A good man departs .
a good man [leaves] .

Linguistic charting of the transcribed interview flags points where the patient's voice departs from expected norms .
linguistic charting of the transcribed interview flags points where the patient's voice [leaves] from expected norms .

They spend a happy time in Venice , but eventually Martin departs .
they spend a happy time in venice , but eventually martin [leaves] .

The recently-started daily Qantas service referred to by Thompson now departs Manchester at 10.20 hours , arriving in Sydney 23 hours and 25 minutes later .
the recently-started daily qantas service referred to by thompson now [leaves] manchester at 10.20 hours , arriving in sydney 23 hours and 25 minutes later .

The new Gulf Air service departs Manchester twice a week , Wednesdays and Sundays , for Abu Dhabi , via Frankfurt , Germany .
the new gulf air service [leaves] manchester twice a week , wednesdays and sundays , for abu dhabi , via frankfurt , germany .

Position markers of mother-of-pearl are inlaid offset in the rosewood , and their diminutive size once again departs from the traditional and scurries off in the direction of the new , though there 's garish or clumsy about them .
position markers of mother-of-pearl are inlaid offset in the rosewood , and their diminutive size once again [leaves] from the traditional and scurries off in the direction of the new , though there 's garish or clumsy about them .

Wearing a chic black costume and white fur wrap , she is seen waving to him as he departs for the colony before walking away to a smart car beside which stands a chauffeur .
wearing a chic black costume and white fur wrap , she is seen waving to him as he [leaves] for the colony before walking away to a smart car beside which stands a chauffeur .

The principle which animates these planes — holds them together and establishes communication between them — can be visualized as the life force or vital force , the Prana of the Hindus , or the Ch ' i energy of the Chinese , that elusive something which departs at death .
the principle which animates these planes — holds them together and establishes communication between them — can be visualized as the life force or vital force , the prana of the hindus , or the ch ' i energy of the chinese , that elusive something which [leaves] at death .

At the same time , egalitarian feminist psychology departs from mainstream psychology in important ways .
at the same time , egalitarian feminist psychology [leaves] from mainstream psychology in important ways .

It both departs from and rejoins traditional and feminist psychologies of homosexuality , which rest on unproblematic notions of homosexual biology , identity , or , more rarely , politics ( Kitzinger 1987 ) .
it both [leaves] from and rejoins traditional and feminist psychologies of homosexuality , which rest on unproblematic notions of homosexual biology , identity , or , more rarely , politics ( kitzinger 1987 ) .

The last Elf army departs from the Old World , leaving behind a few hardy colonists who refused to go .
the last elf army [leaves] from the old world , leaving behind a few hardy colonists who refused to go .

Finubar departs for the Old World , landing at the Bretonnian port of L'Anguille .
finubar [leaves] for the old world , landing at the bretonnian port of l'anguille .

Teclis forges his sword and departs the White Tower .
teclis forges his sword and [leaves] the white tower .

Johnson 's approach represents an advance on classic statements such as , for example , that of Carr-Saunders and Wilson ( 1964 ) ; first , because it is relational ; second , it questions the taken for granted desirability of professionalism and third , it departs from empiricist nominalism .
johnson 's approach represents an advance on classic statements such as , for example , that of carr-saunders and wilson ( 1964 ) ; first , because it is relational ; second , it questions the taken for granted desirability of professionalism and third , it [leaves] from empiricist nominalism .

Charles departs for the opera , leaving a distraught Diana to keep a bedside vigil for two days by herself .
charles [leaves] for the opera , leaving a distraught diana to keep a bedside vigil for two days by herself .

With only three weeks to go before the 16-man squad departs to the sub-continent , rioting across the country has put Lord 's on the alert .
with only three weeks to go before the 16-man squad [leaves] to the sub-continent , rioting across the country has put lord 's on the alert .

The first departs from Twyford at 09.45 with the return from Henley at 10.15 .
the first [leaves] from twyford at 09.45 with the return from henley at 10.15 .

The return from Exeter departs at 15.00 and will be headed by West Country Pacific ‘ Taw Valley ’ arriving Andover at 18.05 .
the return from exeter [leaves] at 15.00 and will be headed by west country pacific ‘ taw valley ’ arriving andover at 18.05 .

Certainly experience helps children in the formation and shaping of concepts but unguarded free activity is likely to be as unrewarding in the long term as a learning programme which never departs from a prepared text book .
certainly experience helps children in the formation and shaping of concepts but unguarded free activity is likely to be as unrewarding in the long term as a learning programme which never [leaves] from a prepared text book .

The railway comes into the town from Glasgow after a circuitous journey across Rannoch Moor , and a branch line departs for Mallaig .
the railway comes into the town from glasgow after a circuitous journey across rannoch moor , and a branch line [leaves] for mallaig .

As one new face appears another departs .
as one new face appears another [leaves] .

It departs on October 13 , with another trip exploring the Amazon leaving on November 12 .
it [leaves] on october 13 , with another trip exploring the amazon leaving on november 12 .

Although it retains some features in common with the ‘ orthodox account ’ it also departs from it significantly , especially in its emphasis on the importance of ‘ justice ’ within prisons .
although it retains some features in common with the ‘ orthodox account ’ it also [leaves] from it significantly , especially in its emphasis on the importance of ‘ justice ’ within prisons .

Law and order departs from the Justice Model markedly in its attitude to due process : if anything it disap-proves of excessive procedural safeguards on the grounds that they are likely to act as an obstacle to ensuring offenders receive their just deserts .
law and order [leaves] from the justice model markedly in its attitude to due process : if anything it disap-proves of excessive procedural safeguards on the grounds that they are likely to act as an obstacle to ensuring offenders receive their just deserts .

Jones 's international commitments ( he departs for Australia 's three-Test tour of Sri Lanka in August ) will limit him to only four-fifths of the county season with Durham , but Graveney added : ‘ His attitude to this situation is brilliant .
jones 's international commitments ( he [leaves] for australia 's three-test tour of sri lanka in august ) will limit him to only four-fifths of the county season with durham , but graveney added : ‘ his attitude to this situation is brilliant .

The very next sentence : ‘ Although energetic and successful in all school activities , Ernest twice ran away from home before joining the Kansas City Star as a cub reporter in 1917 ’ departs from this pattern .
the very next sentence : ‘ although energetic and successful in all school activities , ernest twice ran away from home before joining the kansas city star as a cub reporter in 1917 ’ [leaves] from this pattern .

The mother wasp , therefore , does not merely dig a burrow , and later leave it never to return : she departs from and comes back to it many times .
the mother wasp , therefore , does not merely dig a burrow , and later leave it never to return : she [leaves] from and comes back to it many times .

When bees swarm , for instance , which happens when any given colony gets too big , a new queen is produced and departs the hive with a group of followers .
when bees swarm , for instance , which happens when any given colony gets too big , a new queen is produced and [leaves] the hive with a group of followers .

When the laird returns after a long absence the shoals of herring fill the sea-loch outside the castle ; if a woman departs for the islands opposite , the shoals will desert the Macleods .
when the laird returns after a long absence the shoals of herring fill the sea-loch outside the castle ; if a woman [leaves] for the islands opposite , the shoals will desert the macleods .

This is a very informative leaflet produced by Dover Harbour Board , with details on which dock your ferry or hovercraft departs from , travelling to your resort by car , rail or coach plus a list of essentials to take .
this is a very informative leaflet produced by dover harbour board , with details on which dock your ferry or hovercraft [leaves] from , travelling to your resort by car , rail or coach plus a list of essentials to take .

The week afloat in Turkey departs from Yalikavak and cruises the delightful and party protected Gulf of Güllük with up to eight with up to eight mirage 28 yachts under the watchful eye of the flotilla lead boat .
the week afloat in turkey [leaves] from yalikavak and cruises the delightful and party protected gulf of güllük with up to eight with up to eight mirage 28 yachts under the watchful eye of the flotilla lead boat .

Late night departure from London departs Victoria Coach Station at 0040 , daily .
late night departure from london [leaves] victoria coach station at 0040 , daily .

Although from West Bay to Abbotsbury the main shingle ridge hugs the coast , it departs from the coast south-east of Abbotsbury and leaves between it and the mainland the elongated lagoon known as the Fleet .
although from west bay to abbotsbury the main shingle ridge hugs the coast , it [leaves] from the coast south-east of abbotsbury and leaves between it and the mainland the elongated lagoon known as the fleet .

Furthermore , critical theory departs form positivism in understanding the facts of culture in terms of a social totality .
furthermore , critical theory [leaves] form positivism in understanding the facts of culture in terms of a social totality .

The profile departs from the logarithmic form when , because of the importance of viscosity in this region .
the profile [leaves] from the logarithmic form when , because of the importance of viscosity in this region .

When it departs .
when it [leaves] .

Departs daily every 30 minutes .
[leaves] daily every 30 minutes .

Departs daily at 10 a.m .
[leaves] daily at 10 a.m .

Departs every Sunday at 10 a.m. throughout the year .
[leaves] every sunday at 10 a.m. throughout the year .

Departs every Saturday , Sunday , Monday and Wednesday at 10 a.m .
[leaves] every saturday , sunday , monday and wednesday at 10 a.m .

( Departs every half hour — duration 17 minutes ) .
( [leaves] every half hour — duration 17 minutes ) .

The book departs from more ‘ mainstream ’ histories of photographic portraiture and is stimulating .
the book [leaves] from more ‘ mainstream ’ histories of photographic portraiture and is stimulating .

Long does not reduce to the simple ; he departs from it .
long does not reduce to the simple ; he [leaves] from it .

When the guest departs , after settling the account , the cashier will press a switch and the light will go from off to red to indicate that the room is vacant and ready to be cleaned .
when the guest [leaves] , after settling the account , the cashier will press a switch and the light will go from off to red to indicate that the room is vacant and ready to be cleaned .

All other departments will check that charging vouchers have been forwarded to the billing office for entry on the guest 's folio ( Fig. 3.8(c) Fig. 3.30 ) before the guest departs .
all other departments will check that charging vouchers have been forwarded to the billing office for entry on the guest 's folio ( fig. 3.8(c) fig. 3.30 ) before the guest [leaves] .

The account is settled , keys are handed in and the guest departs with a warm invitation to ‘ please come again ’ .
the account is settled , keys are handed in and the guest [leaves] with a warm invitation to ‘ please come again ’ .

The availability of transport which departs from the hospital will be seen as a valuable bonus by many staff .
the availability of transport which [leaves] from the hospital will be seen as a valuable bonus by many staff .

The novel departs clearly from Anthony Hope 's tale in this element of the power politics of the 1920s .
the novel [leaves] clearly from anthony hope 's tale in this element of the power politics of the 1920s .

While she dawdles in the Courtyard of the Lions , he departs in a frenzy of whips , elbows , hooves , all rapidly obscured by a dustcloud .
while she dawdles in the courtyard of the lions , he [leaves] in a frenzy of whips , elbows , hooves , all rapidly obscured by a dustcloud .

The latter will include the fact that the report complies with auditing standards and , where it departs from these , the reasons ; the steps taken in the audit process ; and that it was planned and performed ‘ so as to obtain reasonable assurance that the financial statements are free from material misstatement , whether caused by fraud or other irregularity or error ’ .
the latter will include the fact that the report complies with auditing standards and , where it [leaves] from these , the reasons ; the steps taken in the audit process ; and that it was planned and performed ‘ so as to obtain reasonable assurance that the financial statements are free from material misstatement , whether caused by fraud or other irregularity or error ’ .

Travel details : Cruise departs Miami , calling at Nassau in the Bahamas ' New Providence Island and on to CocoCay island before returning to Miami .
travel details : cruise [leaves] miami , calling at nassau in the bahamas ' new providence island and on to cococay island before returning to miami .

Hezarfen , in his listing of the Seyhulislams , as distinct from his discussion of the history of the office where he takes a slightly different view , departs significantly in only one respect from Katib Celebi ( at least in so far as can be judged from the one manuscript ) , namely in his treatment of Abdulkerim and Molla Arab . He writes :
hezarfen , in his listing of the seyhulislams , as distinct from his discussion of the history of the office where he takes a slightly different view , [leaves] significantly in only one respect from katib celebi ( at least in so far as can be judged from the one manuscript ) , namely in his treatment of abdulkerim and molla arab . he writes :

With these , you define a chunk of text as an actor — you can do this either in the movie editor or in the Cel editor — and can then define , via dialogue boxes , how it appears onscreen , any movement you want it to have and how it departs the screen .
with these , you define a chunk of text as an actor — you can do this either in the movie editor or in the cel editor — and can then define , via dialogue boxes , how it appears onscreen , any movement you want it to have and how it [leaves] the screen .

Milton departs from the biblical account which has the people suffer with their rulers .
milton [leaves] from the biblical account which has the people suffer with their rulers .

The only other differences in the motive power is the use of a Class 37 on the Stanlow to Aberystwyth tanks which normally arrives around 08.10 on a Wednesday and departs around mid afternoon .
the only other differences in the motive power is the use of a class 37 on the stanlow to aberystwyth tanks which normally arrives around 08.10 on a wednesday and [leaves] around mid afternoon .

The coach to Bridgnorth departs at 9.15 a.m. from the Boar 's Head , Bishop 's Castle and will return there at about 5.30 p.m .
the coach to bridgnorth [leaves] at 9.15 a.m. from the boar 's head , bishop 's castle and will return there at about 5.30 p.m .

They kiss and John departs .
they kiss and john [leaves] .

This departs from the measure based on lifetime incomes , on account of systematic life-cycle factors and of transitory variation in incomes .
this [leaves] from the measure based on lifetime incomes , on account of systematic life-cycle factors and of transitory variation in incomes .

In this scene at least , the narrative departs from its generally macho tone .
in this scene at least , the narrative [leaves] from its generally macho tone .

Here subjects watched a series of 12 slides , this time a mother and son visit the father at his work-place , the mother calls a cab and departs .
here subjects watched a series of 12 slides , this time a mother and son visit the father at his work-place , the mother calls a cab and [leaves] .

It is moot whether that phrase covers a situation where the accused departs with the victim 's consent .
it is moot whether that phrase covers a situation where the accused [leaves] with the victim 's consent .

However , in several ways Qaddafi departs from the ordinary Libyan image .
however , in several ways qaddafi [leaves] from the ordinary libyan image .

She then departs that day for a 15-night Mediterranean cruise , returning to the Mersey on September 29 and leaving that day for a 14-night Canaries and North Africa cruise which terminates at Southampton on October 13 .
she then [leaves] that day for a 15-night mediterranean cruise , returning to the mersey on september 29 and leaving that day for a 14-night canaries and north africa cruise which terminates at southampton on october 13 .

Having crossed the Pennines with electric traction , a mixed freight departs from Guide Bridge hauled by No .
having crossed the pennines with electric traction , a mixed freight [leaves] from guide bridge hauled by no .

However , if within 6 weeks of departure you change your booking to a later date , the cancellation charges will apply as shown in paragraph 4 unless the new holiday departs on or before the original departure date , when the normal fee of £12 per person will be charged .
however , if within 6 weeks of departure you change your booking to a later date , the cancellation charges will apply as shown in paragraph 4 unless the new holiday [leaves] on or before the original departure date , when the normal fee of £12 per person will be charged .

Spend a week on the cruise leaving from either Rhodes or Corfu , then choose to stay in any of the hotels featured as Cruise ' n ' stay accommodation in the resort from which your cruise departs .
spend a week on the cruise leaving from either rhodes or corfu , then choose to stay in any of the hotels featured as cruise ' n ' stay accommodation in the resort from which your cruise [leaves] .

The visiting General departs from the Academy after tea .
the visiting general [leaves] from the academy after tea .

An hour later we tie up , and a small party departs stoically up the bank for Kom Ombo temple .
an hour later we tie up , and a small party [leaves] stoically up the bank for kom ombo temple .

More or less satisfied we 're not , the howling lowlife departs .
more or less satisfied we 're not , the howling lowlife [leaves] .

When a [ makonde ] sculptor departs from the stereotype [ … $ this is nearly always because an element of doubt or defiance has been worked into it ; a madonna is given a demon to hold instead of the Christ Child ; a priest is represented with the feet of a wild animal , a pietà becomes a study not of sorrow but of revenge , with the mother raising a spear over the body of her dead son .
when a [ makonde ] sculptor [leaves] from the stereotype [ … $ this is nearly always because an element of doubt or defiance has been worked into it ; a madonna is given a demon to hold instead of the christ child ; a priest is represented with the feet of a wild animal , a pietà becomes a study not of sorrow but of revenge , with the mother raising a spear over the body of her dead son .

In terms of principle , the rule requires justification because it departs from the principle of correspondence ( see Chapter 5.2 ( a ) ) , namely that the fault element in a crime should relate to the consequences prohibited by that crime .
in terms of principle , the rule requires justification because it [leaves] from the principle of correspondence ( see chapter 5.2 ( a ) ) , namely that the fault element in a crime should relate to the consequences prohibited by that crime .

At the world 's main airports a plane arrives or departs every 30 seconds .
at the world 's main airports a plane arrives or [leaves] every 30 seconds .

The 11.20 ‘ Bedpan ’ service from St Pancras to Bedford departs the london terminus on 26 September 1986 formed of Class 317/0 emu No 317315 .
the 11.20 ‘ bedpan ’ service from st pancras to bedford [leaves] the london terminus on 26 september 1986 formed of class 317/0 emu no 317315 .

The three–car version of the Class 210 dmu , set No 210002 departs form West Ealing with the 11.05 Paddington–slough service on 22 February 1984 .
the three–car version of the class 210 dmu , set no 210002 [leaves] form west ealing with the 11.05 paddington–slough service on 22 february 1984 .

Thus the national economic programme departs from the political ; national independence does not include economic independence .
thus the national economic programme [leaves] from the political ; national independence does not include economic independence .

If he departs from it when imposing redundancies , he will usually be acting unfairly .
if he [leaves] from it when imposing redundancies , he will usually be acting unfairly .

In particular , you will probably have good reason to complain if your employer departs at the last minute from an approach to the selection process that has previously been announced .
in particular , you will probably have good reason to complain if your employer [leaves] at the last minute from an approach to the selection process that has previously been announced .

It is true that the text departs from the normal format of Scaevola 's digesta , in which his favourite expression secundum ea quae proponerentur is regularly followed by only a couple of words .
it is true that the text [leaves] from the normal format of scaevola 's digesta , in which his favourite expression secundum ea quae proponerentur is regularly followed by only a couple of words .

The helper departs feeling ‘ put down ’ and badly done by .
the helper [leaves] feeling ‘ put down ’ and badly done by .

‘ When the train departs , our passengers will all come here for the champagne .
‘ when the train [leaves] , our passengers will all come here for the champagne .

And their arousal is so intense that if the owl finally departs they will still go on mobbing for a long while afterwards , as though they can not calm down to a normal level of activity until some considerable time has passed .
and their arousal is so intense that if the owl finally [leaves] they will still go on mobbing for a long while afterwards , as though they can not calm down to a normal level of activity until some considerable time has passed .

The building of such complexity requires great energy and so , when the life or soul departs , nothing is wasted and the remaining body becomes the food for other creatures .
the building of such complexity requires great energy and so , when the life or soul [leaves] , nothing is wasted and the remaining body becomes the food for other creatures .

The North Yorkshireman departs Grosmont Station at 7.30pm on Saturdays from 25 April to 3 October and on Fridays from June 5 to September 11 , and dinner is served on board .
the north yorkshireman [leaves] grosmont station at 7.30pm on saturdays from 25 april to 3 october and on fridays from june 5 to september 11 , and dinner is served on board .

We have defined crime as an act which breaks the criminal law and deviance as behaviour which breaks or departs from the norms or standards of the majority in society .
we have defined crime as an act which breaks the criminal law and deviance as behaviour which breaks or [leaves] from the norms or standards of the majority in society .

Smoothing by taking repeated medians is very powerful , and can sometimes produce a result that departs more from the pattern of the original data sequence than we would like .
smoothing by taking repeated medians is very powerful , and can sometimes produce a result that [leaves] more from the pattern of the original data sequence than we would like .

In Figure 7.2 , the lower volume 43-regular has a Cv equal to 1.0 , which means the weekly demand departs much more from the average . )
in figure 7.2 , the lower volume 43-regular has a cv equal to 1.0 , which means the weekly demand [leaves] much more from the average . )

They are entitled to “ alter or abolish ” a government that departs radically from the one to which had given their consent .
they are entitled to “ alter or abolish ” a government that [leaves] radically from the one to which had given their consent .

The new function of government departs radically from the dyadic structure—the individual pitted against the state—underlying the Bill of Rights .
the new function of government [leaves] radically from the dyadic structure—the individual pitted against the state—underlying the bill of rights .

A free walking tour departs every Saturday at 10:00 a.m. from the Plaza Hotel and points out the town ’ s historic sights , most notably the tombs of prominent rabbis .
a free walking tour [leaves] every saturday at 10:00 a.m. from the plaza hotel and points out the town ’ s historic sights , most notably the tombs of prominent rabbis .

Even at sunrise , you ’ ll see bright-eyed people heading for an early breakfast after spending all night at a discotheque or nightclub that stays open until the last patron departs .
even at sunrise , you ’ ll see bright-eyed people heading for an early breakfast after spending all night at a discotheque or nightclub that stays open until the last patron [leaves] .

Just beyond this is the bus station , where regular service departs west to Mérida and south along the Maya Riviera to Tulum .
just beyond this is the bus station , where regular service [leaves] west to mérida and south along the maya riviera to tulum .

Hayward ’ s Cruises departs from Hamilton Harbour ( Tel .
hayward ’ s cruises [leaves] from hamilton harbour ( tel .

An employer may deny coverage after the worker departs the country or stop paying workers compensation benefits that are owed .
an employer may deny coverage after the worker [leaves] the country or stop paying workers compensation benefits that are owed .

At least some screening should occur before a passenger departs on a flight destined for the United States .
at least some screening should occur before a passenger [leaves] on a flight destined for the united states .

Depending on how long she stays , she may pass a different shift of Secret Service agents as she departs .
depending on how long she stays , she may pass a different shift of secret service agents as she [leaves] .

The band occasionally departs from its hard-core speed metal and ventures into `` melodic interludes , user-friendly grooves , and actual harmonious vocals '' ( Lorraine Ali , Rolling Stone ) .
the band occasionally [leaves] from its hard-core speed metal and ventures into `` melodic interludes , user-friendly grooves , and actual harmonious vocals '' ( lorraine ali , rolling stone ) .

Ebert departs from the pack , giving the film 3.5 stars and a rave review : It `` vibrates with fear , guilt and lust . ''
ebert [leaves] from the pack , giving the film 3.5 stars and a rave review : it `` vibrates with fear , guilt and lust . ''

The New York Times ' Janet Maslin departs from the pack , calling the film a `` crackerjack thriller ... well paced and cleverly constructed . ''
the new york times ' janet maslin [leaves] from the pack , calling the film a `` crackerjack thriller ... well paced and cleverly constructed . ''

Whenever he departs , he will leave a sad legacy . ''
whenever he [leaves] , he will leave a sad legacy . ''

The Post spy story , which also is on the front at USAT , departs somewhat from the pattern of recent espionage cases .
the post spy story , which also is on the front at usat , [leaves] somewhat from the pattern of recent espionage cases .

The NYT 's front-page analysis departs from the upbeat line , emphasizing Washington 's wariness despite its public show of confidence : the White House fears economic weakness could lead to political fragility in the region .
the nyt 's front-page analysis [leaves] from the upbeat line , emphasizing washington 's wariness despite its public show of confidence : the white house fears economic weakness could lead to political fragility in the region .

A design that departs radically from the ordinary may look great in a museum but fail in the kitchen .
a design that [leaves] radically from the ordinary may look great in a museum but fail in the kitchen .

The one moment in the Washington installation that departs from the chaste array of paintings suggests what this show might have been , in the hands of curators more interested in social context .
the one moment in the washington installation that [leaves] from the chaste array of paintings suggests what this show might have been , in the hands of curators more interested in social context .

Where the show departs from the norm is that it eschews both caricature and melodrama ( though it has elements of both ) for something that has the weight of , and comes across as , realism .
where the show [leaves] from the norm is that it eschews both caricature and melodrama ( though it has elements of both ) for something that has the weight of , and comes across as , realism .

Christopher Lehmann-Haupt departs from the critical pack , declaring that `` this mesmerizing book shows women in such astonishing variety that no cliché or generalization about the sex will ever again suffice '' ( the New York Times ) .
christopher lehmann-haupt [leaves] from the critical pack , declaring that `` this mesmerizing book shows women in such astonishing variety that no cliché or generalization about the sex will ever again suffice '' ( the new york times ) .

The magazine 's special shelter issue , titled `` The Human Habitat , '' self-consciously departs from glossy , expensive interior-decorator culture .
the magazine 's special shelter issue , titled `` the human habitat , '' self-consciously [leaves] from glossy , expensive interior-decorator culture .

Postal Service that a town would break into a spontaneous rendition of `` America the Beautiful '' when a letter carrier departs on his rounds , or that a man facing a firing squad would yell out -- in the unlikeliest line of dialogue of 1997 -- '' Ride , postman , ride ! ''
postal service that a town would break into a spontaneous rendition of `` america the beautiful '' when a letter carrier [leaves] on his rounds , or that a man facing a firing squad would yell out -- in the unlikeliest line of dialogue of 1997 -- '' ride , postman , ride ! ''

USAT points out that this definition departs from the standard laid down by the Supreme Court in 1969 , which limited `` threat '' to those words that produce or are likely to produce `` imminent '' lawless action .
usat points out that this definition [leaves] from the standard laid down by the supreme court in 1969 , which limited `` threat '' to those words that produce or are likely to produce `` imminent '' lawless action .

Encompass Anna Karenina : while not as revelatory as War \ ? \ Peace , that title is every bit as sweeping in a related arena : do not forget that the eponymous character departs the book some fifty pages before it ends , leaving her name as a metaphor for the deadly effects of society 's conventions , as Tolstoy saw them , on the soul .
encompass anna karenina : while not as revelatory as war \ ? \ peace , that title is every bit as sweeping in a related arena : do not forget that the eponymous character [leaves] the book some fifty pages before it ends , leaving her name as a metaphor for the deadly effects of society 's conventions , as tolstoy saw them , on the soul .

I am happy to let the usually conservative American Heritage Dictionary have the last word : “ As with the analogous words data and agenda , the originally plural form has begun to acquire a sense that departs from that of the singular [ medium ] ; used as a collective term , media denotes an industry or community. ” Contemporary English : Word Lists In the early 1960s , while I was directing the compilation and editing of The Random House Dictionary of the English Language-Unabridged Edition , it occurred to me that it would be extremely useful to have a listing of a large number of English words alphabetized from the right—that is , listed in normal spelling order but with words ending in a followed by those ending in b , and so on , to those ending in z .
i am happy to let the usually conservative american heritage dictionary have the last word : “ as with the analogous words data and agenda , the originally plural form has begun to acquire a sense that [leaves] from that of the singular [ medium ] ; used as a collective term , media denotes an industry or community. ” contemporary english : word lists in the early 1960s , while i was directing the compilation and editing of the random house dictionary of the english language-unabridged edition , it occurred to me that it would be extremely useful to have a listing of a large number of english words alphabetized from the right—that is , listed in normal spelling order but with words ending in a followed by those ending in b , and so on , to those ending in z .

