But the rain came more heavily , and men and women in light summer clothes began to depart .
but the rain came more heavily , and men and women in light summer clothes began to [leave] .

Parker insisted upon not resigning , even when the majority wanted him to depart , upon daring the Fellowship to throw him out .
parker insisted upon not resigning , even when the majority wanted him to [leave] , upon daring the fellowship to throw him out .

He was about to leave them , to depart from this world , and return to His Father in Heaven .
he was about to leave them , to [leave] from this world , and return to his father in heaven .

At the other end of the spectrum , where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program , we should be prepared to depart substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support , in cooperation with other developed countries , of the essential foreign exchange requirements of the country's development program .
at the other end of the spectrum , where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program , we should be prepared to [leave] substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support , in cooperation with other developed countries , of the essential foreign exchange requirements of the country's development program .

Second , what is its concentration in normal circumstances and in what circumstances will this concentration depart from the normal level and in which direction ? ?
second , what is its concentration in normal circumstances and in what circumstances will this concentration [leave] from the normal level and in which direction ? ?

The principle of `` bills only '' , or `` bills preferably '' , seems so strongly accepted by the Federal Reserve that it is difficult to envision conditions which would persuade the authorities to depart radically from it by extending their open market purchases regularly into long-term Government securities .
the principle of `` bills only '' , or `` bills preferably '' , seems so strongly accepted by the federal reserve that it is difficult to envision conditions which would persuade the authorities to [leave] radically from it by extending their open market purchases regularly into long-term government securities .

At last it was time to depart .
at last it was time to [leave] .

he depart
he [leave]

two people book a small mobile home on any high season depart from Saturday the tenth of July oh that 's after you , oh wait a minute , until twenty third of August and only pay the low season charge , save , save over thirty pound per
two people book a small mobile home on any high season [leave] from saturday the tenth of july oh that 's after you , oh wait a minute , until twenty third of august and only pay the low season charge , save , save over thirty pound per

The leader of that team , Frenchman Patrice Palanque , said it would depart today after a day off at the Iraqis ' request on Friday , the Muslim sabbath .
the leader of that team , frenchman patrice palanque , said it would [leave] today after a day off at the iraqis ' request on friday , the muslim sabbath .

Earlier this month the justice minister was forced to depart .
earlier this month the justice minister was forced to [leave] .

What changes had been made by the act ? Mrs Smith said that there was a presumption that parliament , when legislating , did not intend to depart from the existing common law unless it expressly said so .
what changes had been made by the act ? mrs smith said that there was a presumption that parliament , when legislating , did not intend to [leave] from the existing common law unless it expressly said so .

Mr Walker , who had vowed he would have to be evicted with the family , said : ‘ We had hoped for a stay of execution to allow the family to depart with dignity , but the Scottish Office handled the request in the same way as they have handled the whole affair — with massive insensitivity .
mr walker , who had vowed he would have to be evicted with the family , said : ‘ we had hoped for a stay of execution to allow the family to [leave] with dignity , but the scottish office handled the request in the same way as they have handled the whole affair — with massive insensitivity .

The council has asked for nonperishable food and basic medicines to add to the convoy of aid soon to depart for Russia .
the council has asked for nonperishable food and basic medicines to add to the convoy of aid soon to [leave] for russia .

Then she shook hands which is the signal to depart .
then she shook hands which is the signal to [leave] .

Draw up a life table for a cohort of 5000 students showing , for each year of study , the probability of leaving and the expected remaining stay calculated on the assumption that one-tenth of the leavers in any year depart at random times during the year and the remainder go at the end of that year .
draw up a life table for a cohort of 5000 students showing , for each year of study , the probability of leaving and the expected remaining stay calculated on the assumption that one-tenth of the leavers in any year [leave] at random times during the year and the remainder go at the end of that year .

On Ashfield , it states : ‘ Many pupils arrive feeling ‘ failures ’ to depart as ‘ mature young women , ready to take their place in an increasingly complex society . ’
on ashfield , it states : ‘ many pupils arrive feeling ‘ failures ’ to [leave] as ‘ mature young women , ready to take their place in an increasingly complex society . ’

The dungarees depart on the strength of comments from staff and customers , who thought they were a little outdated .
the dungarees [leave] on the strength of comments from staff and customers , who thought they were a little outdated .

The characteristic impedance of a T-section of a constant-k , band-pass , ladder filter is from equations ( 9.1 ) , ( 9.48 ) and ( 9.49 ) However , the usual procedure is to terminate such a ladder with resistance k given by equation ( 9.48 ) , in which case the performances of its later sections depart somewhat from that indicated by figure 9.6 ( b ) .
the characteristic impedance of a t-section of a constant-k , band-pass , ladder filter is from equations ( 9.1 ) , ( 9.48 ) and ( 9.49 ) however , the usual procedure is to terminate such a ladder with resistance k given by equation ( 9.48 ) , in which case the performances of its later sections [leave] somewhat from that indicated by figure 9.6 ( b ) .

depart ?
[leave] ?

There are other places she could go to , of course , but so many of them would be clubs in which she would be expected to communicate and contribute at a time when all she wants is occasionally simply to be ‘ with ’ people and to be able to depart when she wishes without giving offence or disturbing the gathering .
there are other places she could go to , of course , but so many of them would be clubs in which she would be expected to communicate and contribute at a time when all she wants is occasionally simply to be ‘ with ’ people and to be able to [leave] when she wishes without giving offence or disturbing the gathering .

For her , there is some slight security in the continuity of attending to all the basic daily household tasks as she has done for many years , but when his ‘ first wave ’ of helpers begins to depart he will have to learn to do much more for himself to keep his home going , which will be an added burden to those he is already carrying .
for her , there is some slight security in the continuity of attending to all the basic daily household tasks as she has done for many years , but when his ‘ first wave ’ of helpers begins to [leave] he will have to learn to do much more for himself to keep his home going , which will be an added burden to those he is already carrying .

He watched her car depart ; he stood on the terrace , and looked across towards the city , then back towards the house .
he watched her car [leave] ; he stood on the terrace , and looked across towards the city , then back towards the house .

Quite underground ; as flowers depart to see their mother root ,
quite underground ; as flowers [leave] to see their mother root ,

Soon to depart from Sicily , the Luftwaffe 's most successful fighter pilots over Malta during the Spring of 1941 pose with Italian friends .
soon to [leave] from sicily , the luftwaffe 's most successful fighter pilots over malta during the spring of 1941 pose with italian friends .

The Bakers and the Kings depart ;
the bakers and the kings [leave] ;

Forced to depart from Suxavat by its apocalyptic destruction , Urim 's final journey to the Andes reveals to him the mirror-image of the Hindu Kush of his origins .
forced to [leave] from suxavat by its apocalyptic destruction , urim 's final journey to the andes reveals to him the mirror-image of the hindu kush of his origins .

Seymour and Collins had diplomatic immunity ; he let them all depart back to London in their two cars fifteen minutes later , warning them that he would want Quinn , for whom there was no diplomatic status , available for the taking of lengthy statements in London .
seymour and collins had diplomatic immunity ; he let them all [leave] back to london in their two cars fifteen minutes later , warning them that he would want quinn , for whom there was no diplomatic status , available for the taking of lengthy statements in london .

Flying over Spirit Bay near there , where the Tasman Sea meets the Pacific Ocean , and where Maori tradition has it that the spirits of the dead depart New Zealand for their Polynesian resting place , was a haunting experience .
flying over spirit bay near there , where the tasman sea meets the pacific ocean , and where maori tradition has it that the spirits of the dead [leave] new zealand for their polynesian resting place , was a haunting experience .

The foulest Babylonian custom is that which compels every woman of the land once in her life to sit in the temple of Ishtar and lay with some stranger … after sexual union has made the woman holy in the goddess ' sight , she returns home … Handsome women are , of course , soon free to depart , but it happens that the uncomely sometimes have to wait several years …
the foulest babylonian custom is that which compels every woman of the land once in her life to sit in the temple of ishtar and lay with some stranger … after sexual union has made the woman holy in the goddess ' sight , she returns home … handsome women are , of course , soon free to [leave] , but it happens that the uncomely sometimes have to wait several years …

Paul would depart early in the morning , leaving Dinah still asleep ; by the time he got back after his day 's reading at the publishing house , had had a meal , and worked on his manuscript , Dinah was long gone .
paul would [leave] early in the morning , leaving dinah still asleep ; by the time he got back after his day 's reading at the publishing house , had had a meal , and worked on his manuscript , dinah was long gone .

Soon after this Mary and Albert got ready to follow his parents and depart .
soon after this mary and albert got ready to follow his parents and [leave] .

Obviously , you will have to allow for cleaning after the students depart on March 28 .
obviously , you will have to allow for cleaning after the students [leave] on march 28 .

Ybreska watched it depart in a swirling dust-cloud .
ybreska watched it [leave] in a swirling dust-cloud .

The ladies of Tollemarche , Alberta , were always wonderfully clever at disposing of their menfolk ; so that these gentlemen , if not already in their graves , were encouraged by their wives to depart northwards in search of business , or , to escape from constant nagging , to conferences in Ontario or hunting trips in British Columbia .
the ladies of tollemarche , alberta , were always wonderfully clever at disposing of their menfolk ; so that these gentlemen , if not already in their graves , were encouraged by their wives to [leave] northwards in search of business , or , to escape from constant nagging , to conferences in ontario or hunting trips in british columbia .

In her heart Olga Stych hoped her mother would take the hint and depart .
in her heart olga stych hoped her mother would take the hint and [leave] .

Type in your destination , your leaving point and the time you either want to arrive or depart , and the program goes away and calculates the best route .
type in your destination , your leaving point and the time you either want to arrive or [leave] , and the program goes away and calculates the best route .

The renegade wizards raise the Black Arks and depart to the cold north to found the Dark Elf kingdom of Naggaroth .
the renegade wizards raise the black arks and [leave] to the cold north to found the dark elf kingdom of naggaroth .

Finally , no editor has a limitless source of funding , no editor can ignore the readers and their needs and wants , and no editor can safely depart from established news practices .
finally , no editor has a limitless source of funding , no editor can ignore the readers and their needs and wants , and no editor can safely [leave] from established news practices .

Dubček 's undoing was supposing that his personal stature allowed him to adopt a creative notion of his responsibilities and depart from the orthodox notion of these things .
dubček 's undoing was supposing that his personal stature allowed him to adopt a creative notion of his responsibilities and [leave] from the orthodox notion of these things .

Everton boss Howard Kendall is reluctant to allow a quality player to depart , but with the club almost £4 m in debt and gates falling it seems the only way he can gather sufficient funds .
everton boss howard kendall is reluctant to allow a quality player to [leave] , but with the club almost £4 m in debt and gates falling it seems the only way he can gather sufficient funds .

Depart Garvie tomorrow morning , 0600 hours .
[leave] garvie tomorrow morning , 0600 hours .

Sometimes Matthew or Luke depart from Mark 's order of events but never at the same time together and they always return to it .
sometimes matthew or luke [leave] from mark 's order of events but never at the same time together and they always return to it .

An allegory may depart from everyday life into a make-believe world .
an allegory may [leave] from everyday life into a make-believe world .

And one from Scotland represents the philanthropists ' view : ‘ We would prefer to depart in plain , ‘ off the rack ’ , coffins and so allow the savings to be devoted to charity .
and one from scotland represents the philanthropists ' view : ‘ we would prefer to [leave] in plain , ‘ off the rack ’ , coffins and so allow the savings to be devoted to charity .

Forever anxious not to offend another cricketing nation , the Test and County Cricket Board will try until the last possible moment , before Graham Gooch 's players are due to depart on December 28 , to save the trip , even though New Zealand has offered a peaceful alternative .
forever anxious not to offend another cricketing nation , the test and county cricket board will try until the last possible moment , before graham gooch 's players are due to [leave] on december 28 , to save the trip , even though new zealand has offered a peaceful alternative .

Clients who receive competent and efficient service will not depart to a ‘ back-street ’ accountant .
clients who receive competent and efficient service will not [leave] to a ‘ back-street ’ accountant .

The Companies Act 1985 , as amended ( ‘ the Act ' ) provides , both for individual company accounts and for group accounts , that if in special circumstances compliance with any of the provisions of the Act as to the matters to be included in a company 's accounts ( or notes thereto ) is inconsistent with the requirement to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs and profit or loss , the directors shall depart from that provision to the extent necessary to give a true and fair view .
the companies act 1985 , as amended ( ‘ the act ' ) provides , both for individual company accounts and for group accounts , that if in special circumstances compliance with any of the provisions of the act as to the matters to be included in a company 's accounts ( or notes thereto ) is inconsistent with the requirement to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs and profit or loss , the directors shall [leave] from that provision to the extent necessary to give a true and fair view .

While he and Charlotte went steadily ahead making their preparations , Ruth rushed at hers as if the summons to depart might arrive the very next day .
while he and charlotte went steadily ahead making their preparations , ruth rushed at hers as if the summons to [leave] might arrive the very next day .

While Shetland has probably always been a sort of filling-station for birds on migration , it is too big an area for even the most energetic birdwatcher to cover , and thousands of birds arrive and depart unseen .
while shetland has probably always been a sort of filling-station for birds on migration , it is too big an area for even the most energetic birdwatcher to cover , and thousands of birds arrive and [leave] unseen .

Other equally valid fits might also be obtained by allowing the 18-day decay to depart from a pure exponential ; it would then be possible , for example , to obtain a solution in which the two asymptotic increases account for the whole of the increase in rotation rate .
other equally valid fits might also be obtained by allowing the 18-day decay to [leave] from a pure exponential ; it would then be possible , for example , to obtain a solution in which the two asymptotic increases account for the whole of the increase in rotation rate .

Then himself , standing in the middle of the mosaic , either coming back from Yzordderrex or preparing to depart .
then himself , standing in the middle of the mosaic , either coming back from yzordderrex or preparing to [leave] .

Half an hour later , Oscar was ready to depart for Mass .
half an hour later , oscar was ready to [leave] for mass .

Then my first decision — or , if you like , a suggestion respectfully made — is that you and your two friends depart for Rome immediately .
then my first decision — or , if you like , a suggestion respectfully made — is that you and your two friends [leave] for rome immediately .

In all the most important affairs of life , liberty remained for him what it had been for the last thirty years , a state of will which could not depart from rectitude .
in all the most important affairs of life , liberty remained for him what it had been for the last thirty years , a state of will which could not [leave] from rectitude .

46203 ‘ Princess Margaret Rose ’ will depart Tyseley light engine at 08.40 for Stratford-upon-Avon ( arrive 09.20 ) .
46203 ‘ princess margaret rose ’ will [leave] tyseley light engine at 08.40 for stratford-upon-avon ( arrive 09.20 ) .

Trains on Sunday will depart from Dublin Pearse at : — 11.00 a.m. 1.45p.m. 4.15 p.m .
trains on sunday will [leave] from dublin pearse at : — 11.00 a.m. 1.45p.m. 4.15 p.m .

This has yet to receive a name and will depart from Waterloo again about lighting up time , 18.00 ish , heading for Southampton but via Andover , the Laverstock avoiding line and Romsey so that the locomotive is facing the right direction for the homeward journey .
this has yet to receive a name and will [leave] from waterloo again about lighting up time , 18.00 ish , heading for southampton but via andover , the laverstock avoiding line and romsey so that the locomotive is facing the right direction for the homeward journey .

From 1552 , however , official statements on doctrine and liturgy began to depart from this Lutheran standpoint , and to echo instead the theology of the Reformed Churches of Zurich , Strasbourg , and John Calvin 's Geneva .
from 1552 , however , official statements on doctrine and liturgy began to [leave] from this lutheran standpoint , and to echo instead the theology of the reformed churches of zurich , strasbourg , and john calvin 's geneva .

How far can the actors depart from their parts with improvization and adlibbing and yet remain within the accepted , culturally defined , conventions ?
how far can the actors [leave] from their parts with improvization and adlibbing and yet remain within the accepted , culturally defined , conventions ?

Here is the terminus of the railway from Dingwall and Inverness , the pier where the large MacBrayne 's boats call and short cruises depart and , most important for the local economy , the ferries ply across a narrow strait to the island of Skye : a very popular voyage of five minutes only but often achieved after a wait of hours in a queue .
here is the terminus of the railway from dingwall and inverness , the pier where the large macbrayne 's boats call and short cruises [leave] and , most important for the local economy , the ferries ply across a narrow strait to the island of skye : a very popular voyage of five minutes only but often achieved after a wait of hours in a queue .

As part of the weekend 's festivities , a special steam hauled train to Minehead the ‘ Severn Coast Express ’ will depart from Bishops Lydeard at 7.25 pm on Saturday evening , returning there at 11.00pm .
as part of the weekend 's festivities , a special steam hauled train to minehead the ‘ severn coast express ’ will [leave] from bishops lydeard at 7.25 pm on saturday evening , returning there at 11.00pm .

When the signal for launching crusade finally did come to the Fists ' astropaths , Battle Brothers would depart in warpships from the jutting sword-deck — to return , perhaps years later in realspace time , as heroes … and some as cripples needing reconstruction by the experts in the Apothacarion … and others as honoured corpses , or perhaps only in the form of retrieved progenoid glands from which new Marines would be kindled .
when the signal for launching crusade finally did come to the fists ' astropaths , battle brothers would [leave] in warpships from the jutting sword-deck — to return , perhaps years later in realspace time , as heroes … and some as cripples needing reconstruction by the experts in the apothacarion … and others as honoured corpses , or perhaps only in the form of retrieved progenoid glands from which new marines would be kindled .

Trains depart from Embsay at half-hourly intervals from 10.30 am until 4.00 pm .
trains [leave] from embsay at half-hourly intervals from 10.30 am until 4.00 pm .

When the directors consider that it is essential for some reason to depart from these fundamental accounting principles a note must be included in the accounts stating the nature of the departure , the reason for it , and its effect .
when the directors consider that it is essential for some reason to [leave] from these fundamental accounting principles a note must be included in the accounts stating the nature of the departure , the reason for it , and its effect .

Try to depart from your model trial just sufficiently to prevent counsel using the same speeches and the same questions to witnesses .
try to [leave] from your model trial just sufficiently to prevent counsel using the same speeches and the same questions to witnesses .

The likelihood is that a modern Prime Minister would depart from the recommendations of the Lord Chancellor only in the most exceptional case .
the likelihood is that a modern prime minister would [leave] from the recommendations of the lord chancellor only in the most exceptional case .

Similarly , when life sentences are reviewed , the trial judge makes a recommendation to the parole board but complaints have been made that too frequently junior Ministers in the Home Office depart from the recommendation , usually by increasing the length of the period of imprisonment .
similarly , when life sentences are reviewed , the trial judge makes a recommendation to the parole board but complaints have been made that too frequently junior ministers in the home office [leave] from the recommendation , usually by increasing the length of the period of imprisonment .

However Lord Denning was quick to point out that although local authorities had to have regard to the Code , they could depart from it if they thought fit .
however lord denning was quick to point out that although local authorities had to have regard to the code , they could [leave] from it if they thought fit .

After he had taken his fill and sampled everything , he would then collect a jug of ale from the pantry and depart along the hallway with the tap-tap of his walking cane making an ominous rhythm on the tiled floor ; the sound becoming muffled as he made the difficult journey up the wide ornate staircase to his bedroom .
after he had taken his fill and sampled everything , he would then collect a jug of ale from the pantry and [leave] along the hallway with the tap-tap of his walking cane making an ominous rhythm on the tiled floor ; the sound becoming muffled as he made the difficult journey up the wide ornate staircase to his bedroom .

If the duty is framed in subjective terms , as we have seen , the practical effect is not to impose a duty but to confer a discretion and hence a management which is not disposed to sacrifice profits ( or otherwise depart from its chosen course ) in order to advance other interests will not be compelled to alter its behaviour .
if the duty is framed in subjective terms , as we have seen , the practical effect is not to impose a duty but to confer a discretion and hence a management which is not disposed to sacrifice profits ( or otherwise [leave] from its chosen course ) in order to advance other interests will not be compelled to alter its behaviour .

He walked to Hause Point twice a day and apart from that … he wrote one or two letters and delighted her father by franking one of his ; he waited for him to get a full free day so that they could go char fishing ; he declined all invitations and although he was irreproachably welcoming when Mr Skelton and his daughter made a surprise detour on one of their visits up the valley from Lorton to call in at the Fish , Mary thought that she could tell that he was happier to see them depart than he had been to see them arrive .
he walked to hause point twice a day and apart from that … he wrote one or two letters and delighted her father by franking one of his ; he waited for him to get a full free day so that they could go char fishing ; he declined all invitations and although he was irreproachably welcoming when mr skelton and his daughter made a surprise detour on one of their visits up the valley from lorton to call in at the fish , mary thought that she could tell that he was happier to see them [leave] than he had been to see them arrive .

Expatriates , who between the wars numbered 80,000 in a city of half a million , began to depart .
expatriates , who between the wars numbered 80,000 in a city of half a million , began to [leave] .

We had taken a taxi to the Sharia el-Azhar from where the buses depart .
we had taken a taxi to the sharia el-azhar from where the buses [leave] .

Over the following days between attacks he managed to pen his brilliant fifteen-page paper called `` On the Tendency of Varieties to Depart Indefinitely from the Original Type `` , and mailed it to Darwin , whom he had never met , with shy requests for his comments .
over the following days between attacks he managed to pen his brilliant fifteen-page paper called `` on the tendency of varieties to [leave] indefinitely from the original type `` , and mailed it to darwin , whom he had never met , with shy requests for his comments .

The Javanese dignitaries , who would have disapproved of the suggestion , were already stirring to depart in their jeeps for Makassar to catch their plane home .
the javanese dignitaries , who would have disapproved of the suggestion , were already stirring to [leave] in their jeeps for makassar to catch their plane home .

We had failed to locate a single prahu master , or `` nakoda `` , who had been anywhere near them , or had the slightest interest in doing so , and it was now so late in the west monsoon that there only remained another six weeks before we would no longer be able to depart without risking the winds dying and starting to reverse themselves before we had reached our destination .
we had failed to locate a single prahu master , or `` nakoda `` , who had been anywhere near them , or had the slightest interest in doing so , and it was now so late in the west monsoon that there only remained another six weeks before we would no longer be able to [leave] without risking the winds dying and starting to reverse themselves before we had reached our destination .

We were to witness a different and more promising sacrifice only after we had spent many patient weeks in Bira , when a white cock and a black goat were ritually slaughtered in Sinar Surya 's hull , signifying that at last we were about to depart .
we were to witness a different and more promising sacrifice only after we had spent many patient weeks in bira , when a white cock and a black goat were ritually slaughtered in sinar surya 's hull , signifying that at last we were about to [leave] .

Lawrence must be regarded as authoritative and correct , and there is no question of it now being right to depart from it .
lawrence must be regarded as authoritative and correct , and there is no question of it now being right to [leave] from it .

The directors may depart from statutory requirements if they would prevent the accounts from showing a true and fair view .
the directors may [leave] from statutory requirements if they would prevent the accounts from showing a true and fair view .

The issue in Gallagher was not whether an appellant could raise a non-certified point but whether the House itself could depart from the certified question and address what it took to be the true question arising .
the issue in gallagher was not whether an appellant could raise a non-certified point but whether the house itself could [leave] from the certified question and address what it took to be the true question arising .

Often simple tunes are ‘ showcased ’ harmonically and texturally , with elaborate introductions , interludes and codas , and clever instrumental interplay ; often , too , syncopation is applied rather mechanically and ‘ dirty ’ effects take a clichéd form ( for instance grass ‘ growls ’ and glissandos ) ; most dance-band ‘ improvised ’ solos are , as Adorno points out , improvised in only a very limited sense : they use stock patterns and depart very little from the written tune , and then by way of ‘ spicy ’ effects rather than inventive melodic construction .
often simple tunes are ‘ showcased ’ harmonically and texturally , with elaborate introductions , interludes and codas , and clever instrumental interplay ; often , too , syncopation is applied rather mechanically and ‘ dirty ’ effects take a clichéd form ( for instance grass ‘ growls ’ and glissandos ) ; most dance-band ‘ improvised ’ solos are , as adorno points out , improvised in only a very limited sense : they use stock patterns and [leave] very little from the written tune , and then by way of ‘ spicy ’ effects rather than inventive melodic construction .

Neither the post-Stalin ‘ thaw ’ , nor as yet Gorbachev 's perestroika , has led the historical establishment to depart from the basic propositions of the Marxist-Leninist interpretation .
neither the post-stalin ‘ thaw ’ , nor as yet gorbachev 's perestroika , has led the historical establishment to [leave] from the basic propositions of the marxist-leninist interpretation .

We would take some convincing that it can be right to depart from it by punishing more harshly than an offender ‘ deserves ’ on a standard tariff , for example by sentencing an offender to an exceptionally long custodial sentence for purposes of reform or incapacitation .
we would take some convincing that it can be right to [leave] from it by punishing more harshly than an offender ‘ deserves ’ on a standard tariff , for example by sentencing an offender to an exceptionally long custodial sentence for purposes of reform or incapacitation .

However , the guide-lines normally only provide a starting-point , which the sentencer is free to depart from if this is regarded as appropriate , and provided reasons are given for doing so .
however , the guide-lines normally only provide a starting-point , which the sentencer is free to [leave] from if this is regarded as appropriate , and provided reasons are given for doing so .

The evidence on the extent to which actual index futures prices depart from the values predicted by the no-arbitrage condition generally supports the view that economically significant departures do exist .
the evidence on the extent to which actual index futures prices [leave] from the values predicted by the no-arbitrage condition generally supports the view that economically significant departures do exist .

All flights depart from Heathrow .
all flights [leave] from heathrow .

The two-night tour will depart from Stansted Airport on Wednesday 6th October .
the two-night tour will [leave] from stansted airport on wednesday 6th october .

In Scotland the Social Work ( Scotland ) Act of 1968 had already created integrated ‘ social work depart ments ’ , in that case including the probation officers , who remained in a separate service independent of local government in England and Wales .
in scotland the social work ( scotland ) act of 1968 had already created integrated ‘ social work [leave] ments ’ , in that case including the probation officers , who remained in a separate service independent of local government in england and wales .

It 's not unknown for a big-name guru to sail into a company , unsettle and antagonize middle management and then depart , leaving a serious morale problem for senior managers to mop up .
it 's not unknown for a big-name guru to sail into a company , unsettle and antagonize middle management and then [leave] , leaving a serious morale problem for senior managers to mop up .

It now seems clearly established that the Court of Appeal may only depart from one of its own previous decisions in four circumstances .
it now seems clearly established that the court of appeal may only [leave] from one of its own previous decisions in four circumstances .

It was always envisaged that the House of Lords would use the freedom to depart from its own previous decisions sparingly , but in the years following the Practice Statement the potential impact of the new freedom was narrowed by the addition of a series of riders .
it was always envisaged that the house of lords would use the freedom to [leave] from its own previous decisions sparingly , but in the years following the practice statement the potential impact of the new freedom was narrowed by the addition of a series of riders .

There are cases where participants depart from the plans and conventions , of course .
there are cases where participants [leave] from the plans and conventions , of course .

But some at least remain in the animals ' stomachs and guts long enough for them to be carried away when the sated diners depart .
but some at least remain in the animals ' stomachs and guts long enough for them to be carried away when the sated diners [leave] .

‘ The local authority may depart from the terms of any order under section 34 … by agreement between the local authority and the person in relation to whom the order is made …
‘ the local authority may [leave] from the terms of any order under section 34 … by agreement between the local authority and the person in relation to whom the order is made …

It is said that it would be wrong that the justices should be put in a position of making an order on the merits of the case that there should be no contact , when the next day the local authority and the parent could depart from that order .
it is said that it would be wrong that the justices should be put in a position of making an order on the merits of the case that there should be no contact , when the next day the local authority and the parent could [leave] from that order .

Prisons — Prisoners ' rights — Release on licence — First review date for prisoner serving mandatory life sentence — Secretary of State fixing period for retribution and deterrence after consultation with judiciary — Whether Secretary of State entitled to depart from judicial recommendation — Whether prisoner to be informed of judicial recommendation — Whether prisoners entitled to make representations to Secretary of State before period fixed — Criminal Justice Act 1967 ( c. 80 ) , s. 61(1)
prisons — prisoners ' rights — release on licence — first review date for prisoner serving mandatory life sentence — secretary of state fixing period for retribution and deterrence after consultation with judiciary — whether secretary of state entitled to [leave] from judicial recommendation — whether prisoner to be informed of judicial recommendation — whether prisoners entitled to make representations to secretary of state before period fixed — criminal justice act 1967 ( c. 80 ) , s. 61(1)

The court rejected this proposition , but went on to consider whether the Secretary of State could justifiably depart from the judicial view on tariff .
the court rejected this proposition , but went on to consider whether the secretary of state could justifiably [leave] from the judicial view on tariff .

Since the same policy is now given statutory expression in section 34 of the Criminal Justice Act 1991 , which will come into force on 1 October 1992 , he will presumably not seek to depart from this policy in the meantime .
since the same policy is now given statutory expression in section 34 of the criminal justice act 1991 , which will come into force on 1 october 1992 , he will presumably not seek to [leave] from this policy in the meantime .

‘ what a mortgagee is entitled to is that which is covered by the words ‘ costs charges and expenses properly incurred , ’ and it is for the taxing masters to say what these are … if the parties desire to depart from such a rule , they must express themselves in plain and unequivocal language .
‘ what a mortgagee is entitled to is that which is covered by the words ‘ costs charges and expenses properly incurred , ’ and it is for the taxing masters to say what these are … if the parties desire to [leave] from such a rule , they must express themselves in plain and unequivocal language .

Since the defence must be given a copy of the statement of a proposed witness who has not made a deposition , it must follow that , if a Crown witness 's evidence is intended to depart significantly from his deposition and to be based on his statement to the police , it is the duty of the Crown to give the defence a copy of that statement in advance of the hearing .
since the defence must be given a copy of the statement of a proposed witness who has not made a deposition , it must follow that , if a crown witness 's evidence is intended to [leave] significantly from his deposition and to be based on his statement to the police , it is the duty of the crown to give the defence a copy of that statement in advance of the hearing .

That would have the advantages of specifying with precision what the parties have agreed , thus avoiding misunderstanding , and of enabling the justices to define with greater precision points at which they may have tentatively determined to depart from the agreed proposals ( post , pp .
that would have the advantages of specifying with precision what the parties have agreed , thus avoiding misunderstanding , and of enabling the justices to define with greater precision points at which they may have tentatively determined to [leave] from the agreed proposals ( post , pp .

He had not wanted the Shah to depart .
he had not wanted the shah to [leave] .

Sometimes on progresses through the country she would depart from her official schedule and visit some village that had not been sanitized in advance .
sometimes on progresses through the country she would [leave] from her official schedule and visit some village that had not been sanitized in advance .

As a recipient of the Delfina Trust Award , Anne-Marie Creamer has worked at Delfina Studios in Stratford , East London , since graduating in 1990 from the painting depart of the Royal College of Art .
as a recipient of the delfina trust award , anne-marie creamer has worked at delfina studios in stratford , east london , since graduating in 1990 from the painting [leave] of the royal college of art .

One or more females will then lay their eggs on these stems and promptly depart , leaving the male to fan the eggs with his fins , and to defend them against other fish .
one or more females will then lay their eggs on these stems and promptly [leave] , leaving the male to fan the eggs with his fins , and to defend them against other fish .

The perch 's efforts are often disrupted though , by an invasion he is powerless to repel — mass spawning schools of up to 20 minnows Pungtungia herzi can descend on his territory , lay their eggs alongside his , and then depart .
the perch 's efforts are often disrupted though , by an invasion he is powerless to repel — mass spawning schools of up to 20 minnows pungtungia herzi can descend on his territory , lay their eggs alongside his , and then [leave] .

They depart from the perspective of the constitutional authorities , however , in their advocacy of proposals for devolved and decentralised government , and for more open government .
they [leave] from the perspective of the constitutional authorities , however , in their advocacy of proposals for devolved and decentralised government , and for more open government .

The development of fairness within our jurisprudence has not as yet caused us to depart from the adjudicative framework within which we operate .
the development of fairness within our jurisprudence has not as yet caused us to [leave] from the adjudicative framework within which we operate .

Thérèse and Léonie watched them depart .
thérèse and léonie watched them [leave] .

They were to depart from the Western Gate .
they were to [leave] from the western gate .

There was more of the same before Alexei and Jotan were allowed to depart , but further enquiry into the matter was not mentioned , and it was as if Artai had lost interest .
there was more of the same before alexei and jotan were allowed to [leave] , but further enquiry into the matter was not mentioned , and it was as if artai had lost interest .

They would depart in the spring , to avoid the malarial menace of the later seasons .
they would [leave] in the spring , to avoid the malarial menace of the later seasons .

With the complexions of their previously pimpled damsels well-polished by the sulphur bath , they depart the luxury of Harrogate for the homeliness of Manchester .
with the complexions of their previously pimpled damsels well-polished by the sulphur bath , they [leave] the luxury of harrogate for the homeliness of manchester .

‘ Oh , never with any heart to deprive you , ’ protested Herluin , ‘ but in compassion for a monastic house brought to ruin might she not feel bound to exert herself to deliver ? Trusting to your generosity to respect the need , and add to your alms already given the power and grace she could bestow ? For certain it is that she did leave your enclave with my men , and with them took the road to Ramsey . Why so , if she had no wish to depart from you , and none to come and abide with us ? ’
‘ oh , never with any heart to deprive you , ’ protested herluin , ‘ but in compassion for a monastic house brought to ruin might she not feel bound to exert herself to deliver ? trusting to your generosity to respect the need , and add to your alms already given the power and grace she could bestow ? for certain it is that she did leave your enclave with my men , and with them took the road to ramsey . why so , if she had no wish to [leave] from you , and none to come and abide with us ? ’

This sense of the need to depart from the past was reinforced by a prevailing sense of gloom in certain intellectual quarters about the city ; over time this informed the professions of architecture and town planning in particular .
this sense of the need to [leave] from the past was reinforced by a prevailing sense of gloom in certain intellectual quarters about the city ; over time this informed the professions of architecture and town planning in particular .

Only at the end of a very long career did he occasionally depart from the highest standards of restrained good taste .
only at the end of a very long career did he occasionally [leave] from the highest standards of restrained good taste .

In June 1391 Swinderby appeared before Trefnant , and produced a justification of his position on the articles in the Buckingham condemnation and other charges ; because of a safe conduct , he was allowed to depart unharmed .
in june 1391 swinderby appeared before trefnant , and produced a justification of his position on the articles in the buckingham condemnation and other charges ; because of a safe conduct , he was allowed to [leave] unharmed .

And if , in special circumstances , compliance with a provision of the Schedules would be inconsistent with the requirement to give a true and fair view the directors must depart from that provision to the extent necessary , giving , in a note to the accounts , particulars of the departure and the reasons for , and effect of , it .
and if , in special circumstances , compliance with a provision of the schedules would be inconsistent with the requirement to give a true and fair view the directors must [leave] from that provision to the extent necessary , giving , in a note to the accounts , particulars of the departure and the reasons for , and effect of , it .

The section applies to ‘ presenters ’ and ‘ directors , ’ but not to actors unless the latter depart from the script , in which case they become ‘ directors ’ for the purposes of the Act .
the section applies to ‘ presenters ’ and ‘ directors , ’ but not to actors unless the latter [leave] from the script , in which case they become ‘ directors ’ for the purposes of the act .

But Moscow remains unwilling to depart from the Vietnamese conception of a settlement .
but moscow remains unwilling to [leave] from the vietnamese conception of a settlement .

Structural surfaces within the sill seem to be stripped until they depart too much from the equilibrium erosion profile , at which stage the marine bench seems to step up to a slightly higher structural surface .
structural surfaces within the sill seem to be stripped until they [leave] too much from the equilibrium erosion profile , at which stage the marine bench seems to step up to a slightly higher structural surface .

As was seen in Chapter 5 the form of a graded river approaches a concave curve as a rule , though it may depart from it under certain circumstances .
as was seen in chapter 5 the form of a graded river approaches a concave curve as a rule , though it may [leave] from it under certain circumstances .

The Law Society was striking various poses in 1968 and 1969 , but from apparently implacable opposition to the original scheme of salaried solicitors contemplated in the 1949 Act ( to depart from the alternative system adopted in 1959 would be ‘ a serious mistake ’ ) and the proposals of Justice for All , it moved to acceptance of salaried solicitors as part of its own proposals for an Advisory Liaison Service .
the law society was striking various poses in 1968 and 1969 , but from apparently implacable opposition to the original scheme of salaried solicitors contemplated in the 1949 act ( to [leave] from the alternative system adopted in 1959 would be ‘ a serious mistake ’ ) and the proposals of justice for all , it moved to acceptance of salaried solicitors as part of its own proposals for an advisory liaison service .

The pride and joy of our defence is not about to depart Elland Road for the scum and cause mass calls for Wilko 's immediate resignation .
the pride and joy of our defence is not about to [leave] elland road for the scum and cause mass calls for wilko 's immediate resignation .

The sale of Speed or Macca would be unforgivable by the board or Wilko should either of these two depart then the club would face a wholesale revolt .
the sale of speed or macca would be unforgivable by the board or wilko should either of these two [leave] then the club would face a wholesale revolt .

The Greek , satisfied with the effect of his story , rose from his seat , shook hands all round and prepared to depart .
the greek , satisfied with the effect of his story , rose from his seat , shook hands all round and prepared to [leave] .

The party was about to depart when the mother of the dead girl noticed that the earth over the entrance to the tomb had been disturbed , and when she looked more closely she saw that one of the roofing stones had been moved .
the party was about to [leave] when the mother of the dead girl noticed that the earth over the entrance to the tomb had been disturbed , and when she looked more closely she saw that one of the roofing stones had been moved .

In 1979 a French guidebook described Great Britain as ‘ the only place in the world which allows you to depart from this planet without really leaving it .
in 1979 a french guidebook described great britain as ‘ the only place in the world which allows you to [leave] from this planet without really leaving it .

In the partnership agreement itself it should perhaps not be made too easy for partners to leave , though in practice , of course , an unhappy or unsatisfied partner is a liability whom the firm will usually want to see depart at the earliest convenient time .
in the partnership agreement itself it should perhaps not be made too easy for partners to leave , though in practice , of course , an unhappy or unsatisfied partner is a liability whom the firm will usually want to see [leave] at the earliest convenient time .

Plainly there are different degrees of misbehaviour and the partners will not readily resort to the extreme sanction of expulsion , but it is in the interests of the firm that a tendency to depart from proper professional standards be investigated and warnings handed down at an early stage before serious harm is done .
plainly there are different degrees of misbehaviour and the partners will not readily resort to the extreme sanction of expulsion , but it is in the interests of the firm that a tendency to [leave] from proper professional standards be investigated and warnings handed down at an early stage before serious harm is done .

If judges carry out their duty of assessing damages for non-economic loss in the money of the day at the date of the trial — and this is a rule of practice that judges are required to follow , not a guideline from which they have a discretion to depart if there are special circumstances that justify their doing so — there are two routes by which the judge 's task of arriving at the appropriate conventional rate of interest to be applied to the damages so assessed can be approached .
if judges carry out their duty of assessing damages for non-economic loss in the money of the day at the date of the trial — and this is a rule of practice that judges are required to follow , not a guideline from which they have a discretion to [leave] if there are special circumstances that justify their doing so — there are two routes by which the judge 's task of arriving at the appropriate conventional rate of interest to be applied to the damages so assessed can be approached .

As we shall see , authors vary the handling of reported speech in many ways which depart from the forms which speakers commonly use and children commonly hear .
as we shall see , authors vary the handling of reported speech in many ways which [leave] from the forms which speakers commonly use and children commonly hear .

He always required an underlying form from which he could then depart , just as he tended to use a literary `` model `` from which he could derive a manner and a tone .
he always required an underlying form from which he could then [leave] , just as he tended to use a literary `` model `` from which he could derive a manner and a tone .

Only the House of Lords , acting as the Supreme Court of Appeal , has the right to depart from its own previous decisions ; and this right would be exercised only in unusual and exceptional circumstances .
only the house of lords , acting as the supreme court of appeal , has the right to [leave] from its own previous decisions ; and this right would be exercised only in unusual and exceptional circumstances .

" You must go back , " he whispered at length , and they stood up and prepared to depart .
" you must go back , " he whispered at length , and they stood up and prepared to [leave] .

The recognition that a text may set up its own secondary norms leads to a further conclusion , that features of language within that text may depart from the norms of the text itself : that is , they may `` stand out `` against the background of what the text has led us to expect .
the recognition that a text may set up its own secondary norms leads to a further conclusion , that features of language within that text may [leave] from the norms of the text itself : that is , they may `` stand out `` against the background of what the text has led us to expect .

Depart from your chosen airport on morning scheduled flight ( see price panel for timings ) to Amsterdam Schiphol Airport .
[leave] from your chosen airport on morning scheduled flight ( see price panel for timings ) to amsterdam schiphol airport .

Depart by rail from The Hague station for the 45 minute journey to Amsterdam Central Station ( included on your holiday ) .
[leave] by rail from the hague station for the 45 minute journey to amsterdam central station ( included on your holiday ) .

The majority of holiday flights depart and arrive on schedule .
the majority of holiday flights [leave] and arrive on schedule .

Depart from Bangkok by air-conditioned bus to visit Ayudhya , the former capital of Thailand .
[leave] from bangkok by air-conditioned bus to visit ayudhya , the former capital of thailand .

Depart for Ko Kah to see Wat Phra Dhat Lampang Luang housing the only Emerald Buddha besides the one in Wat Phra Keo in Bangkok .
[leave] for ko kah to see wat phra dhat lampang luang housing the only emerald buddha besides the one in wat phra keo in bangkok .

Depart Chiang Mai for the Mae Saa Valley and visit an elephants ' working camp .
[leave] chiang mai for the mae saa valley and visit an elephants ' working camp .

After lunch depart by boat for a five-hour journey down the Kok river , passing tiny hilltribe villages , bamboo huts and jungle .
after lunch [leave] by boat for a five-hour journey down the kok river , passing tiny hilltribe villages , bamboo huts and jungle .

Depart London Heathrow by scheduled flight to Delhi .
[leave] london heathrow by scheduled flight to delhi .

Depart London Heathrow by British Airways scheduled flight to Delhi .
[leave] london heathrow by british airways scheduled flight to delhi .

Depart to Agra visiting en route the deserted city of Fatehpur Sikri built by Emperor Akbar in 1569 .
[leave] to agra visiting en route the deserted city of fatehpur sikri built by emperor akbar in 1569 .

Depart London by scheduled flight for Delhi .
[leave] london by scheduled flight for delhi .

Depart London
[leave] london

After breakfast , depart to Samburu for two nights .
after breakfast , [leave] to samburu for two nights .

After breakfast , depart for the Lake Baringo Club , Lake Baringo , for two nights .
after breakfast , [leave] for the lake baringo club , lake baringo , for two nights .

Depart London .
[leave] london .

Depart Mombasa on a homeward bound flight , arriving in London early evening .
[leave] mombasa on a homeward bound flight , arriving in london early evening .

Depart from London Gatwick on your flight to Luxor .
[leave] from london gatwick on your flight to luxor .

Depart from London .
[leave] from london .

If you book and pay for your car hire before you depart , Sovereign can offer you excellent savings on local resort prices .
if you book and pay for your car hire before you [leave] , sovereign can offer you excellent savings on local resort prices .

Depart London for Los Angeles .
[leave] london for los angeles .

If you book and pay for your car hire before you depart , Sovereign can offer you excellent savings on local resort prices .
if you book and pay for your car hire before you [leave] , sovereign can offer you excellent savings on local resort prices .

Depart London for Los Angeles .
[leave] london for los angeles .

Depart London for New York .
[leave] london for new york .

Depart Montreal for the capital of Canada , Ottawa .
[leave] montreal for the capital of canada , ottawa .

Depart London for Toronto , where you should make your own way to the Delta Chelsea Inn .
[leave] london for toronto , where you should make your own way to the delta chelsea inn .

Depart London for Calgary and make your own way to the Delta Bow Valley Inn , where you will be contacted our tour representative .
[leave] london for calgary and make your own way to the delta bow valley inn , where you will be contacted our tour representative .

Two days later , we had packed up our rucksacks , weapons , ammunition , heavy machine guns , camp beds , field stoves and stores and were ready to depart .
two days later , we had packed up our rucksacks , weapons , ammunition , heavy machine guns , camp beds , field stoves and stores and were ready to [leave] .

It was partly because of this experience that he had no hesitation in supporting wholeheartedly the Roskill recommendation to depart from the principle of jury trial in complex fraud cases , against the ( ultimately successful ) Home Office view advocated by Hurd .
it was partly because of this experience that he had no hesitation in supporting wholeheartedly the roskill recommendation to [leave] from the principle of jury trial in complex fraud cases , against the ( ultimately successful ) home office view advocated by hurd .

It is at this stage that suddenly the chorus of advice dies away and the armies of theoreticians depart .
it is at this stage that suddenly the chorus of advice dies away and the armies of theoreticians [leave] .

Travel agents and tour operators often make back to back reservations which means that certain accommodation is booked over a period of time and as one group of guests depart another group takes their place .
travel agents and tour operators often make back to back reservations which means that certain accommodation is booked over a period of time and as one group of guests [leave] another group takes their place .

It is essential that all departments are notified in advance of guests due to arrive and those due to depart .
it is essential that all departments are notified in advance of guests due to arrive and those due to [leave] .

Where travellers are provided with food and drink and fail to pay before they depart from the premises , they may be charged with a criminal offence ( making off without payment ) contrary to s.3 ( 1 ) of the Theft Act 1978 .
where travellers are provided with food and drink and fail to pay before they [leave] from the premises , they may be charged with a criminal offence ( making off without payment ) contrary to s.3 ( 1 ) of the theft act 1978 .

Fred would listen patiently until he could stand no more and then depart to the small back yard , where he sat on an upturned tea-chest and vowed that one day he would forget how efficient his kitchen hand was and just do away with her .
fred would listen patiently until he could stand no more and then [leave] to the small back yard , where he sat on an upturned tea-chest and vowed that one day he would forget how efficient his kitchen hand was and just do away with her .

St Ambrose accordingly wrote a prayer to guard against them : Procul recedent somnia Let dreams and nocturnal Et noctium phantasmata Phantasies depart far away , Hostemque nostrum comprime , And suppress our enemy Ne polluantur corpora .
st ambrose accordingly wrote a prayer to guard against them : procul recedent somnia let dreams and nocturnal et noctium phantasmata phantasies [leave] far away , hostemque nostrum comprime , and suppress our enemy ne polluantur corpora .

And Uncle Fred would depart reluctantly with a chicken as payment from a grateful `` patient `` .
and uncle fred would [leave] reluctantly with a chicken as payment from a grateful `` patient `` .

Andrew was n't sorry to see his future mother-in-law depart .
andrew was n't sorry to see his future mother-in-law [leave] .

It is therefore necessary to depart quite sharply from conventional postwar wisdom about the pre-war years — a wisdom that rests on the twin myths of firm punishment in the courts , going hand-in-hand with little or no crime and an untroubled youth — and to state a rather different version of events .
it is therefore necessary to [leave] quite sharply from conventional postwar wisdom about the pre-war years — a wisdom that rests on the twin myths of firm punishment in the courts , going hand-in-hand with little or no crime and an untroubled youth — and to state a rather different version of events .

The sequence , as it is described , inevitably raises questions . Why , most obviously , if Judas is determined as his master 's betrayer , is he allowed to depart on his mission of treachery ? Why is he not restrained — by Simon Peter , for example , who , only a short time later , is not only armed , but also sufficiently violent to attack an attendant of the High Priest ? Why are some other precautions not taken ?
the sequence , as it is described , inevitably raises questions . why , most obviously , if judas is determined as his master 's betrayer , is he allowed to [leave] on his mission of treachery ? why is he not restrained — by simon peter , for example , who , only a short time later , is not only armed , but also sufficiently violent to attack an attendant of the high priest ? why are some other precautions not taken ?

The trips run from Friday to Monday and are scheduled to depart on 12 June , and 16 October ‘ 92 .
the trips run from friday to monday and are scheduled to [leave] on 12 june , and 16 october ‘ 92 .

Day Seven : Time for a lie-in and time at leisure , until you depart by first-class rail for Zurich airport and your scheduled flight home to London Heathrow .
day seven : time for a lie-in and time at leisure , until you [leave] by first-class rail for zurich airport and your scheduled flight home to london heathrow .

From here you depart at 5.30pm and head up the Moselle for overnight mooring at Aiken a delightful wine village overlooked by the Thurant Castle .
from here you [leave] at 5.30pm and head up the moselle for overnight mooring at aiken a delightful wine village overlooked by the thurant castle .

All cruises depart from West Quay , Brighton Marina ( car parking provided ) .
all cruises [leave] from west quay , brighton marina ( car parking provided ) .

Depart London Heathrow for Pisa , where your hire car awaits you at the airport .
[leave] london heathrow for pisa , where your hire car awaits you at the airport .

Depart Leon Bianco and drive to the Tre Esse Country House in Assisi .
[leave] leon bianco and drive to the tre esse country house in assisi .

The tumult and the shouting dies The Captains and the Kings depart .
the tumult and the shouting dies the captains and the kings [leave] .

The catering personnel were taking the opportunity to depart via the fire exits .
the catering personnel were taking the opportunity to [leave] via the fire exits .

She had been known to storm off sometimes , to take violent umbrage and depart .
she had been known to storm off sometimes , to take violent umbrage and [leave] .

Indian-Pacific trains between Perth and Sydney depart three times a week in either direction .
indian-pacific trains between perth and sydney [leave] three times a week in either direction .

‘ It often happens that one who at first was listening gladly becomes exhausted and now opens his mouth no longer to give assent but to yawn , and even involuntarily gives signs that he wants to depart .
‘ it often happens that one who at first was listening gladly becomes exhausted and now opens his mouth no longer to give assent but to yawn , and even involuntarily gives signs that he wants to [leave] .

The methods used will depart from classic class based analyses of inequalities in health by using age and cause specific mortality rates for both sexes to look historically at the relationship between patterns of disease , standards of living , eating , drinking and smoking habits , and health service inputs .
the methods used will [leave] from classic class based analyses of inequalities in health by using age and cause specific mortality rates for both sexes to look historically at the relationship between patterns of disease , standards of living , eating , drinking and smoking habits , and health service inputs .

Magnetic saturation causes the torque/current and torque/position characteristic to depart from the `` ideal `` linear and sinusoidal relationships , but this problem can be counter-acted by adjusting the winding current levels to give uniform mini-steps .
magnetic saturation causes the torque/current and torque/position characteristic to [leave] from the `` ideal `` linear and sinusoidal relationships , but this problem can be counter-acted by adjusting the winding current levels to give uniform mini-steps .

But writing the first edition in the midst of the Common Market discussions of 1972 , it seemed appropriate to remark that Britain decided some 200 million years ago to remain with Europe rather than depart with North America .
but writing the first edition in the midst of the common market discussions of 1972 , it seemed appropriate to remark that britain decided some 200 million years ago to remain with europe rather than [leave] with north america .

‘ Getting everything up to date before you depart ?
‘ getting everything up to date before you [leave] ?

Theodora made ready to depart .
theodora made ready to [leave] .

She found the most sensible shoes she had and prepared to depart , rushing back at the last minute to snatch up a loose shirt and shrug into it .
she found the most sensible shoes she had and prepared to [leave] , rushing back at the last minute to snatch up a loose shirt and shrug into it .

She wished with all her heart that she could turn around and go back , depart from this unprepossessing , even frightening place before ever she discovered what awaited her within its mouldering walls .
she wished with all her heart that she could turn around and go back , [leave] from this unprepossessing , even frightening place before ever she discovered what awaited her within its mouldering walls .

‘ After you , Mademoiselle Bryant , ’ he insisted harshly , waiting with ill-concealed impatience and obviously wanting to speak his mind and depart swiftly .
‘ after you , mademoiselle bryant , ’ he insisted harshly , waiting with ill-concealed impatience and obviously wanting to speak his mind and [leave] swiftly .

‘ The family situation became so bad that we had to depart .
‘ the family situation became so bad that we had to [leave] .

On the cost side , we depart from the earlier assumption of constant returns to scale .
on the cost side , we [leave] from the earlier assumption of constant returns to scale .

This in turn causes the change in relative prices to depart from unless .
this in turn causes the change in relative prices to [leave] from unless .

The mysterious messenger , Corbett surmised , must have been a very nimble young man to scale that , leave a message and depart .
the mysterious messenger , corbett surmised , must have been a very nimble young man to scale that , leave a message and [leave] .

If , however , subjects optimized but were not risk-neutral ( and hence maximized expected utility rather than expected profits ) , then their strategy would depart from that described below by an amount which depended on the degree of their risk-aversion or risk-loving .
if , however , subjects optimized but were not risk-neutral ( and hence maximized expected utility rather than expected profits ) , then their strategy would [leave] from that described below by an amount which depended on the degree of their risk-aversion or risk-loving .

Moreover , if they were not expected utility maximizers ( but instead , say , behaved in accordance with Regret Theory or Prospect Theory ) , then their behaviour would depart yet further from the strategy described below .
moreover , if they were not expected utility maximizers ( but instead , say , behaved in accordance with regret theory or prospect theory ) , then their behaviour would [leave] yet further from the strategy described below .

Behaviour would appear to depart from that predicted by the optimality theory .
behaviour would appear to [leave] from that predicted by the optimality theory .

The old destrier was saddled and ready to depart .
the old destrier was saddled and ready to [leave] .

The rush-hour crowds had thinned and he was alone now on the bench , but in no hurry to depart .
the rush-hour crowds had thinned and he was alone now on the bench , but in no hurry to [leave] .

The two young sergeants watched their seniors depart .
the two young sergeants watched their seniors [leave] .

In the kitchen the two cooks were preparing to depart .
in the kitchen the two cooks were preparing to [leave] .

It was three thirty in the morning before they were all allowed to depart .
it was three thirty in the morning before they were all allowed to [leave] .

The shriek that went up as she sank back on to a wicker sofa drumming her heels on the ground and yelling and shouting that she wished he were dead , and that she 'd been dishonoured , made him quite alarmed . Should he depart ?
the shriek that went up as she sank back on to a wicker sofa drumming her heels on the ground and yelling and shouting that she wished he were dead , and that she 'd been dishonoured , made him quite alarmed . should he [leave] ?

She paid her account at the Imperial Hotel , and with her maid staggering under six hatboxes followed by a small procession of luggage borne by sturdy footmen , she climbed into a victoria to depart for the railway station .
she paid her account at the imperial hotel , and with her maid staggering under six hatboxes followed by a small procession of luggage borne by sturdy footmen , she climbed into a victoria to [leave] for the railway station .

To depart substantially from them invites question unless it can be demonstrated that such departure conforms to accepted practice by rational analysis .
to [leave] substantially from them invites question unless it can be demonstrated that such departure conforms to accepted practice by rational analysis .

You will depart from Heathrow on a scheduled Kenya Airways flight to Mombasa via Nairobi where you will be met by the Kuoni representative and transferred to the Travellers Beach Hotel .
you will [leave] from heathrow on a scheduled kenya airways flight to mombasa via nairobi where you will be met by the kuoni representative and transferred to the travellers beach hotel .

You will depart from Heathrow on a Thai International flight to Bangkok where you will be met by the Kuoni representative and transferred to the Jade Pavilion Hotel for your three night stay .
you will [leave] from heathrow on a thai international flight to bangkok where you will be met by the kuoni representative and transferred to the jade pavilion hotel for your three night stay .

On day five you depart by road for the three-and-a-half hour journey to the lively resort of Pattaya at the Gulf of Siam .
on day five you [leave] by road for the three-and-a-half hour journey to the lively resort of pattaya at the gulf of siam .

You depart from Gatwick or Manchester for Luxor where you will be met by the Kuoni representative and transferred to the King Tut which will sail from Luxor or Aswan .
you [leave] from gatwick or manchester for luxor where you will be met by the kuoni representative and transferred to the king tut which will sail from luxor or aswan .

Special offers sweeten the pot for those who wish to depart .
special offers sweeten the pot for those who wish to [leave] .

They have even been known to depart from the Stricter paths of truth Sometimes — in a good cause , of course . ``
they have even been known to [leave] from the stricter paths of truth sometimes — in a good cause , of course . ``

‘ Wives or children may depart , but they stay . ’
‘ wives or children may [leave] , but they stay . ’

In subsequent speeches the same day , Hitler exhorted the Party and nation to maintain discipline , and not to depart from the path of legality in the matter .
in subsequent speeches the same day , hitler exhorted the party and nation to maintain discipline , and not to [leave] from the path of legality in the matter .

Mocking illusions and treacherous visions of grace did not depart with the falling of the leaves .
mocking illusions and treacherous visions of grace did not [leave] with the falling of the leaves .

Lt-Col Lodge and 30 members of the British advance party will depart by air for Belgrade and then travel to the British headquarters in Zagreb next week , with the main contingent travelling by sea in early May .
lt-col lodge and 30 members of the british advance party will [leave] by air for belgrade and then travel to the british headquarters in zagreb next week , with the main contingent travelling by sea in early may .

‘ Many of our recent troubles in retaining and maintaining public confidence might have been less severe and more easily solved if we had not begun to depart from the traditional relationships between ranks , ’ he added .
‘ many of our recent troubles in retaining and maintaining public confidence might have been less severe and more easily solved if we had not begun to [leave] from the traditional relationships between ranks , ’ he added .

The liner will depart from Tilbury on August 31 for a Norwegian fjords cruise which terminates at Liverpool on September 14 .
the liner will [leave] from tilbury on august 31 for a norwegian fjords cruise which terminates at liverpool on september 14 .

The only stipulation is that you arrive and depart from each of your resorts on Friday for Lake Garda , or Saturday for Austria and Lakes Como and Maggiore .
the only stipulation is that you arrive and [leave] from each of your resorts on friday for lake garda , or saturday for austria and lakes como and maggiore .

Depart after breakfast for the stunning scenery of the Tyrol .
[leave] after breakfast for the stunning scenery of the tyrol .

The majority of holiday flights depart and arrive on schedule .
the majority of holiday flights [leave] and arrive on schedule .

The freedom to travel to and from your chosen resort in your own time — as long as you arrive and depart from the resort on the same day as our other clients .
the freedom to travel to and from your chosen resort in your own time — as long as you arrive and [leave] from the resort on the same day as our other clients .

We would like to guarantee that our flights will never be delayed and in fact the vast majority of flights do depart on time .
we would like to guarantee that our flights will never be delayed and in fact the vast majority of flights do [leave] on time .

Nor is there any reason why the Articles of the Company should depart from the pattern of other major companies .
nor is there any reason why the articles of the company should [leave] from the pattern of other major companies .

If they depart in a state of gloom then the chances of improvement are cut by at least half .
if they [leave] in a state of gloom then the chances of improvement are cut by at least half .

Researchers should therefore give more attention to its negative effects on their conduct , especially in the way it requires researchers to make a number of pragmatic compromises which depart from the textbook portrayal of ideal research practice .
researchers should therefore give more attention to its negative effects on their conduct , especially in the way it requires researchers to make a number of pragmatic compromises which [leave] from the textbook portrayal of ideal research practice .

This lucid and candid prose , strong in the detail of a particular time and place , often ignores , and can on occasion seem to depart from , the sense of the literature it embodies .
this lucid and candid prose , strong in the detail of a particular time and place , often ignores , and can on occasion seem to [leave] from , the sense of the literature it embodies .

Obviously , all ministers must have reasonable discretion in such matters , but if they depart from a clear , professional recommendation they must have good reason .
obviously , all ministers must have reasonable discretion in such matters , but if they [leave] from a clear , professional recommendation they must have good reason .

No effort is being spared to ensure that the 1,400 journalists and hundreds of European officials who are expected to invade the capital for the June summit depart with a good impression of Irish hospitality .
no effort is being spared to ensure that the 1,400 journalists and hundreds of european officials who are expected to invade the capital for the june summit [leave] with a good impression of irish hospitality .

When Mr Baker quoted Henry 's words before Agincourt — ‘ He which hath no stomach to this fight , let him depart ’ — it was seen , not as an attack on Labour , but a slight on the Chancellor who had decamped from the conference for Blaby .
when mr baker quoted henry 's words before agincourt — ‘ he which hath no stomach to this fight , let him [leave] ’ — it was seen , not as an attack on labour , but a slight on the chancellor who had decamped from the conference for blaby .

At which , after an ovation , half the audience did depart to hear Michael Heseltine , whose idea of a fringe meeting is to hold it in the Grand Theatre , which is very grand , built 1906 , seats 1,200 , and where Alvin Stardust will head the bill in this year 's pantomime .
at which , after an ovation , half the audience did [leave] to hear michael heseltine , whose idea of a fringe meeting is to hold it in the grand theatre , which is very grand , built 1906 , seats 1,200 , and where alvin stardust will head the bill in this year 's pantomime .

The Home Office is not bound by those opinions , and appears to depart from them frequently .
the home office is not bound by those opinions , and appears to [leave] from them frequently .

Clarissa scrambled into a dress with the help of her motherly dresser and Charles , feeling in the way , prepared to depart .
clarissa scrambled into a dress with the help of her motherly dresser and charles , feeling in the way , prepared to [leave] .

Nothing was left in it except Patrick himself and he had nothing to do now but to depart .
nothing was left in it except patrick himself and he had nothing to do now but to [leave] .

It is seen here , in an now historic view of York station , waiting to depart with the Scarborough Spa Express on 9 July 1986 .
it is seen here , in an now historic view of york station , waiting to [leave] with the scarborough spa express on 9 july 1986 .

Friday : Depart St Pancras .
friday : [leave] st pancras .

Saturday : Depart Stirling for Oban .
saturday : [leave] stirling for oban .

Sunday : Depart Fort William for Mallaig , with a cruise on Loch Nevis followed by a stop for Glenfinnan Monument visit .
sunday : [leave] fort william for mallaig , with a cruise on loch nevis followed by a stop for glenfinnan monument visit .

Depart Fort William for overnight berth at Stirling .
[leave] fort william for overnight berth at stirling .

Monday : Depart Stirling for Edinburgh .
monday : [leave] stirling for edinburgh .

( Hence , notably in ‘ Gerontion ’ , Eliot 's ability to approximate and even conform to Jacobean blank verse , yet to depart from it smoothly when he pleased . )
( hence , notably in ‘ gerontion ’ , eliot 's ability to approximate and even conform to jacobean blank verse , yet to [leave] from it smoothly when he pleased . )

By the end this quartet depart the stage in a halting dance of death and Trevitt is rolled up in a carpet , leaving Bristow alone without partner or diary .
by the end this quartet [leave] the stage in a halting dance of death and trevitt is rolled up in a carpet , leaving bristow alone without partner or diary .

The dancers and music then swell to fill the stage again , ultimately to depart all sorrow spent with the child-like figure lifted high in the hands of one man and carried away out of sight whilst another dancer kneels low in homage as the music resolves the picture into a great Amen .
the dancers and music then swell to fill the stage again , ultimately to [leave] all sorrow spent with the child-like figure lifted high in the hands of one man and carried away out of sight whilst another dancer kneels low in homage as the music resolves the picture into a great amen .

John had taken a faggot from the pile outside the shop and , while he waited for Thomas Pearman to depart on his regular afternoon round , he had cut and whittled the faggot into an easily manageable cudgel .
john had taken a faggot from the pile outside the shop and , while he waited for thomas pearman to [leave] on his regular afternoon round , he had cut and whittled the faggot into an easily manageable cudgel .

The freedom of the Secretary of State to depart from the recommendations of the National Curriculum Council ( to which proposals on attainment targets and programmes of study must be referred ) , as in effect happened in the case of the history curriculum , stands in marked contrast to the restrictions binding teachers under the National Curriculum . The tone of the guidance issued in 1989 suggests little flexibility :
the freedom of the secretary of state to [leave] from the recommendations of the national curriculum council ( to which proposals on attainment targets and programmes of study must be referred ) , as in effect happened in the case of the history curriculum , stands in marked contrast to the restrictions binding teachers under the national curriculum . the tone of the guidance issued in 1989 suggests little flexibility :

Anglers come from all over Britain to fish St John 's and rarely depart unhappily .
anglers come from all over britain to fish st john 's and rarely [leave] unhappily .

In the exercise of his power of arrest , it was perfectly proper for the constable to have taken into account that ‘ there was a greater likelihood … that Mrs Mohammed-Holgate would respond truthfully to questions about her connection with or knowledge of the burglary , if she were questioned under arrest at the police station , than if , without arresting her , questions were put to her … at her own home from which she could peremptorily order [ him ] to depart at any moment ’ .
in the exercise of his power of arrest , it was perfectly proper for the constable to have taken into account that ‘ there was a greater likelihood … that mrs mohammed-holgate would respond truthfully to questions about her connection with or knowledge of the burglary , if she were questioned under arrest at the police station , than if , without arresting her , questions were put to her … at her own home from which she could peremptorily order [ him ] to [leave] at any moment ’ .

Yusuf had returned briefly to Spanish soil , only to depart again , leaving behind a sizeable force of men .
yusuf had returned briefly to spanish soil , only to [leave] again , leaving behind a sizeable force of men .

And he gave thanks to God for the grace which had been vouchsafed to him , and said to his mother , that he did not think it good to keep the Kings in captivity , but to let them go freely ; and he set them at liberty and bade them depart .
and he gave thanks to god for the grace which had been vouchsafed to him , and said to his mother , that he did not think it good to keep the kings in captivity , but to let them go freely ; and he set them at liberty and bade them [leave] .

And as he was about to depart he looked back upon his own home , and when he saw his hall deserted , the household chests unfastened , the doors open , no cloaks hanging up , no seats in the porch , no hawks upon the perches , the tears came into his eyes , and he said , My enemies have done this … God be praised for all things .
and as he was about to [leave] he looked back upon his own home , and when he saw his hall deserted , the household chests unfastened , the doors open , no cloaks hanging up , no seats in the porch , no hawks upon the perches , the tears came into his eyes , and he said , my enemies have done this … god be praised for all things .

Just hours before the train was scheduled to depart a call came through to the Youth Allyah office in London , warning that the transport was about to be cancelled .
just hours before the train was scheduled to [leave] a call came through to the youth allyah office in london , warning that the transport was about to be cancelled .

Another attempt to depart saw us just make it around the airport pattern .
another attempt to [leave] saw us just make it around the airport pattern .

It was simply impossible to imagine how she would depart .
it was simply impossible to imagine how she would [leave] .

Furthermore , Attlee inherited a highly efficient Whitehall war machine , with a variety and quality of machine-minder unparalleled in the history of the British Civil Service ( though most of the gifted outsiders who had served as wartime temporaries would soon depart ) .
furthermore , attlee inherited a highly efficient whitehall war machine , with a variety and quality of machine-minder unparalleled in the history of the british civil service ( though most of the gifted outsiders who had served as wartime temporaries would soon [leave] ) .

That he did not depart of his own free will is abundantly evidenced by the fact that he left behind all his belongings and expressed the intention of being back within the period of four hours .
that he did not [leave] of his own free will is abundantly evidenced by the fact that he left behind all his belongings and expressed the intention of being back within the period of four hours .

In fairness to Sarah he had wanted to devote a whole day to her , but the pressure of his work had made it impossible , and he had been forced to settle for an afternoon wedding , following a Governors ' meeting , so that he and his bride could depart for Chertsey on the last train .
in fairness to sarah he had wanted to devote a whole day to her , but the pressure of his work had made it impossible , and he had been forced to settle for an afternoon wedding , following a governors ' meeting , so that he and his bride could [leave] for chertsey on the last train .

The females visit the arena and select the male of their choice , mate with him and then depart to rear the young on their own .
the females visit the arena and select the male of their choice , mate with him and then [leave] to rear the young on their own .

If so , any school or group of schools in consultation with the College and the leader of the in-service team may decide to depart from a particular syllabus or portions of it and develop in its place new material which after being tried out and improved upon may be passed on to other schools and colleges for use on a wider scale with the approval of the Ministry .
if so , any school or group of schools in consultation with the college and the leader of the in-service team may decide to [leave] from a particular syllabus or portions of it and develop in its place new material which after being tried out and improved upon may be passed on to other schools and colleges for use on a wider scale with the approval of the ministry .

Corbett turned to his guide to ask what was happening but found the man had had enough sense and discretion to depart as quickly as possible .
corbett turned to his guide to ask what was happening but found the man had had enough sense and discretion to [leave] as quickly as possible .

There was a confusion of sounds , strange oaths , cries and orders , while ships arrived or prepared to depart .
there was a confusion of sounds , strange oaths , cries and orders , while ships arrived or prepared to [leave] .

When the going got tough in training sessions Linford would depart for the canteen .
when the going got tough in training sessions linford would [leave] for the canteen .

January is the peak month , but winter visitors now start to arrive in October and November and depart in February and March , sometimes April .
january is the peak month , but winter visitors now start to arrive in october and november and [leave] in february and march , sometimes april .

There is little up-to-date information on movements ; des Forges and Harber record autumn arrival occasionally from July , with the main arrivals in October and November ; most depart by late March .
there is little up-to-date information on movements ; des forges and harber record autumn arrival occasionally from july , with the main arrivals in october and november ; most [leave] by late march .

This has been very clearly shown at Beachy Head where , between 1965 and 1976 a total of c. 70 Buzzards was recorded between 5 August and 27 October ; some were observed to depart out to sea .
this has been very clearly shown at beachy head where , between 1965 and 1976 a total of c. 70 buzzards was recorded between 5 august and 27 october ; some were observed to [leave] out to sea .

Winter visitors probably depart in March and there is a very marked spring passage , especially in May , when flocks of over 400 have been noted .
winter visitors probably [leave] in march and there is a very marked spring passage , especially in may , when flocks of over 400 have been noted .

Winter visitors depart in late February and March , when our breeding birds also return inland , and the counts in Fig. 12 show very little through passage in the spring .
winter visitors [leave] in late february and march , when our breeding birds also return inland , and the counts in fig. 12 show very little through passage in the spring .

Crime consists of acts which break or depart from these shared norms and values .
crime consists of acts which break or [leave] from these shared norms and values .

For this agreement to exist people need to be able to react against those who depart from or break shared values .
for this agreement to exist people need to be able to react against those who [leave] from or break shared values .

There are several ways in which the curves in figure 9.14 depart from these idealized perceptions and forecasting abilities of rational economic man .
there are several ways in which the curves in figure 9.14 [leave] from these idealized perceptions and forecasting abilities of rational economic man .

We shall become poor men , nomads who possess nothing , just wandering minds who spend only as much time as is needed on our physical affairs and then depart free men .
we shall become poor men , nomads who possess nothing , just wandering minds who spend only as much time as is needed on our physical affairs and then [leave] free men .

Poetry and prose when they advance into the most mystical regions will depart farther and farther from music .
poetry and prose when they advance into the most mystical regions will [leave] farther and farther from music .

When they leave school many of the young people depart to find work in factories or in trade in central Scotland , near Glasgow and
when they leave school many of the young people [leave] to find work in factories or in trade in central scotland , near glasgow and

Always check with drivers and hotel employees to determine if road conditions are good before you depart .
always check with drivers and hotel employees to determine if road conditions are good before you [leave] .

Ferries depart from Central every two hours between 6:10am and 10:30pm to Silvermine Bay ( Mui Wo ) , where a bus terminal has buses to all parts of the island .
ferries [leave] from central every two hours between 6:10am and 10:30pm to silvermine bay ( mui wo ) , where a bus terminal has buses to all parts of the island .

Four comfortable express trains depart the Kowloon-Canton Railway ( KCR ) Station in Hung Hom , Kowloon , making the trip in less than two hours .
four comfortable express trains [leave] the kowloon-canton railway ( kcr ) station in hung hom , kowloon , making the trip in less than two hours .

Eyüp Ferries depart from the upstream side of the Galata Bridge for the half-hour trip along the Golden Horn to the suburb of Eyüp , which contains one of Islam ’ s most sacred shrines .
eyüp ferries [leave] from the upstream side of the galata bridge for the half-hour trip along the golden horn to the suburb of eyüp , which contains one of islam ’ s most sacred shrines .

Special ferry tours of the Bosphorus depart three times a day from the jetty at Eminönü ( see page 125 ) , calling at villages like Be « ikta « , Kanlıca , Yeniköy , Sarıyer , and Anadolu Kava ‘ ı .
special ferry tours of the bosphorus [leave] three times a day from the jetty at eminönü ( see page 125 ) , calling at villages like be « ikta « , kanlıca , yeniköy , sarıyer , and anadolu kava ‘ ı .

White-washed houses climb the hill above the harbour , where ferries depart daily for the Greek island of Samos , and lively bars and restaurants line the streets of the old quarter .
white-washed houses climb the hill above the harbour , where ferries [leave] daily for the greek island of samos , and lively bars and restaurants line the streets of the old quarter .

Good buys : cloth hangings of Creole scenes , seashell jewelry , straw mats and hats , particularly from Saint-Barthélemy , local rum , and conch shells ( beautiful specimens can be had for just a few francs apiece from curbside peddlers near the maritime terminal , but only when a cruise ship is about to depart ) .
good buys : cloth hangings of creole scenes , seashell jewelry , straw mats and hats , particularly from saint-barthélemy , local rum , and conch shells ( beautiful specimens can be had for just a few francs apiece from curbside peddlers near the maritime terminal , but only when a cruise ship is about to [leave] ) .

The path to the left as you enter leads to the ferry landing , where the “ river buses ” depart for their journeys up the Sumida River to Asakusa .
the path to the left as you enter leads to the ferry landing , where the “ river buses ” [leave] for their journeys up the sumida river to asakusa .

Stay until after the crowds depart in the late afternoon and early evening .
stay until after the crowds [leave] in the late afternoon and early evening .

Guided boat tours depart from the landing stage ( Embarcadère Vedettes ) of the vast Esplanade des Quinconces .
guided boat tours [leave] from the landing stage ( embarcadère vedettes ) of the vast esplanade des quinconces .

Ask the shop for a validated receipt ; the Cashback desk at the Dublin Airport will give you an instant refund as you depart .
ask the shop for a validated receipt ; the cashback desk at the dublin airport will give you an instant refund as you [leave] .

Harbor cruises depart from here .
harbor cruises [leave] from here .

There is a special bus service from KK , but arrive early , as the bus will depart whenever it becomes full .
there is a special bus service from kk , but arrive early , as the bus will [leave] whenever it becomes full .

Pleasure craft depart from the large harbour , but the most pleasant stretch of waterfront is the gardens immediately east of the port .
pleasure craft [leave] from the large harbour , but the most pleasant stretch of waterfront is the gardens immediately east of the port .

As you depart the downtown area , you pass by the Museo Universitario de Arqueología de Manzanillo ( University Museum of Archeology in Manzanillo ) — easily the region ’ s most impressive collection of regional historical artifacts — and the large commercial wharves before reaching the turnoff to Las Brisas .
as you [leave] the downtown area , you pass by the museo universitario de arqueología de manzanillo ( university museum of archeology in manzanillo ) — easily the region ’ s most impressive collection of regional historical artifacts — and the large commercial wharves before reaching the turnoff to las brisas .

Across from the plaza is the beach , Playa Manzanillo , where sport-fishing charters , as well as pleasure and excursion boats depart .
across from the plaza is the beach , playa manzanillo , where sport-fishing charters , as well as pleasure and excursion boats [leave] .

Along with several older hotels , banks , and various tourist services , the Bahía Santa Cruz is home to a marina , from which numerous bay cruises and private panga fishing and sightseeing charters depart .
along with several older hotels , banks , and various tourist services , the bahía santa cruz is home to a marina , from which numerous bay cruises and private panga fishing and sightseeing charters [leave] .

It is now a popular weekend picnic spot for city families , many of whom leave their litter behind when they depart .
it is now a popular weekend picnic spot for city families , many of whom leave their litter behind when they [leave] .

After the Japanese occupied Lombok during World War II , the Dutch briefly returned , only to depart again when Indonesia gained independence .
after the japanese occupied lombok during world war ii , the dutch briefly returned , only to [leave] again when indonesia gained independence .

While the host tribe ’ s houses were emptied of everything except bare essentials , the guests would depart knowing that in a year or two they would have to reciprocate if they were not to lose face .
while the host tribe ’ s houses were emptied of everything except bare essentials , the guests would [leave] knowing that in a year or two they would have to reciprocate if they were not to lose face .

Cars are not allowed any farther into the park , and from here coach tours — included in the admission price , depart to explore the incredible landscape .
cars are not allowed any farther into the park , and from here coach tours — included in the admission price , [leave] to explore the incredible landscape .

Glass-bottomed ferry-boats depart regularly from Corralejo .
glass-bottomed ferry-boats [leave] regularly from corralejo .

These depart several times each day with both locals and visitors aboard .
these [leave] several times each day with both locals and visitors aboard .

Several companies offer one-day sailing trips to Isla Mujeres , often including lunch and snorkeling ; they depart from Playa Linda and Pier Tortugas in the Hotel Zone .
several companies offer one-day sailing trips to isla mujeres , often including lunch and snorkeling ; they [leave] from playa linda and pier tortugas in the hotel zone .

Both depart from the marina in Santa Cruz .
both [leave] from the marina in santa cruz .

Ferries ply across the Tagus from a point near the square , and from another to the west near the Cais do Sodré railway station , where trains depart for Estoril and Cascais .
ferries ply across the tagus from a point near the square , and from another to the west near the cais do sodré railway station , where trains [leave] for estoril and cascais .

Many cruises to the Bahamas depart from Port Canaveral on Florida ’ s east coast , about halfway up the peninsula .
many cruises to the bahamas [leave] from port canaveral on florida ’ s east coast , about halfway up the peninsula .

There is no beach here , but there are great views from above , and in season ( spring to autumn ) boat trips depart from the foot of the long stairways that have been cut deep into the sides of the cliff .
there is no beach here , but there are great views from above , and in season ( spring to autumn ) boat trips [leave] from the foot of the long stairways that have been cut deep into the sides of the cliff .

Just beyond the park on the other side , ferryboats depart regularly in summer for the barrier-island beaches of Armona and Culatra just offshore .
just beyond the park on the other side , ferryboats [leave] regularly in summer for the barrier-island beaches of armona and culatra just offshore .

Andaluz Marismas del Rocio , whose large-wheel buses depart from the visitors ’ center at El Acebuche .
andaluz marismas del rocio , whose large-wheel buses [leave] from the visitors ’ center at el acebuche .

If you travel independently you can take a bus from Chaniá to Omalós and public transport from Chóra Sfakíon back to Chaniá , but confirm the timetables before you depart to avoid getting stranded .
if you travel independently you can take a bus from chaniá to omalós and public transport from chóra sfakíon back to chaniá , but confirm the timetables before you [leave] to avoid getting stranded .

Tour boats depart the eastern shore from Five Dragons Pavilion to Hortensia Island .
tour boats [leave] the eastern shore from five dragons pavilion to hortensia island .

At this point , I want to depart from the biomedical research model to discuss the importance of an epidemiologic shift towards population health .
at this point , i want to [leave] from the biomedical research model to discuss the importance of an epidemiologic shift towards population health .

If auditors conclude that such failure is likely to cause them to depart from the standard report on the financial statements or resign from the audit , then they should communicate that conclusion to the governing body of the audited entity .
if auditors conclude that such failure is likely to cause them to [leave] from the standard report on the financial statements or resign from the audit , then they should communicate that conclusion to the governing body of the audited entity .

LSC grantees are authorized to litigate this narrow range of claims to completion , despite the fact that the alien may be required to depart the United States prior to or during the course of the representation .
lsc grantees are authorized to litigate this narrow range of claims to completion , despite the fact that the alien may be required to [leave] the united states prior to or during the course of the representation .

The H-2A worker must depart the country and is subject to deportation for failing to do so .
the h-2a worker must [leave] the country and is subject to deportation for failing to do so .

Lawful permanent residents may depart the United States for extended periods without loss of status , as long as they are not deemed to have abandoned their residence in the United States .
lawful permanent residents may [leave] the united states for extended periods without loss of status , as long as they are not deemed to have abandoned their residence in the united states .

It also would provide perverse incentives to opposing litigants to drag out legal proceedings with the expectation that an alien might have to temporarily depart from the country , or engage in other forms of procedural abuse .
it also would provide perverse incentives to opposing litigants to drag out legal proceedings with the expectation that an alien might have to temporarily [leave] from the country , or engage in other forms of procedural abuse .

In short , the record is clear that H-2A workers are unlikely to raise legal claims before the end of their employment contract , that they are required to leave the United States at the end of their contracts , that many of their claims arise after their departure , and that legal proceedings can not be completed before they depart .
in short , the record is clear that h-2a workers are unlikely to raise legal claims before the end of their employment contract , that they are required to leave the united states at the end of their contracts , that many of their claims arise after their departure , and that legal proceedings can not be completed before they [leave] .

LSC grantees are authorized to litigate this narrow range of claims to completion , despite the fact that the alien may be required to depart the United States prior to or during the course of the representation .
lsc grantees are authorized to litigate this narrow range of claims to completion , despite the fact that the alien may be required to [leave] the united states prior to or during the course of the representation .

The rules depart from those generally applicable to proposed mail classification changes by reducing the amount of supporting evidence the Postal Service is required to produce , and by expediting the Commission 's procedural schedule for considering the particular form of proposed change .
the rules [leave] from those generally applicable to proposed mail classification changes by reducing the amount of supporting evidence the postal service is required to produce , and by expediting the commission 's procedural schedule for considering the particular form of proposed change .

The hijackers targeting American Airlines Flight 77 , to depart from Dulles , migrated from New Jersey to Laurel , Maryland , about 20 miles from Washington , D.C .
the hijackers targeting american airlines flight 77 , to [leave] from dulles , migrated from new jersey to laurel , maryland , about 20 miles from washington , d.c .

Further north , the hijackers targeting United Airlines Flight 93 , to depart from Newark , gathered in that city from their base in Florida on September 7 .
further north , the hijackers targeting united airlines flight 93 , to [leave] from newark , gathered in that city from their base in florida on september 7 .

Every airport involved in these Saudi flights was open when the flight departed , and no inappropriate actions were taken to allow those flights to depart .
every airport involved in these saudi flights was open when the flight departed , and no inappropriate actions were taken to allow those flights to [leave] .

The Saudi government was advised of and agreed to the FBI 's requirements that passengers be identified and checked against various databases before the flights departed.29The Federal Aviation Administration representative working in the FBI operations center made sure that the FBI was aware of the flights of Saudi nationals and was able to screen the passengers before they were allowed to depart .
the saudi government was advised of and agreed to the fbi 's requirements that passengers be identified and checked against various databases before the flights departed.29the federal aviation administration representative working in the fbi operations center made sure that the fbi was aware of the flights of saudi nationals and was able to screen the passengers before they were allowed to [leave] .

He waited for all the other cars to depart the ferry , assuming ( incorrectly ) that the last car off would draw less scrutiny .
he waited for all the other cars to [leave] the ferry , assuming ( incorrectly ) that the last car off would draw less scrutiny .

The cousin 's ensuing effort to persuade Jarrah to depart from `` the path he was taking '' proved unavailing.101Yet Jarrah clearly differed from the other hijackers in that he maintained much closer contact with his family and continued his intimate relationship with Senguen .
the cousin 's ensuing effort to persuade jarrah to [leave] from `` the path he was taking '' proved unavailing.101yet jarrah clearly differed from the other hijackers in that he maintained much closer contact with his family and continued his intimate relationship with senguen .

CIA cable , `` UBL Associates Depart Malaysia , '' Jan. 8 , 2000 .
cia cable , `` ubl associates [leave] malaysia , '' jan. 8 , 2000 .

The flight was scheduled to depart at 7:45 .
the flight was scheduled to [leave] at 7:45 .

The Hijacking of United 175 United Airlines Flight 175 was scheduled to depart for Los Angeles at 8:00 .
the hijacking of united 175 united airlines flight 175 was scheduled to [leave] for los angeles at 8:00 .

The Hijacking of American 77 American Airlines Flight 77 was scheduled to depart from Washington Dulles for Los Angeles at 8:10 .
the hijacking of american 77 american airlines flight 77 was scheduled to [leave] from washington dulles for los angeles at 8:10 .

Scheduled to depart the gate at 8:00 , the Boeing 757 's takeoff was delayed because of the airport 's typically heavy morning traffic .
scheduled to [leave] the gate at 8:00 , the boeing 757 's takeoff was delayed because of the airport 's typically heavy morning traffic .

The hijackers had planned to take flights scheduled to depart at 7:45 ( American 11 ) , 8:00 ( United 175 and United 93 ) , and 8:10 ( American 77 ) .
the hijackers had planned to take flights scheduled to [leave] at 7:45 ( american 11 ) , 8:00 ( united 175 and united 93 ) , and 8:10 ( american 77 ) .

At the same time , New York Center declared `` ATC zero '' -meaning that aircraft were not permitted to depart from , arrive at , or travel through New York Center 's airspace until further notice .
at the same time , new york center declared `` atc zero '' -meaning that aircraft were not permitted to [leave] from , arrive at , or travel through new york center 's airspace until further notice .

I told Marcel , anxious to depart before he began to act out the films of Warhol .
i told marcel , anxious to [leave] before he began to act out the films of warhol .

A key ingredient in the upswing is that Albright emphasized that the U.S. does n't endorse Taiwan 's recent attempts to depart from the `` one China '' policy .
a key ingredient in the upswing is that albright emphasized that the u.s. does n't endorse taiwan 's recent attempts to [leave] from the `` one china '' policy .

AG : I 'm anxious to follow instructions carefully , but to depart from my destruct ... or , to depart from my instructions , I want to say I hope you can see how proud I am of Tipper .
ag : i 'm anxious to follow instructions carefully , but to [leave] from my destruct ... or , to [leave] from my instructions , i want to say i hope you can see how proud i am of tipper .

The Shopping Avenger argued in his mild-mannered manner that British Airways did not , in fact , have a commitment to `` on-time departures '' because the originating flight did not depart on time .
the shopping avenger argued in his mild-mannered manner that british airways did not , in fact , have a commitment to `` on-time departures '' because the originating flight did not [leave] on time .

Rabbi S. finally made it back to Terminal 25 minutes before the flight was scheduled to depart .
rabbi s. finally made it back to terminal 25 minutes before the flight was scheduled to [leave] .

While it 's pleasant to think of 2Pac sitting around , pondering whether to stay or depart this world -- '' To pack or not to pack , that is the question '' -- the best evidence against the faked-death theory is the album itself , credited to Makaveli and cumbersomely entitled The Don Killuminati/The 7 Day Theory .
while it 's pleasant to think of 2pac sitting around , pondering whether to stay or [leave] this world -- '' to pack or not to pack , that is the question '' -- the best evidence against the faked-death theory is the album itself , credited to makaveli and cumbersomely entitled the don killuminati/the 7 day theory .

Instead of buying an actual book before they depart ( or hunkering down with 10 of them in the local Barnes & Noble and scribbling down the best of each , as I usually do ) they 'll simply download the latest version of the Lonely Planet Guide to Graceland , which will contain constantly updated train schedules , hotel prices , and restaurant menus .
instead of buying an actual book before they [leave] ( or hunkering down with 10 of them in the local barnes & noble and scribbling down the best of each , as i usually do ) they 'll simply download the latest version of the lonely planet guide to graceland , which will contain constantly updated train schedules , hotel prices , and restaurant menus .

Let me depart with some personal history that readers who wish to can find in my memoir Parallel Time : Growing Up in Black and White .
let me [leave] with some personal history that readers who wish to can find in my memoir parallel time : growing up in black and white .

Clinton on Ken Starr : `` I wo n't depart from my policy of not commenting on Mr .
clinton on ken starr : `` i wo n't [leave] from my policy of not commenting on mr .

Tom Clancy : `` My characters have a moral code from which they would not depart . ''
tom clancy : `` my characters have a moral code from which they would not [leave] . ''

He which hath no stomach to this fight , Hideth in the tall grass , like a damn girl , Let him depart ; I 'll get him a job at CNN , Where mine appalling comments about the dusky Moor And olive-skinned Levantine ( and working maidens fair , And -- no one 's really glommed onto this yet -- My disparagement of those men of right good male fellowship , Who doth hoard original-cast albums of Broadway musicals , If ya know what I mean ) serves but to raise my fees on Crossfire .
he which hath no stomach to this fight , hideth in the tall grass , like a damn girl , let him [leave] ; i 'll get him a job at cnn , where mine appalling comments about the dusky moor and olive-skinned levantine ( and working maidens fair , and -- no one 's really glommed onto this yet -- my disparagement of those men of right good male fellowship , who doth hoard original-cast albums of broadway musicals , if ya know what i mean ) serves but to raise my fees on crossfire .

These two covert courts depart from America 's open legal culture , and endow the judicial branch with a level of secrecy more typical of the executive than the courts .
these two covert courts [leave] from america 's open legal culture , and endow the judicial branch with a level of secrecy more typical of the executive than the courts .

Maybe the idea dawned on young Seattle entrepreneurs as they watched ships , heavy with fir and cedar , depart for Japan and return filled with exotic electronic goods .
maybe the idea dawned on young seattle entrepreneurs as they watched ships , heavy with fir and cedar , [leave] for japan and return filled with exotic electronic goods .

It would be a mistake to conclude that , as those leftists depart from the scene , the tradition of political verbosity will die out .
it would be a mistake to conclude that , as those leftists [leave] from the scene , the tradition of political verbosity will die out .

Would he depart on a negative note about his opponent or a positive one about himself ?
would he [leave] on a negative note about his opponent or a positive one about himself ?

By the end , we are left with the sense that whatever angels we may go to when we depart , life insurance is the guardian angel we should leave behind .
by the end , we are left with the sense that whatever angels we may go to when we [leave] , life insurance is the guardian angel we should leave behind .

Pundits agree this means the White House thinks President Clinton is out of the woods in the Lewinsky scandal , so his aides can finally depart for lucrative private sector jobs without looking like rats deserting a sinking ship .
pundits agree this means the white house thinks president clinton is out of the woods in the lewinsky scandal , so his aides can finally [leave] for lucrative private sector jobs without looking like rats deserting a sinking ship .

Come Aug. 1 , New Yorker editor Tina Brown will depart and make room for the magazine 's fifth -- but not yet announced -- editor .
come aug. 1 , new yorker editor tina brown will [leave] and make room for the magazine 's fifth -- but not yet announced -- editor .

