He has also supported a change of the Australian flag , a blue ensign which depicts the Southern Cross constellation and , in the top left-hand corner , the Union Jack .
he has also supported a change of the australian flag , a blue ensign which [shows] the southern cross constellation and , in the top left-hand corner , the union jack .

The clock is divided into hourly segments in which each of the children depicts an activity , ’ says Cunningham , speaking during his work with pupils at St David 's Primary School in Pilton .
the clock is divided into hourly segments in which each of the children [shows] an activity , ’ says cunningham , speaking during his work with pupils at st david 's primary school in pilton .

He carries a picture taken by anti-abortionists that depicts the decapitated head of a fully formed foetus , recovered from a rubbish bin behind a clinic in New York .
he carries a picture taken by anti-abortionists that [shows] the decapitated head of a fully formed foetus , recovered from a rubbish bin behind a clinic in new york .

They have organised a promotional float which depicts a scene from the classic movie where Bogart and Bergman ‘ kiss it goodbye ’ in Rik 's Cafe .
they have organised a promotional float which [shows] a scene from the classic movie where bogart and bergman ‘ kiss it goodbye ’ in rik 's cafe .

Nothing of the score 's sense of awe and mystery ( it depicts the appearance of Halley 's Comet just before the Norman Conquest of 1066 , as shown in the Bayeux Tapestry ) survived this rather brutal account .
nothing of the score 's sense of awe and mystery ( it [shows] the appearance of halley 's comet just before the norman conquest of 1066 , as shown in the bayeux tapestry ) survived this rather brutal account .

The picture depicts a number of ships on a storm tossed sea .
the picture [shows] a number of ships on a storm tossed sea .

In her portrait of Elizabeth , Austen depicts someone who observes the conventions , yet stays true to herself and her needs throughout the novel .
in her portrait of elizabeth , austen [shows] someone who observes the conventions , yet stays true to herself and her needs throughout the novel .

The work depicts a scene from the old Welsh traditional folk tale concerning Llyn-y-Fan and the medicinal qualities of plants and herbs .
the work [shows] a scene from the old welsh traditional folk tale concerning llyn-y-fan and the medicinal qualities of plants and herbs .

The 33p stamp depicts three shepherds from a window at All Saints ' Church , Porthcawl , Mid Glamorgan , and the 28p and 39p stamps , showing scenes of the three kings bearing gifts , are from the Church of Our Lady and St Peter in Leatherhead , Surrey .
the 33p stamp [shows] three shepherds from a window at all saints ' church , porthcawl , mid glamorgan , and the 28p and 39p stamps , showing scenes of the three kings bearing gifts , are from the church of our lady and st peter in leatherhead , surrey .

The former , the central panel of which depicts the Crucifixion , is said to be one of the finest examples in the North of the noted stained glass expert , William Morris .
the former , the central panel of which [shows] the crucifixion , is said to be one of the finest examples in the north of the noted stained glass expert , william morris .

It says ‘ Sarah 65 ’ on the sleeve , a sleeve which depicts two out of focus young men in nice jumpers and carefully ironed Levi 501 's throwing stones on some pebbly south coast beach ( lip curls ) .
it says ‘ sarah 65 ’ on the sleeve , a sleeve which [shows] two out of focus young men in nice jumpers and carefully ironed levi 501 's throwing stones on some pebbly south coast beach ( lip curls ) .

The lure of glossy full colour advertising , particularly when it depicts sparkling blue skies , golden beaches , and smiling , sun-kissed off-duty nurses , is potent and seductive .
the lure of glossy full colour advertising , particularly when it [shows] sparkling blue skies , golden beaches , and smiling , sun-kissed off-duty nurses , is potent and seductive .

By the late nineteenth century Champagne had become big business , as the very industrialised impression of this drawing of Moët & Chandon 's bottling hall depicts
by the late nineteenth century champagne had become big business , as the very industrialised impression of this drawing of moët & chandon 's bottling hall [shows]

Firstly , picture a scenario which depicts your goal or Dream , using as many senses as possible .
firstly , picture a scenario which [shows] your goal or dream , using as many senses as possible .

Unger depicts herself and others working in the psychology of women , as caught up in ‘ facho ’ , a feminist version of macho ( Arpad 1986 : 208 ) , which in their case took the form of an obsession with productivity much like that found in the mainstream : ‘ like the characters in Through The Looking Glass we are all running ( and writing ) as fast as we can to keep up ’ ( 1979 : vii ) .
unger [shows] herself and others working in the psychology of women , as caught up in ‘ facho ’ , a feminist version of macho ( arpad 1986 : 208 ) , which in their case took the form of an obsession with productivity much like that found in the mainstream : ‘ like the characters in through the looking glass we are all running ( and writing ) as fast as we can to keep up ’ ( 1979 : vii ) .

It depicts the young Darwin as a lone , sporting gentleman , an amateur beetle-collector seeing nature as she really is by simply looking with the clear gaze of genius , unimpeded by any scientific training , theological prejudice , professional ambition and so on .
it [shows] the young darwin as a lone , sporting gentleman , an amateur beetle-collector seeing nature as she really is by simply looking with the clear gaze of genius , unimpeded by any scientific training , theological prejudice , professional ambition and so on .

It depicts his early intellectual development as reducing to two moments of discovery , whereby he moves from having no coherent ideas to having just those ideas .
it [shows] his early intellectual development as reducing to two moments of discovery , whereby he moves from having no coherent ideas to having just those ideas .

The female head , often seen on a Serpent 's body , depicts a Nagini , or female Naga .
the female head , often seen on a serpent 's body , [shows] a nagini , or female naga .

Figure 1 a and b depicts , from behind , a pair of eyes viewing a rectangular pattern lying in a fronto-parallel plane which is either close to the observer ( a ) or far away ( b ) .
figure 1 a and b [shows] , from behind , a pair of eyes viewing a rectangular pattern lying in a fronto-parallel plane which is either close to the observer ( a ) or far away ( b ) .

One of the preserved scenes depicts a Libyan , with tattooed loins and exposed genitals , wearing a long white cloak , about to cut the throat of a prostrate Egyptian .
one of the preserved scenes [shows] a libyan , with tattooed loins and exposed genitals , wearing a long white cloak , about to cut the throat of a prostrate egyptian .

Homer is refreshingly critical about his chosen subject and questioning about the motivation behind such works as the truly horrible ‘ The Agnew Clinic ’ of 1889 which depicts a mastectomy performed in an operating theatre crowded with doctors .
homer is refreshingly critical about his chosen subject and questioning about the motivation behind such works as the truly horrible ‘ the agnew clinic ’ of 1889 which [shows] a mastectomy performed in an operating theatre crowded with doctors .

The winner of the 1810 Prix de Rome depicts the subject as a self-assured young rake .
the winner of the 1810 prix de rome [shows] the subject as a self-assured young rake .

It depicts a favourite model , Zita , and was purchased by Sandbloom in 1933 directly from the Matisse family .
it [shows] a favourite model , zita , and was purchased by sandbloom in 1933 directly from the matisse family .

It depicts Christ in a mandorla surrounded by angels , above the kneeling saints of Bohemia .
it [shows] christ in a mandorla surrounded by angels , above the kneeling saints of bohemia .

Finally , Dina Vierny is showing self portraits by Vladimir Yankilevski , in all of which the Muscovite artist depicts himself in profile , among fragments of superimposed surfaces .
finally , dina vierny is showing self portraits by vladimir yankilevski , in all of which the muscovite artist [shows] himself in profile , among fragments of superimposed surfaces .

The first painting depicts , more or less ‘ realistically ’ , in black , white and grey , a comfortable villa in an Antwerp suburb .
the first painting [shows] , more or less ‘ realistically ’ , in black , white and grey , a comfortable villa in an antwerp suburb .

The first , by Anne Vallayer-Coster ( who has become tres chic since a runaway success at Sotheby 's Monaco some five years ago ) depicts a natural-history composition with marine animals and is estimated at FFr4–5 million ( £488,000–610,000 ; $ 743,000–929,000 ) .
the first , by anne vallayer-coster ( who has become tres chic since a runaway success at sotheby 's monaco some five years ago ) [shows] a natural-history composition with marine animals and is estimated at ffr4–5 million ( £488,000–610,000 ; $ 743,000–929,000 ) .

The ‘ Weed do n't take themselves too seriously , either , as demonstrated by Lenny 's sleeve artwork , which invariably depicts outrageously attired hippy freaks in various states of narcotic oblivion .
the ‘ weed do n't take themselves too seriously , either , as demonstrated by lenny 's sleeve artwork , which invariably [shows] outrageously attired hippy freaks in various states of narcotic oblivion .

The latter model depicts the imposition by an all-powerful , coercive capitalist state of enforced retirement on older workers who wish to continue in the labour market until , as in the nineteenth century , they are too infirm .
the latter model [shows] the imposition by an all-powerful , coercive capitalist state of enforced retirement on older workers who wish to continue in the labour market until , as in the nineteenth century , they are too infirm .

It depicts the Virgin and Child enthroned with the young Tobias and the Archangel Raphael on their right and St Jerome on their left and is a preparatory study for the altarpiece of around 1514 , painted in Rome for the church of San Domenico , Naples .
it [shows] the virgin and child enthroned with the young tobias and the archangel raphael on their right and st jerome on their left and is a preparatory study for the altarpiece of around 1514 , painted in rome for the church of san domenico , naples .

The painting , which depicts a relaxed group of men at the edge of a riverbank , was bought from Eakins 's widow in 1925 for the Fort Worth Museum of Art , later the Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth .
the painting , which [shows] a relaxed group of men at the edge of a riverbank , was bought from eakins 's widow in 1925 for the fort worth museum of art , later the modern art museum of fort worth .

Mandell depicts him thus : ‘ a self-effacing gentleman , Jesse Owens was both a paragon and a refutation and therefore was considered ‘ a credit to his race ’ ’ ( 1971 , p.225 ) .
mandell [shows] him thus : ‘ a self-effacing gentleman , jesse owens was both a paragon and a refutation and therefore was considered ‘ a credit to his race ’ ’ ( 1971 , p.225 ) .

Almost invariably , the cover imagery depicts the male figure in a state of total preoccupation with the woman , while she gazes beyond the frame , engaging the viewer ( you , the reader ) in a complicit acknowledgement of her sexual power over him .
almost invariably , the cover imagery [shows] the male figure in a state of total preoccupation with the woman , while she gazes beyond the frame , engaging the viewer ( you , the reader ) in a complicit acknowledgement of her sexual power over him .

The heroine of the romance novel is presented at a moment of transition in her life , an isolated figure ; the romance narrative depicts young women at a point of defining themselves as adult women , a definition that must come from the heroine in the absence of any supportive network :
the heroine of the romance novel is presented at a moment of transition in her life , an isolated figure ; the romance narrative [shows] young women at a point of defining themselves as adult women , a definition that must come from the heroine in the absence of any supportive network :

The diagram depicts the development of political goals into parliamentary legislation or ministerial direction in order to provide the plans from which devolved departments ( or agencies ) proceed to day to day implementation .
the diagram [shows] the development of political goals into parliamentary legislation or ministerial direction in order to provide the plans from which devolved departments ( or agencies ) proceed to day to day implementation .

There is a New Yorker cartoon which depicts various inventions for ‘ keeping warm ’ : prominent among these are a waterbottle tie and a catnip comforter covered , of course , with cats — practical solutions in the inventor 's mind , but would require a master salesman !
there is a new yorker cartoon which [shows] various inventions for ‘ keeping warm ’ : prominent among these are a waterbottle tie and a catnip comforter covered , of course , with cats — practical solutions in the inventor 's mind , but would require a master salesman !

But in its decline , as Ivy Compton-Burnett depicts it , the ancestral house becomes a mere rapacity for lost estate .
but in its decline , as ivy compton-burnett [shows] it , the ancestral house becomes a mere rapacity for lost estate .

Figure 1 depicts , in schematic form , a summary of the complete inductivist story of science .
figure 1 [shows] , in schematic form , a summary of the complete inductivist story of science .

Works by Sickert and Vanessa Bell are singled out for their frank appraisals of the ‘ plump ’ figures of their models and this tendency reaches its climax , according to the terms of the exhibition , in Lucien Freud 's painting depicts the female figure resting against a pile of rags , used by the artist for cleaning his brushes .
works by sickert and vanessa bell are singled out for their frank appraisals of the ‘ plump ’ figures of their models and this tendency reaches its climax , according to the terms of the exhibition , in lucien freud 's painting [shows] the female figure resting against a pile of rags , used by the artist for cleaning his brushes .

The portion illustrated in detail depicts a human figure , two animal figures with rich filigree work , and pairs of masks filling gaps between the rings .
the portion illustrated in detail [shows] a human figure , two animal figures with rich filigree work , and pairs of masks filling gaps between the rings .

Typical of these is the Invective against France which survives in several manuscripts : it depicts the French as effeminate , combining the characteristics of the lynx , viper and wolf ; King Philip 's fraudulent claims to the French throne and his unworthiness for it are elaborately exposed with biblical and legal references ; by contrast Edward 's victories , secured by his virtuousness , serve only to prove that God was on his side .
typical of these is the invective against france which survives in several manuscripts : it [shows] the french as effeminate , combining the characteristics of the lynx , viper and wolf ; king philip 's fraudulent claims to the french throne and his unworthiness for it are elaborately exposed with biblical and legal references ; by contrast edward 's victories , secured by his virtuousness , serve only to prove that god was on his side .

Ethnomethodology depicts conversation as discourse constructed and negotiated between the participants , following pre-established patterns , and marking the direction they are taking in particular ways : with pauses , laughter , intonations , filler words , and established formulae .
ethnomethodology [shows] conversation as discourse constructed and negotiated between the participants , following pre-established patterns , and marking the direction they are taking in particular ways : with pauses , laughter , intonations , filler words , and established formulae .

We come now to the class of learning algorithms which , its proponents claim , most closely depicts the workings of human minds .
we come now to the class of learning algorithms which , its proponents claim , most closely [shows] the workings of human minds .

Another fascinating knife handle shown in Pic 16 depicts an erotic scene involving three figures .
another fascinating knife handle shown in pic 16 [shows] an erotic scene involving three figures .

In the series ‘ Show Girls ’ she depicts the showgirl and stripper with the intention of opening up the debate around the fetishised female image and the male voyeur .
in the series ‘ show girls ’ she [shows] the showgirl and stripper with the intention of opening up the debate around the fetishised female image and the male voyeur .

The whole principle of merit militates against the personal God whom Scripture depicts as wanting to have personal relations with his creatures .
the whole principle of merit militates against the personal god whom scripture [shows] as wanting to have personal relations with his creatures .

Max Black 's influential ‘ interaction ’ theory builds on Richards 's ideas and depicts metaphor as a complex operation in which one semantic field ‘ organizes ’ another , acting as a ‘ screen ’ or a ‘ network of lines ’ ( 1962:41 ) which ‘ filters and transforms ’ ( 42 ) in order to project onto the proper term an entire ‘ system of ‘ associated commonplaces ’ ' ( 41 ) .
max black 's influential ‘ interaction ’ theory builds on richards 's ideas and [shows] metaphor as a complex operation in which one semantic field ‘ organizes ’ another , acting as a ‘ screen ’ or a ‘ network of lines ’ ( 1962:41 ) which ‘ filters and transforms ’ ( 42 ) in order to project onto the proper term an entire ‘ system of ‘ associated commonplaces ’ ' ( 41 ) .

Based on a painting by an early-80s Berlin Realist , it depicts enigmatically two adolescent girls standing arm in arm , geared out with shades and boogie box and dressed in clothes which accentuate their stockily sensual bodies .
based on a painting by an early-80s berlin realist , it [shows] enigmatically two adolescent girls standing arm in arm , geared out with shades and boogie box and dressed in clothes which accentuate their stockily sensual bodies .

Item No 2 : this is an Elagabalus denarius which depicts the Emperor standing at a sacrificial altar .
item no 2 : this is an elagabalus denarius which [shows] the emperor standing at a sacrificial altar .

in c .1786 depicts the successful Enlightenment man of business , reason , and science , equal to any in status , talent , and attainment .
in c .1786 [shows] the successful enlightenment man of business , reason , and science , equal to any in status , talent , and attainment .

Figure 15 depicts a fairly everyday household scene .
figure 15 [shows] a fairly everyday household scene .

only depicts a small number of Mandarins at the top of the civil service .
only [shows] a small number of mandarins at the top of the civil service .

Figure 1 depicts this data-collection phase of the framework , and presents schematically a model which incorporates the principles identified .
figure 1 [shows] this data-collection phase of the framework , and presents schematically a model which incorporates the principles identified .

Another , and different , outline of Scotland appears on a vellum portolan , or sea-chart , which also depicts the fjorded coastline of Norway , including the famous whirlpool , Maelstrom , together with the south-east coast of Spitsbergen .
another , and different , outline of scotland appears on a vellum portolan , or sea-chart , which also [shows] the fjorded coastline of norway , including the famous whirlpool , maelstrom , together with the south-east coast of spitsbergen .

Our Trust 's logo is the Tree of Life — so important in early Celtic Christianity — which depicts the interdependence of all living things , with no one species dominant , without beginning and without end .
our trust 's logo is the tree of life — so important in early celtic christianity — which [shows] the interdependence of all living things , with no one species dominant , without beginning and without end .

In the late 19th century , however , the ‘ logic ’ of sculpture begins to fail , as ‘ one enters modernism … ’ and the monument becomes pure abstraction , pure marker , placeless and largely self-referential : ‘ the sculpture reaches downward to absorb the pedestal into itself and away from actual place ; and through the representation of its own materials or the process of its construction … depicts its own autonomy ’ . Might the relationship of pedestal to sculpture be analogous to that of frame to embroidery ? If the pedestal stands for fixity and place , what does the frame represent ? does embroidery/stitch , void of the frame , also become a malleable term , extended to include ‘ just about anything ’ , autonomous and self-referential ?
in the late 19th century , however , the ‘ logic ’ of sculpture begins to fail , as ‘ one enters modernism … ’ and the monument becomes pure abstraction , pure marker , placeless and largely self-referential : ‘ the sculpture reaches downward to absorb the pedestal into itself and away from actual place ; and through the representation of its own materials or the process of its construction … [shows] its own autonomy ’ . might the relationship of pedestal to sculpture be analogous to that of frame to embroidery ? if the pedestal stands for fixity and place , what does the frame represent ? does embroidery/stitch , void of the frame , also become a malleable term , extended to include ‘ just about anything ’ , autonomous and self-referential ?

’ Movement 3 depicts Arion 's ability to command Nature through his singing , and movement 7 portrays the effect his swansong has on the elements .
’ movement 3 [shows] arion 's ability to command nature through his singing , and movement 7 portrays the effect his swansong has on the elements .

The eighth variation , for instance , with its intertwining triplet quavers , now goes with Ellen embroidering , and the third variation depicts the boy weeping .
the eighth variation , for instance , with its intertwining triplet quavers , now goes with ellen embroidering , and the third variation [shows] the boy weeping .

Dated 1656 and painted by the artist at twenty-five years of age , it depicts the ship ‘ De Esperanca ’ , which was rented by the Amsterdam Chamber of the East India Company to escort home the incredibly rich return fleet of Pieter de Bitter and other merchantmen which had sought refuge from the English in the port of Bergen , Norway .
dated 1656 and painted by the artist at twenty-five years of age , it [shows] the ship ‘ de esperanca ’ , which was rented by the amsterdam chamber of the east india company to escort home the incredibly rich return fleet of pieter de bitter and other merchantmen which had sought refuge from the english in the port of bergen , norway .

The present work depicts a scene during a bullfight in which the bull , having already gored two horses , confronts a tangled mass of matadors huddled behind the picador 's horse .
the present work [shows] a scene during a bullfight in which the bull , having already gored two horses , confronts a tangled mass of matadors huddled behind the picador 's horse .

The Camerarius Florilegium depicts 473 plants with their Latin names inscribed in Camerarius ' hand .
the camerarius florilegium [shows] 473 plants with their latin names inscribed in camerarius ' hand .

Executed in 1884 , it depicts in detail a group of typical characters set against the bustle of the market .
executed in 1884 , it [shows] in detail a group of typical characters set against the bustle of the market .

’ Gustave Doré 's mid-nineteenth-century caricature depicts Russian landowners gambling not for money but for bundles of serfs .
’ gustave doré 's mid-nineteenth-century caricature [shows] russian landowners gambling not for money but for bundles of serfs .

Drawing , as we did , on evidence in the Nag Hammadi Scrolls , Michele Roberts depicts the Magdalene as Jesus 's lover and as the mother of his child .
drawing , as we did , on evidence in the nag hammadi scrolls , michele roberts [shows] the magdalene as jesus 's lover and as the mother of his child .

In the days immediately following the Crucifixion , Simon Peter must have been , as Anita Mason depicts him , increasingly puzzled — and still more than a little alarmed — to find the world around him still intact .
in the days immediately following the crucifixion , simon peter must have been , as anita mason [shows] him , increasingly puzzled — and still more than a little alarmed — to find the world around him still intact .

the burgeoning suspicion that his commitment has been in vain , must , as Anita Mason depicts , have been an appalling psychological torment .
the burgeoning suspicion that his commitment has been in vain , must , as anita mason [shows] , have been an appalling psychological torment .

Yet it is clear that something akin to what Kazantzakis depicts must have occurred in actuality .
yet it is clear that something akin to what kazantzakis [shows] must have occurred in actuality .

The picture depicts stars Will Carling , Brian Moore , Rory Underwood , Wade Dooley and Mike Teague from England 's Grand Slam team . Five hundred tickets priced at £1 each will be sold through the Barlaston Public Relations Department
the picture [shows] stars will carling , brian moore , rory underwood , wade dooley and mike teague from england 's grand slam team . five hundred tickets priced at £1 each will be sold through the barlaston public relations department

It depicts the killer Dr. Hannibal Lecter as a genius who displays all the characteristics of a psychopath : he is civilised , articulate , manipulative , proud of his intellectual superiority and teasingly sarcastic .
it [shows] the killer dr. hannibal lecter as a genius who displays all the characteristics of a psychopath : he is civilised , articulate , manipulative , proud of his intellectual superiority and teasingly sarcastic .

Her book , Fisher Row : Fishermen , Bargemen and Canal Boatmen in Oxford , 1500–1900 , depicts ‘ a very tight-knit community of boat-people who were united both by occupation and kinship ’ .
her book , fisher row : fishermen , bargemen and canal boatmen in oxford , 1500–1900 , [shows] ‘ a very tight-knit community of boat-people who were united both by occupation and kinship ’ .

Its publication coincides with a film being shown in Jakarta and other cities that depicts a larger-than-life Suharto fighting the Dutch in the war of independence , his crushing of the 1965 attempted communist coup , and other exciting matters .
its publication coincides with a film being shown in jakarta and other cities that [shows] a larger-than-life suharto fighting the dutch in the war of independence , his crushing of the 1965 attempted communist coup , and other exciting matters .

To mark Glasgow 's year as the European City of Culture , The Royal Mail is printing a set of stamps , one of which depicts the facade of the former Templeton Carpet Factory .
to mark glasgow 's year as the european city of culture , the royal mail is printing a set of stamps , one of which [shows] the facade of the former templeton carpet factory .

Sidonius depicts the scheme as madness ; nevertheless he maintained his friendship for Arvandus , and he may even have given up his office of prefect of the City of Rome in order not to be involved in sentencing his friend .
sidonius [shows] the scheme as madness ; nevertheless he maintained his friendship for arvandus , and he may even have given up his office of prefect of the city of rome in order not to be involved in sentencing his friend .

Despite these limitations the surviving evidence for the fifth century depicts the period in two radically different ways .
despite these limitations the surviving evidence for the fifth century [shows] the period in two radically different ways .

His family as he depicts it was one of the greatest senatorial families in Gaul .
his family as he [shows] it was one of the greatest senatorial families in gaul .

The video depicts in graphic detail some of the most difficult sexual positions and even admits that experimenters might need to be double-jointed .
the video [shows] in graphic detail some of the most difficult sexual positions and even admits that experimenters might need to be double-jointed .

The motives of public men are rarely as base or as quixotic as their enemies would have us believe ; and no portrait of MacDonald is complete which depicts him as the ambitious , fawning courtier of Labour mythology or the martyred patriot of his own invention .
the motives of public men are rarely as base or as quixotic as their enemies would have us believe ; and no portrait of macdonald is complete which [shows] him as the ambitious , fawning courtier of labour mythology or the martyred patriot of his own invention .

Figure 16–4 depicts the extreme case in which the supply curve is completely inelastic .
figure 16–4 [shows] the extreme case in which the supply curve is completely inelastic .

‘ Look , this one depicts wild flowers , ’ she said .
‘ look , this one [shows] wild flowers , ’ she said .

Rather the events he symbolically depicts are part of a larger design to reveal a historia , an unfolding of a pattern which is to be found both in the self and in a social and political fabric .
rather the events he symbolically [shows] are part of a larger design to reveal a historia , an unfolding of a pattern which is to be found both in the self and in a social and political fabric .

The only problem now is that the sticker , which depicts the shuttle soaring over the earth , is just too good to hand over .
the only problem now is that the sticker , which [shows] the shuttle soaring over the earth , is just too good to hand over .

This brass is thought to have been made by a Flemish craftsman , and depicts a woman sitting up in a four poster bed with her children around her , and twins in a cradle alongside and at the foot of the inscription Lambarde had inscribed `` No lady was more full of reverence towards God than she `` .
this brass is thought to have been made by a flemish craftsman , and [shows] a woman sitting up in a four poster bed with her children around her , and twins in a cradle alongside and at the foot of the inscription lambarde had inscribed `` no lady was more full of reverence towards god than she `` .

Coleridge depicts ‘ a stately pleasure-dome ’ set on the banks of a river ‘ girdled ’ with ‘ walls and towers ’ , with ‘ gardens bright with sinuous rills ’ , forests , fertile ground and ‘ sunny spots of greenery ’ .
coleridge [shows] ‘ a stately pleasure-dome ’ set on the banks of a river ‘ girdled ’ with ‘ walls and towers ’ , with ‘ gardens bright with sinuous rills ’ , forests , fertile ground and ‘ sunny spots of greenery ’ .

Figure 2 ( a-d ) depicts the effect of increasing concentrations of cholesteryl oleate on lysosomal latency .
figure 2 ( a-d ) [shows] the effect of increasing concentrations of cholesteryl oleate on lysosomal latency .

This enables leader behaviour to be assessed by followers on two axes as shown in Figure 10.3 , forming a 2 × 2 matrix that depicts four basic styles of leadership , none of which is inherently superior to any of the others .
this enables leader behaviour to be assessed by followers on two axes as shown in figure 10.3 , forming a 2 × 2 matrix that [shows] four basic styles of leadership , none of which is inherently superior to any of the others .

Abel has put together a demonstration system called Guernica , which is a multimedia approach to learning about the famed Picasso painting that depicts the Nazi destruction of a peaceful Basque village by air attack during the Spanish Civil War .
abel has put together a demonstration system called guernica , which is a multimedia approach to learning about the famed picasso painting that [shows] the nazi destruction of a peaceful basque village by air attack during the spanish civil war .

It said there were matters still to be resolved in adapting the new novel , To Play a King , which depicts a King of England in crisis with an unscrupulous Prime Minister .
it said there were matters still to be resolved in adapting the new novel , to play a king , which [shows] a king of england in crisis with an unscrupulous prime minister .

Watt 's Nine Men ( 1943 ) depicts a group of soldiers making their last stand in a desert hut , which has a dramatic intensity that pushes it to the edge of documentary fiction .
watt 's nine men ( 1943 ) [shows] a group of soldiers making their last stand in a desert hut , which has a dramatic intensity that pushes it to the edge of documentary fiction .

The inlay depicts intricate little scenes , including a group playing backgammon and another group with a tray of drinks .
the inlay [shows] intricate little scenes , including a group playing backgammon and another group with a tray of drinks .

The book depicts Eliot as a parodist , a plagiarist , a responder to other people 's poems , and as a seeker of shelter .
the book [shows] eliot as a parodist , a plagiarist , a responder to other people 's poems , and as a seeker of shelter .

For Suicide for Love — a synthesis by Matsuyo Akimoto of works by the seventeenth-century dramatist Monzaemon Chikamatsu — depicts a world in which individual impulses are kept in place by fierce restraints .
for suicide for love — a synthesis by matsuyo akimoto of works by the seventeenth-century dramatist monzaemon chikamatsu — [shows] a world in which individual impulses are kept in place by fierce restraints .

The altarpiece in the next chapel depicts the Marriage of St Catherine by Ignác Raab , himself a Jesuit .
the altarpiece in the next chapel [shows] the marriage of st catherine by ignác raab , himself a jesuit .

Entre la vie et la mort ( 1968 ) depicts the drama of a writer 's struggle with language and the processes of creation , aware as he is of the potentially enslaving power of words .
entre la vie et la mort ( 1968 ) [shows] the drama of a writer 's struggle with language and the processes of creation , aware as he is of the potentially enslaving power of words .

It depicts seven roses tied with a ribbon labelled ‘ Citizenship ’ .
it [shows] seven roses tied with a ribbon labelled ‘ citizenship ’ .

Tomorrow is his Feast Day , but little is known about the life of this fourth-century divine ; he was renowned as a preacher and energetic founder of nunneries , and raised the funds to build the basilica in Verona where a statue depicts him holding a fishing-rod .
tomorrow is his feast day , but little is known about the life of this fourth-century divine ; he was renowned as a preacher and energetic founder of nunneries , and raised the funds to build the basilica in verona where a statue [shows] him holding a fishing-rod .

Jacques Doucet has a pleasant collage from 1948 which depicts the Bal Negre in the rue Blomet .
jacques doucet has a pleasant collage from 1948 which [shows] the bal negre in the rue blomet .

Mrs. Leapor shows in her verses an acquaintance which surprises one with the characters of classical mythology , and depicts with some success scenes of fashionable life . She can write lines so strong as to be almost terrifying …
mrs. leapor shows in her verses an acquaintance which surprises one with the characters of classical mythology , and [shows] with some success scenes of fashionable life . she can write lines so strong as to be almost terrifying …

His poetry often depicts labouring class life vividly .
his poetry often [shows] labouring class life vividly .

It depicts the children of a Beirut orphanage in 1915 , their matchstick limbs and skull-like faces appended to huge , distended bellies .
it [shows] the children of a beirut orphanage in 1915 , their matchstick limbs and skull-like faces appended to huge , distended bellies .

Melville depicts this obsession with the sea as a mystery .
melville [shows] this obsession with the sea as a mystery .

a person commits an offence if , for payment or not , he knowingly exposes or delivers to another person who has not consented to receive it any item which , on the ground that matter contained or embodied in it — ( a ) is concerned with human or animal sexuality , or ( b ) depicts violence or cruelty , or ( c ) is gruesome or disgusting , may , if taken as a whole , be expected to outrage the majority of persons who are likely , having regard to all relevant circumstances , to read , see or hear it .
a person commits an offence if , for payment or not , he knowingly exposes or delivers to another person who has not consented to receive it any item which , on the ground that matter contained or embodied in it — ( a ) is concerned with human or animal sexuality , or ( b ) [shows] violence or cruelty , or ( c ) is gruesome or disgusting , may , if taken as a whole , be expected to outrage the majority of persons who are likely , having regard to all relevant circumstances , to read , see or hear it .

that ‘ the work depicts or describes , in a patently offensive way , sexual conduct specifically defined by the applicable state law ’ ;
that ‘ the work [shows] or describes , in a patently offensive way , sexual conduct specifically defined by the applicable state law ’ ;

The exhibition or supply of any film , video or sound recording or any other publication shall be prohibited by law if the manner in which it depicts or describes violence or sexual activity or crime is such as , when taken as a whole , to encourage the imitation or toleration of behaviour which is seriously harmful to society by a significant proportion of those who are likely , having regard to all the relevant circumstances , to read , see , or hear the matter contained or embodied in it .
the exhibition or supply of any film , video or sound recording or any other publication shall be prohibited by law if the manner in which it [shows] or describes violence or sexual activity or crime is such as , when taken as a whole , to encourage the imitation or toleration of behaviour which is seriously harmful to society by a significant proportion of those who are likely , having regard to all the relevant circumstances , to read , see , or hear the matter contained or embodied in it .

4.11 where graph ( i ) shows the demand for labour function and graph ( iii ) shows the unemployment function ; graph ( ii ) depicts a 45 ° line which enables us to switch the demand for labour axis from being vertical in graph ( i ) to being horizontal in graph ( iii ) .
4.11 where graph ( i ) shows the demand for labour function and graph ( iii ) shows the unemployment function ; graph ( ii ) [shows] a 45 ° line which enables us to switch the demand for labour axis from being vertical in graph ( i ) to being horizontal in graph ( iii ) .

It depicts the sad tale of a lavatory attendant , Jim , who reads newspapers to seek a new career .
it [shows] the sad tale of a lavatory attendant , jim , who reads newspapers to seek a new career .

It depicts the passion between Clark Gable and Jean Harlow , the elegance and class of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers and explores the relationships of off-screen lovers too , such as Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton , Bogart and Bacall and others .
it [shows] the passion between clark gable and jean harlow , the elegance and class of fred astaire and ginger rogers and explores the relationships of off-screen lovers too , such as elizabeth taylor and richard burton , bogart and bacall and others .

The cover of the January 1992 issue of Chemistry in Britain depicts the comic-book character , Prof Jocelyn Peabody , indignantly rejecting the appellation ‘ boffin ’ in favour of ‘ scientist ’ .
the cover of the january 1992 issue of chemistry in britain [shows] the comic-book character , prof jocelyn peabody , indignantly rejecting the appellation ‘ boffin ’ in favour of ‘ scientist ’ .

As we argued earlier , we can not usually allow a model which depicts reciprocal causation ; while absence-prone individuals may have difficulty getting good jobs , the former effect is probably the stronger .
as we argued earlier , we can not usually allow a model which [shows] reciprocal causation ; while absence-prone individuals may have difficulty getting good jobs , the former effect is probably the stronger .

9½ Weeks depicts the sexual encounters between a sultry , naive New York art dealer ( Kim Basinger ) and a perverse Wall Street whizz-kid ( Mickey Rourke ) .
9½ weeks [shows] the sexual encounters between a sultry , naive new york art dealer ( kim basinger ) and a perverse wall street whizz-kid ( mickey rourke ) .

Figure 7.1 depicts the weekly demand for one SKU—a single-breasted coat in one of the firm ’ s most popular sizes ( 46-regular ) —during the first twenty-four weeks of the year .
figure 7.1 [shows] the weekly demand for one sku—a single-breasted coat in one of the firm ’ s most popular sizes ( 46-regular ) —during the first twenty-four weeks of the year .

Figure 7.2 depicts the weekly demand for a different SKU—the same single-breasted coat—but this time in a less popular size ( 43-regular ) .
figure 7.2 [shows] the weekly demand for a different sku—the same single-breasted coat—but this time in a less popular size ( 43-regular ) .

The diagram in Figure 7.5 depicts the production process , including all product and information flows relevant to the inventory decision .
the diagram in figure 7.5 [shows] the production process , including all product and information flows relevant to the inventory decision .

The jagged heavy line in Figure 6.5 ( page 100 ) depicts a typical inventory pattern for a replenishable product like our blue jeans in size 8 .
the jagged heavy line in figure 6.5 ( page 100 ) [shows] a typical inventory pattern for a replenishable product like our blue jeans in size 8 .

Luis Rodriguez has written a wonderful memoir , dedicated to his son , that depicts the crazy life he led in Los Angeles in the 1970s .
luis rodriguez has written a wonderful memoir , dedicated to his son , that [shows] the crazy life he led in los angeles in the 1970s .

A film titled Mi Vida Loca , produced in 1993 , depicts the life of a group of homegirls , las locas , in the Echo Park area of Los Angeles .
a film titled mi vida loca , produced in 1993 , [shows] the life of a group of homegirls , las locas , in the echo park area of los angeles .

The film Zoot Suit , written and directed by Luis Valdez in 1981 , depicts the dress , language , and problems of Mexican American youth and especially pachucos in Los Angeles in the 1940s .
the film zoot suit , written and directed by luis valdez in 1981 , [shows] the dress , language , and problems of mexican american youth and especially pachucos in los angeles in the 1940s .

In discussing the film American Me , Rosa Linda Fregoso states that Edward James Olmos depicts extremely well the expressive behavior of pintos both in prison and outside .
in discussing the film american me , rosa linda fregoso states that edward james olmos [shows] extremely well the expressive behavior of pintos both in prison and outside .

The painting depicts the favor or miracle that occurred , the holy image or saint responsible for the miracle , and a short text that describes what occurred , including the location and date of the event .
the painting [shows] the favor or miracle that occurred , the holy image or saint responsible for the miracle , and a short text that describes what occurred , including the location and date of the event .

The printed history of the conquest of the New World depicts a violent and corrupt invasion , but there is a belief that the Black Legend has influenced the way this history has been written .
the printed history of the conquest of the new world [shows] a violent and corrupt invasion , but there is a belief that the black legend has influenced the way this history has been written .

The movie Mi Vida Loca ( My Crazy Life ) depicts the work that goes into customizing a pickup truck .
the movie mi vida loca ( my crazy life ) [shows] the work that goes into customizing a pickup truck .

She depicts the arrival of the Hispano pioneers on the llano ( plains ) of western New Mexico in the 1830s , and also that of the Anglos in the 1880s , the loss of land , the fencing-in of the plains , and the end of the era with the death of her father .
she [shows] the arrival of the hispano pioneers on the llano ( plains ) of western new mexico in the 1830s , and also that of the anglos in the 1880s , the loss of land , the fencing-in of the plains , and the end of the era with the death of her father .

Genaro Padilla refers to her writing as “ folkloric autobiography , ” a significant genre , since it is one of the few kinds of writing by Hispanos that depicts the life they either experienced or learned from their ancestors at the turn of the century .
genaro padilla refers to her writing as “ folkloric autobiography , ” a significant genre , since it is one of the few kinds of writing by hispanos that [shows] the life they either experienced or learned from their ancestors at the turn of the century .

The connected set of four lines in Figure 3.2 , from step 1 to 2 to 3 to 4 to 1 , depicts the sequence of pressure volume states of the working gas around the work cycle .
the connected set of four lines in figure 3.2 , from step 1 to 2 to 3 to 4 to 1 , [shows] the sequence of pressure volume states of the working gas around the work cycle .

Facing all the bustle of a remodeled Puerta del Sol is a statue based on Madrid ’ s coat of arms , which depicts a bear leaning against a madroño tree ( an arbutus , or strawberry tree ) .
facing all the bustle of a remodeled puerta del sol is a statue based on madrid ’ s coat of arms , which [shows] a bear leaning against a madroño tree ( an arbutus , or strawberry tree ) .

The central fountain depicts Cybele , a controversial Greek fertility goddess , serenely settled in a chariot pulled by two lions .
the central fountain [shows] cybele , a controversial greek fertility goddess , serenely settled in a chariot pulled by two lions .

On still another level , The Executions of the 3rd of May , one of history ’ s most powerful protest pictures , depicts the shooting of Spanish patriots in 1808 by the French .
on still another level , the executions of the 3rd of may , one of history ’ s most powerful protest pictures , [shows] the shooting of spanish patriots in 1808 by the french .

A magnificent polychrome retablo , rising in five tiers , depicts New Testament stories in fervent detail .
a magnificent polychrome retablo , rising in five tiers , [shows] new testament stories in fervent detail .

In a distinctly Spanish version of Italian Renaissance style , it depicts the physical and spiritual superlatives of the empire ’ s Golden Age .
in a distinctly spanish version of italian renaissance style , it [shows] the physical and spiritual superlatives of the empire ’ s golden age .

Statuary found all around the Kingdom depicts both the important deities — Osiris , Hathor , Isis and others — and the Pharaohs of the major dynasties .
statuary found all around the kingdom [shows] both the important deities — osiris , hathor , isis and others — and the pharaohs of the major dynasties .

Built to hold festivities during his visits from Thebes , the Ramesseum was decorated with majestic statues of the Pharaoh , and the pylon depicts him triumphant at the Battle of Qadesh when he quashed the Hittites .
built to hold festivities during his visits from thebes , the ramesseum was decorated with majestic statues of the pharaoh , and the pylon [shows] him triumphant at the battle of qadesh when he quashed the hittites .

Room 21 : Vittore Carpaccio depicts in nine canvases the bizarre Story of St. Ursula , a British princess , said to have led 11,000 virgins on a pilgrimage to Rome , all of whom were raped and slaughtered on their way back .
room 21 : vittore carpaccio [shows] in nine canvases the bizarre story of st. ursula , a british princess , said to have led 11,000 virgins on a pilgrimage to rome , all of whom were raped and slaughtered on their way back .

The superb central rose window , encircling a statue of the Madonna and Child , depicts the Redemption after the Fall .
the superb central rose window , encircling a statue of the madonna and child , [shows] the redemption after the fall .

The first of Grünewald ’ s painted panels depicts on one side the conversion and temptation of Anthony and on the other the birth of Jesus and a chorus of angels .
the first of grünewald ’ s painted panels [shows] on one side the conversion and temptation of anthony and on the other the birth of jesus and a chorus of angels .

This masterpiece of Provençal Romanesque sculpture depicts the Last Judgment in the tympanum above the doors , surrounded by statues of the saints .
this masterpiece of provençal romanesque sculpture [shows] the last judgment in the tympanum above the doors , surrounded by statues of the saints .

It depicts a wind- and sea-swept Sir George in a dramatic — perhaps anguished — pose with arms outstretched .
it [shows] a wind- and sea-swept sir george in a dramatic — perhaps anguished — pose with arms outstretched .

Within the grounds , there ’ s a Catholic church with a splendid Romanesque portal ( another reconstruction ) and one of the city ’ s favourite statues , which depicts the medieval chronicler who gave Hungary its ﬁrst written records .
within the grounds , there ’ s a catholic church with a splendid romanesque portal ( another reconstruction ) and one of the city ’ s favourite statues , which [shows] the medieval chronicler who gave hungary its ﬁrst written records .

The superb central rose window depicts the Redemption after the Fall .
the superb central rose window [shows] the redemption after the fall .

One , named Raices ( Roots ) , depicts members of each of the races that have contributed to the modern Puerto Rican mix , surrounded by playful dolphins .
one , named raices ( roots ) , [shows] members of each of the races that have contributed to the modern puerto rican mix , surrounded by playful dolphins .

A statue depicts a group of defiant freedom fighters .
a statue [shows] a group of defiant freedom fighters .

Equidistant between El Castillo and the Temple of the Skulls , the Templo de Venus ( Temple of Venus ) depicts the goddess as a feathered serpent devouring a human head .
equidistant between el castillo and the temple of the skulls , the templo de venus ( temple of venus ) [shows] the goddess as a feathered serpent devouring a human head .

The famous set of frescoes in the tomb of Prince Zhanghuai depicts an animated polo match , a hunting expedition , a reception for foreign diplomats , and ( most movingly ) a scene in a court cloister with a young concubine looking longingly at a bird in flight .
the famous set of frescoes in the tomb of prince zhanghuai [shows] an animated polo match , a hunting expedition , a reception for foreign diplomats , and ( most movingly ) a scene in a court cloister with a young concubine looking longingly at a bird in flight .

The huge waterfront sculpture depicts Prince Henry the Navigator at the prow of a stylized caravel jutting into the Tagus River .
the huge waterfront sculpture [shows] prince henry the navigator at the prow of a stylized caravel jutting into the tagus river .

Beneath a colony of ever-present pigeons , it depicts Gualdim Pais , Grand Master of the Portuguese branch of the crusading Order of the Knights Templar , to whom the town was granted in 1157 .
beneath a colony of ever-present pigeons , it [shows] gualdim pais , grand master of the portuguese branch of the crusading order of the knights templar , to whom the town was granted in 1157 .

The attention-getting piece depicts the family geneaology of Christ .
the attention-getting piece [shows] the family geneaology of christ .

A museum outside the stockade depicts the life of the 17th-century French-Canadians , including the artifacts and birchbark canoes of the fur traders .
a museum outside the stockade [shows] the life of the 17th-century french-canadians , including the artifacts and birchbark canoes of the fur traders .

The seated figures of Plato and Socrates sit guarding the Academy entrance and an intricately carved pediment depicts the gods and goddesses of the ancient world ; these were sculpted by Leonídas Drósis .
the seated figures of plato and socrates sit guarding the academy entrance and an intricately carved pediment [shows] the gods and goddesses of the ancient world ; these were sculpted by leonídas drósis .

Look out also for painting A17 , by a lesser-known artist , Gerrit Adriaensz Berckheyde , which depicts Herengracht in 1672 when its grand houses were just being completed .
look out also for painting a17 , by a lesser-known artist , gerrit adriaensz berckheyde , which [shows] herengracht in 1672 when its grand houses were just being completed .

Known as the Cruz de Portugal ( Cross of Portugal ) , it depicts the crucifixion of Christ on one face and the descent from the cross on the other .
known as the cruz de portugal ( cross of portugal ) , it [shows] the crucifixion of christ on one face and the descent from the cross on the other .

Unearthed in Faro , it is nicknamed the “ Ocean Mosaic , ” for it depicts a bearded sea-god ( though the bulldozer that discovered it in 1976 shaved off the lower half of his face ) .
unearthed in faro , it is nicknamed the “ ocean mosaic , ” for it [shows] a bearded sea-god ( though the bulldozer that discovered it in 1976 shaved off the lower half of his face ) .

This huge , splendid waterfront sculpture depicts Prince Henry the Navigator at the prow of a stylized caravel that juts into the Tagus River .
this huge , splendid waterfront sculpture [shows] prince henry the navigator at the prow of a stylized caravel that juts into the tagus river .

The garish painting , an exercise in bad judgment and sloppy execution , depicts evolution from an ammonite to a dinosaur to advanced ( and presumably socialist ) Homo sapiens .
the garish painting , an exercise in bad judgment and sloppy execution , [shows] evolution from an ammonite to a dinosaur to advanced ( and presumably socialist ) homo sapiens .

Michael Swan depicts Bermudian architecture in minimalist fashion , while artists such as Carol Holding or Bruce Stuart paint a more literal picture .
michael swan [shows] bermudian architecture in minimalist fashion , while artists such as carol holding or bruce stuart paint a more literal picture .

The mural depicts two motorcycles in the back of a pickup , which is headed toward the beach .
the mural [shows] two motorcycles in the back of a pickup , which is headed toward the beach .

Figure 1 depicts the proposed framework : 8 U.S. General Accounting Office , Government Reorganization : Issues and Principles , GAO/T-GGD/AIMD-95-166 ( Washington , D.C. : May 17 , 1995 ) .
figure 1 [shows] the proposed framework : 8 u.s. general accounting office , government reorganization : issues and principles , gao/t-ggd/aimd-95-166 ( washington , d.c. : may 17 , 1995 ) .

The model depicts the links between saving and the economy over the long term and does not reflect their interrelationships during short-term business cycles .
the model [shows] the links between saving and the economy over the long term and does not reflect their interrelationships during short-term business cycles .

Exhibit A-3 in Appendix A depicts the timeline expected for completing a single unit installation of SCR .
exhibit a-3 in appendix a [shows] the timeline expected for completing a single unit installation of scr .

Exhibit A-5 in Appendix A depicts the timeline expected for completing a single unit installation of ACI .
exhibit a-5 in appendix a [shows] the timeline expected for completing a single unit installation of aci .

A videotape of Bahaji 's October 9 , 1999 , wedding at the Quds mosque , recovered by German authorities after the September 11 attacks , depicts Binalshibh giving a speech denouncing Jews as a problem for all Muslims .
a videotape of bahaji 's october 9 , 1999 , wedding at the quds mosque , recovered by german authorities after the september 11 attacks , [shows] binalshibh giving a speech denouncing jews as a problem for all muslims .

The paper depicts both President Clinton and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin as trying to de-escalate .
the paper [shows] both president clinton and russian prime minister vladimir putin as trying to de-escalate .

The novelist is not only a card-carrying Communist , he , like last year 's winner , is an official enemy of the Catholic church -- one of his stories depicts Jesus losing his virginity to Mary Magdelene .
the novelist is not only a card-carrying communist , he , like last year 's winner , is an official enemy of the catholic church -- one of his stories [shows] jesus losing his virginity to mary magdelene .

A WSJ front-page feature depicts the interactions of a computer industry consortium focused on keeping Microsoft at bay , the so-called NOISE group : Netscape , Oracle , IBM , Sun and Everybody else .
a wsj front-page feature [shows] the interactions of a computer industry consortium focused on keeping microsoft at bay , the so-called noise group : netscape , oracle , ibm , sun and everybody else .

The paper depicts the other dominoes it sees waiting to fall : if the stock market continues to be unconvinced , then consumer confidence will be weakened , and then consumer spending will drop and then ... kablooey .
the paper [shows] the other dominoes it sees waiting to fall : if the stock market continues to be unconvinced , then consumer confidence will be weakened , and then consumer spending will drop and then ... kablooey .

Readers are invited to notice how often nowadays the main front-page picture of their paper depicts death .
readers are invited to notice how often nowadays the main front-page picture of their paper [shows] death .

The NYT depicts the U.N. report as striking in its institutional candor : Although commissioned by the current Secretary-General , Kofi Annan , the report criticizes him and his predecessor , Boutros Boutros-Ghali , for failing to take decisive action as the peacekeeping troops on the ground in Rwanda reported back about the Hutu militia 's plans for ethnic attacks against Tutsis and about their accumulating weapons caches towards that end .
the nyt [shows] the u.n. report as striking in its institutional candor : although commissioned by the current secretary-general , kofi annan , the report criticizes him and his predecessor , boutros boutros-ghali , for failing to take decisive action as the peacekeeping troops on the ground in rwanda reported back about the hutu militia 's plans for ethnic attacks against tutsis and about their accumulating weapons caches towards that end .

The company 's Web page depicts him as a Cincinnatus of retailing , one who `` did not set out to found a retail group , but did so as a result of one of his passions , the discovery of fine craftsmanship and design . ''
the company 's web page [shows] him as a cincinnatus of retailing , one who `` did not set out to found a retail group , but did so as a result of one of his passions , the discovery of fine craftsmanship and design . ''

A long profile of Bob Hope depicts him as the first corporate comic .
a long profile of bob hope [shows] him as the first corporate comic .

Meanwhile , liberals carp that her tone mirrors the anger of the black radicals she depicts .
meanwhile , liberals carp that her tone mirrors the anger of the black radicals she [shows] .

Encomiums for the sitcom -- which depicts the goings-on behind the scenes of a TV talk show -- praise star and creator Garry Shandling 's deadpan humor , the show 's skewering of show biz , and its blurring of life and art with celebrity cameos ( guests on the final episode include Jerry Seinfeld , Warren Beatty , and Jim Carrey ) .
encomiums for the sitcom -- which [shows] the goings-on behind the scenes of a tv talk show -- praise star and creator garry shandling 's deadpan humor , the show 's skewering of show biz , and its blurring of life and art with celebrity cameos ( guests on the final episode include jerry seinfeld , warren beatty , and jim carrey ) .

The cover story , adapted from Michael Lewis ' forthcoming The New New Thing , depicts Jim Clark as the personification of Silicon Valley 's spirit of relentless reinvention .
the cover story , adapted from michael lewis ' forthcoming the new new thing , [shows] jim clark as the personification of silicon valley 's spirit of relentless reinvention .

Inspired , no doubt , by the reception to South Park on television and to its ancestor Mike Judge 's Beavis and Butt-head , the film depicts nations going to war , thousands being gorily slaughtered , and characters journeying to heaven and hell .
inspired , no doubt , by the reception to south park on television and to its ancestor mike judge 's beavis and butt-head , the film [shows] nations going to war , thousands being gorily slaughtered , and characters journeying to heaven and hell .

The cover cartoon , however , depicts her as a tourist ambling through Central Park , about to be mugged by a truncheon-wielding Rudolph Giuliani .
the cover cartoon , however , [shows] her as a tourist ambling through central park , about to be mugged by a truncheon-wielding rudolph giuliani .

The cover story depicts retired Rep. Bill Paxon as the `` shadow speaker . ''
the cover story [shows] retired rep. bill paxon as the `` shadow speaker . ''

I have no problem with elephant dung ( which is just chewed up grass anyway ) , and I 'd guess the reason the painting set off such a furor is that it depicts a black Virgin Mary .
i have no problem with elephant dung ( which is just chewed up grass anyway ) , and i 'd guess the reason the painting set off such a furor is that it [shows] a black virgin mary .

Most of the coverage depicts John as the victim of a family `` curse . ''
most of the coverage [shows] john as the victim of a family `` curse . ''

The disturbances of work and consumption that Faludi so brilliantly depicts are , I think , global in scope , they cut across the boundaries of gender , and they transcend sexual vanity .
the disturbances of work and consumption that faludi so brilliantly [shows] are , i think , global in scope , they cut across the boundaries of gender , and they transcend sexual vanity .

Today 's New York Post cartoon by Sean Delonas depicts a recently divorced Michael Jackson out on the town ogling stripping babies .
today 's new york post cartoon by sean delonas [shows] a recently divorced michael jackson out on the town ogling stripping babies .

Nonetheless , the Supreme Court 's decision in Denver Consortium seems to me to firmly stand for the proposition that the government has a compelling interest in shielding children from `` indecent '' speech : Speech that depicts or describes `` sexual or excretory activities or organs '' in `` patently offensive terms , '' whether the speech is pornographic or not .
nonetheless , the supreme court 's decision in denver consortium seems to me to firmly stand for the proposition that the government has a compelling interest in shielding children from `` indecent '' speech : speech that [shows] or describes `` sexual or excretory activities or organs '' in `` patently offensive terms , '' whether the speech is pornographic or not .

The Star says the Starr report will disclose that Clinton has particular ideas about the Second Coming when it depicts a sexual encounter with Lewinsky at the White House following Easter Sunday church services .
the star says the starr report will disclose that clinton has particular ideas about the second coming when it [shows] a sexual encounter with lewinsky at the white house following easter sunday church services .

This painting depicts the Gulf War All-Star starting five of George Bush , James Baker , Dick Cheney , Brent Scowcroft , and Colin Powell .
this painting [shows] the gulf war all-star starting five of george bush , james baker , dick cheney , brent scowcroft , and colin powell .

Consider the puzzling way the movie depicts the sexual lives of its characters .
consider the puzzling way the movie [shows] the sexual lives of its characters .

The NYT depicts the military struggle as more one-sided , conducted by `` brutal , rag-tag militias that oppose independence . ''
the nyt [shows] the military struggle as more one-sided , conducted by `` brutal , rag-tag militias that oppose independence . ''

Time 's profile of Kenneth Starr depicts him as conservative , overzealous , and nerdy .
time 's profile of kenneth starr [shows] him as conservative , overzealous , and nerdy .

A piece about Internet gossip Matt Drudge depicts him as a charming , naive young man who made a terrible mistake in reporting that White House aide Sidney Blumenthal beat his wife .
a piece about internet gossip matt drudge [shows] him as a charming , naive young man who made a terrible mistake in reporting that white house aide sidney blumenthal beat his wife .

A long profile of Benjamin Netanyahu depicts him as pompous , mean , adulterous , arrogant , deceitful , and cheap .
a long profile of benjamin netanyahu [shows] him as pompous , mean , adulterous , arrogant , deceitful , and cheap .

Alexie 's forthcoming film , Smoke Signals ( produced , directed , written by , and starring American Indians ) , depicts reservation life accurately and touchingly .
alexie 's forthcoming film , smoke signals ( produced , directed , written by , and starring american indians ) , [shows] reservation life accurately and touchingly .

A stunning overhead photo depicts droves of worshipers at Mecca .
a stunning overhead photo [shows] droves of worshipers at mecca .

A piece about Internet gossip Matt Drudge depicts him as a charming , naive young man who made a terrible mistake in reporting that White House aide Sidney Blumenthal beat his wife .
a piece about internet gossip matt drudge [shows] him as a charming , naive young man who made a terrible mistake in reporting that white house aide sidney blumenthal beat his wife .

In addition to the waif ad is one that depicts a little girl answering questions .
in addition to the waif ad is one that [shows] a little girl answering questions .

The LAT front-page account of all this depicts Gingrich in a somewhat more ironic light , quoting the Speaker as saying that in his discussions with Jiang , he saw `` no defense of dictatorship '' of the sort the Soviets used to make .
the lat front-page account of all this [shows] gingrich in a somewhat more ironic light , quoting the speaker as saying that in his discussions with jiang , he saw `` no defense of dictatorship '' of the sort the soviets used to make .

Similarly , the WP runs a `` Style '' section piece that quotes a spokesman for MGM-United Artists , the studio responsible for `` Red Corner , '' which depicts an oppressive Beijing court system , as saying , `` the film is presented solely for its entertainment value . ''
similarly , the wp runs a `` style '' section piece that quotes a spokesman for mgm-united artists , the studio responsible for `` red corner , '' which [shows] an oppressive beijing court system , as saying , `` the film is presented solely for its entertainment value . ''

The overall point of the book is familiar -- the NYT headline is `` Book Depicts JFK as Reckless and Immoral '' -- but the details and sourcing are new .
the overall point of the book is familiar -- the nyt headline is `` book [shows] jfk as reckless and immoral '' -- but the details and sourcing are new .

The whole display vividly depicts what men have envied for so long .
the whole display vividly [shows] what men have envied for so long .

Most appallingly indicative of its age , the forthcoming movie The Messenger depicts Joan as `` a victim of post-traumatic stress disorder . ''
most appallingly indicative of its age , the forthcoming movie the messenger [shows] joan as `` a victim of post-traumatic stress disorder . ''

Newsweek also depicts new Chinese head of state Jiang Zemin as a law-and-order moralist who is much less comfortable with capitalism 's excesses than Deng was .
newsweek also [shows] new chinese head of state jiang zemin as a law-and-order moralist who is much less comfortable with capitalism 's excesses than deng was .

The cover package depicts Kelly Flinn 's case as an irreconcilable `` conflict between two codes of conduct , '' military and romantic .
the cover package [shows] kelly flinn 's case as an irreconcilable `` conflict between two codes of conduct , '' military and romantic .

A warm profile of playwright Wendy Wasserstein , whose new Broadway play opens this month , depicts her as an establishment figure who still thinks of herself as an outsider .
a warm profile of playwright wendy wasserstein , whose new broadway play opens this month , [shows] her as an establishment figure who still thinks of herself as an outsider .

A piece depicts royal mistress Camilla Parker Bowles as a smart , funny charmer who knows how to get Prince Charles to relax .
a piece [shows] royal mistress camilla parker bowles as a smart , funny charmer who knows how to get prince charles to relax .

The article depicts debauchery of every kind , all involving alcohol or women or both .
the article [shows] debauchery of every kind , all involving alcohol or women or both .

A fold-out chart depicts how a few conglomerates ( News Corp. , Hearst , Viacom , Advance , etc . )
a fold-out chart [shows] how a few conglomerates ( news corp. , hearst , viacom , advance , etc . )

As in recent editions , `` Fashions '' depicts no models , only `` real '' women .
as in recent editions , `` fashions '' [shows] no models , only `` real '' women .

A profile of John Major depicts him as colorless and competent .
a profile of john major [shows] him as colorless and competent .

The article depicts Kann as an ineffectual pushover and his wife , Karen House , a reporter-turned-Dow Jones exec. , as a monster who terrorizes her Wall Street Journal underlings .
the article [shows] kann as an ineffectual pushover and his wife , karen house , a reporter-turned-dow jones exec. , as a monster who terrorizes her wall street journal underlings .

A photo essay by Sebastiao Salgado depicts Brazil 's landless peasants .
a photo essay by sebastiao salgado [shows] brazil 's landless peasants .

The article depicts Kann as an ineffectual pushover and his wife , Karen House , a reporter-turned-Dow Jones exec. , as a monster who terrorizes her Wall Street Journal underlings .
the article [shows] kann as an ineffectual pushover and his wife , karen house , a reporter-turned-dow jones exec. , as a monster who terrorizes her wall street journal underlings .

A bizarre photo essay depicts a husband and wife who have worn matching outfits every day for the last 17 years .
a bizarre photo essay [shows] a husband and wife who have worn matching outfits every day for the last 17 years .

The nuances of the administration 's thinking about sanctions are on display in a NYT front-page piece that depicts Bill Clinton at a White House meeting of Christian evangelical leaders , unaware that a Times reporter was there too .
the nuances of the administration 's thinking about sanctions are on display in a nyt front-page piece that [shows] bill clinton at a white house meeting of christian evangelical leaders , unaware that a times reporter was there too .

The drawing , done by an expedition mate of Sir Walter Raleigh 's , portrays the state of native grace that the rest of the chapter ( `` Encounter , 1492-1600 '' ) depicts a falling away from .
the drawing , done by an expedition mate of sir walter raleigh 's , portrays the state of native grace that the rest of the chapter ( `` encounter , 1492-1600 '' ) [shows] a falling away from .

As for Johnson 's character , the movie depicts him as a gangster with a heart , but a gangster nonetheless .
as for johnson 's character , the movie [shows] him as a gangster with a heart , but a gangster nonetheless .

A humorless pen-and-ink drawing of the same subject by Raphael that appears later in the show depicts Hercules staring down the Hydra .
a humorless pen-and-ink drawing of the same subject by raphael that appears later in the show [shows] hercules staring down the hydra .

It depicts the giant Tityus , whose punishment for raping the goddess Leto was to have his liver ripped out each day by a vulture , only to have it grow back each night .
it [shows] the giant tityus , whose punishment for raping the goddess leto was to have his liver ripped out each day by a vulture , only to have it grow back each night .

What I love about it is , the pack they chose to illustrate the story is something called `` Herbal Gold Cherry Flavor , '' and it depicts a jolly leprechaun with a shamrock in one hand and a cigarette in the other .
what i love about it is , the pack they chose to illustrate the story is something called `` herbal gold cherry flavor , '' and it [shows] a jolly leprechaun with a shamrock in one hand and a cigarette in the other .

Ferber depicts the ritual as the child 's natural progress toward nocturnal self-reliance .
ferber [shows] the ritual as the child 's natural progress toward nocturnal self-reliance .

The coverage includes the de rigueur interviews with shocked neighbors , and depicts Furrow as a neo-Nazi racist , who has been involved with each of the three most dangerous white hate groups .
the coverage includes the de rigueur interviews with shocked neighbors , and [shows] furrow as a neo-nazi racist , who has been involved with each of the three most dangerous white hate groups .

The accompanying photo is just as striking and informal : It depicts Olney , dishcloth tucked into the waistband of his jeans , shelling peas in his Provence kitchen .
the accompanying photo is just as striking and informal : it [shows] olney , dishcloth tucked into the waistband of his jeans , shelling peas in his provence kitchen .

Stephanopoulos is kinder to the first lady , whom he depicts as passionate and strong .
stephanopoulos is kinder to the first lady , whom he [shows] as passionate and strong .

Time 's cover depicts soldiers in the spring 's most anticipated war -- in other words , actors from Star Wars : The Phantom Menace .
time 's cover [shows] soldiers in the spring 's most anticipated war -- in other words , actors from star wars : the phantom menace .

A photo spread depicts how people have made various unlikely settings -- including missile silos , water towers , and mausoleums -- into cozy and functional homes .
a photo spread [shows] how people have made various unlikely settings -- including missile silos , water towers , and mausoleums -- into cozy and functional homes .

Perhaps even more demoralizing has been a controversial TV melodrama called Mossad , which , according to the agency , depicts agents as buffoonish playboys .
perhaps even more demoralizing has been a controversial tv melodrama called mossad , which , according to the agency , [shows] agents as buffoonish playboys .

Re-released two weeks ago to commemorate its 25 th anniversary , The Godfather depicts Mafiosi ruling a sprawling business empire in the 1940s .
re-released two weeks ago to commemorate its 25 th anniversary , the godfather [shows] mafiosi ruling a sprawling business empire in the 1940s .

The CDA , as most people reading this probably know , attempts to regulate content through criminal penalties for those who violate standards of decency ( standards drawn so broadly that they might prohibit , for instance , David Sedaris ' `` Diary '' from last week ) with `` any comment , request , suggestion , proposal , image , or other communication that , in context , depicts or describes , in terms patently offensive as measured by contemporary standards , sexual or excretory activities or organs . ''
the cda , as most people reading this probably know , attempts to regulate content through criminal penalties for those who violate standards of decency ( standards drawn so broadly that they might prohibit , for instance , david sedaris ' `` diary '' from last week ) with `` any comment , request , suggestion , proposal , image , or other communication that , in context , [shows] or describes , in terms patently offensive as measured by contemporary standards , sexual or excretory activities or organs . ''

Temporal language often depicts the passage of time not merely as fast , relentless , and irrevocable but also , more and more , as conceptually slippery .
temporal language often [shows] the passage of time not merely as fast , relentless , and irrevocable but also , more and more , as conceptually slippery .

The Post piece on Middle East repercussions depicts Netanyahu attributing the current situation to Arafat , quoting him saying that `` Arafat must make a choice '' about whether he wants his country to `` behave like a terror-sponsoring entity . ''
the post piece on middle east repercussions [shows] netanyahu attributing the current situation to arafat , quoting him saying that `` arafat must make a choice '' about whether he wants his country to `` behave like a terror-sponsoring entity . ''

The NYT depicts the rapidly disintegrating political relations between Israel and Palestine , reporting that yesterday , Israel `` threatened to send commandos into Palestinian areas and had decreed a series of severe punitive measures against the Palestinian Authority .
the nyt [shows] the rapidly disintegrating political relations between israel and palestine , reporting that yesterday , israel `` threatened to send commandos into palestinian areas and had decreed a series of severe punitive measures against the palestinian authority .

The union 's command center is a cathedral to bureaucratic power , the only diplomatic structure I 've ever been in that actually looks the way Hollywood depicts diplomatic life .
the union 's command center is a cathedral to bureaucratic power , the only diplomatic structure i 've ever been in that actually looks the way hollywood [shows] diplomatic life .

England , as Mike Leigh depicts it 36 .
england , as mike leigh [shows] it 36 .

While the other papers ' reports of the day 's events in and around Albania emphasize the details of the air activity , the LAT lead instead focuses on the reactions of the Yugoslavians , who it depicts as `` undeterred . ''
while the other papers ' reports of the day 's events in and around albania emphasize the details of the air activity , the lat lead instead focuses on the reactions of the yugoslavians , who it [shows] as `` undeterred . ''

If so , look for a Nathan Detroit comeback soon : The picture inside USAT of Clinton making his remarks about the tobacco bill depicts the president in a sartorial style rarely seen in official Washington -- a dark shirt and a light tie .
if so , look for a nathan detroit comeback soon : the picture inside usat of clinton making his remarks about the tobacco bill [shows] the president in a sartorial style rarely seen in official washington -- a dark shirt and a light tie .

The USAT account depicts a determined , fervent Clinton .
the usat account [shows] a determined , fervent clinton .

