The Bayanihan Philippine Dance Company , with music and dances that depict the many facets of Filipino culture , opens its 60-city U.S. tour in San Francisco ( through Sept. 24 ) then , via one-night stands , moves on to Los Angeles ( Sept. 29 thru Oct. 1 ) .
the bayanihan philippine dance company , with music and dances that [show] the many facets of filipino culture , opens its 60-city u.s. tour in san francisco ( through sept. 24 ) then , via one-night stands , moves on to los angeles ( sept. 29 thru oct. 1 ) .

The contemporary painter tends to depict not the concrete objects of his experience but their essences as revealed in abstractions of their lines , colors , masses , and energies .
the contemporary painter tends to [show] not the concrete objects of his experience but their essences as revealed in abstractions of their lines , colors , masses , and energies .

But put them before a situation which they are forced to depict '' , -- he was speaking of the Spanish civil war , -- `` and they have no hesitation ; ;
but put them before a situation which they are forced to [show] '' , -- he was speaking of the spanish civil war , -- `` and they have no hesitation ; ;

Stars from The Mikado and the Yeoman of the Guard , the 2 light operas the company are performing in Oxford this week , took time away from rehearsals to launch the new Royal Mail stamps which depict 5 Gilbert and Sullivan favourites .
stars from the mikado and the yeoman of the guard , the 2 light operas the company are performing in oxford this week , took time away from rehearsals to launch the new royal mail stamps which [show] 5 gilbert and sullivan favourites .

Two of a series of five stamps issued today to mark the 14th World Orchid Conference depict Papua and New Guinea orchids Dendrobium hellwigianum , on the 18p stamp , and Dendrobium vexillarius on the 39p stamp , that Paddy Woods has spent 30 years investigating .
two of a series of five stamps issued today to mark the 14th world orchid conference [show] papua and new guinea orchids dendrobium hellwigianum , on the 18p stamp , and dendrobium vexillarius on the 39p stamp , that paddy woods has spent 30 years investigating .

But if the citizens of Ballantrae or Blantyre decide to emulate the townsfolk of Bayeux and embroider a record of the Scottish Council Development & Industry 's recent trade mission to Paris and Lyon , there will be no shortage of bad omens to depict .
but if the citizens of ballantrae or blantyre decide to emulate the townsfolk of bayeux and embroider a record of the scottish council development & industry 's recent trade mission to paris and lyon , there will be no shortage of bad omens to [show] .

This is set in Ulster and sets out to depict ordinary people getting on with their lives .
this is set in ulster and sets out to [show] ordinary people getting on with their lives .

The five stamps depict Nativity scenes from stained glass church windows and go on sale on Tuesday .
the five stamps [show] nativity scenes from stained glass church windows and go on sale on tuesday .

In some areas the surveyors coloured their maps to depict the boundaries of the various rock formations observed , but the geology thus shown was of a very general nature .
in some areas the surveyors coloured their maps to [show] the boundaries of the various rock formations observed , but the geology thus shown was of a very general nature .

When choosing one of the many pocket field guides around , make sure any illustrations actually look to you like the birds they 're supposed to depict .
when choosing one of the many pocket field guides around , make sure any illustrations actually look to you like the birds they 're supposed to [show] .

When it comes to the mother-in-law/son-in-law relationship , this is often a little less complicated , in spite of all those mother-in-law jokes that depict it as a continuous battle between a slightly hen-pecked , but still spirited little man , and his wife 's fierce , ugly , overweight mother .
when it comes to the mother-in-law/son-in-law relationship , this is often a little less complicated , in spite of all those mother-in-law jokes that [show] it as a continuous battle between a slightly hen-pecked , but still spirited little man , and his wife 's fierce , ugly , overweight mother .

Shields carried by Middenheim troops often depict the wolf in some guise or other .
shields carried by middenheim troops often [show] the wolf in some guise or other .

The colour uniforms shown elsewhere depict examples of popular patterns and dress styles — it would be easy to find state regiments which mix the styles shown with any of the possible colour combinations .
the colour uniforms shown elsewhere [show] examples of popular patterns and dress styles — it would be easy to find state regiments which mix the styles shown with any of the possible colour combinations .

The white lines depict the outlines of the Cairngorm and immediately adjacent granites .
the white lines [show] the outlines of the cairngorm and immediately adjacent granites .

The works of its members depict scenes of working people and often political messages , particularly in support of Korean reunification .
the works of its members [show] scenes of working people and often political messages , particularly in support of korean reunification .

By aiming to depict Life in the 1990s , Kasdan has probably bitten off more than he can chew , but he masticates bravely .
by aiming to [show] life in the 1990s , kasdan has probably bitten off more than he can chew , but he masticates bravely .

The hawk was sacred to her , and was used to depict her symbolically in art .
the hawk was sacred to her , and was used to [show] her symbolically in art .

The carvings depict exotic ideas and discoveries — strange animals , flowers , trees and a round world instead of a flat one .
the carvings [show] exotic ideas and discoveries — strange animals , flowers , trees and a round world instead of a flat one .

But the inner reformation demanded that we abandon our old earth-bound modes of perception and Hilton uses the metaphor of the pilgrimage to depict this process .
but the inner reformation demanded that we abandon our old earth-bound modes of perception and hilton uses the metaphor of the pilgrimage to [show] this process .

News concerning the development in style took a little time to percolate through to the country ; a sculptor carving a resurrection scene on a 1707 headstone outside the south door of Uffington church , Oxfordshire , continues to depict the gable-lidded coffin .
news concerning the development in style took a little time to percolate through to the country ; a sculptor carving a resurrection scene on a 1707 headstone outside the south door of uffington church , oxfordshire , continues to [show] the gable-lidded coffin .

Three coffins in the Bell vault at Milton , Kent , depict the development of case decoration between the 1820s and the 1850s .
three coffins in the bell vault at milton , kent , [show] the development of case decoration between the 1820s and the 1850s .

Despite its elegance , the collection managed to depict an image of women so passive that the designs would probably have been snapped up by Qantas as uniforms for its air hostesses in late 1972 .
despite its elegance , the collection managed to [show] an image of women so passive that the designs would probably have been snapped up by qantas as uniforms for its air hostesses in late 1972 .

Typically , the figurines which they made are 20 centimetres high and depict worshippers in attitudes of adoration , or reclining goats , or cattle .
typically , the figurines which they made are 20 centimetres high and [show] worshippers in attitudes of adoration , or reclining goats , or cattle .

Sealstones and frescoes often depict cult scenes ; stone vessels were often intended for cult use ; the finest faience figurines were idols ; the metal and clay figurines and miniature double-axes were intended as offerings to deities ; the recurring marine motif on the pottery and in frescoes may have had a cult association with the worship of Poseidon .
sealstones and frescoes often [show] cult scenes ; stone vessels were often intended for cult use ; the finest faience figurines were idols ; the metal and clay figurines and miniature double-axes were intended as offerings to deities ; the recurring marine motif on the pottery and in frescoes may have had a cult association with the worship of poseidon .

Often their work appears to depict the fleeting moment .
often their work appears to [show] the fleeting moment .

Part of the problem is , of course , that Kant 's claim that animals lack self-consciousness , implicit also in Ritchie , finds no favour with contemporary enthusiasts ; on the contrary , as we have had reason to note on several occasions , the liberationists depict creatures with so many human attributes that it is almost surprising to find them denied full moral agency .
part of the problem is , of course , that kant 's claim that animals lack self-consciousness , implicit also in ritchie , finds no favour with contemporary enthusiasts ; on the contrary , as we have had reason to note on several occasions , the liberationists [show] creatures with so many human attributes that it is almost surprising to find them denied full moral agency .

Posters continue to fascinate and so often depict one-off , rare or even imaginary aircraft .
posters continue to fascinate and so often [show] one-off , rare or even imaginary aircraft .

Thom could safely be publicly discounted as an eccentric ( he was indeed something of an eccentric in many of his personal habits ) and a generally irrelevant gadfly , but it was rather more difficult to depict Hawkins 's computer in the same light .
thom could safely be publicly discounted as an eccentric ( he was indeed something of an eccentric in many of his personal habits ) and a generally irrelevant gadfly , but it was rather more difficult to [show] hawkins 's computer in the same light .

John Berger has noticed that his drawings — and later his paintings — contain in their ink , their crayon , their pigment , what he calls ‘ the labour of being ’ of what they depict .
john berger has noticed that his drawings — and later his paintings — contain in their ink , their crayon , their pigment , what he calls ‘ the labour of being ’ of what they [show] .

The bronze bust on a marble pedestal , found last autumn in excavations to extend the Roman site of Herculaneum towards the sea and thought to depict the young Bacchus , has been taken to Pompeii for restoration .
the bronze bust on a marble pedestal , found last autumn in excavations to extend the roman site of herculaneum towards the sea and thought to [show] the young bacchus , has been taken to pompeii for restoration .

Although he was the first artist to depict Australia in an original , Australian way , he was largely rejected by his own countrymen after 1955 when he came to live in England .
although he was the first artist to [show] australia in an original , australian way , he was largely rejected by his own countrymen after 1955 when he came to live in england .

Testament to the power of the Russian spirit during the years of repression , Vladimir Sulyagin 's collages depict ‘ non-people ’ under Stalinism : Mayakovsky , Eisenstein , Akhmatova , Sakharov , Mandelstam .
testament to the power of the russian spirit during the years of repression , vladimir sulyagin 's collages [show] ‘ non-people ’ under stalinism : mayakovsky , eisenstein , akhmatova , sakharov , mandelstam .

My works never decorate , illustrate or depict a site .
my works never decorate , illustrate or [show] a site .

The literary truth is that Modernism was in the end a starved and blighted world , joylessly based on a denial that language can depict the real .
the literary truth is that modernism was in the end a starved and blighted world , joylessly based on a denial that language can [show] the real .

Some pairs of boots and wellingtons were lined up beside it , and on the wall , above a crude , oil landscape that seemed meant to depict the moor where the diver nested , was a long rack , presumably meant for fishing-rods .
some pairs of boots and wellingtons were lined up beside it , and on the wall , above a crude , oil landscape that seemed meant to [show] the moor where the diver nested , was a long rack , presumably meant for fishing-rods .

The drawings , by Talman himself and a group of mainly Italian artists , depict objects from ecclesiastical and princely treasuries , many of which disappeared during the Napoleonic invasions .
the drawings , by talman himself and a group of mainly italian artists , [show] objects from ecclesiastical and princely treasuries , many of which disappeared during the napoleonic invasions .

Produced for 20th Century Fox by Elmo Williams , the film crews had the daunting job of recreating two air forces and two navies in numbers sufficient to depict the massed Japanese attackers and , for lack of a better phrase , the massed American targets .
produced for 20th century fox by elmo williams , the film crews had the daunting job of recreating two air forces and two navies in numbers sufficient to [show] the massed japanese attackers and , for lack of a better phrase , the massed american targets .

The great virtue of Cagney to the Hollywood set-up was that he could realistically depict anger , violence , and meanness without in any way suggesting that he was personally a worthless villain or that the film in which he was appearing was deliberately condoning these unpleasant qualities .
the great virtue of cagney to the hollywood set-up was that he could realistically [show] anger , violence , and meanness without in any way suggesting that he was personally a worthless villain or that the film in which he was appearing was deliberately condoning these unpleasant qualities .

Hollywood had always been able to recruit actors who could authentically depict urban working men and by the end of the silent era Bickford and Beery had almost achieved perfection in suggesting that kind of independence that grew out of a tough upbringing and an even tougher manhood .
hollywood had always been able to recruit actors who could authentically [show] urban working men and by the end of the silent era bickford and beery had almost achieved perfection in suggesting that kind of independence that grew out of a tough upbringing and an even tougher manhood .

The portraits depict weary , yet often bright-eyed individuals , and their intimacy with one another gives them a curious force , perhaps he has captured the wisdom gained through their experiences of life ?
the portraits [show] weary , yet often bright-eyed individuals , and their intimacy with one another gives them a curious force , perhaps he has captured the wisdom gained through their experiences of life ?

The more pervasive a structure becomes in a given context , the more difficult it becomes for speakers and writers to select other structures or to depict events differently .
the more pervasive a structure becomes in a given context , the more difficult it becomes for speakers and writers to select other structures or to [show] events differently .

It is a general picture this book tries to depict rather than the detailed idiosyncrasies of any political leader .
it is a general picture this book tries to [show] rather than the detailed idiosyncrasies of any political leader .

The cleft structure quite reasonably presents as given the assumption that the book is trying to depict something ( all books do ) .
the cleft structure quite reasonably presents as given the assumption that the book is trying to [show] something ( all books do ) .

Typically , these painfully created cameras take two sons of pictures : there are the pictures which seek a harsh exposure of the evils of the present , and there are the pictures which depict the calm , blue skies of a perfect future .
typically , these painfully created cameras take two sons of pictures : there are the pictures which seek a harsh exposure of the evils of the present , and there are the pictures which [show] the calm , blue skies of a perfect future .

But Figala 's conclusions have devastating implications for any portrait of Newton which , like that provided by Hall , is still largely cast in the conventional mould , even if at great pains to depict Newton ‘ warts and all ’ .
but figala 's conclusions have devastating implications for any portrait of newton which , like that provided by hall , is still largely cast in the conventional mould , even if at great pains to [show] newton ‘ warts and all ’ .

Both Kiki Smith and Cindy Sherman chose to depict the effective violence which the body of a woman suffers under the male gaze .
both kiki smith and cindy sherman chose to [show] the effective violence which the body of a woman suffers under the male gaze .

He/she must not only offer an accurate description of the death-like oppressiveness of the capitalist world as it is developing in the first half of the twentieth century , but must also depict accurately and without facile romanticism or glib sentimentality , the angry and determined political struggle of men and women refusing to acquiesce to the oppressive forces of capitalist society .
he/she must not only offer an accurate description of the death-like oppressiveness of the capitalist world as it is developing in the first half of the twentieth century , but must also [show] accurately and without facile romanticism or glib sentimentality , the angry and determined political struggle of men and women refusing to acquiesce to the oppressive forces of capitalist society .

Unlike the realist novelists of the nineteenth century , writers such as Balzac , Stendhal , Flaubert and Zola , who were called upon to depict individuals and social groups operating within a relatively stable , homogeneous society , the contemporary realist writer was required to portray a society in a state of turbulence , transformation and fundamental realignment .
unlike the realist novelists of the nineteenth century , writers such as balzac , stendhal , flaubert and zola , who were called upon to [show] individuals and social groups operating within a relatively stable , homogeneous society , the contemporary realist writer was required to portray a society in a state of turbulence , transformation and fundamental realignment .

The point is that a `` pluralistic `` inference is based on the assumption that such relations depict an objective order of things `` out there `` , not merely our own impression of such an order , and this is precisely where the main difficulty lies .
the point is that a `` pluralistic `` inference is based on the assumption that such relations [show] an objective order of things `` out there `` , not merely our own impression of such an order , and this is precisely where the main difficulty lies .

And furthermore , how do we know that relational statements purporting to depict such an order are in fact sometimes true ?
and furthermore , how do we know that relational statements purporting to [show] such an order are in fact sometimes true ?

If , on the other hand , they depict merely a perceptual order within the percipient `` s own experience , then no argument in favour of ontological pluralism can be based upon them in any case .
if , on the other hand , they [show] merely a perceptual order within the percipient `` s own experience , then no argument in favour of ontological pluralism can be based upon them in any case .

Reverting now to spatio-temporal relations , the assumption of their irreducibility to monadic predicates is linked with the assumption that they depict an objective order , and if such relations are taken to depict an objective order , then it is clear that we shall have to assume the possibility of a plurality of biographically distinct points of view , occupied by different percipients , before we can make any significant inferences about the ontological distinguishability of their terms .
reverting now to spatio-temporal relations , the assumption of their irreducibility to monadic predicates is linked with the assumption that they [show] an objective order , and if such relations are taken to [show] an objective order , then it is clear that we shall have to assume the possibility of a plurality of biographically distinct points of view , occupied by different percipients , before we can make any significant inferences about the ontological distinguishability of their terms .

For one single sleeve , Reid adapted the design of the American Express credit card , to depict the ‘ real relationships within the music industry ; the record company as nothing more than a huge pimp — and the band as prostitutes ’ .
for one single sleeve , reid adapted the design of the american express credit card , to [show] the ‘ real relationships within the music industry ; the record company as nothing more than a huge pimp — and the band as prostitutes ’ .

This description does not depict the real problem .
this description does not [show] the real problem .

This representation can not depict the state
this representation can not [show] the state

Representation 1 allows us to depict any set of pairs of coordinates .
representation 1 allows us to [show] any set of pairs of coordinates .

Representation 2 can depict 9 possible states ( 8 entries in the list , each of which can take one of 9 possible values ) .
representation 2 can [show] 9 possible states ( 8 entries in the list , each of which can take one of 9 possible values ) .

It can depict all legal states , so all the excluded ones are illegal .
it can [show] all legal states , so all the excluded ones are illegal .

Representation 3 can depict 8 + 8 + 8 + 8 + … 8 = 19,173,961 states .
representation 3 can [show] 8 + 8 + 8 + 8 + … 8 = 19,173,961 states .

There are some legal arrangements of queens on the board which this representation can not depict .
there are some legal arrangements of queens on the board which this representation can not [show] .

However , it can depict all goals ( because in any goal there is a queen in every row ) .
however , it can [show] all goals ( because in any goal there is a queen in every row ) .

They depict , not only the scenes of whalers about their business , but also portraits of the town 's social life : picnics , weddings and parties .
they [show] , not only the scenes of whalers about their business , but also portraits of the town 's social life : picnics , weddings and parties .

They depict a stereotyped norm where father makes all the decisions , goes out to work and waits for his meals to be prepared by the wife with occasional assistance of the daughter .
they [show] a stereotyped norm where father makes all the decisions , goes out to work and waits for his meals to be prepared by the wife with occasional assistance of the daughter .

Painting was to become intellectual , and the painters would depict the world not as they saw it , but as they knew it to be .
painting was to become intellectual , and the painters would [show] the world not as they saw it , but as they knew it to be .

Knowing that the opening of a cup is round , it is false to depict it simply as an ellipse ; ideally the object is shown as a combination of plan , section and elevation .
knowing that the opening of a cup is round , it is false to [show] it simply as an ellipse ; ideally the object is shown as a combination of plan , section and elevation .

The tribal sculptor tends to depict what he knows about his subject rather than what he sees .
the tribal sculptor tends to [show] what he knows about his subject rather than what he sees .

Indeed , Picasso 's admiration for various complementary , at times even formally opposed categories of tribal sculpture is indicative of the instinctive pull which he was feeling between an increased interest in solid , sculptural forms and an awareness of the need to depict them in a manner that did not violate the flat , two-dimensional plane on which he was working .
indeed , picasso 's admiration for various complementary , at times even formally opposed categories of tribal sculpture is indicative of the instinctive pull which he was feeling between an increased interest in solid , sculptural forms and an awareness of the need to [show] them in a manner that did not violate the flat , two-dimensional plane on which he was working .

But at least he could , if armed with field sketches , show an animal on a food plant , perhaps ; or depict various species which might be found in the same rockpool or stretch of veldt .
but at least he could , if armed with field sketches , show an animal on a food plant , perhaps ; or [show] various species which might be found in the same rockpool or stretch of veldt .

But sometimes a naturalist or collector overseas would find and perhaps train local artists to depict what he collected .
but sometimes a naturalist or collector overseas would find and perhaps train local artists to [show] what he collected .

Observing the statute book alone might appear to depict a massive reinforcement of the agency model of central-local financial relationships but practical outcomes are perhaps more suggestive of power-dependency .
observing the statute book alone might appear to [show] a massive reinforcement of the agency model of central-local financial relationships but practical outcomes are perhaps more suggestive of power-dependency .

Whannel ( 1979 ) identifies four such themes which commonly depict the hooligans as : ‘ mindless/senseless ’ , ‘ maniacs/lunatics ’ , ‘ foul/sub-human ’ and a ‘ minority/so-called supporters ’ .
whannel ( 1979 ) identifies four such themes which commonly [show] the hooligans as : ‘ mindless/senseless ’ , ‘ maniacs/lunatics ’ , ‘ foul/sub-human ’ and a ‘ minority/so-called supporters ’ .

‘ You can depict wine , love , women and glory on the condition that you 're not a drunkard , a lover , a husband or a private in the ranks .
‘ you can [show] wine , love , women and glory on the condition that you 're not a drunkard , a lover , a husband or a private in the ranks .

Even those such as David Lodge and Malcolm Bradbury who argue against this blanket judgment do not attempt to depict the decade as one of great creative achievement .
even those such as david lodge and malcolm bradbury who argue against this blanket judgment do not attempt to [show] the decade as one of great creative achievement .

There will be more displays relating to the Rothschild family and a first important addition will be the long-term loan of seven panels painted by Leon Bakst which depict the story of Sleeping Beauty , with members of the Rothschild family and their friends as the characters .
there will be more displays relating to the rothschild family and a first important addition will be the long-term loan of seven panels painted by leon bakst which [show] the story of sleeping beauty , with members of the rothschild family and their friends as the characters .

Some , such as those of Clumber in Nottinghamshire , depict great houses now demolished .
some , such as those of clumber in nottinghamshire , [show] great houses now demolished .

Drude attempted to depict the relative abundance of each species in an area according to a ranking system with categories ranging from ‘ social ’ ( where a single species formed an overall mass ) down to ‘ scarce ’ .
drude attempted to [show] the relative abundance of each species in an area according to a ranking system with categories ranging from ‘ social ’ ( where a single species formed an overall mass ) down to ‘ scarce ’ .

Elizabeth , or Bess , ‘ was singular in her childhood ’ : anecdotes depict her giving scarce pennies to a beggar and rescuing a kitten .
elizabeth , or bess , ‘ was singular in her childhood ’ : anecdotes [show] her giving scarce pennies to a beggar and rescuing a kitten .

An erosion surface should show up as an excess in a certain range of altitude and this can be revealed by a device such as a hypsographic curve , which aims to depict the overall distribution of elevation and is usually used to illustrate the earth 's major relief features .
an erosion surface should show up as an excess in a certain range of altitude and this can be revealed by a device such as a hypsographic curve , which aims to [show] the overall distribution of elevation and is usually used to illustrate the earth 's major relief features .

In Example 53 Debussy wished to depict footsteps in the snow ( the title of the prelude ) crossing a sad frozen landscape : The composer comments at the beginning : ‘ this rhythm should create a sound picture of a sad and frozen landscape ’ .
in example 53 debussy wished to [show] footsteps in the snow ( the title of the prelude ) crossing a sad frozen landscape : the composer comments at the beginning : ‘ this rhythm should create a sound picture of a sad and frozen landscape ’ .

rectangular ( not cubic ) tesserae depict the moustache as it falls either side of the mouth .
rectangular ( not cubic ) tesserae [show] the moustache as it falls either side of the mouth .

Meant to be striking , it is reserved to depict magic or the supernatural , both within the action when magic powers are exercised , and also between acts to help set such scenes .
meant to be striking , it is reserved to [show] magic or the supernatural , both within the action when magic powers are exercised , and also between acts to help set such scenes .

Of particular interest is the recurrence , amid abstract patterns , of an affective ornament known as the chute , which Campra had earlier associated with flute timbre and ornamented , French-style melody in Alcine to depict enchantment : it evokes the sighing of lovers whom the sorceress has turned into trees ( Act 2 , scene 1 ) and the music heard in Alcine 's Labyrinth of Love ( Act 3 , scene 1 ) .
of particular interest is the recurrence , amid abstract patterns , of an affective ornament known as the chute , which campra had earlier associated with flute timbre and ornamented , french-style melody in alcine to [show] enchantment : it evokes the sighing of lovers whom the sorceress has turned into trees ( act 2 , scene 1 ) and the music heard in alcine 's labyrinth of love ( act 3 , scene 1 ) .

Martial motives from these movements recur to depict Achilles ' unappeased wrath .
martial motives from these movements recur to [show] achilles ' unappeased wrath .

To depict the aggregate supply function we first need to draw a distinction between aggregate supply in the short run , where expectations may be sluggish in reacting to external events , and the long run where money is neutral and where the supply of output is invariant with respect to the nominal money supply and the absolute price level .
to [show] the aggregate supply function we first need to draw a distinction between aggregate supply in the short run , where expectations may be sluggish in reacting to external events , and the long run where money is neutral and where the supply of output is invariant with respect to the nominal money supply and the absolute price level .

For it is indeed a distortion of the historical religion , in a way in which no figure of a man can be ( consider the book showing images of Christ ) , to depict a female Christ .
for it is indeed a distortion of the historical religion , in a way in which no figure of a man can be ( consider the book showing images of christ ) , to [show] a female christ .

The recipes and the suggested menus evoke the days of English parlourmaids handing round every course in silver-plated entrée dishes far too big for the food they contained , while the illustrations of table decorations devised by Mr Thomas Lowinsky depict such conversation stimulators as `` two dead branches in an accumulator jar `` , or `` a spiral of chromium-plated steel pierced with holes through which the stems of flowers are passed `` .
the recipes and the suggested menus evoke the days of english parlourmaids handing round every course in silver-plated entrée dishes far too big for the food they contained , while the illustrations of table decorations devised by mr thomas lowinsky [show] such conversation stimulators as `` two dead branches in an accumulator jar `` , or `` a spiral of chromium-plated steel pierced with holes through which the stems of flowers are passed `` .

The parts of the Old Testament which cause greatest offence are those which depict God as a God of anger , who orders his servants to act in judgement for him .
the parts of the old testament which cause greatest offence are those which [show] god as a god of anger , who orders his servants to act in judgement for him .

The agent 's intention was not explicitly mentioned in the story , nor was there any attempt to depict it ( e.g .
the agent 's intention was not explicitly mentioned in the story , nor was there any attempt to [show] it ( e.g .

May 1983 Government textbooks continue to depict women in the caring roles ' in society and a study carried out in Central American schools clearly showed that a `` lack of aspiration `` among young women is related to the limited employment possibilities open to them .
may 1983 government textbooks continue to [show] women in the caring roles ' in society and a study carried out in central american schools clearly showed that a `` lack of aspiration `` among young women is related to the limited employment possibilities open to them .

Bronze votive statuettes which were dedicated to him depict Imhotep as a scribe , sitting with an open papyrus roll on his lap .
bronze votive statuettes which were dedicated to him [show] imhotep as a scribe , sitting with an open papyrus roll on his lap .

Both masters and men moreover chose to depict women as wilful and capricious .
both masters and men moreover chose to [show] women as wilful and capricious .

Tchaikovsky wrote The Seasons for the monthly journal Nuvellist , whose editor had the bright idea of commissioning 12 pieces from him for a year 's issues , each of them to depict some aspect of the month in question .
tchaikovsky wrote the seasons for the monthly journal nuvellist , whose editor had the bright idea of commissioning 12 pieces from him for a year 's issues , each of them to [show] some aspect of the month in question .

They depict a world stripped to certain bare essentials , a world of a timeless , archetypal , almost fairy-tale character .
they [show] a world stripped to certain bare essentials , a world of a timeless , archetypal , almost fairy-tale character .

All accounts , for example , depict him as a learned man — which was , one must remember , unusual in those largely illiterate times , when education was essentially an adjunct of class .
all accounts , for example , [show] him as a learned man — which was , one must remember , unusual in those largely illiterate times , when education was essentially an adjunct of class .

The colourful and graceful paintings depict scenes of everyday life in Thera , with fishermen , sailors , boxers , priestesses and warriors among the cast , as well as a broad variety of animals and plants .
the colourful and graceful paintings [show] scenes of everyday life in thera , with fishermen , sailors , boxers , priestesses and warriors among the cast , as well as a broad variety of animals and plants .

Gregory prefaced his great work , the Decem Libri Historiarum , with the following statement : The cultivation of liberal letters is declining or rather dying in the cities of Gaul , since some things that are good and some that are wicked are taking place , and the savagery of the barbarians is on the loose ; the anger of the kings is sharp ; the churches are under threat from the heretics , and are protected by the catholics ; the faith of Christ burns in some and is cold in others ; those same churches are enriched by the devout and empoverished by the perfidious ; nor can any grammarian skillful in the art of dialectic be found to depict this in prose or verse .
gregory prefaced his great work , the decem libri historiarum , with the following statement : the cultivation of liberal letters is declining or rather dying in the cities of gaul , since some things that are good and some that are wicked are taking place , and the savagery of the barbarians is on the loose ; the anger of the kings is sharp ; the churches are under threat from the heretics , and are protected by the catholics ; the faith of christ burns in some and is cold in others ; those same churches are enriched by the devout and empoverished by the perfidious ; nor can any grammarian skillful in the art of dialectic be found to [show] this in prose or verse .

It is not difficult to depict the early medieval Church as a power-house of psychological oppression .
it is not difficult to [show] the early medieval church as a power-house of psychological oppression .

His response was to depict the contemporary Russian Empire in no less lurid a light .
his response was to [show] the contemporary russian empire in no less lurid a light .

`` In this second edition of a superbly illustrated text … there are 493 plates , nearly all in colour and most clinical — a few depict histological , microbiological , parasitological , morbid anatomical , and radiological aspects of this extremely important group of diseases — characteristic temperature charts are included also , and there are ECGs from patients with diphtheria and mumps and from a child with measles encephalitis .
`` in this second edition of a superbly illustrated text … there are 493 plates , nearly all in colour and most clinical — a few [show] histological , microbiological , parasitological , morbid anatomical , and radiological aspects of this extremely important group of diseases — characteristic temperature charts are included also , and there are ecgs from patients with diphtheria and mumps and from a child with measles encephalitis .

Of the drought he had experienced on his last visit , Gould wrote that , ’ It is easier for the imagination to conceive than the pen to depict the horrors of so dreadful a visitation .
of the drought he had experienced on his last visit , gould wrote that , ’ it is easier for the imagination to conceive than the pen to [show] the horrors of so dreadful a visitation .

Some women artists would say that as ‘ the personal is political ’ , to depict a woman 's experience of premature childbirth is , in itself , a political act ; and , in some respects , it is .
some women artists would say that as ‘ the personal is political ’ , to [show] a woman 's experience of premature childbirth is , in itself , a political act ; and , in some respects , it is .

‘ The conventional myth seeks to depict the battle-scarred anthropologist as a lone figure wandering into a village , settling in and ‘ picking up the language ’ in a couple of months ; at the most , we may find references to translators being dispensed with after a few weeks .
‘ the conventional myth seeks to [show] the battle-scarred anthropologist as a lone figure wandering into a village , settling in and ‘ picking up the language ’ in a couple of months ; at the most , we may find references to translators being dispensed with after a few weeks .

These depict foppish dwellings , tastefully furnished in plain wood and provisioned with all kinds of ‘ environmentally-friendly ’ gadgets .
these [show] foppish dwellings , tastefully furnished in plain wood and provisioned with all kinds of ‘ environmentally-friendly ’ gadgets .

You depict rare occurrences — like Westerners paying for foster children to visit their affluent country — as a major problem .
you [show] rare occurrences — like westerners paying for foster children to visit their affluent country — as a major problem .

Early Mediterranean statues and reliefs depict fecund goddesses with great nourishing breasts , generous hips and bellies ripe with pregnancy , often with serpents entwined sensuously about their bodies .
early mediterranean statues and reliefs [show] fecund goddesses with great nourishing breasts , generous hips and bellies ripe with pregnancy , often with serpents entwined sensuously about their bodies .

Blue resin areas in the final thin section depict the porosity clearly .
blue resin areas in the final thin section [show] the porosity clearly .

If a crude dichotomous scale were used to depict perceived associations by the placing of a check , a grid such as is shown in table 12.1 might ensue .
if a crude dichotomous scale were used to [show] perceived associations by the placing of a check , a grid such as is shown in table 12.1 might ensue .

Set in rich Venetian palaces or wild surrealist landscapes , they might depict the slow death of a bearded king , or miners at work beneath an enchanted hill .
set in rich venetian palaces or wild surrealist landscapes , they might [show] the slow death of a bearded king , or miners at work beneath an enchanted hill .

The fact that more sites have been identified as time passes shows that archaeological distribution maps only depict the activities of individual archaeologists or field societies up to any particular date , rather than the total picture of deserted medieval villages !
the fact that more sites have been identified as time passes shows that archaeological distribution maps only [show] the activities of individual archaeologists or field societies up to any particular date , rather than the total picture of deserted medieval villages !

It would be impossible to depict accurately all the nuances of settlement development on any but the largest scale maps , such is the complexity and variety in the landscape .
it would be impossible to [show] accurately all the nuances of settlement development on any but the largest scale maps , such is the complexity and variety in the landscape .

On occasion , these can also depict a relevant theme .
on occasion , these can also [show] a relevant theme .

They often choose to depict historical scenes .
they often choose to [show] historical scenes .

This use appears therefore to depict the support of the infinitive as entering into the actualization phase of an event from a prior position in time when nothing seemed to be militating in favour of its occurrence .
this use appears therefore to [show] the support of the infinitive as entering into the actualization phase of an event from a prior position in time when nothing seemed to be militating in favour of its occurrence .

There have been attempts to depict this extraordinary achievement as a form of musical consumerism .
there have been attempts to [show] this extraordinary achievement as a form of musical consumerism .

Sometimes they demonstrably were not ; for example , portraits of the Emperor Augustus struck at the end of his reign , when he was seventy-six , do not depict a man of that age and do not correspond with the unflattering description given by his biographer , Suetonius .
sometimes they demonstrably were not ; for example , portraits of the emperor augustus struck at the end of his reign , when he was seventy-six , do not [show] a man of that age and do not correspond with the unflattering description given by his biographer , suetonius .

He describes himself as a ‘ false witness ’ to his times in that he chooses to depict , for the most part , scenes of unexpected joy and pleasure in the midst of lives which might , at first sight , appear bleak and colourless .
he describes himself as a ‘ false witness ’ to his times in that he chooses to [show] , for the most part , scenes of unexpected joy and pleasure in the midst of lives which might , at first sight , appear bleak and colourless .

Every single book is about chess ; every cassette features chess games ; most of the ornaments are chess trophies ; even the framed prints depict chess scenes .
every single book is about chess ; every cassette features chess games ; most of the ornaments are chess trophies ; even the framed prints [show] chess scenes .

Tolkien 's story , The Lost Road , seems to be the only example of his attempting to depict the twentieth , , in legends and lost tales of the old world , Alboin and Audoin by name .
tolkien 's story , the lost road , seems to be the only example of his attempting to [show] the twentieth , , in legends and lost tales of the old world , alboin and audoin by name .

He has new boards , new wheels , t shirts , and get this about the graphics for his own deck : they depict Challenger 's final flight , the space shuttle explosion and a huge cloud of smoke .
he has new boards , new wheels , t shirts , and get this about the graphics for his own deck : they [show] challenger 's final flight , the space shuttle explosion and a huge cloud of smoke .

Graphics depict usual Cab/Powell imagery , with skulls/bones/Japanese dragons , with high qual screening .
graphics [show] usual cab/powell imagery , with skulls/bones/japanese dragons , with high qual screening .

Even the carpet in the state rooms — a fault in whose weave is said to depict a wounded leader of the 1916 uprising , James Connolly who was later executed — has been lifted .
even the carpet in the state rooms — a fault in whose weave is said to [show] a wounded leader of the 1916 uprising , james connolly who was later executed — has been lifted .

Artists , architects and draughtsmen experimented with the new schemes since the theory of perspective offered exciting possibilities to depict the spatial relations between bodies .
artists , architects and draughtsmen experimented with the new schemes since the theory of perspective offered exciting possibilities to [show] the spatial relations between bodies .

The opening chapters vividly depict the environment into which Simone de Beauvoir was born — an environment governed by the restrictive social conventions of the French haute bourgeoisie .
the opening chapters vividly [show] the environment into which simone de beauvoir was born — an environment governed by the restrictive social conventions of the french haute bourgeoisie .

The growing materialism of the age led them to envisage the hereafter as the eternal ‘ Now ’ , and depict survival in terms of the senses .
the growing materialism of the age led them to envisage the hereafter as the eternal ‘ now ’ , and [show] survival in terms of the senses .

When women describe their sexual fantasies , they tend to depict women suffering various degrees of powerlessness , humiliation or pain , similar to those fantasies described by men .
when women describe their sexual fantasies , they tend to [show] women suffering various degrees of powerlessness , humiliation or pain , similar to those fantasies described by men .

They depict the most advanced lifestyle in the world today , being in total harmony with the functioning of a woman 's body .
they [show] the most advanced lifestyle in the world today , being in total harmony with the functioning of a woman 's body .

The representation of psychological states in formation demanded the expansiveness offered by the full-length novel to depict the psychological sub-surface in all its complexity : the experience of tropism should be created in the reader .
the representation of psychological states in formation demanded the expansiveness offered by the full-length novel to [show] the psychological sub-surface in all its complexity : the experience of tropism should be created in the reader .

In effect , despite their questioning of the assumptions of realism , and despite their awareness of the enormity of the task confronted by the writer , Spanish America 's new novelists still aspire , by and large , to do what novelists have always sought to do , namely , to depict the world in which they live .
in effect , despite their questioning of the assumptions of realism , and despite their awareness of the enormity of the task confronted by the writer , spanish america 's new novelists still aspire , by and large , to do what novelists have always sought to do , namely , to [show] the world in which they live .

However , such works do not merely show the dominant culture being resisted and subverted by popular culture ; in their form , they themselves have been influenced by the culture which they depict .
however , such works do not merely show the dominant culture being resisted and subverted by popular culture ; in their form , they themselves have been influenced by the culture which they [show] .

Although the sons of Zebedee were evidently netsmen , Christian iconography has drawn on angling to depict anything from the means of grace by which God draws our souls up into Heaven to His ensnaring of the monstrous Leviathan .
although the sons of zebedee were evidently netsmen , christian iconography has drawn on angling to [show] anything from the means of grace by which god draws our souls up into heaven to his ensnaring of the monstrous leviathan .

firstly , there are ballets of the older type which depict the struggle between the world of the flesh and the world of the spirit and which were usually inspired by a fairy tale or legend , e.g .
firstly , there are ballets of the older type which [show] the struggle between the world of the flesh and the world of the spirit and which were usually inspired by a fairy tale or legend , e.g .

One-off dramatisations inevitably build around a central series of events which may be true to life in what they depict , but false in the way that time is telescoped ; in other words , they are played out in dramatic , not real time .
one-off dramatisations inevitably build around a central series of events which may be true to life in what they [show] , but false in the way that time is telescoped ; in other words , they are played out in dramatic , not real time .

But it is treatment , not subject matter , which determines the stance of the artist — not the ‘ what ’ , but the ‘ how ’ and the ‘ why ’ — and studies of wickedness , even those which depict the crime in all its brutality , may nevertheless illuminate , appal or even deter .
but it is treatment , not subject matter , which determines the stance of the artist — not the ‘ what ’ , but the ‘ how ’ and the ‘ why ’ — and studies of wickedness , even those which [show] the crime in all its brutality , may nevertheless illuminate , appal or even deter .

Dutch painter , best known for his genre scenes ; his early paintings depict lively scenes of peasants carousing in crowded taverns and barns .
dutch painter , best known for his genre scenes ; his early paintings [show] lively scenes of peasants carousing in crowded taverns and barns .

The irons depict your own postcode and are heated by a farrier who burns the code ( painlessly ) onto your horse 's hooves .
the irons [show] your own postcode and are heated by a farrier who burns the code ( painlessly ) onto your horse 's hooves .

Further exhibits depict the opening of the West , Whaling ( with a Captain 's Cabin reproduced from the last of the great Yankee whalers ) , Textiles ( with a fine collection of quilts and hooked rugs ) , Pewter , Glass and Silver .
further exhibits [show] the opening of the west , whaling ( with a captain 's cabin reproduced from the last of the great yankee whalers ) , textiles ( with a fine collection of quilts and hooked rugs ) , pewter , glass and silver .

To depict the information about the value of two interval level variables at once , each case is plotted on a graph known as a scatterplot , such as figure 10.1 .
to [show] the information about the value of two interval level variables at once , each case is plotted on a graph known as a scatterplot , such as figure 10.1 .

Scatterplots depict bivariate relationships .
scatterplots [show] bivariate relationships .

It is this region beyond the senses which the mystics and the artists with their new schools of art are trying to describe or depict and which the scientists are trying to explain and understand .
it is this region beyond the senses which the mystics and the artists with their new schools of art are trying to describe or [show] and which the scientists are trying to explain and understand .

Already , picture books can inspire make-believe , especially when they depict familiar objects and experiences .
already , picture books can inspire make-believe , especially when they [show] familiar objects and experiences .

The paintings usually depict an event survived or celebrated , an illness , an operation , imprisonment , or having received a passport to the United States , or they may depict a person praying to the saint .
the paintings usually [show] an event survived or celebrated , an illness , an operation , imprisonment , or having received a passport to the united states , or they may [show] a person praying to the saint .

Art exhibits in the United States have shown retablos ex-votos that depict the treacherous experience of immigrating to the United States .
art exhibits in the united states have shown retablos ex-votos that [show] the treacherous experience of immigrating to the united states .

Publications by early American travelers to the Southwest and Mexico depict the Spanish Mexicans in not only horrendous terms , but with extreme passion .
publications by early american travelers to the southwest and mexico [show] the spanish mexicans in not only horrendous terms , but with extreme passion .

Cartoons and jokes often depict la migra officials as overweight policemen who chase down innocent women and children .
cartoons and jokes often [show] la migra officials as overweight policemen who chase down innocent women and children .

In a 1998 article Herrera-Sobek discusses the use of corridos in several Mexican films that depict the plight of the illegal immigrant , or el mojado .
in a 1998 article herrera-sobek discusses the use of corridos in several mexican films that [show] the plight of the illegal immigrant , or el mojado .

Two of her books , Historic Cookery and The Good Life , depict the way of life of the Hispanos in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
two of her books , historic cookery and the good life , [show] the way of life of the hispanos in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .

Splendidly ornate stone friezes realistically depict battle scenes of World War I , with each branch of the forces represented .
splendidly ornate stone friezes realistically [show] battle scenes of world war i , with each branch of the forces represented .

The plaster ceilings here date from 1678 and depict angels carrying the symbols of royal power : crown , scepter , sword , and wreath of laurel leaves .
the plaster ceilings here date from 1678 and [show] angels carrying the symbols of royal power : crown , scepter , sword , and wreath of laurel leaves .

Designed by Sir Robert Rowand Anderson , the building was constructed in neo-Gothic style , and statues on the outer façade depict Scottish poets , artists , and statesmen .
designed by sir robert rowand anderson , the building was constructed in neo-gothic style , and statues on the outer façade [show] scottish poets , artists , and statesmen .

A little further southwest are some second century a.d. catacombs with tomb chambers painted to depict Greco-Egyptian themes .
a little further southwest are some second century a.d. catacombs with tomb chambers painted to [show] greco-egyptian themes .

Elaborate carvings on the walls of both buildings depict Amenophis making offerings to the gods in thanks for his divine power .
elaborate carvings on the walls of both buildings [show] amenophis making offerings to the gods in thanks for his divine power .

Brightly decorated by their peers , they depict the incumbent in life , at work , or laboring in the fields .
brightly decorated by their peers , they [show] the incumbent in life , at work , or laboring in the fields .

The paintings that cover the walls depict the Nile at its most splendid with abundant fruit and depictions of wine-making .
the paintings that cover the walls [show] the nile at its most splendid with abundant fruit and depictions of wine-making .

Reliefs depict Ptolemaic Pharaohs worshipping Horus , and the interior carvings of their food offerings are especially impressive .
reliefs [show] ptolemaic pharaohs worshipping horus , and the interior carvings of their food offerings are especially impressive .

Inside the temple is a small birthing chamber or mammisi , where carved reliefs depict Isis holding her new-born son Horus .
inside the temple is a small birthing chamber or mammisi , where carved reliefs [show] isis holding her new-born son horus .

Reliefs carved on Ramses ’ thrones depict the Nile gods , and in a niche between the two central colossi is a small statue to the god Ra-Herekhty ( Ra the sun god combined with Horus ) with whom Ramses shares the temple .
reliefs carved on ramses ’ thrones [show] the nile gods , and in a niche between the two central colossi is a small statue to the god ra-herekhty ( ra the sun god combined with horus ) with whom ramses shares the temple .

Luca della Robbia ’ s subdued glazed ceramic roundels depict the 12 Apostles and Four Evangelists .
luca della robbia ’ s subdued glazed ceramic roundels [show] the 12 apostles and four evangelists .

The deep blue , gold , and crimson mosaics on the vaults and arches depict St. Laurence , the Apostles , and the Good Shepherd Feeding His Sheep ( over the entrance ) .
the deep blue , gold , and crimson mosaics on the vaults and arches [show] st. laurence , the apostles , and the good shepherd feeding his sheep ( over the entrance ) .

The mosaics of the dome and apse depict Christ Pantocrator with the Evangelists and Jesus blessing Peter and Paul ; together with those of Ravenna , they are Italy ’ s finest .
the mosaics of the dome and apse [show] christ pantocrator with the evangelists and jesus blessing peter and paul ; together with those of ravenna , they are italy ’ s finest .

In the grandiose interior , the luminous 12th- and 13th-century mosaics of the nave and apse depict the complete cycle of the Old Testament , replete with a 66-ft high Christ Pantocrator with saints , while the aisle mosaics narrate the miracles of Jesus .
in the grandiose interior , the luminous 12th- and 13th-century mosaics of the nave and apse [show] the complete cycle of the old testament , replete with a 66-ft high christ pantocrator with saints , while the aisle mosaics narrate the miracles of jesus .

The 15 stained-glass windows depict 1,134 scenes from the Bible .
the 15 stained-glass windows [show] 1,134 scenes from the bible .

Le Brun ’ s paintings depict Louis XIV ’ s wars in Hol­land and his more peaceful achievements at home .
le brun ’ s paintings [show] louis xiv ’ s wars in hol­land and his more peaceful achievements at home .

Across the street is the incongruous but elegant Toyota Automobile Showroom , once the Chamber of Commerce and worth noting for its fine blue-and-white azulejo ( tile ) vignettes that depict scenes from old Madeira .
across the street is the incongruous but elegant toyota automobile showroom , once the chamber of commerce and worth noting for its fine blue-and-white azulejo ( tile ) vignettes that [show] scenes from old madeira .

After all , the waters of the Canary Islands , only 445 km ( 275 miles ) to the south , had occupied busy shipping lanes for very nearly a century , and Genovese maps from the mid-14th century depict both Madeira and Porto Santo .
after all , the waters of the canary islands , only 445 km ( 275 miles ) to the south , had occupied busy shipping lanes for very nearly a century , and genovese maps from the mid-14th century [show] both madeira and porto santo .

The museum , the best on Menorca , excels in its prehistoric and classical artifacts , which depict the fascinating history of the island .
the museum , the best on menorca , excels in its prehistoric and classical artifacts , which [show] the fascinating history of the island .

Two glass mosaic murals flanking the entrance depict themes of Malaysia ’ s culture and history .
two glass mosaic murals flanking the entrance [show] themes of malaysia ’ s culture and history .

These are 19th-century restorations : The originals were torn down during the Revolution because they were thought to depict kings of France ( 21 of them were recently discovered and preserved in the Musée du Moyen Age , see page 55 ) .
these are 19th-century restorations : the originals were torn down during the revolution because they were thought to [show] kings of france ( 21 of them were recently discovered and preserved in the musée du moyen age , see page 55 ) .

The carving to its left is said to depict the Mayan creation myth .
the carving to its left is said to [show] the mayan creation myth .

The tapestries depict landscapes of China , in spite of the chamber ’ s name .
the tapestries [show] landscapes of china , in spite of the chamber ’ s name .

Most date from the early 18th century and depict biblical scenes detailing the life of St. Lawrence .
most date from the early 18th century and [show] biblical scenes detailing the life of st. lawrence .

The metopes ( carved space on a Doric frieze ) around the entablature depict the legendary feats of Heracles and Theseus .
the metopes ( carved space on a doric frieze ) around the entablature [show] the legendary feats of heracles and theseus .

The stained glass windows depict the Miracle of Amsterdam .
the stained glass windows [show] the miracle of amsterdam .

Most date from the early 18th century and depict biblical scenes detailing the life of St. Lawrence , born across the border in Huesca , Spain .
most date from the early 18th century and [show] biblical scenes detailing the life of st. lawrence , born across the border in huesca , spain .

These are very unusual as Muslim crafts- men were forbidden by their religion to depict the human form in their art .
these are very unusual as muslim crafts- men were forbidden by their religion to [show] the human form in their art .

Such models may be devised in order to depict the essential quantitative impact of alternative assumptions or government policies .
such models may be devised in order to [show] the essential quantitative impact of alternative assumptions or government policies .

Examples of important testimonies that helped the Congress in its oversight include our performance accountability and highrisk series , which depict the government 's major management challenges and program risks ; Social Security reform proposals ; financial and operational aspects of the International Monetary Fund ; DOD 's anthrax vaccination program , and Medicare reform .
examples of important testimonies that helped the congress in its oversight include our performance accountability and highrisk series , which [show] the government 's major management challenges and program risks ; social security reform proposals ; financial and operational aspects of the international monetary fund ; dod 's anthrax vaccination program , and medicare reform .

Exhibits A-1 and A-2 in Appendix A depict the timelines typical to complete a single absorber module and a three absorber-module installation of FGD , respectively .
exhibits a-1 and a-2 in appendix a [show] the timelines typical to complete a single absorber module and a three absorber-module installation of fgd , respectively .

Sinclair Lewis or Theodore Dreiser might depict his climb from provincial obscurity .
sinclair lewis or theodore dreiser might [show] his climb from provincial obscurity .

In the New Republic , James Wood criticizes Don DeLillo for succumbing to the paranoia he means to depict .
in the new republic , james wood criticizes don delillo for succumbing to the paranoia he means to [show] .

Besides the lack of a plot , critics say , there 's a senselessly spinning camera meant to depict drug trips in scenes reminiscent of Andy Warhol 's very worst movies .
besides the lack of a plot , critics say , there 's a senselessly spinning camera meant to [show] drug trips in scenes reminiscent of andy warhol 's very worst movies .

After shuttering the DOE , Clinton could depict himself as a crusader against waste and bureaucracy who succeeded where even Reagan failed .
after shuttering the doe , clinton could [show] himself as a crusader against waste and bureaucracy who succeeded where even reagan failed .

Others note that `` [ i ] t seems to be a common , almost universal , tactic in American literature to depict the suburbs as a duplicitous world where a safe , materialistic , blandly cheerful surface conceals a dark secret life '' and that the stories ' predictable outlandishness verges on becoming `` precious '' ( Judy Budnitz , the Village Voice ) .
others note that `` [ i ] t seems to be a common , almost universal , tactic in american literature to [show] the suburbs as a duplicitous world where a safe , materialistic , blandly cheerful surface conceals a dark secret life '' and that the stories ' predictable outlandishness verges on becoming `` precious '' ( judy budnitz , the village voice ) .

Some sculptures depict the Count of So-and-So , who used to own the villa .
some sculptures [show] the count of so-and-so , who used to own the villa .

The resulting collective consciousness is captured in Nike ads that depict the players doing everything together .
the resulting collective consciousness is captured in nike ads that [show] the players doing everything together .

Activists are determined that the new Roosevelt statue in Washington will depict him eating a bean burrito .
activists are determined that the new roosevelt statue in washington will [show] him eating a bean burrito .

It may also sue TV networks for failing to depict minority characters in their shows .
it may also sue tv networks for failing to [show] minority characters in their shows .

In the fourth of six millennium issues , artists depict the millennium with predictably burlesque results .
in the fourth of six millennium issues , artists [show] the millennium with predictably burlesque results .

Rather than treat the cocaine inquiry as a dialogue in which the questions as well as the answers are subject to rational scrutiny , most reporters depict it as a force of nature .
rather than treat the cocaine inquiry as a dialogue in which the questions as well as the answers are subject to rational scrutiny , most reporters [show] it as a force of nature .

It is sometimes easier for other governments to complain about what they depict as a swaggering , cock-of-the-roost American attitude than it is to tackle us head-on over substantive issues .
it is sometimes easier for other governments to complain about what they [show] as a swaggering , cock-of-the-roost american attitude than it is to tackle us head-on over substantive issues .

Legal Gambling Depletes the Local Economy : Economists normally extol anything that allows consumers to satisfy their preferences , but several members of the profession depict casinos as the enemy of prosperity .
legal gambling depletes the local economy : economists normally extol anything that allows consumers to satisfy their preferences , but several members of the profession [show] casinos as the enemy of prosperity .

In the '80s , Haynes employed Barbie dolls to depict the rise and wasting away from anorexia of the singer Karen Carpenter .
in the '80s , haynes employed barbie dolls to [show] the rise and wasting away from anorexia of the singer karen carpenter .

They should depict the mad multiplicity of contemporary life .
they should [show] the mad multiplicity of contemporary life .

The media 's willingness to buy this line was a result , in part , of the White House 's ongoing campaign to depict Clinton as the victim of an inexorable right-wing machine .
the media 's willingness to buy this line was a result , in part , of the white house 's ongoing campaign to [show] clinton as the victim of an inexorable right-wing machine .

Located across the street from USA Today 's headquarters , the Newseum 's collection consists partly of artifacts from great moments in journalism ( e.g. , Edward R. Murrow 's microphone ) and partly of high-tech interactive games meant to depict the workings of a newspaper ( the Daily Miracle ) .
located across the street from usa today 's headquarters , the newseum 's collection consists partly of artifacts from great moments in journalism ( e.g. , edward r. murrow 's microphone ) and partly of high-tech interactive games meant to [show] the workings of a newspaper ( the daily miracle ) .

Time 's Robert Hughes calls the pieces , which mostly depict Buddha and other deities and date to the 6 th century , `` some of the greatest stone carving and bronze work in human history . ''
time 's robert hughes calls the pieces , which mostly [show] buddha and other deities and date to the 6 th century , `` some of the greatest stone carving and bronze work in human history . ''

The working-class folks whose lives Roseanne claimed to depict tuned in .
the working-class folks whose lives roseanne claimed to [show] tuned in .

Postal Service plans to issue a philanthropy stamp next year that will depict a bee pollinating a flower and will bear the words : `` Giving and Sharing : an American Tradition . ''
postal service plans to issue a philanthropy stamp next year that will [show] a bee pollinating a flower and will bear the words : `` giving and sharing : an american tradition . ''

The coverage fails to deliver a bit in its attempts to depict any further contribution .
the coverage fails to deliver a bit in its attempts to [show] any further contribution .

If , as seems likely , he bolts and mounts a third-party campaign , the GOP would do well to depict him as a hater from the fringe and not merely a conservative who refused to compromise .
if , as seems likely , he bolts and mounts a third-party campaign , the gop would do well to [show] him as a hater from the fringe and not merely a conservative who refused to compromise .

The creepy part is , Upham is a sensitive , artistic type who announces early in the movie that he wants to depict the bonds that form among soldiers in combat -- all of which also applies to the auteur of Saving Private Ryan , Steven Spielberg .
the creepy part is , upham is a sensitive , artistic type who announces early in the movie that he wants to [show] the bonds that form among soldiers in combat -- all of which also applies to the auteur of saving private ryan , steven spielberg .

Again , we have some silly palaver assuring us that Levinthal is aware that these items depict stereotyped images of blacks -- as though we suspected that he endorsed them , or thought they were realistic .
again , we have some silly palaver assuring us that levinthal is aware that these items [show] stereotyped images of blacks -- as though we suspected that he endorsed them , or thought they were realistic .

If you take a closer look , though , you notice that instead of Klimt 's erotic glamour , which hints at dangerous passions unleashed by the unconscious , Close 's doodles depict doughnuts , hot dogs , and lozenges .
if you take a closer look , though , you notice that instead of klimt 's erotic glamour , which hints at dangerous passions unleashed by the unconscious , close 's doodles [show] doughnuts , hot dogs , and lozenges .

Some of the most spectacular examples of the genre , which got its name in 17 th -century Holland , depict great mounds of fruit and fabric that fool the eye ( trompe l'oeil ) so completely that we can practically smell them and feel them .
some of the most spectacular examples of the genre , which got its name in 17 th -century holland , [show] great mounds of fruit and fabric that fool the eye ( trompe l'oeil ) so completely that we can practically smell them and feel them .

In the last 100 pages of this novel , Schmidt 's struggle to control himself fades from view , and one suspects that it is a struggle Begley can no longer depict , because it is a struggle he can no longer win .
in the last 100 pages of this novel , schmidt 's struggle to control himself fades from view , and one suspects that it is a struggle begley can no longer [show] , because it is a struggle he can no longer win .

The portraits , in which he used calm observation and academic skill to depict external reality while representing the interior through distortion and paper-tearing physical force , are more troubling than many of the interestingly science-fictional renderings of his visions , for example .
the portraits , in which he used calm observation and academic skill to [show] external reality while representing the interior through distortion and paper-tearing physical force , are more troubling than many of the interestingly science-fictional renderings of his visions , for example .

Today , pro-choicers advertise drugs such as RU-486 , Norplant , and Ovral as solutions to the abortion problem , while pro-lifers depict abortion as a culture of callousness that drugs can only obscure .
today , pro-choicers advertise drugs such as ru-486 , norplant , and ovral as solutions to the abortion problem , while pro-lifers [show] abortion as a culture of callousness that drugs can only obscure .

He must , in the end , still manage to depict evolutionary psychologists as simpletons .
he must , in the end , still manage to [show] evolutionary psychologists as simpletons .

It is nonetheless a classic puffer , which sets out to depict Bush 's decency and compassion rather than question whether these qualities are , in fact , genuine .
it is nonetheless a classic puffer , which sets out to [show] bush 's decency and compassion rather than question whether these qualities are , in fact , genuine .

Whereas little girls and babies appear on toilet paper wrappers , paper towel packages depict beefy , brawny guys , indicating their toughness .
whereas little girls and babies appear on toilet paper wrappers , paper towel packages [show] beefy , brawny guys , indicating their toughness .

The director , Ron Howard , and his screenwriters and actors have spent much of their lives in the business , and I 'd trust them to depict the anxieties of TV executives and the madness of network board meetings .
the director , ron howard , and his screenwriters and actors have spent much of their lives in the business , and i 'd trust them to [show] the anxieties of tv executives and the madness of network board meetings .

Opponents of the bombing depict the United States as the aggressor and protest that we should n't intervene unless provoked .
opponents of the bombing [show] the united states as the aggressor and protest that we should n't intervene unless provoked .

Reports depict the action as a response to DeLay 's attempts to pressure an industry lobbying group to hire a Republican rather than a Democrat as its president .
reports [show] the action as a response to delay 's attempts to pressure an industry lobbying group to hire a republican rather than a democrat as its president .

The Visual Display of Quantitative Information had been devoted to pictures of numbers , he explains -- '' how to depict data and enforce statistical honesty '' whether the subject is traffic deaths or the distribution of galaxies .
the visual display of quantitative information had been devoted to pictures of numbers , he explains -- '' how to [show] data and enforce statistical honesty '' whether the subject is traffic deaths or the distribution of galaxies .

McCain-Feingold would ban all such issue-related ads that air 60 days prior to an election and clearly identify or depict a candidate .
mccain-feingold would ban all such issue-related ads that air 60 days prior to an election and clearly identify or [show] a candidate .

Once again , it 's easy to imagine party committees and advocacy groups making inventive and persuasive ads that do n't depict or refer to a candidate , but strike the same themes as the campaign 's ads established outside the 60-day period .
once again , it 's easy to imagine party committees and advocacy groups making inventive and persuasive ads that do n't [show] or refer to a candidate , but strike the same themes as the campaign 's ads established outside the 60-day period .

The WP says that although failing to get a simple majority has no constitutional relevance , such an outcome could become a `` potent political weapon '' with which President Clinton and his allies could depict the impeachment as an illegitimate abuse of power .
the wp says that although failing to get a simple majority has no constitutional relevance , such an outcome could become a `` potent political weapon '' with which president clinton and his allies could [show] the impeachment as an illegitimate abuse of power .

A front-page WP piece reminds us that it 's unfair to depict everybody in Congress as crooked clowns .
a front-page wp piece reminds us that it 's unfair to [show] everybody in congress as crooked clowns .

The story also includes Microsoft 's response to the allegation : that the government is trying to depict as evidence of an anti-competitive conspiracy what are in fact just minor disputes arising in routine business meetings .
the story also includes microsoft 's response to the allegation : that the government is trying to [show] as evidence of an anti-competitive conspiracy what are in fact just minor disputes arising in routine business meetings .

Cartoonists might depict a child asking a parent about Neanderthal women , but that is recognizably a joke that depends for its humor on the characterization of the questioner as a fool : that it is a child is irrelevant ; it might be Edith Bunker .
cartoonists might [show] a child asking a parent about neanderthal women , but that is recognizably a joke that depends for its humor on the characterization of the questioner as a fool : that it is a child is irrelevant ; it might be edith bunker .

