Among some recent imports were seat covers for one series of dining room chairs on which were depicted salad plates overflowing with tomatoes and greens and another set on which a pineapple was worked in naturalistic color .
among some recent imports were seat covers for one series of dining room chairs on which were [showed] salad plates overflowing with tomatoes and greens and another set on which a pineapple was worked in naturalistic color .

That test , as President Kennedy forthrightly depicted it in his State of the Union message , will determine `` whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure '' .
that test , as president kennedy forthrightly [showed] it in his state of the union message , will determine `` whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure '' .

The growth center depicted here , in the distal phalanx of the second finger , is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short bones .
the growth center [showed] here , in the distal phalanx of the second finger , is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short bones .

that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms depicted within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface .
that is , by being placed in such relation to the forms [showed] within the illusion that these forms left no room for the typography except near the surface .

In their very first collages , Braque and Picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real , bas-relief space -- or to be about to do so -- while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface .
in their very first collages , braque and picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as [showed] seem to thrust out into real , bas-relief space -- or to be about to do so -- while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface .

Depicted , Cubist flatness is now almost completely assimilated to the literal , undepicted kind , but at the same time it reacts upon and largely transforms the undepicted kind -- and it does so , moreover , without depriving the latter of its literalness ; ;
[showed] , cubist flatness is now almost completely assimilated to the literal , undepicted kind , but at the same time it reacts upon and largely transforms the undepicted kind -- and it does so , moreover , without depriving the latter of its literalness ; ;

It was because of this chain-reaction as much as for any other reason -- that is , because of the growing independence of the planar unit in collage as a shape -- that the identity of depicted objects , or at least parts of them , re-emerged in Braque's and Picasso's papiers colles and continued to remain more conspicuous there -- but only as flattened silhouettes -- than in any of their paintings done wholly in oil before the end of 1913 .
it was because of this chain-reaction as much as for any other reason -- that is , because of the growing independence of the planar unit in collage as a shape -- that the identity of [showed] objects , or at least parts of them , re-emerged in braque's and picasso's papiers colles and continued to remain more conspicuous there -- but only as flattened silhouettes -- than in any of their paintings done wholly in oil before the end of 1913 .

The mural around the wall depicted early settlers in covered wagons , who appeared much more animated than the gamblers .
the mural around the wall [showed] early settlers in covered wagons , who appeared much more animated than the gamblers .

Welcome back : Five hundred years ago when most people could n't read or write , education came from the church through sermons and images depicted in stained glass windows . ( Wes to read next )
welcome back : five hundred years ago when most people could n't read or write , education came from the church through sermons and images [showed] in stained glass windows . ( wes to read next )

In the third picture , part of a ‘ striptease ’ title sequence , the princess was depicted in a union flag G-String with royal crests on her nipples .
in the third picture , part of a ‘ striptease ’ title sequence , the princess was [showed] in a union flag g-string with royal crests on her nipples .

The horror story in the spin department is depicted by John Emburey 's six Test wickets at 51.50 each and Philip Tufnell 's seven at 59.42 .
the horror story in the spin department is [showed] by john emburey 's six test wickets at 51.50 each and philip tufnell 's seven at 59.42 .

The poster , based on a fifteenth century drawing of three naked women , depicted the play 's triumvirate of witches meeting again at every conceivable juncture .
the poster , based on a fifteenth century drawing of three naked women , [showed] the play 's triumvirate of witches meeting again at every conceivable juncture .

Placards around the Dundee plant gates depicted him as an alien enemy from south of the border .
placards around the dundee plant gates [showed] him as an alien enemy from south of the border .

Mary and the infant Jesus from the north chancel window of St Mary 's Church , Bibury , Gloucestershire are depicted on the 24p stamp .
mary and the infant jesus from the north chancel window of st mary 's church , bibury , gloucestershire are [showed] on the 24p stamp .

His preferences can be illustrated by means of a set of indifference curves which are likely to have the same shape as those depicted in Chapter 4 for the case of an individual choosing between two goods .
his preferences can be illustrated by means of a set of indifference curves which are likely to have the same shape as those [showed] in chapter 4 for the case of an individual choosing between two goods .

The bridge arrangement depicted in figure 7.7 ( a ) and attributed to Maxwell allows the inductance of an inductor to be measured in terms of the capacitance of a calibrated variable capacitor and the resistances of two fixed resistors .
the bridge arrangement [showed] in figure 7.7 ( a ) and attributed to maxwell allows the inductance of an inductor to be measured in terms of the capacitance of a calibrated variable capacitor and the resistances of two fixed resistors .

9.15 ( a ) An L-section which when cascaded with itself with reversed input and output connections as depicted in ( h ) forms the symmetric T-section of figure 9.1 ( b ) .
9.15 ( a ) an l-section which when cascaded with itself with reversed input and output connections as [showed] in ( h ) forms the symmetric t-section of figure 9.1 ( b ) .

Writing this gain as off load and on load and representing the fedback signal current as because the feedback fraction has conductance dimensions , the situation is as depicted in figure 10.8 ( c ) .
writing this gain as off load and on load and representing the fedback signal current as because the feedback fraction has conductance dimensions , the situation is as [showed] in figure 10.8 ( c ) .

Consider the basic so-called inverting and noninverting operational amplifier configurations featuring negative feedback that are depicted in figures 10.9 ( a ) and ( b ) respectively .
consider the basic so-called inverting and noninverting operational amplifier configurations featuring negative feedback that are [showed] in figures 10.9 ( a ) and ( b ) respectively .

Next consider a unit step function delayed by some time as depicted in figure 11.5(a) and denote it by . Thus for or for or If t' represents the time with respect to a new origin taken at time so that , then and of course But Hence
next consider a unit step function delayed by some time as [showed] in figure 11.5(a) and denote it by . thus for or for or if t' represents the time with respect to a new origin taken at time so that , then and of course but hence

One way of describing the ideal low-pass response depicted in figure 12.1 ( a ) is through the relation This suggested to Butterworth that where n is a large integer , ought to constitute a good response to synthesise from the point of view of creating high-performance low-pass filters .
one way of describing the ideal low-pass response [showed] in figure 12.1 ( a ) is through the relation this suggested to butterworth that where n is a large integer , ought to constitute a good response to synthesise from the point of view of creating high-performance low-pass filters .

With small , decreases monotonically with ο , from unity when , passing through the value when , as depicted in figure 12.3 .
with small , decreases monotonically with ο , from unity when , passing through the value when , as [showed] in figure 12.3 .

What characterizes the Kingdom of God , he claims , is the notion of ‘ participation ’ , while Nirvā a is best depicted by the notion of identity ’ .
what characterizes the kingdom of god , he claims , is the notion of ‘ participation ’ , while nirvā a is best [showed] by the notion of identity ’ .

The scenes in solitary are especially well depicted , as the prisoners react to a shrill whistle when it is feeding time , but Schaffner 's tone , like McQueen 's personality , lacks the austerity needed for such a subject .
the scenes in solitary are especially well [showed] , as the prisoners react to a shrill whistle when it is feeding time , but schaffner 's tone , like mcqueen 's personality , lacks the austerity needed for such a subject .

Moreover , three of the four illustrations on the publicity flyer depicted pedestrianised zones , an indication — presumably — of the soft-mode bias of the manual and of dramatically changed thinking at the DTp .
moreover , three of the four illustrations on the publicity flyer [showed] pedestrianised zones , an indication — presumably — of the soft-mode bias of the manual and of dramatically changed thinking at the dtp .

The National Trust were depicted with pheasant feathers , laurel and conifer , and blooms of cream and pink , and her representation of ‘ Salisbury Cathedral ’ was a stunning arrangement incorporating two brass candlesticks on stone slabs with white candles and white lilies .
the national trust were [showed] with pheasant feathers , laurel and conifer , and blooms of cream and pink , and her representation of ‘ salisbury cathedral ’ was a stunning arrangement incorporating two brass candlesticks on stone slabs with white candles and white lilies .

He spoke of his incentive to art as being that of ‘ exhilarated despair ’ and from nearly all of his paintings there emerges a scream as chilling as that which Munch so memorably depicted 99 years ago .
he spoke of his incentive to art as being that of ‘ exhilarated despair ’ and from nearly all of his paintings there emerges a scream as chilling as that which munch so memorably [showed] 99 years ago .

Some concentrated on the sitter 's head , while others depicted clothing or background .
some concentrated on the sitter 's head , while others [showed] clothing or background .

When , worn down at last , he mentioned a man who lived as far away as Prudhoe , the polite picked up a young fellow known as Billy the Badger , which apparently had nothing to do with his poaching activities , but was given him because he always wore a white muffler , the ends tucked into his trouser tops , and on Sundays , when he wore his best , which was a black coat and trousers , his pointed face above this ensemble roughly depicted the night creature of the woods .
when , worn down at last , he mentioned a man who lived as far away as prudhoe , the polite picked up a young fellow known as billy the badger , which apparently had nothing to do with his poaching activities , but was given him because he always wore a white muffler , the ends tucked into his trouser tops , and on sundays , when he wore his best , which was a black coat and trousers , his pointed face above this ensemble roughly [showed] the night creature of the woods .

The Liberal Democrats depicted a large crowd — ‘ Britain 's People ’ — in which three of 300 people appeared to be of Afro-Caribbean origin .
the liberal democrats [showed] a large crowd — ‘ britain 's people ’ — in which three of 300 people appeared to be of afro-caribbean origin .

The scenes and people depicted all lead back to one position : the voyeur 's .
the scenes and people [showed] all lead back to one position : the voyeur 's .

’ More commonly , the male was depicted in Orientalist art as untrustworthy , dishonest , ruthless , animalistic or lazy .
’ more commonly , the male was [showed] in orientalist art as untrustworthy , dishonest , ruthless , animalistic or lazy .

Her early work depicted a dreamy hinterland between landscape and abstraction , like the molten scenes of late Turner .
her early work [showed] a dreamy hinterland between landscape and abstraction , like the molten scenes of late turner .

Baal was typically depicted wearing a conical cap , decorated with a red band and bull 's horns .
baal was typically [showed] wearing a conical cap , decorated with a red band and bull 's horns .

He is depicted seated on a swan , or goose .
he is [showed] seated on a swan , or goose .

Centaurs are often depicted in art as warlike creatures , brandishing clubs made from young pine trees , spears or arrows .
centaurs are often [showed] in art as warlike creatures , brandishing clubs made from young pine trees , spears or arrows .

Coatlique is often depicted with a child in her arms , and the first man was thought to have sprung from her as a result of divine conception .
coatlique is often [showed] with a child in her arms , and the first man was thought to have sprung from her as a result of divine conception .

El was usually depicted as a seated figure wearing bull 's horns , the symbol of strength and fertility .
el was usually [showed] as a seated figure wearing bull 's horns , the symbol of strength and fertility .

Emma-Hoo is depicted as riding on a water-buffalo and parading past lines of men to pass judgement upon them , reflecting their sentence back to them by means of a giant bronze mirror on his breast .
emma-hoo is [showed] as riding on a water-buffalo and parading past lines of men to pass judgement upon them , reflecting their sentence back to them by means of a giant bronze mirror on his breast .

Originally a Celtic nature-goddess , depicted as a woman astride a mare , or a woman 's torso with a horse 's head .
originally a celtic nature-goddess , [showed] as a woman astride a mare , or a woman 's torso with a horse 's head .

The Fates were thought cruel , for they paid no heed to human suffering and were usually depicted as old and ugly women attended by the shadowy Nemesis , goddess of the inevitable .
the fates were thought cruel , for they paid no heed to human suffering and were usually [showed] as old and ugly women attended by the shadowy nemesis , goddess of the inevitable .

He banished his brother to the west , along with his servants of darkness , although the spirits of thunder and lightning gave their allegiance to Hahgwehdiyu instead ; henceforth this god was depicted with a drum and a forked head-dress , representing these forces of nature .
he banished his brother to the west , along with his servants of darkness , although the spirits of thunder and lightning gave their allegiance to hahgwehdiyu instead ; henceforth this god was [showed] with a drum and a forked head-dress , representing these forces of nature .

The Egyptian god of sunlight and daybreak , Horus was usually depicted in hieroglyphics by a sparrow-hawk , a bird which was sacred to him .
the egyptian god of sunlight and daybreak , horus was usually [showed] in hieroglyphics by a sparrow-hawk , a bird which was sacred to him .

He was depicted as the sun , a young warrior who was born each day , defeated the stars of the night and was resurrected again and again by the souls of warriors in his care .
he was [showed] as the sun , a young warrior who was born each day , defeated the stars of the night and was resurrected again and again by the souls of warriors in his care .

Her bad temper was notorious , and she was often depicted with a beard and a bow and arrow , testifying to her warlike character .
her bad temper was notorious , and she was often [showed] with a beard and a bow and arrow , testifying to her warlike character .

He is usually depicted with a bunch of keys — hence our word ‘ janitor ’ — and extremists of his cult called him Janus Quadrifrons ( Four Heads ) believing he also controlled the four seasons .
he is usually [showed] with a bunch of keys — hence our word ‘ janitor ’ — and extremists of his cult called him janus quadrifrons ( four heads ) believing he also controlled the four seasons .

Depicted as a feathered serpent , he was the chief god of life , as well as controller of the winds .
[showed] as a feathered serpent , he was the chief god of life , as well as controller of the winds .

He was usually depicted as a young man with a Phrygian cap and short tunic , thrusting a sword into the neck of a bull and thus demonstrating his triumph over the forces of evil .
he was usually [showed] as a young man with a phrygian cap and short tunic , thrusting a sword into the neck of a bull and thus demonstrating his triumph over the forces of evil .

In the Middle Ages , people often depicted their monks as ruminative animals , chewing over the Word of God repeatedly , as it were , rolling the words around in their mouths and absorbing it into themselves just as they received Jesus the Word in the Eucharist , in a symbolic and sacramental manner .
in the middle ages , people often [showed] their monks as ruminative animals , chewing over the word of god repeatedly , as it were , rolling the words around in their mouths and absorbing it into themselves just as they received jesus the word in the eucharist , in a symbolic and sacramental manner .

But it would be a mistake to imagine that the anchorage was a tiny , smelly little room , as it is sometimes depicted .
but it would be a mistake to imagine that the anchorage was a tiny , smelly little room , as it is sometimes [showed] .

On memorial brasses chrysom children are depicted in this outfit , with a cross shown on the forehead .
on memorial brasses chrysom children are [showed] in this outfit , with a cross shown on the forehead .

Figures on sepulchral monuments sporting shrouds in place of customary day dress are not so rare as those depicted on memorial brasses .
figures on sepulchral monuments sporting shrouds in place of customary day dress are not so rare as those [showed] on memorial brasses .

These displayed a more immediate response to the Last Trump , with the shrouded figure depicted in the very act of rising from the coffin .
these displayed a more immediate response to the last trump , with the shrouded figure [showed] in the very act of rising from the coffin .

The photograph depicted two naked men , engaged in one of the most nauseating of homosexual acts .
the photograph [showed] two naked men , engaged in one of the most nauseating of homosexual acts .

The female depicted on the cover was stark naked .
the female [showed] on the cover was stark naked .

The sultry female depicted on the front shocked her .
the sultry female [showed] on the front shocked her .

Although chance dictates that the evidence relates to two major centres , the situation thereby depicted does not necessarily misrepresent the economy as a whole , inasmuch as clothing was the only really large-scale manufacture , ranking high even in towns like Leicester and Northampton which had leather wares for their principal products .
although chance dictates that the evidence relates to two major centres , the situation thereby [showed] does not necessarily misrepresent the economy as a whole , inasmuch as clothing was the only really large-scale manufacture , ranking high even in towns like leicester and northampton which had leather wares for their principal products .

In 1522 an affluent society was depicted in which inequalities , albeit wide , were offset by an above-average overall standard : the profits from textiles were widely diffused .
in 1522 an affluent society was [showed] in which inequalities , albeit wide , were offset by an above-average overall standard : the profits from textiles were widely diffused .

It is not surprising that Dubček in his ascendancy gained the support of as many ‘ Stalinists ’ as backed the ‘ conservative ’ , Novotný ; nor that Novotný 's record was subsequently depicted as more ‘ Stalinist ’ than it was .
it is not surprising that dubček in his ascendancy gained the support of as many ‘ stalinists ’ as backed the ‘ conservative ’ , novotný ; nor that novotný 's record was subsequently [showed] as more ‘ stalinist ’ than it was .

They must have been used by the painter of the bull depicted on the flat side of a crystal plaque found at Knossos .
they must have been used by the painter of the bull [showed] on the flat side of a crystal plaque found at knossos .

When we look closely at the plants and animals depicted on frescoes and vases , many of them are not really very lifelike .
when we look closely at the plants and animals [showed] on frescoes and vases , many of them are not really very lifelike .

The monkeys are blue and all the facial profiles in the fresco crowds are identical ; the human beings depicted were , with a few very noteworthy exceptions , not shown as individuals .
the monkeys are blue and all the facial profiles in the fresco crowds are identical ; the human beings [showed] were , with a few very noteworthy exceptions , not shown as individuals .

Professor Stylianos Alexiou reminds us that there were other divine boys who survived from the religion of the pre-Hellenic period — Linos , Plutos , and Dionysos — so not all the young male deities we see depicted in Minoan works of art are necessarily Velchanos .
professor stylianos alexiou reminds us that there were other divine boys who survived from the religion of the pre-hellenic period — linos , plutos , and dionysos — so not all the young male deities we see [showed] in minoan works of art are necessarily velchanos .

They are found painted on larnaxes ( clay coffins ) , engraved on bronze tablets , painted on frescoes , depicted on rings and gemstones .
they are found painted on larnaxes ( clay coffins ) , engraved on bronze tablets , painted on frescoes , [showed] on rings and gemstones .

Shields and helmets , depicted in certain contexts , were also religious symbols .
shields and helmets , [showed] in certain contexts , were also religious symbols .

Large figure-of-eight shields were depicted on the walls of the East Wing of the Labyrinth , possibly to indicate that the building was under divine protection ; the dappled hides of which the shields were made presumably came from the bull , the sacred beast , and this may have given them additional prophylactic value .
large figure-of-eight shields were [showed] on the walls of the east wing of the labyrinth , possibly to indicate that the building was under divine protection ; the dappled hides of which the shields were made presumably came from the bull , the sacred beast , and this may have given them additional prophylactic value .

The priestesses ' complete abandonment to the dance , as depicted in some of the ring images , shows that they were using dance , just as the dervishes were to use it much later , to induce a state of religious ecstasy .
the priestesses ' complete abandonment to the dance , as [showed] in some of the ring images , shows that they were using dance , just as the dervishes were to use it much later , to induce a state of religious ecstasy .

The famous late figurine of a goddess found in a small rural shrine at Gazi wears a diadem embellished with three carefully depicted poppy seed-heads , and they have been cut as if for the extraction of opium .
the famous late figurine of a goddess found in a small rural shrine at gazi wears a diadem embellished with three carefully [showed] poppy seed-heads , and they have been cut as if for the extraction of opium .

The program 's task , given a diagram like that of Figure 2 , is to discover whether the arrangements of blocks depicted is stable , — if it is not — to predict the movements ( falling , sliding , motion ended by contact with another block ) and the final state of various blocks .
the program 's task , given a diagram like that of figure 2 , is to discover whether the arrangements of blocks [showed] is stable , — if it is not — to predict the movements ( falling , sliding , motion ended by contact with another block ) and the final state of various blocks .

The previous section depicted all sorts of situations in which it would be natural to describe animals or human babies as recognising something — names , parents , fellow-creatures , their own bodies ( but not their ‘ self ’ ) — and it was concluded that there was nothing out of order in so doing .
the previous section [showed] all sorts of situations in which it would be natural to describe animals or human babies as recognising something — names , parents , fellow-creatures , their own bodies ( but not their ‘ self ’ ) — and it was concluded that there was nothing out of order in so doing .

Each sentence was presented in conjunction with two pictures , one of which depicted the singular version of the sentence and one the plural .
each sentence was presented in conjunction with two pictures , one of which [showed] the singular version of the sentence and one the plural .

The child 's task was to point to the picture which correctly depicted what was described in the sentences .
the child 's task was to point to the picture which correctly [showed] what was described in the sentences .

The three culprits are depicted , Welsh Nationalists of otherwise impeccable character and one can only admire their somewhat misguided coup .
the three culprits are [showed] , welsh nationalists of otherwise impeccable character and one can only admire their somewhat misguided coup .

Pilot of the lead Hurricane depicted , Frank Twitchett , has signed every print , but the example being offered for tender has been personally signed by 22 former Battle of Britain fighter pilots .
pilot of the lead hurricane [showed] , frank twitchett , has signed every print , but the example being offered for tender has been personally signed by 22 former battle of britain fighter pilots .

The scene depicted seems vaguely Egyptian in style , but closer examination reveals that it is spattered with Masonic symbols — a pyramid covered with hieroglyphics , a chain with a five-pointed star , a trowel , a pair of compasses , and an hour-glass .
the scene [showed] seems vaguely egyptian in style , but closer examination reveals that it is spattered with masonic symbols — a pyramid covered with hieroglyphics , a chain with a five-pointed star , a trowel , a pair of compasses , and an hour-glass .

In more than one story Clifford Simak put forward the notion that the flesh-tones of dinosaurs might have been iridescent , rather than the drab grey-greens and browns depicted in so many artists impressions .
in more than one story clifford simak put forward the notion that the flesh-tones of dinosaurs might have been iridescent , rather than the drab grey-greens and browns [showed] in so many artists impressions .

Black holes have had tremendous press coverage in recent years , so there can be few who have not heard the term . However , there is a great deal of public confusion about the nature of black holes : only a few years ago a television serial depicted astronauts landing on the surface-of one !
black holes have had tremendous press coverage in recent years , so there can be few who have not heard the term . however , there is a great deal of public confusion about the nature of black holes : only a few years ago a television serial [showed] astronauts landing on the surface-of one !

Any observant traveller who moves from the snow-tipped Himalayas in the North to the sun-soaked sands of Cape Comorin at India 's southern tip , will encounter — particularly in the rural areas and at sacred centres of pilgrimage wherever Siva , God of both Divine Wisdom and regeneration , is the presiding Deity — the serpent motif sculptured within shrines , impressed on myriads of stone implants in the ground and depicted in art .
any observant traveller who moves from the snow-tipped himalayas in the north to the sun-soaked sands of cape comorin at india 's southern tip , will encounter — particularly in the rural areas and at sacred centres of pilgrimage wherever siva , god of both divine wisdom and regeneration , is the presiding deity — the serpent motif sculptured within shrines , impressed on myriads of stone implants in the ground and [showed] in art .

Their role as ‘ wise ones ’ , instructors and initiates is well documented , and their totem , the Hooded Cobra , often depicted in anthropomorphic form , has played a leading role not only in Hindu , but in Buddhist art throughout India , Sri Lanka , Java , China and Japan .
their role as ‘ wise ones ’ , instructors and initiates is well documented , and their totem , the hooded cobra , often [showed] in anthropomorphic form , has played a leading role not only in hindu , but in buddhist art throughout india , sri lanka , java , china and japan .

The Hooded Cobra depicted in a coiled or undulating position is symbolic of the spiralling , vortex-like pattern of movement of Universal Energy as it permeates matter and proceeds to nourish and vivify it .
the hooded cobra [showed] in a coiled or undulating position is symbolic of the spiralling , vortex-like pattern of movement of universal energy as it permeates matter and proceeds to nourish and vivify it .

The God Siva , who represents in his higher aspect universal intelligence and in his lower aspect metamorphosis , renewal and re-generation , governs these principles relating to the creative and dissolutionary processes in nature , and that is why the God 's image is always depicted with the Cobra adorning his person .
the god siva , who represents in his higher aspect universal intelligence and in his lower aspect metamorphosis , renewal and re-generation , governs these principles relating to the creative and dissolutionary processes in nature , and that is why the god 's image is always [showed] with the cobra adorning his person .

Cobras are constantly depicted entwined in a double helix .
cobras are constantly [showed] entwined in a double helix .

The ancient Hindu seers depicted the original cosmic creative process with somewhat more sensitivity , poetic visualization and direct insight than does modern physics .
the ancient hindu seers [showed] the original cosmic creative process with somewhat more sensitivity , poetic visualization and direct insight than does modern physics .

If a species , the increase of which is desired , is depicted on a Wandjina gallery , for example , the increase is assured .
if a species , the increase of which is desired , is [showed] on a wandjina gallery , for example , the increase is assured .

The natives know that it is not the actual paintings in the caves that activate the Kurunba but the rocks on which they are drawn ; the rocks being imbued with the ‘ spirit ’ of the entities depicted .
the natives know that it is not the actual paintings in the caves that activate the kurunba but the rocks on which they are drawn ; the rocks being imbued with the ‘ spirit ’ of the entities [showed] .

Sien had ‘ that Dolorosa expression ’ which had affected him so deeply when he had seen it depicted in the picture Woman in Mourning .
sien had ‘ that dolorosa expression ’ which had affected him so deeply when he had seen it [showed] in the picture woman in mourning .

’ He depicted them with their mothers or alone , being held or rocked , or lying in cradles .
’ he [showed] them with their mothers or alone , being held or rocked , or lying in cradles .

As a subject , travel photography was immensely popular from the beginning , if you could n't do it yourself , you could always buy a print or two which depicted the more interesting scenic points of your journey .
as a subject , travel photography was immensely popular from the beginning , if you could n't do it yourself , you could always buy a print or two which [showed] the more interesting scenic points of your journey .

The deletion of the negative by Kirkup matched well the new more assertively public attitude of homosexuals in the 1960s and 1970s ; his means , the depiction of a homosexual relationship between a Roman centurion and the crucified body of Christ , depicted in the most physical sensual terms , was nothing if not polemical .
the deletion of the negative by kirkup matched well the new more assertively public attitude of homosexuals in the 1960s and 1970s ; his means , the depiction of a homosexual relationship between a roman centurion and the crucified body of christ , [showed] in the most physical sensual terms , was nothing if not polemical .

Although rhinos have been depicted as rather vicious stampeding animals they are in fact sedentary and often solitary .
although rhinos have been [showed] as rather vicious stampeding animals they are in fact sedentary and often solitary .

There has to be a degradation of the colour on the canvas to correspond to the distance of the sea in the scene depicted .
there has to be a degradation of the colour on the canvas to correspond to the distance of the sea in the scene [showed] .

In support of this interpretation , men wearing similarly short spotted jerkins are occasionally depicted on Mycenaean vases , one of which is in the British Museum .
in support of this interpretation , men wearing similarly short spotted jerkins are occasionally [showed] on mycenaean vases , one of which is in the british museum .

The Empress Eugenie depicted by Winterhalter wearing the tiara
the empress eugenie [showed] by winterhalter wearing the tiara

It illustrates the revived importance of the depicted or inserted object by means of works by Picasso , Schnabel , de Chirico , Magritte , Warhol and so on .
it illustrates the revived importance of the [showed] or inserted object by means of works by picasso , schnabel , de chirico , magritte , warhol and so on .

The exhibition also attempts a reconstruction of the ceiling decoration from Jordaens 's own house which depicted the story of Psyche and was removed in 1888 .
the exhibition also attempts a reconstruction of the ceiling decoration from jordaens 's own house which [showed] the story of psyche and was removed in 1888 .

Bars are awarded in the usual way and , as is common to most awards , are depicted by a rosette worn on the ribbon if the medal is not worn .
bars are awarded in the usual way and , as is common to most awards , are [showed] by a rosette worn on the ribbon if the medal is not worn .

Only aerial defence depicted in the film was the efforts of two Air Corps pilots , George Welch and Kenneth Taylor , in their P–40s which had been parked at the auxiliary field at Haleiwa and not received any attention from the Japanese .
only aerial defence [showed] in the film was the efforts of two air corps pilots , george welch and kenneth taylor , in their p–40s which had been parked at the auxiliary field at haleiwa and not received any attention from the japanese .

Such was the confusion that Pravda 's critic Shumiatski had to remind his colleagues in the west that all of Chaplin 's films had depicted ‘ the tragedy of the petty bourgeoisie in capitalist society ’ .
such was the confusion that pravda 's critic shumiatski had to remind his colleagues in the west that all of chaplin 's films had [showed] ‘ the tragedy of the petty bourgeoisie in capitalist society ’ .

The greatest surprise came when in 1935 Warner Bros released Black Fury , a movie which depicted in a direct and totally unprecedented way the impact of a strike on a coal-mining community .
the greatest surprise came when in 1935 warner bros released black fury , a movie which [showed] in a direct and totally unprecedented way the impact of a strike on a coal-mining community .

Otis Ferguson was aware that the film depicted a ‘ phony strike ’ and that there was no real analysis of labour-management problems but he still felt that it had ‘ this air of life whatever we may think of its social content ’ .
otis ferguson was aware that the film [showed] a ‘ phony strike ’ and that there was no real analysis of labour-management problems but he still felt that it had ‘ this air of life whatever we may think of its social content ’ .

He was struck by the way in which Muni had depicted the suffering , the bewilderment , and the anger of a simple man , by the way in which the atmosphere and pressures of a strike-bound community had been created , and above all by the reality of the violence , which was a thing ‘ that shrieks along a man 's nerves and settles in his stomach ’ .
he was struck by the way in which muni had [showed] the suffering , the bewilderment , and the anger of a simple man , by the way in which the atmosphere and pressures of a strike-bound community had been created , and above all by the reality of the violence , which was a thing ‘ that shrieks along a man 's nerves and settles in his stomach ’ .

They are depicted by the media as glamorous , exciting and interesting .
they are [showed] by the media as glamorous , exciting and interesting .

The former depicted the royal coat of arms , texts from the scriptures , the Creed , or the Lord 's Prayer .
the former [showed] the royal coat of arms , texts from the scriptures , the creed , or the lord 's prayer .

As he is depicted in many Jewish apocryphal documents the Devil is certainly closer to the New Testament Devil than the Hebrew Satan of the Jewish Bible .
as he is [showed] in many jewish apocryphal documents the devil is certainly closer to the new testament devil than the hebrew satan of the jewish bible .

Not every walking book of this kind means that the authors ( s ) have necessarily ventured along the walks depicted .
not every walking book of this kind means that the authors ( s ) have necessarily ventured along the walks [showed] .

In the New Testament the gospel is depicted as a power of God to deal with enmity and superiority .
in the new testament the gospel is [showed] as a power of god to deal with enmity and superiority .

While churches may differ in their understanding of the timing and mode of water baptism , they must emphasise the decisive spiritual reality depicted by the sacrament .
while churches may differ in their understanding of the timing and mode of water baptism , they must emphasise the decisive spiritual reality [showed] by the sacrament .

There are various tests for colour perception , some using plates of solid colour , but the most usual one is the Ishihara Test which presents a symbol or number depicted in coloured dots against a background of dots of another colour .
there are various tests for colour perception , some using plates of solid colour , but the most usual one is the ishihara test which presents a symbol or number [showed] in coloured dots against a background of dots of another colour .

Easily Accessible : Bosham is where , according to legend , King Cnut tried and failed to turn back the sea and the village is depicted on the Bayeux Tapestry .
easily accessible : bosham is where , according to legend , king cnut tried and failed to turn back the sea and the village is [showed] on the bayeux tapestry .

Some of the polished , engraved scrimshaws , so mellow in lustre , depicted weapons ; others , armour , or miniature cameos of battle .
some of the polished , engraved scrimshaws , so mellow in lustre , [showed] weapons ; others , armour , or miniature cameos of battle .

Upon the marble wall to each side of the altar were mounted two sizable ormolu shrines , the double doors of which depicted ancient , angular types of Marine armour .
upon the marble wall to each side of the altar were mounted two sizable ormolu shrines , the double doors of which [showed] ancient , angular types of marine armour .

The vehicle depicted at the top of the page eight ( and described in the article as being twelve feet long with an end balcony ) is not the new catering vehicle , but a bogie brake van built for use on the railway by Peter Briddon ( Now better known as the proprietor of Yorkshire Engine . )
the vehicle [showed] at the top of the page eight ( and described in the article as being twelve feet long with an end balcony ) is not the new catering vehicle , but a bogie brake van built for use on the railway by peter briddon ( now better known as the proprietor of yorkshire engine . )

The heavy pine door of room 301 stood ajar , numerals depicted in hand-painted tiles set flush with the white-stucco wall .
the heavy pine door of room 301 stood ajar , numerals [showed] in hand-painted tiles set flush with the white-stucco wall .

It depicted what he took to be some sort of religious ritual .
it [showed] what he took to be some sort of religious ritual .

The regular association of passive structures with adversity in certain languages means that the passive can often carry connotations of unpleasantness even when the event depicted is not normally seen as unpleasant .
the regular association of passive structures with adversity in certain languages means that the passive can often carry connotations of unpleasantness even when the event [showed] is not normally seen as unpleasant .

Similarly bodies such as the Council for the Protection of Rural England , often depicted as the last refuge of ex-Etonian Guards officers and assorted upper-class cranks , was able to speak with a new confidence and a new authority , attract a new breed of membership and turn itself into a highly professional custodian of the English countryside .
similarly bodies such as the council for the protection of rural england , often [showed] as the last refuge of ex-etonian guards officers and assorted upper-class cranks , was able to speak with a new confidence and a new authority , attract a new breed of membership and turn itself into a highly professional custodian of the english countryside .

That theory , and its antithesis , the contract theory , share a common assumption that whether or not society has a right to demand that companies serve the public interest depends on whether the state can be depicted as playing some special role in corporate existence , different in kind from its role in sustaining unincorporated businesses .
that theory , and its antithesis , the contract theory , share a common assumption that whether or not society has a right to demand that companies serve the public interest depends on whether the state can be [showed] as playing some special role in corporate existence , different in kind from its role in sustaining unincorporated businesses .

Such recognition is reflected , for instance , in the enhancement by statute of the rights of employees against dismissal , which from an aggregate wealth viewpoint may be depicted as inhibiting factor mobility and hence on occasion as being wealth reducing .
such recognition is reflected , for instance , in the enhancement by statute of the rights of employees against dismissal , which from an aggregate wealth viewpoint may be [showed] as inhibiting factor mobility and hence on occasion as being wealth reducing .

Shareholder monitoring may be depicted as taking an owner-like , internal form , involving scrutiny of management and replacement of under-performing directors via the company 's democratic channels , or an external form , whereby dissatisfied shareholders dispose of shares in the market , possibly triggering the removal of the board via the market for corporate control .
shareholder monitoring may be [showed] as taking an owner-like , internal form , involving scrutiny of management and replacement of under-performing directors via the company 's democratic channels , or an external form , whereby dissatisfied shareholders dispose of shares in the market , possibly triggering the removal of the board via the market for corporate control .

Cases of equal numbers of additions to each area and all additions concentrated in a few areas are depicted schematically in Fig .
cases of equal numbers of additions to each area and all additions concentrated in a few areas are [showed] schematically in fig .

They stopped beside the resting horses and looked down on the vale of Grasmere , a prospect described by great poets as an unsuspected paradise , depicted by painters as a jewel set in nature , sought out by the fashionable , protected by the sensible , evoker of sublime epithets , a small , ovaloid dream lake ringed by mountains proportioned in a measure which touched the intelligence as much as the eye ; if any one place deserves the description , then Grasmere Vale could claim to be in the very eye of the Romantic storm , in its beauty , its seclusion , its inhabitants and its capacity to draw in and draw out some of the greatest artists of the era . Said Hope :
they stopped beside the resting horses and looked down on the vale of grasmere , a prospect described by great poets as an unsuspected paradise , [showed] by painters as a jewel set in nature , sought out by the fashionable , protected by the sensible , evoker of sublime epithets , a small , ovaloid dream lake ringed by mountains proportioned in a measure which touched the intelligence as much as the eye ; if any one place deserves the description , then grasmere vale could claim to be in the very eye of the romantic storm , in its beauty , its seclusion , its inhabitants and its capacity to draw in and draw out some of the greatest artists of the era . said hope :

He had always imagined them as they were depicted in the media — beautiful young girls who loved their job and lived like queens .
he had always imagined them as they were [showed] in the media — beautiful young girls who loved their job and lived like queens .

The so-called ‘ hydraulic civilizations ’ depicted by Wittfogel ( 1957 ) provide early examples of such ‘ successful ’ cultures , which nevertheless eventually failed .
the so-called ‘ hydraulic civilizations ’ [showed] by wittfogel ( 1957 ) provide early examples of such ‘ successful ’ cultures , which nevertheless eventually failed .

Instead of seeing the person depicted on the duckpond surface of the polaroids , he sees an amalgam : this one 's slightly dark upper lip , this one 's nervy legs , this one 's role in Le Médecin malgré lui at the Comédie Française ( where he has recently sat through an excruciating evening of seventeenth-century high camp ) , this one 's intensely white and brown eyes , this one 's professed love of Shakespeare , this one 's part in an erotic thriller ( he can remember her buttocks from that movie , but he ca n't fix them to the right actress without his notes ) .
instead of seeing the person [showed] on the duckpond surface of the polaroids , he sees an amalgam : this one 's slightly dark upper lip , this one 's nervy legs , this one 's role in le médecin malgré lui at the comédie française ( where he has recently sat through an excruciating evening of seventeenth-century high camp ) , this one 's intensely white and brown eyes , this one 's professed love of shakespeare , this one 's part in an erotic thriller ( he can remember her buttocks from that movie , but he ca n't fix them to the right actress without his notes ) .

Much of what he says about the roads and tracks depicted there is perceptive and useful , but even Professor Hoskins is wrong in the attribution of many of them .
much of what he says about the roads and tracks [showed] there is perceptive and useful , but even professor hoskins is wrong in the attribution of many of them .

It now seems unlikely that this was any more of a prehistoric trackway than other roads depicted on the map .
it now seems unlikely that this was any more of a prehistoric trackway than other roads [showed] on the map .

Hathor is depicted either as a beautiful young woman or as a rather sad cow .
hathor is [showed] either as a beautiful young woman or as a rather sad cow .

Hall criticizes the flimsy evidence on which , for example , Newton has been depicted as a member of an active alchemical coterie at Cambridge , supposedly including Barrow , the Lucasian professor whom he was to succeed , and Henry More , the Platonist philosopher .
hall criticizes the flimsy evidence on which , for example , newton has been [showed] as a member of an active alchemical coterie at cambridge , supposedly including barrow , the lucasian professor whom he was to succeed , and henry more , the platonist philosopher .

If we assume a raindrop to be roughly spherical , then the path of a ray of light through a raindrop will be roughly as depicted in Figure 2 .
if we assume a raindrop to be roughly spherical , then the path of a ray of light through a raindrop will be roughly as [showed] in figure 2 .

Predictions and explanations This is the step depicted on the right-hand side of Figure 1 .
predictions and explanations this is the step [showed] on the right-hand side of figure 1 .

Like Thurii or Metapontum , Cyrene issued coinage which depicted the riches of its soil , in the form of the plant Silphium .
like thurii or metapontum , cyrene issued coinage which [showed] the riches of its soil , in the form of the plant silphium .

It was a royal monopoly , and an earlier King Arkesilas is depicted on a Spartan vase of the mid-sixth century supervising his officials as they weighed it on a man-size balance ( Chamoux , Cyrene , plate vi .
it was a royal monopoly , and an earlier king arkesilas is [showed] on a spartan vase of the mid-sixth century supervising his officials as they weighed it on a man-size balance ( chamoux , cyrene , plate vi .

But one theory says the substance here depicted is not Silphium but wool ) .
but one theory says the substance here [showed] is not silphium but wool ) .

and depicted on the reliefs at Persepolis — huge quantities of bullion brought by subject peoples — must be modified by the fourth century .
and [showed] on the reliefs at persepolis — huge quantities of bullion brought by subject peoples — must be modified by the fourth century .

Remote and closed-off from the spectator , woman is often depicted in a state of reverie or dream , inert rather than physically active .
remote and closed-off from the spectator , woman is often [showed] in a state of reverie or dream , inert rather than physically active .

So he swooped to catch the falling child , drive away the wolf or restore the horse — all these miracles being depicted in small panels round the central figure of the Saint .
so he swooped to catch the falling child , drive away the wolf or restore the horse — all these miracles being [showed] in small panels round the central figure of the saint .

Pre-war trends suggest that revolution was on the cards , but they bear little resemblance to the ‘ law-governed ’ process depicted by Soviet historiography .
pre-war trends suggest that revolution was on the cards , but they bear little resemblance to the ‘ law-governed ’ process [showed] by soviet historiography .

Capitalist development was generating a factory proletariat bearing all the characteristics Marx had depicted .
capitalist development was generating a factory proletariat bearing all the characteristics marx had [showed] .

Obilić is depicted as a hero who sacrificed his life to murder the Turkish sultan after Vuk had taunted him with treachery and cowardice .
obilić is [showed] as a hero who sacrificed his life to murder the turkish sultan after vuk had taunted him with treachery and cowardice .

Later , Slovene and Croat historians depicted him as a martyr to the cause of Slav resistance to foreign rule , because the nobles against whom he rebelled were Germans , Hungarians or Slavs who had adopted the culture of their Habsburg masters .
later , slovene and croat historians [showed] him as a martyr to the cause of slav resistance to foreign rule , because the nobles against whom he rebelled were germans , hungarians or slavs who had adopted the culture of their habsburg masters .

It featured another illustration , large and faithfully depicted .
it featured another illustration , large and faithfully [showed] .

Assessing his father retrospectively with a mixture of filial compassion and uncompromising lucidity , Nizan remarked : My father depicted culture as power and wealth , as the one thing that he did not have and without which he could not become a bourgeois .
assessing his father retrospectively with a mixture of filial compassion and uncompromising lucidity , nizan remarked : my father [showed] culture as power and wealth , as the one thing that he did not have and without which he could not become a bourgeois .

As a subject , travel photography was immensely popular from the beginning , if you could n't do it yourself , you could always buy a print or two which depicted the more interesting scenic points of your journey .
as a subject , travel photography was immensely popular from the beginning , if you could n't do it yourself , you could always buy a print or two which [showed] the more interesting scenic points of your journey .

It typically presents the graphic designer with the formidable task of squeezing quarts into pint pots : a lengthy , formal statement that ca n't be edited down ; legally required fine-print detail and tables of crucial figures that may or may not be felicitously depicted as graphs , pie-charts or bar-charts of one sort or another .
it typically presents the graphic designer with the formidable task of squeezing quarts into pint pots : a lengthy , formal statement that ca n't be edited down ; legally required fine-print detail and tables of crucial figures that may or may not be felicitously [showed] as graphs , pie-charts or bar-charts of one sort or another .

The children depicted in Serrailier 's poem , having watched a mouse frightened by a pheasant , chalk … in capitals on a rusty can :
the children [showed] in serrailier 's poem , having watched a mouse frightened by a pheasant , chalk … in capitals on a rusty can :

We have referred to the life cycle depicted in figure 6.3 as that of a ‘ typical ’ family .
we have referred to the life cycle [showed] in figure 6.3 as that of a ‘ typical ’ family .

Unlike generations of ‘ So tell me , Professor … ’ presentations , geared at younger audiences , the show 's appeal would be upwards of Whirligig , but pitched to fall short of the gut horror depicted in the Quatermass dramas or Robert Gould 's 1962 serial The Big Pull , which had centred around the biological perils of sending astronauts through the Earth 's radiation belt .
unlike generations of ‘ so tell me , professor … ’ presentations , geared at younger audiences , the show 's appeal would be upwards of whirligig , but pitched to fall short of the gut horror [showed] in the quatermass dramas or robert gould 's 1962 serial the big pull , which had centred around the biological perils of sending astronauts through the earth 's radiation belt .

Katherine was moved by the delicacy of the paintings , the playful motion of shapes which suggested rather than depicted .
katherine was moved by the delicacy of the paintings , the playful motion of shapes which suggested rather than [showed] .

The depicted letter from The Baroness Blatch may well provoke feelings of satisfaction and safety among our brethren .
the [showed] letter from the baroness blatch may well provoke feelings of satisfaction and safety among our brethren .

Paula Rego 's sequence of prints , inspired by nursery rhymes , actually seizes on language itself as a female domain , originating with the mother , in the nursery , and extended through play and gossip , as depicted in her etching ‘ Secrets and Whispers ’ , and the one she has given to New Hall , ‘ Encampment ’ , which appropriately has been hung in the Senior Common Room , a place to gather and talk , tell stories , exchange ideas .
paula rego 's sequence of prints , inspired by nursery rhymes , actually seizes on language itself as a female domain , originating with the mother , in the nursery , and extended through play and gossip , as [showed] in her etching ‘ secrets and whispers ’ , and the one she has given to new hall , ‘ encampment ’ , which appropriately has been hung in the senior common room , a place to gather and talk , tell stories , exchange ideas .

With regard to stereotyping , the justifiable objections are not only that males and females are depicted as occupying separate and ‘ traditional ’ spheres , but that the books present an over-exaggerated version of contemporary gender roles .
with regard to stereotyping , the justifiable objections are not only that males and females are [showed] as occupying separate and ‘ traditional ’ spheres , but that the books present an over-exaggerated version of contemporary gender roles .

This leads inevitably to great simplification or stylization , and , at the same time , to a clarification and accentuation of what are felt to be the significant features or details of the object depicted .
this leads inevitably to great simplification or stylization , and , at the same time , to a clarification and accentuation of what are felt to be the significant features or details of the object [showed] .

Whether the diversity depicted above is reflected in the presence of two tests , rational basis and rightness , or whether we should simply work through the former is largely a matter of semantics .
whether the diversity [showed] above is reflected in the presence of two tests , rational basis and rightness , or whether we should simply work through the former is largely a matter of semantics .

The apparently straightforward pattern depicted on formal committee and management charts massively oversimplifies the internal working of local authorities .
the apparently straightforward pattern [showed] on formal committee and management charts massively oversimplifies the internal working of local authorities .

While some of the ‘ ordinary members ’ may accurately be depicted as ignorant and unintelligent , ‘ council leaders are more usually of a much higher calibre ’ .
while some of the ‘ ordinary members ’ may accurately be [showed] as ignorant and unintelligent , ‘ council leaders are more usually of a much higher calibre ’ .

’ Cheryl crossed the patchy carpet to the nearest window and began to study the landscape depicted on it .
’ cheryl crossed the patchy carpet to the nearest window and began to study the landscape [showed] on it .

It is likely that these findings will be strongly disputed in some quarters : understandably , because no individual or organization wishes to be depicted in terms other than those of the most scrupulous integrity and open-mindedness where such matters are concerned .
it is likely that these findings will be strongly disputed in some quarters : understandably , because no individual or organization wishes to be [showed] in terms other than those of the most scrupulous integrity and open-mindedness where such matters are concerned .

Such behaviour is hardly the ultimate manifestation of anarchy that it is often depicted to be .
such behaviour is hardly the ultimate manifestation of anarchy that it is often [showed] to be .

This form of parodic engagement with the discursive edifices erected by a male-dominated society is depicted in the novels as a distinctly feminine linguistic strategy .
this form of parodic engagement with the discursive edifices erected by a male-dominated society is [showed] in the novels as a distinctly feminine linguistic strategy .

Even a cursory examination of television advertising styles reveals young people , usually male , depicted in styles which are not the traditional collective uniforms of the youth cultures of the 1970s , but mixed to combine street style with street creditability .
even a cursory examination of television advertising styles reveals young people , usually male , [showed] in styles which are not the traditional collective uniforms of the youth cultures of the 1970s , but mixed to combine street style with street creditability .

Sutherland 's fellow neo-romantic British artists , Keith Vaughan , John Minton and John Craxton , all depicted , in the 40s and 50s , industrial scenes , including mines .
sutherland 's fellow neo-romantic british artists , keith vaughan , john minton and john craxton , all [showed] , in the 40s and 50s , industrial scenes , including mines .

Hercules is often depicted holding a club and draped with a lion 's hide .
hercules is often [showed] holding a club and draped with a lion 's hide .

Ceolred was not without at least one rival as king of the Mercians , namely Aethelbald , son of Alwih , who is depicted in the genealogies of the kings of Mercia as a descendant of Penda 's brother , Eowa ( see Appendix , Fig .
ceolred was not without at least one rival as king of the mercians , namely aethelbald , son of alwih , who is [showed] in the genealogies of the kings of mercia as a descendant of penda 's brother , eowa ( see appendix , fig .

Wilde , depicted as the leader of the aesthetic movement , with its unnatural taste for the sensual and the erotic , was pilloried in court as a foreign parasite .
wilde , [showed] as the leader of the aesthetic movement , with its unnatural taste for the sensual and the erotic , was pilloried in court as a foreign parasite .

Opponents rejected natural selection outright and revived pre-Darwinian theories such as Lamarckism and saltationism as the basis for their claim that evolution could not be the totally haphazard process depicted by Darwin 's theory .
opponents rejected natural selection outright and revived pre-darwinian theories such as lamarckism and saltationism as the basis for their claim that evolution could not be the totally haphazard process [showed] by darwin 's theory .

The likely rate of development of fire in a high-bay warehouse , is described in Chapter 6 ‘ Requirements for Fire Protection in High-Bay Warehouses ’ and is depicted in figure 1 of that chapter .
the likely rate of development of fire in a high-bay warehouse , is described in chapter 6 ‘ requirements for fire protection in high-bay warehouses ’ and is [showed] in figure 1 of that chapter .

Nor is it a sheer intellectual exercise , a modern form of the Glass Bead Game , as depicted by Hermann Hesse in his novel .
nor is it a sheer intellectual exercise , a modern form of the glass bead game , as [showed] by hermann hesse in his novel .

Siferwas depicted himself several times in the habit of a Dominican friar .
siferwas [showed] himself several times in the habit of a dominican friar .

Siferwas depicted John Whas , the scribe of the Missal , as a Benedictine .
siferwas [showed] john whas , the scribe of the missal , as a benedictine .

On folio 4 verso , Siferwas depicted himself presenting the manuscript to Lovell .
on folio 4 verso , siferwas [showed] himself presenting the manuscript to lovell .

Her second children 's book , Carrots — Just a Little Boy ( 1876 ) , for instance , which depicted her own family and included an irascible father , was written with great sympathy from the point of view of a six-year-old .
her second children 's book , carrots — just a little boy ( 1876 ) , for instance , which [showed] her own family and included an irascible father , was written with great sympathy from the point of view of a six-year-old .

The garden depicted with such passionate intensity is based on one at Maytham Hall , a house in Kent which she rented for many years and last visited in 1907 .
the garden [showed] with such passionate intensity is based on one at maytham hall , a house in kent which she rented for many years and last visited in 1907 .

Returned to the invisibility of the home front , where we should have been all along , unaccounted for among the statistics of unemployment , stuck with the main responsibility for unpaid community care as the welfare state collapsed , women have seen the major characteristics of the depression of the 1980s depicted as male and youth unemployment , the destruction of men 's jobs , small businessmen going bankrupt and resentment turning to violence on the streets .
returned to the invisibility of the home front , where we should have been all along , unaccounted for among the statistics of unemployment , stuck with the main responsibility for unpaid community care as the welfare state collapsed , women have seen the major characteristics of the depression of the 1980s [showed] as male and youth unemployment , the destruction of men 's jobs , small businessmen going bankrupt and resentment turning to violence on the streets .

’ This restriction to certain defined events would appear to exclude commercial gatherings , and aimless events ( once depicted as ‘ happenings ’ ) .
’ this restriction to certain defined events would appear to exclude commercial gatherings , and aimless events ( once [showed] as ‘ happenings ’ ) .

The original version of the model is depicted in Figure 8 .
the original version of the model is [showed] in figure 8 .

Thus we arrive at the second version of the logogen model , as described by Morton ( 1978 ) ; it is depicted in Figure 9 .
thus we arrive at the second version of the logogen model , as described by morton ( 1978 ) ; it is [showed] in figure 9 .

This entire processing apparatus is depicted in Figure 10 .
this entire processing apparatus is [showed] in figure 10 .

The complete context picture depicted a young man standing in the street serenading his girlfriend who is looking out of the window at the top of a tall block of flats .
the complete context picture [showed] a young man standing in the street serenading his girlfriend who is looking out of the window at the top of a tall block of flats .

This is well illustrated by the following extract , taken from an undergraduate 's description of the events depicted in a puppet film .
this is well illustrated by the following extract , taken from an undergraduate 's description of the events [showed] in a puppet film .

Turner and Rommetveit ( 1967 ) and Tannenbaum and Williams ( 1968 ) manipulated subjects ' focus of attention while they were describing events depicted in simple line drawings .
turner and rommetveit ( 1967 ) and tannenbaum and williams ( 1968 ) manipulated subjects ' focus of attention while they were describing events [showed] in simple line drawings .

In the experiment carried out by Tannenbaum and Williams , focus of attention was manipulated by prior presentation of a preamble concerning either the acted or acted-upon depicted in the line drawing .
in the experiment carried out by tannenbaum and williams , focus of attention was manipulated by prior presentation of a preamble concerning either the acted or acted-upon [showed] in the line drawing .

a bicycle , a ball ) and the depicted action involved either an actor and acted-upon of the same class ( e.g .
a bicycle , a ball ) and the [showed] action involved either an actor and acted-upon of the same class ( e.g .

At the beginning of each sequence , a picture of a human , an animal or object was presented , and the sequence was introduced as being a ‘ story ’ about whoever or whatever was depicted in this initial picture .
at the beginning of each sequence , a picture of a human , an animal or object was presented , and the sequence was introduced as being a ‘ story ’ about whoever or whatever was [showed] in this initial picture .

For example , in one sequence the following events ( all involving a girl ) were depicted :
for example , in one sequence the following events ( all involving a girl ) were [showed] :

Ah 've seen pictures of drinkin ' vessels where the only way of gettin ' at the liquor is through the penis , but Ah 've never seen fellatio depicted or pictures of miniatures like this … Maybe it 's just a copy .
ah 've seen pictures of drinkin ' vessels where the only way of gettin ' at the liquor is through the penis , but ah 've never seen fellatio [showed] or pictures of miniatures like this … maybe it 's just a copy .

( 1a ) In a cultural text the object depicted can either be auratic or nonauratic .
( 1a ) in a cultural text the object [showed] can either be auratic or nonauratic .

( lb ) The means by which an object is depicted in a cultural text can also be auratic or nonauratic .
( lb ) the means by which an object is [showed] in a cultural text can also be auratic or nonauratic .

Although initially withheld because it depicted conditions of extreme deprivation , the Commission 's report was nonetheless instrumental in the decision , taken at Montego Bay in 1947 , that the West Indies , under a federal system of government , should be guided toward Dominion-hood .
although initially withheld because it [showed] conditions of extreme deprivation , the commission 's report was nonetheless instrumental in the decision , taken at montego bay in 1947 , that the west indies , under a federal system of government , should be guided toward dominion-hood .

The change in the character of figural composition in the east is apparent in the nature as well as in the kind of figures depicted : figures together in a scene , groups of figures , and some individual figures .
the change in the character of figural composition in the east is apparent in the nature as well as in the kind of figures [showed] : figures together in a scene , groups of figures , and some individual figures .

In the central panel are depicted two wrestling Cupids , watched by a species of large bird ; this is enclosed by , a single dark line and is bordered by a chain-guilloche with `` tongues `` .
in the central panel are [showed] two wrestling cupids , watched by a species of large bird ; this is enclosed by , a single dark line and is bordered by a chain-guilloche with `` tongues `` .

The eyes and the fins of the dolphins are also much more clearly and elaborately depicted than in the former . ``
the eyes and the fins of the dolphins are also much more clearly and elaborately [showed] than in the former . ``

Thus a detailed criticism in `` The Observer `` of the activities of the Workers ' Revolutionary Party was justified , despite proof that some allegations were untrue : the jury found that the inaccuracies could not `` materially injure `` plaintiffs who had been depicted in an otherwise truthful light .
thus a detailed criticism in `` the observer `` of the activities of the workers ' revolutionary party was justified , despite proof that some allegations were untrue : the jury found that the inaccuracies could not `` materially injure `` plaintiffs who had been [showed] in an otherwise truthful light .

Rozsika Parker , referring to historical embroidery , suggests that : ‘ What women depicted in thread became determined by notions of femininity , and the resulting femininity of embroidery defined and constructed its practitioners in its own image ’ .
rozsika parker , referring to historical embroidery , suggests that : ‘ what women [showed] in thread became determined by notions of femininity , and the resulting femininity of embroidery defined and constructed its practitioners in its own image ’ .

An unusual and exquisite piece of work in gold and enamel , it depicted what was undoubtedly a white unicorn against a blue shield .
an unusual and exquisite piece of work in gold and enamel , it [showed] what was undoubtedly a white unicorn against a blue shield .

The air sign , Gemini , was depicted by twin cats , ethereal in clear bluish glass , yet with an extra dimension because they were so clearly communicating with each other .
the air sign , gemini , was [showed] by twin cats , ethereal in clear bluish glass , yet with an extra dimension because they were so clearly communicating with each other .

At eye-level a series of beautifully carved rectangular panels depicted the sun , the moon and stars , and the twelve signs of the zodiac .
at eye-level a series of beautifully carved rectangular panels [showed] the sun , the moon and stars , and the twelve signs of the zodiac .

Luce 's heart sang as she recalled his zodiac sculptures , the way he had depicted Jupiter-ruled Sagittarius as a girl bringing warmth and happiness and pure joy .
luce 's heart sang as she recalled his zodiac sculptures , the way he had [showed] jupiter-ruled sagittarius as a girl bringing warmth and happiness and pure joy .

The lower part of the horloge , the round calendarium , depicted the course of village life , and the signs of the zodiac .
the lower part of the horloge , the round calendarium , [showed] the course of village life , and the signs of the zodiac .

Moreover , even if these undesirable side effects of deflation could be disregarded and the progress towards a state of full employment did in fact correspond to the mechanism depicted in Figure 5.3 , exactly the same result could be more expeditiously achieved simply by increasing the nominal money supply .
moreover , even if these undesirable side effects of deflation could be disregarded and the progress towards a state of full employment did in fact correspond to the mechanism [showed] in figure 5.3 , exactly the same result could be more expeditiously achieved simply by increasing the nominal money supply .

In Keynesian theory the direction of causation is reversed : the fall in the real wage rate depicted in Figure 5.5 is the consequence , not the cause , of the rise in output .
in keynesian theory the direction of causation is reversed : the fall in the real wage rate [showed] in figure 5.5 is the consequence , not the cause , of the rise in output .

The shape of the inverse relationship is depicted in Figure 6.1 .
the shape of the inverse relationship is [showed] in figure 6.1 .

For example , in Figure 6.2 , two initial disequilibrium states are depicted .
for example , in figure 6.2 , two initial disequilibrium states are [showed] .

Consider the original money wage version of the Phillips curve depicted in Figure 6.5 .
consider the original money wage version of the phillips curve [showed] in figure 6.5 .

These are questions which were first posed over fifty years ago , but they have obviously made little lasting impact on a literature where the expenditure flows depicted in elaborations of the model have been the principal focus of attention .
these are questions which were first posed over fifty years ago , but they have obviously made little lasting impact on a literature where the expenditure flows [showed] in elaborations of the model have been the principal focus of attention .

The application of microelectronics to regulate the use of energy is , likewise , being depicted by this country 's government as a manifestation of progress since it involves harnessing advanced technology to promote efficient consumption .
the application of microelectronics to regulate the use of energy is , likewise , being [showed] by this country 's government as a manifestation of progress since it involves harnessing advanced technology to promote efficient consumption .

In response to this line of thought it may well be pointed out that the subordination of woman to man is depicted in scripture as having resulted from the fall .
in response to this line of thought it may well be pointed out that the subordination of woman to man is [showed] in scripture as having resulted from the fall .

At Christmas , the most celebrated festival of the year , a particular story is depicted on Christmas cards or in nativity plays .
at christmas , the most celebrated festival of the year , a particular story is [showed] on christmas cards or in nativity plays .

And he would have to pose for hours , holding a sword and perched on a trestle or wooden horse while some artist-wallah depicted `` The Relief of Krishnapur `` !
and he would have to pose for hours , holding a sword and perched on a trestle or wooden horse while some artist-wallah [showed] `` the relief of krishnapur `` !

Each picture-strip depicted both of the events referred to by the sentence , and the two strips differed only with respect to the order in which the events were depicted .
each picture-strip [showed] both of the events referred to by the sentence , and the two strips differed only with respect to the order in which the events were [showed] .

The top picture depicted an action ( e.g .
the top picture [showed] an action ( e.g .

, John winding up the toy car ) , and the lower picture depicted a result of the action ( e.g .
, john winding up the toy car ) , and the lower picture [showed] a result of the action ( e.g .

Ten years earlier a cartoon by David Low had depicted him as rejecting an appeal for advice by Austen Chamberlain ( soon to reappear on the stage of Baldwin 's life ) and saying , ‘ But you are Foreign Secretary .
ten years earlier a cartoon by david low had [showed] him as rejecting an appeal for advice by austen chamberlain ( soon to reappear on the stage of baldwin 's life ) and saying , ‘ but you are foreign secretary .

In the hall one of the walls was given over entirely to a tiled picture of Christ displaying His Sacred Heart ; another depicted the Blessed Virgin being carried upwards to Heaven by a host of angels , and a third was of St Anthony holding a lily and looking tenderly down at the beholder .
in the hall one of the walls was given over entirely to a tiled picture of christ displaying his sacred heart ; another [showed] the blessed virgin being carried upwards to heaven by a host of angels , and a third was of st anthony holding a lily and looking tenderly down at the beholder .

Diem proved a harsh dictator , using American aid to remove opposition , all of which depicted as Communist , and in 1956 he refused to hold the elections stipulated at Geneva .
diem proved a harsh dictator , using american aid to remove opposition , all of which [showed] as communist , and in 1956 he refused to hold the elections stipulated at geneva .

McGovern was easily depicted by Nixon as both `` radical `` and unreliable .
mcgovern was easily [showed] by nixon as both `` radical `` and unreliable .

Furthermore , the controlled use of sex when , for example , attractive women are depicted in advertisements and on business calendars , ultimately shows a lack of respect for the customer and detracts from the essence of the product you are trying to sell , which is not sex .
furthermore , the controlled use of sex when , for example , attractive women are [showed] in advertisements and on business calendars , ultimately shows a lack of respect for the customer and detracts from the essence of the product you are trying to sell , which is not sex .

Kirchner and Kollwitz , with more than one hundred drawings , prints and sculptures by the woman artist who depicted poverty , injustice , conflict and oppression
kirchner and kollwitz , with more than one hundred drawings , prints and sculptures by the woman artist who [showed] poverty , injustice , conflict and oppression

Layers and heaps of accurately depicted books , sun-glasses , clothing , toys , telephone and tape-recorders form static still lifes in the classical tradition .
layers and heaps of accurately [showed] books , sun-glasses , clothing , toys , telephone and tape-recorders form static still lifes in the classical tradition .

At one time in the recent past , willow-pattern plates and dishes were very popular , but did people buy them for the sad story of the elopement they depicted , or only because they were fashionable at the time ?
at one time in the recent past , willow-pattern plates and dishes were very popular , but did people buy them for the sad story of the elopement they [showed] , or only because they were fashionable at the time ?

If the cucullati could be depicted as objects of ridicule , other religious images could have suffered too .
if the cucullati could be [showed] as objects of ridicule , other religious images could have suffered too .

In consequence , he was often depicted on mausolea and sarcophagi .
in consequence , he was often [showed] on mausolea and sarcophagi .

In the centre Hercules and the Ninth Labour are depicted — the taking of the Golden Apples with the guardian snake emerging from the tree and one of the daughters of Hesperos retreating in alarm .
in the centre hercules and the ninth labour are [showed] — the taking of the golden apples with the guardian snake emerging from the tree and one of the daughters of hesperos retreating in alarm .

It is Ovid 's story of Hero and Leander depicted in a sequence of six tapestries .
it is ovid 's story of hero and leander [showed] in a sequence of six tapestries .

Some of the features of the legal model which we have depicted such as the power of the shareholders to dismiss the directors and the fiduciary duties imposed upon the directors are provided for by the law rather than by the articles of association .
some of the features of the legal model which we have [showed] such as the power of the shareholders to dismiss the directors and the fiduciary duties imposed upon the directors are provided for by the law rather than by the articles of association .

This fashion for including rugs in paintings was translated into religious works : Nicholas di Buonaccorsa , Ghirlandaio , Carpaccio and many others depicted the Virgin sitting on a throne with an oriental rug spread out on the floor or steps in front of her .
this fashion for including rugs in paintings was translated into religious works : nicholas di buonaccorsa , ghirlandaio , carpaccio and many others [showed] the virgin sitting on a throne with an oriental rug spread out on the floor or steps in front of her .

Formal hunting scenes are firmly rooted in the traditions of the Persian Shahs and princelings who loved to have themselves depicted as noble hunters and horsemen ; such scenes represent the nearest examples of portraiture to be found in traditional rug designs .
formal hunting scenes are firmly rooted in the traditions of the persian shahs and princelings who loved to have themselves [showed] as noble hunters and horsemen ; such scenes represent the nearest examples of portraiture to be found in traditional rug designs .

The situation is depicted in figure 2.1 , with the monopolist 's price and output given by .
the situation is [showed] in figure 2.1 , with the monopolist 's price and output given by .

One is cheaper than two when : Hence we have the industry cost arrangement depicted in figure 2.2 .
one is cheaper than two when : hence we have the industry cost arrangement [showed] in figure 2.2 .

One photograph depicted a gartered stocking leg .
one photograph [showed] a gartered stocking leg .

As you are probably aware , the actual network of lines and stations beneath London 's streets does not conform to the neat , straight lines with regularly spaced stations depicted on the map .
as you are probably aware , the actual network of lines and stations beneath london 's streets does not conform to the neat , straight lines with regularly spaced stations [showed] on the map .

The creche was finished , and depicted two lifesize figures of legionnaires in the desert , one cradling the other in his arms as he lay dying .
the creche was finished , and [showed] two lifesize figures of legionnaires in the desert , one cradling the other in his arms as he lay dying .

The life of a Home Secretary has been depicted by several former holders of the office as being unduly susceptible to interruption by sudden and totally unexpected incidents which require all his attention :
the life of a home secretary has been [showed] by several former holders of the office as being unduly susceptible to interruption by sudden and totally unexpected incidents which require all his attention :

The battlefield between the incoming Home Secretary and the veteran civil servant is vividly depicted in Jenkins 's memoirs .
the battlefield between the incoming home secretary and the veteran civil servant is vividly [showed] in jenkins 's memoirs .

Other commentators depicted the Act less flatteringly as yet another example of ‘ dustbin legislation ’ .
other commentators [showed] the act less flatteringly as yet another example of ‘ dustbin legislation ’ .

Typical of these was Will Zens ' To the Shores of Hell ( 1965 ) , which depicted the first landings of American Marines at Da Nang .
typical of these was will zens ' to the shores of hell ( 1965 ) , which [showed] the first landings of american marines at da nang .

Middle-class children , on the other hand , drew explicit attention to the test conditions : ‘ this is a picture ; in the picture a boy is depicted as kicking a ball through a window … ’ ( ibid . )
middle-class children , on the other hand , drew explicit attention to the test conditions : ‘ this is a picture ; in the picture a boy is [showed] as kicking a ball through a window … ’ ( ibid . )

Henceforth gods might be depicted in theriomorphic or animal form , in anthropomorphic or human form , or in a therianthropic or hybrid form with human body and animal head .
henceforth gods might be [showed] in theriomorphic or animal form , in anthropomorphic or human form , or in a therianthropic or hybrid form with human body and animal head .

Khonsu was also a moon god , who could be depicted as hawk-headed , and was venerated at Thebes as the son of Amun and Mut .
khonsu was also a moon god , who could be [showed] as hawk-headed , and was venerated at thebes as the son of amun and mut .

The morning sun was Khepri either as a scarab or a scarab-headed man , and was also Harakhty , Horus of the Horizon , depicted as a falcon or as a falcon-headed man with a sun disk on top of his head .
the morning sun was khepri either as a scarab or a scarab-headed man , and was also harakhty , horus of the horizon , [showed] as a falcon or as a falcon-headed man with a sun disk on top of his head .

It remained on earth as a manifestation of the deceased and was depicted as a bird with a human head .
it remained on earth as a manifestation of the deceased and was [showed] as a bird with a human head .

Of these the most important was Abydos and either the pilgrimage to Abydos was depicted on the walls of the tomb or the deceased erected a stele along the great processional way at Abydos which led to the tomb of Osiris .
of these the most important was abydos and either the pilgrimage to abydos was [showed] on the walls of the tomb or the deceased erected a stele along the great processional way at abydos which led to the tomb of osiris .

cat goddess of grace and joy , depicted as a cat or cat-headed woman .
cat goddess of grace and joy , [showed] as a cat or cat-headed woman .

His animal was the ram and he is depicted as a ram or a ram-headed man .
his animal was the ram and he is [showed] as a ram or a ram-headed man .

His Predynastic sign was a thunderbolt , later depicted as a human ithyphallic figure and often identified with Amun .
his predynastic sign was a thunderbolt , later [showed] as a human ithyphallic figure and often identified with amun .

primordial deity of the waters of chaos , depicted in human form .
primordial deity of the waters of chaos , [showed] in human form .

He could be depicted in a number of animal forms including the hippopotamus and the crocodile .
he could be [showed] in a number of animal forms including the hippopotamus and the crocodile .

In each case one pole of the continuum is depicted as conservative and the other as radical , and this has often been related to overt political positions .
in each case one pole of the continuum is [showed] as conservative and the other as radical , and this has often been related to overt political positions .

The reasons have been strikingly depicted by Cole and Postgate ( 1961:306 ) : The appalling sanitary conditions were accompanied by an increase in destitution and pauperism as people left the countryside , or were forced to leave by the Enclosure Acts , and sought jobs in the manufacturing towns .
the reasons have been strikingly [showed] by cole and postgate ( 1961:306 ) : the appalling sanitary conditions were accompanied by an increase in destitution and pauperism as people left the countryside , or were forced to leave by the enclosure acts , and sought jobs in the manufacturing towns .

You yourself seem to have emerged into what is usually depicted , in newspaper interviews , as an ‘ idyllic ’ love affair with an American woman .
you yourself seem to have emerged into what is usually [showed] , in newspaper interviews , as an ‘ idyllic ’ love affair with an american woman .

what was not described was the atmosphere generated by the prophetic posters with the heroic blackshirted leader depicted at the salute and the promise of ‘ Mosley is Coming !
what was not described was the atmosphere generated by the prophetic posters with the heroic blackshirted leader [showed] at the salute and the promise of ‘ mosley is coming !

Not surprisingly , St George and St Michael were the patrons of new orders : both were depicted in art as the defenders of the innocent against the forces of evil .
not surprisingly , st george and st michael were the patrons of new orders : both were [showed] in art as the defenders of the innocent against the forces of evil .

In his monumental opus Terra Nostra — certainly one of the dozen or so most important novels to be published in any language since the Second World War — the respected Mexican novelist Carlos Fuentes depicted Jesus as surviving the Cross by means of fraudulent crucifixion involving a substitute .
in his monumental opus terra nostra — certainly one of the dozen or so most important novels to be published in any language since the second world war — the respected mexican novelist carlos fuentes [showed] jesus as surviving the cross by means of fraudulent crucifixion involving a substitute .

According to that tradition , Paul is depicted as ‘ faithfully disseminating Jesus 's message across the Romanised world of his time ’ .
according to that tradition , paul is [showed] as ‘ faithfully disseminating jesus 's message across the romanised world of his time ’ .

As we have said , Simon Peter 's vicissitudes , as depicted by Anita Mason , can not have been unique .
as we have said , simon peter 's vicissitudes , as [showed] by anita mason , can not have been unique .

And in the decorations commissioned by Bérenger Saunière for the church at Rennes-le-Château , both Mary and Joseph are depicted , one on each side of the altar , holding a Christ-child .
and in the decorations commissioned by bérenger saunière for the church at rennes-le-château , both mary and joseph are [showed] , one on each side of the altar , holding a christ-child .

This model of the heroin ‘ epidemic ’ is depicted in Figure 3.3 , and implies that the prevalence of known heroin use would peak around 1988–9 .
this model of the heroin ‘ epidemic ’ is [showed] in figure 3.3 , and implies that the prevalence of known heroin use would peak around 1988–9 .

From a health policy perspective the scenario depicted is that the increasing numbers of older people described earlier will lead to the population of the western industrial nations being infirm , demented and disease ridden with an insatiable demand for health and social care .
from a health policy perspective the scenario [showed] is that the increasing numbers of older people described earlier will lead to the population of the western industrial nations being infirm , demented and disease ridden with an insatiable demand for health and social care .

Conversely youth is depicted as a time of vitality and good health .
conversely youth is [showed] as a time of vitality and good health .

The scenario depicted is that decreased hospital stay means that older people ( or indeed patients of any age ) are being sent home with high levels of dependency ; community services/informal carers can not cope and the person has to come back into hospital .
the scenario [showed] is that decreased hospital stay means that older people ( or indeed patients of any age ) are being sent home with high levels of dependency ; community services/informal carers can not cope and the person has to come back into hospital .

Caring is usually depicted as a one-way relationship .
caring is usually [showed] as a one-way relationship .

The cover picture of a paperback edition of She and Allan published for popular consumption in 1960 implied that this was a ‘ romantic ’ novel , but the orthodox young , handsome ‘ hero ’ depicted there bears little relation to the ‘ insignificant and withered hunter ’ whose presence , helped by that of the warrior Umslopagaas , coolly acceptant of mystery , pulls this tale of Ayesha round into the robust atmosphere of Rider Haggard 's most typical African adventures .
the cover picture of a paperback edition of she and allan published for popular consumption in 1960 implied that this was a ‘ romantic ’ novel , but the orthodox young , handsome ‘ hero ’ [showed] there bears little relation to the ‘ insignificant and withered hunter ’ whose presence , helped by that of the warrior umslopagaas , coolly acceptant of mystery , pulls this tale of ayesha round into the robust atmosphere of rider haggard 's most typical african adventures .

The contrast between the two men of near-identical appearance is shown in a less formal , more novelistic manner in the character of the King , depicted in The Prisoner of Zenda as a weak , pleasure-loving young man trying to equip himself for his destiny and in Rupert of Hentzau as a man ill in body , weaned by matters of state , gradually coming to resent his obligations to the man whose courage and energy have twice saved his position for him and burdened by jealous suspicions of his wife 's fidelity .
the contrast between the two men of near-identical appearance is shown in a less formal , more novelistic manner in the character of the king , [showed] in the prisoner of zenda as a weak , pleasure-loving young man trying to equip himself for his destiny and in rupert of hentzau as a man ill in body , weaned by matters of state , gradually coming to resent his obligations to the man whose courage and energy have twice saved his position for him and burdened by jealous suspicions of his wife 's fidelity .

Anti-patriarchal utopias in which male power , if not man himself , has been eliminated , and in which women have created a new social structure , are convincingly depicted in feminist science-fiction , and advocated as social policy by some radical feminist writers ( see , for example Firestone , 1971 ) .
anti-patriarchal utopias in which male power , if not man himself , has been eliminated , and in which women have created a new social structure , are convincingly [showed] in feminist science-fiction , and advocated as social policy by some radical feminist writers ( see , for example firestone , 1971 ) .

The horror depicted in Kafka 's Metamorphosis , in which a man awakens to discover that he has become a large insect , invites comparison with the norms of women 's existence — her passages from childhood to puberty , from mature womanhood to menopause and old age ; her experience of pregnancy .
the horror [showed] in kafka 's metamorphosis , in which a man awakens to discover that he has become a large insect , invites comparison with the norms of women 's existence — her passages from childhood to puberty , from mature womanhood to menopause and old age ; her experience of pregnancy .

Though the woman depicted on the pages of the magazines may be represented as wanting to be treated as a means , this type of depiction of women is commonplace , and is one of the major expressions of women 's oppression .
though the woman [showed] on the pages of the magazines may be represented as wanting to be treated as a means , this type of depiction of women is commonplace , and is one of the major expressions of women 's oppression .

Sometimes women are depicted almost as a caricature of a male stereotype of themselves — they are servile , weak , powerless etc .
sometimes women are [showed] almost as a caricature of a male stereotype of themselves — they are servile , weak , powerless etc .

The traditional Keynesian approach has tended to regard unemployment and inflation as being inversely related , as is depicted by the shape of the Phillips curve .
the traditional keynesian approach has tended to regard unemployment and inflation as being inversely related , as is [showed] by the shape of the phillips curve .

Representative bodies in communist states are commonly depicted as ‘ rubber stamping ’ institutions , meeting infrequently , lacking partisan or factional divisions , producing a small legislative output , presenting no significant challenge to government , and with all important decisions taken by party members subject to party control .
representative bodies in communist states are commonly [showed] as ‘ rubber stamping ’ institutions , meeting infrequently , lacking partisan or factional divisions , producing a small legislative output , presenting no significant challenge to government , and with all important decisions taken by party members subject to party control .

On these surfaces are depicted in gold and brilliant colour the story of Christianity .
on these surfaces are [showed] in gold and brilliant colour the story of christianity .

The columns are ornamented in geometrical designs but on the apses , domes and walls are depicted biblical scenes with the Christ Pantacrator , apostles and saints .
the columns are ornamented in geometrical designs but on the apses , domes and walls are [showed] biblical scenes with the christ pantacrator , apostles and saints .

In part ( a ) the two depicted individuals have different but diminishing marginal utility of income schedules.3 With to distribute , the relevant maximizing allocations are and .
in part ( a ) the two [showed] individuals have different but diminishing marginal utility of income schedules.3 with to distribute , the relevant maximizing allocations are and .

In part ( a ) the demand and supply of labour for the economy is depicted .
in part ( a ) the demand and supply of labour for the economy is [showed] .

It was a schizophrenic view , as he was depicted by cartoonists as a buffoon , a cringing halfwit with cap constantly in hand , but the balloons , the sandbags , the innumerable air-raid shelters attested to the underlying fear .
it was a schizophrenic view , as he was [showed] by cartoonists as a buffoon , a cringing halfwit with cap constantly in hand , but the balloons , the sandbags , the innumerable air-raid shelters attested to the underlying fear .

He had been playing Happy Families at the time and wondering why it was that the families depicted on the cards should be so happy and his was n't .
he had been playing happy families at the time and wondering why it was that the families [showed] on the cards should be so happy and his was n't .

The Pre-Raphaelites and their circle depicted jewellery in their paintings and also designed or purchased pieces to give to their relatives and friends .
the pre-raphaelites and their circle [showed] jewellery in their paintings and also designed or purchased pieces to give to their relatives and friends .

The arrangement of atoms , molecules or ions in a crystal can be depicted as a crystal lattice .
the arrangement of atoms , molecules or ions in a crystal can be [showed] as a crystal lattice .

Discover the turn-of-the-century lifestyle of a great country house , depicted by above and below stairs character figures in the furnished rooms .
discover the turn-of-the-century lifestyle of a great country house , [showed] by above and below stairs character figures in the furnished rooms .

At the same time he is depicted as a saint by the bishop of Tours , who may well have thought of him as a fellow victim of Merovingian politics .
at the same time he is [showed] as a saint by the bishop of tours , who may well have thought of him as a fellow victim of merovingian politics .

Such a figure was the perfect model for the everyman figure seeking the meaning of salvation for both individual and society that Langland depicted in the weary , wet-shod Will , so vibrantly aware of the gap between the final metaphysical realities of heaven and hell and the immediate beguiling preoccupations of the field full of folk , for whom hot pies seemed more sustaining than the bread of life .
such a figure was the perfect model for the everyman figure seeking the meaning of salvation for both individual and society that langland [showed] in the weary , wet-shod will , so vibrantly aware of the gap between the final metaphysical realities of heaven and hell and the immediate beguiling preoccupations of the field full of folk , for whom hot pies seemed more sustaining than the bread of life .

In the medieval maps of the known world ( Europe , Africa and Asia ) Jerusalem was depicted at its centre .
in the medieval maps of the known world ( europe , africa and asia ) jerusalem was [showed] at its centre .

The newer , more reliable tests which have been introduced since publication of the first edition are also described and depicted .
the newer , more reliable tests which have been introduced since publication of the first edition are also described and [showed] .

It has also been depicted in its formative period of development as the site of bitter industrial strife .
it has also been [showed] in its formative period of development as the site of bitter industrial strife .

Glasgow , where one-third of the population is of Roman Catholic and Irish extraction , has often been depicted as a mini-theatre of conflict .
glasgow , where one-third of the population is of roman catholic and irish extraction , has often been [showed] as a mini-theatre of conflict .

Secondly , the struggle between Keynes and ‘ orthodoxy ’ has been depicted too much as a battle of theory , not enough as a conflict between rival conceptions of the art and duty of government .
secondly , the struggle between keynes and ‘ orthodoxy ’ has been [showed] too much as a battle of theory , not enough as a conflict between rival conceptions of the art and duty of government .

As depicted in Fig.1.5 , however , it is possible for a small proportion of the flux to `` leak `` via unexcited stator teeth .
as [showed] in fig.1.5 , however , it is possible for a small proportion of the flux to `` leak `` via unexcited stator teeth .

and hardware.intensive interfaces ( or possibly attempting a compromise between the extremes depicted in Figs .
and hardware.intensive interfaces ( or possibly attempting a compromise between the extremes [showed] in figs .

Although the reform was thought to have eliminated the possibility of tax rates in excess of 100 % , it did not in fact prevent the situation depicted in Table 16.7 with rates of more than 100 % over quite long ranges at low levels of income .
although the reform was thought to have eliminated the possibility of tax rates in excess of 100 % , it did not in fact prevent the situation [showed] in table 16.7 with rates of more than 100 % over quite long ranges at low levels of income .

Life was too tame , while the world depicted by Oz and It was exciting .
life was too tame , while the world [showed] by oz and it was exciting .

Furthermore , our response to the image is coloured by what we know of the person depicted , whether they are relatives , friends , public personalities , or totally unknown .
furthermore , our response to the image is coloured by what we know of the person [showed] , whether they are relatives , friends , public personalities , or totally unknown .

This is what Gibble and Chu did for different densities of the cloud of cold atoms , and the results are depicted in Fig .
this is what gibble and chu did for different densities of the cloud of cold atoms , and the results are [showed] in fig .

The Jokers said much about Sixties London , still swinging but not at the pace depicted by the media .
the jokers said much about sixties london , still swinging but not at the pace [showed] by the media .

Only a small part of the side of the boat and rail are depicted and three blues show up again and again throughout the collection and seem to draw one 's attention to a detail otherwise missed .
only a small part of the side of the boat and rail are [showed] and three blues show up again and again throughout the collection and seem to draw one 's attention to a detail otherwise missed .

There were perfunctory indications of a face ; flowing hair , and the more carefully sketched genitals , showed that a female was depicted .
there were perfunctory indications of a face ; flowing hair , and the more carefully sketched genitals , showed that a female was [showed] .

The diagram depicted six extra ribs , thus greatly increasing the lung-cage .
the diagram [showed] six extra ribs , thus greatly increasing the lung-cage .

All through the service she refused to look at him , keeping her eyes rigidly ahead on the stained-glass window that depicted Christ resisting Satan 's temptations .
all through the service she refused to look at him , keeping her eyes rigidly ahead on the stained-glass window that [showed] christ resisting satan 's temptations .

The pornography of pregnancy — in which pregnant women are depicted as whores , huge bellies fetishized , cunts displayed for the camera — is the ultimate ‘ triumph of the phallus over the death-dealing vagina ’ 4 .
the pornography of pregnancy — in which pregnant women are [showed] as whores , huge bellies fetishized , cunts displayed for the camera — is the ultimate ‘ triumph of the phallus over the death-dealing vagina ’ 4 .

It depicted a castle in a fairy-tale — a sprawl of golden stone topped by a high , sloping roof , and embellished with turrets .
it [showed] a castle in a fairy-tale — a sprawl of golden stone topped by a high , sloping roof , and embellished with turrets .

It is clear in any case that the growing size of the middle class must change fundamentally the image of capitalist society as one in which class antagonisms are simplified , and ‘ society as a whole is more and more splitting up into two great hostile camps , into two great classes directly facing each other — bourgeoisie and proletariat ’ , which Marx and Engels depicted in the Communist Manifesto and which Marxists and other socialists generally accepted without much questioning until the early years of the twentieth century .
it is clear in any case that the growing size of the middle class must change fundamentally the image of capitalist society as one in which class antagonisms are simplified , and ‘ society as a whole is more and more splitting up into two great hostile camps , into two great classes directly facing each other — bourgeoisie and proletariat ’ , which marx and engels [showed] in the communist manifesto and which marxists and other socialists generally accepted without much questioning until the early years of the twentieth century .

In the situation we have just depicted , there is no majority voting equilibrium : there is no decision that can win a majority against all other options .
in the situation we have just [showed] , there is no majority voting equilibrium : there is no decision that can win a majority against all other options .

For an economy such as the one we have imagined in which there is imperfect information in the sense we have described , the relationship between aggregate supply and the general level of prices can be depicted as it is in figure 4.3 .
for an economy such as the one we have imagined in which there is imperfect information in the sense we have described , the relationship between aggregate supply and the general level of prices can be [showed] as it is in figure 4.3 .

He was led from the neutral entrance hall by a quiet , equally neutral young man , who might have been a civil servant , into a room in which the walls carried friezes that depicted the perversions which the brothel traded in .
he was led from the neutral entrance hall by a quiet , equally neutral young man , who might have been a civil servant , into a room in which the walls carried friezes that [showed] the perversions which the brothel traded in .

People were depicted in neat rows , engaged in activities which belied the formal expressions on their faces .
people were [showed] in neat rows , engaged in activities which belied the formal expressions on their faces .

Brooks emphasizes the internal contradictions of the poem : the fact that the urn is silent , but also speaks ; that it is motionless , yet the scenes depicted on it seem to be alive ; that unheard melodies are sweeter than those which one hears , and so on .
brooks emphasizes the internal contradictions of the poem : the fact that the urn is silent , but also speaks ; that it is motionless , yet the scenes [showed] on it seem to be alive ; that unheard melodies are sweeter than those which one hears , and so on .

She laughed at the one from Myra ; it depicted the Gemini star sign — twins , one laughing , one thoughtful .
she laughed at the one from myra ; it [showed] the gemini star sign — twins , one laughing , one thoughtful .

‘ They 're depicted as a Centaur , half-man , half-horse .
‘ they 're [showed] as a centaur , half-man , half-horse .

Are women and men shown in a variety of occupations , including non-traditional ones ? When women are portrayed as full-time home makers , are they depicted as competent and decisive ?
are women and men shown in a variety of occupations , including non-traditional ones ? when women are portrayed as full-time home makers , are they [showed] as competent and decisive ?

Firstly , how old is the pattern of fields which we see both in the landscape and depicted on the maps ?
firstly , how old is the pattern of fields which we see both in the landscape and [showed] on the maps ?

In other words , both kings are being depicted as kingly .
in other words , both kings are being [showed] as kingly .

Nine `` portraits `` of Charles the Bald are extant : five depicted in manuscripts ; one carved in ivory ; two cast in metal ; and finally a coin-image .
nine `` portraits `` of charles the bald are extant : five [showed] in manuscripts ; one carved in ivory ; two cast in metal ; and finally a coin-image .

Charles is depicted with a distinctive long , thin moustache ( not quite like his eldest brother 's ) , a long , heavy-jowled face , square chin and a large nose .
charles is [showed] with a distinctive long , thin moustache ( not quite like his eldest brother 's ) , a long , heavy-jowled face , square chin and a large nose .

The book 's ivory covers depicted , on the basis of Psalms 25 and 27 ( Vulgate 24 , 26 ) , a biography of David that implicitly was also Charles 's own — from secure childhood with the support of `` father and mother `` , through the assaults of `` wicked enemies `` with the support of `` the innocent and upright `` , to a secure sanctuary with Christ .
the book 's ivory covers [showed] , on the basis of psalms 25 and 27 ( vulgate 24 , 26 ) , a biography of david that implicitly was also charles 's own — from secure childhood with the support of `` father and mother `` , through the assaults of `` wicked enemies `` with the support of `` the innocent and upright `` , to a secure sanctuary with christ .

Charles 's personal copy of the psalter ( a manuscript designed for daily devotions ) also had ivory covers , showing the prophet Nathan 's rebuke of David for his liaison with Bathsheba ( Ps 51 , Vulg 50 ) and the protection of David 's soul ( Ps 57 , Vulg 56 ) depicted as a little child on the lap of a kindly angel .
charles 's personal copy of the psalter ( a manuscript designed for daily devotions ) also had ivory covers , showing the prophet nathan 's rebuke of david for his liaison with bathsheba ( ps 51 , vulg 50 ) and the protection of david 's soul ( ps 57 , vulg 56 ) [showed] as a little child on the lap of a kindly angel .

Having depicted the palace not just as a multitude of busy people and face-to-face relationships , but as an arrangement ( dispositio ) , an apparatus to be efficiently designed and maintained , Hincmar moves on to a second institution , the assembly .
having [showed] the palace not just as a multitude of busy people and face-to-face relationships , but as an arrangement ( dispositio ) , an apparatus to be efficiently designed and maintained , hincmar moves on to a second institution , the assembly .

The point is important , because much of the modern secondary literature on Charles the Bald 's reign , and on the Carolingians generally , has depicted the aristocracy as greedy and boorish , incapable of sharing the higher aspirations of kings or clergy , lacking any sense of public interest .
the point is important , because much of the modern secondary literature on charles the bald 's reign , and on the carolingians generally , has [showed] the aristocracy as greedy and boorish , incapable of sharing the higher aspirations of kings or clergy , lacking any sense of public interest .

Michael Wallace-Hadrill saw their epitome in the `` repulsively realistic … hairy nobleman `` depicted in a late eighth-century Frankish Sacramentary .
michael wallace-hadrill saw their epitome in the `` repulsively realistic … hairy nobleman `` [showed] in a late eighth-century frankish sacramentary .

Ermold depicted scenes of concord in 826 .
ermold [showed] scenes of concord in 826 .

An older historiographical tradition depicted Louis as an impulsive weakling , at the mercy of his overbearing wife .
an older historiographical tradition [showed] louis as an impulsive weakling , at the mercy of his overbearing wife .

According to the historian Eusebius , when the Emperor Constantine ( c. 280 – 337 ) became a Christian in the early fourth century , his triumph over the enemies of the Church , represented as a dragon , was depicted in a scene at the entrance to the imperial palace which showed him trampling upon the beast .
according to the historian eusebius , when the emperor constantine ( c. 280 – 337 ) became a christian in the early fourth century , his triumph over the enemies of the church , represented as a dragon , was [showed] in a scene at the entrance to the imperial palace which showed him trampling upon the beast .

On the contrary , the government initiated legal proceedings in late September against Manuel Cabieses , the director of the left-wing magazine Punto Final , for violating the Security Law by insulting the head of the army — the magazine having described Pinochet as `` shameless `` and `` sadistic `` and depicted him in a photomontage blowing his nose with the Chilean flag .
on the contrary , the government initiated legal proceedings in late september against manuel cabieses , the director of the left-wing magazine punto final , for violating the security law by insulting the head of the army — the magazine having described pinochet as `` shameless `` and `` sadistic `` and [showed] him in a photomontage blowing his nose with the chilean flag .

What had originated as a spontaneous civilian outburst now began to be depicted in the international media as a revolt by Iraq 's majority Shia community , most of whom lived in the southern part of the country .
what had originated as a spontaneous civilian outburst now began to be [showed] in the international media as a revolt by iraq 's majority shia community , most of whom lived in the southern part of the country .

The Court of Chancery had become a byword for administrative delay ( for example , Walsh v Lonsdale ( 1882 ) — see Chapter 4 , p. 85 ) , as famously depicted by Dickens .
the court of chancery had become a byword for administrative delay ( for example , walsh v lonsdale ( 1882 ) — see chapter 4 , p. 85 ) , as famously [showed] by dickens .

Throughout his long struggle with Giraud , de Gaulle depicted himself as the one who was in touch with the aspirations of the Resistance .
throughout his long struggle with giraud , de gaulle [showed] himself as the one who was in touch with the aspirations of the resistance .

De Gaulle was often depicted as a Don Quixote tilting at windmills or King Canute trying to turn back the waves , while the reality was that France was a middle-sized power with no prospect of returning to its Napoleonic glories .
de gaulle was often [showed] as a don quixote tilting at windmills or king canute trying to turn back the waves , while the reality was that france was a middle-sized power with no prospect of returning to its napoleonic glories .

In a perfectly competitive market system , with a fixed stock of capital , and no capital mobility the situation is as depicted in Figure 2.6 .
in a perfectly competitive market system , with a fixed stock of capital , and no capital mobility the situation is as [showed] in figure 2.6 .

Sentence ( 14 ) above can therefore be diagrammed in the following way : As for the presence of a before/after relation , the impression that comes through constantly with the use of to is that the infinitive event is depicted as a consequence or result of the action of helping .
sentence ( 14 ) above can therefore be diagrammed in the following way : as for the presence of a before/after relation , the impression that comes through constantly with the use of to is that the infinitive event is [showed] as a consequence or result of the action of helping .

The only difference is that whereas in the cases seen previously ( 59 ) — ( 84 ) , perception is represented as giving rise to true knowledge , in ( 85 ) — ( 87 ) above it is depicted as giving rise to a false impression .
the only difference is that whereas in the cases seen previously ( 59 ) — ( 84 ) , perception is represented as giving rise to true knowledge , in ( 85 ) — ( 87 ) above it is [showed] as giving rise to a false impression .

As would be expected , such a use would not be possible with make , since the law would appear to be actually bringing about the paying of taxes ( `` concurrent causation `` ) : ( 166 ) * The law makes everyone pay his taxes , With oblige , on the other hand , the tax law is depicted as simply imposing a state of obligation in the present , which leaves the future actualization of paying taxes up to each individual , who may or may not actually pay them .
as would be expected , such a use would not be possible with make , since the law would appear to be actually bringing about the paying of taxes ( `` concurrent causation `` ) : ( 166 ) * the law makes everyone pay his taxes , with oblige , on the other hand , the tax law is [showed] as simply imposing a state of obligation in the present , which leaves the future actualization of paying taxes up to each individual , who may or may not actually pay them .

This is seen in ( 182 ) in that anomalies and single events are depicted as one of the factors which explain why things are what they are , that is , as underlying conditions giving rise to a certain state of affairs ( and therefore corresponding to a notional `` before `` position ) .
this is seen in ( 182 ) in that anomalies and single events are [showed] as one of the factors which explain why things are what they are , that is , as underlying conditions giving rise to a certain state of affairs ( and therefore corresponding to a notional `` before `` position ) .

Here also the support of the infinitive is identified with that of the finite verb and so is depicted as having realized the action of struggling with the intention of performing the infinitive event .
here also the support of the infinitive is identified with that of the finite verb and so is [showed] as having realized the action of struggling with the intention of performing the infinitive event .

He depicted the life of enslaved mine workers in dark colours , and was altogether sensitive to the suffering of the humble ( as Professor Strasburger has reminded us in Journ .
he [showed] the life of enslaved mine workers in dark colours , and was altogether sensitive to the suffering of the humble ( as professor strasburger has reminded us in journ .

They depicted them — both in fact and in fiction — as priestly sages of the type the East was expected to produce .
they [showed] them — both in fact and in fiction — as priestly sages of the type the east was expected to produce .

This spirit is depicted in Laocoon 's face , and not in the face alone , in spite of the most violent sufferings .
this spirit is [showed] in laocoon 's face , and not in the face alone , in spite of the most violent sufferings .

In view of the terms in which he was later to express his enthusiasm for Wagner , it is interesting to note what it was that first seriously attracted him : nor the morbid metaphysical-flavoured world of romance , the hypnotic emotional intensity and musical `` modernity `` of Tristan , representing at the time , the high point of Wagner 's most distinctive line of development ; nor indeed the available parts of the similarly `` modern `` , but emotionally more robust , Ring ; rather , the musically `` reactionary `` Meistersinger that deferred to traditional expectations of harmony , tonality and musical organization and depicted through the medium of `` healthy `` comic opera the successful struggle of artistic genius against stifling Hanslickian convention .
in view of the terms in which he was later to express his enthusiasm for wagner , it is interesting to note what it was that first seriously attracted him : nor the morbid metaphysical-flavoured world of romance , the hypnotic emotional intensity and musical `` modernity `` of tristan , representing at the time , the high point of wagner 's most distinctive line of development ; nor indeed the available parts of the similarly `` modern `` , but emotionally more robust , ring ; rather , the musically `` reactionary `` meistersinger that deferred to traditional expectations of harmony , tonality and musical organization and [showed] through the medium of `` healthy `` comic opera the successful struggle of artistic genius against stifling hanslickian convention .

They state that all tunes in English should end in one of the ways depicted below .
they state that all tunes in english should end in one of the ways [showed] below .

They regarded themselves , however fallaciously , as light-skinned ; in their paintings they were invariably shown full face and almost white , whereas their enemies were always depicted in profile and black , unless they were Europeans .
they regarded themselves , however fallaciously , as light-skinned ; in their paintings they were invariably shown full face and almost white , whereas their enemies were always [showed] in profile and black , unless they were europeans .

Equations ( 5.7 ) and ( 5.8 ) may be depicted on a graph ( see Fig .
equations ( 5.7 ) and ( 5.8 ) may be [showed] on a graph ( see fig .

These propositions are depicted graphically in Fig .
these propositions are [showed] graphically in fig .

As an alternative to the two-dimensional representation depicted in Fig. 5.4 , we can construct a three-dimensional yield plane of coupon against yield to maturity against term to maturity ( see Fig. 5.5 ) .
as an alternative to the two-dimensional representation [showed] in fig. 5.4 , we can construct a three-dimensional yield plane of coupon against yield to maturity against term to maturity ( see fig. 5.5 ) .

‘ Now , if you look around you , up on the ceiling and on each of the arches in the nave , you will see depicted incidents from that appalling massacre .
‘ now , if you look around you , up on the ceiling and on each of the arches in the nave , you will see [showed] incidents from that appalling massacre .

Therefore , he was not the genius depicted by Goebbels , and had ‘ intentionally unleashed this world conflagration in order to be proclaimed as the great ‘ transformer of mankind ’ ’ .
therefore , he was not the genius [showed] by goebbels , and had ‘ intentionally unleashed this world conflagration in order to be proclaimed as the great ‘ transformer of mankind ’ ’ .

13 The lost Arch of Nero at Rome , depicted on coins minted at dome ( top ) and Lyon ( left ) ( the coins from Lyon can be distinguished by the small globe at the point of the emperor 's neck ) .
13 the lost arch of nero at rome , [showed] on coins minted at dome ( top ) and lyon ( left ) ( the coins from lyon can be distinguished by the small globe at the point of the emperor 's neck ) .

In a famous Victorian poem , the fly was depicted as a little man with ‘ rainbows on his wings , a black and brown gown laced around his waist ’ .
in a famous victorian poem , the fly was [showed] as a little man with ‘ rainbows on his wings , a black and brown gown laced around his waist ’ .

The drama depicted is something that once happened in front of the canvas — where the painter claimed to be nature !
the drama [showed] is something that once happened in front of the canvas — where the painter claimed to be nature !

The Kinokuni Children 's Village at Hikotani , near Osaka , admitted its first 90 students on Wednesday , just two days after Channel 4 screened the controversial documentary that depicted life at Summerhill as undisciplined and chaotic .
the kinokuni children 's village at hikotani , near osaka , admitted its first 90 students on wednesday , just two days after channel 4 screened the controversial documentary that [showed] life at summerhill as undisciplined and chaotic .

Far from Mr Atkins being considered the distant , unsympathetic figure depicted in the article , he has been a frequent visitor to the school over the past two years , giving support and advice to help us achieve our aims .
far from mr atkins being considered the distant , unsympathetic figure [showed] in the article , he has been a frequent visitor to the school over the past two years , giving support and advice to help us achieve our aims .

She is depicted as regal , beautiful , smart and successful .
she is [showed] as regal , beautiful , smart and successful .

The orang-utan , gorilla , and chimpanzee are usually depicted as arising from a stock separate from that leading to man .
the orang-utan , gorilla , and chimpanzee are usually [showed] as arising from a stock separate from that leading to man .

This does not have to involve buying the expensive outfits frequently depicted in such journals but absorbing the ideas about colour , style , make-up and so on .
this does not have to involve buying the expensive outfits frequently [showed] in such journals but absorbing the ideas about colour , style , make-up and so on .

But the utilitarian function of keeping church walls dry hardly accounts for the occasionally bizarre juxtaposition of the sacred and profane : Christ and the saints among the foully contorted and pagan fertility symbols , the Virgin Mary elbowed by giants ( usually depicted with both hands pulling back fierce lips ) .
but the utilitarian function of keeping church walls dry hardly accounts for the occasionally bizarre juxtaposition of the sacred and profane : christ and the saints among the foully contorted and pagan fertility symbols , the virgin mary elbowed by giants ( usually [showed] with both hands pulling back fierce lips ) .

The Dean and his pet labrador are both depicted wearing dog collars ; the bursar , with ears big enough to flap over to Christ Church , is seen tightly clenching two money bags .
the dean and his pet labrador are both [showed] wearing dog collars ; the bursar , with ears big enough to flap over to christ church , is seen tightly clenching two money bags .

Other animals were also depicted .
other animals were also [showed] .

Perhaps the undramatic cosiness so often depicted on the screen is only a symptom of an unproductive cosiness in British film production .
perhaps the undramatic cosiness so often [showed] on the screen is only a symptom of an unproductive cosiness in british film production .

They depicted British cinema as indifferent to art , lacking drive and sense of direction and , in their distaste for the commercial orientation of the system , failed to suggest any ways to reform it .
they [showed] british cinema as indifferent to art , lacking drive and sense of direction and , in their distaste for the commercial orientation of the system , failed to suggest any ways to reform it .

The quota legislation is generally depicted as a disastrous blow to the British film industry , dragging down its reputation and perpetuating the sort of mediocrity that previously characterized the output of Stoll and Ideal Studios .
the quota legislation is generally [showed] as a disastrous blow to the british film industry , dragging down its reputation and perpetuating the sort of mediocrity that previously characterized the output of stoll and ideal studios .

The domestic world which draws the suburban housewife away from the temptations of an illicit romance in Brief Encounter ( 1945 ) is quite as cosy as that depicted in an earlier collaboration between Lean and Noël Coward , This Happy Breed ( 1944 ) .
the domestic world which draws the suburban housewife away from the temptations of an illicit romance in brief encounter ( 1945 ) is quite as cosy as that [showed] in an earlier collaboration between lean and noël coward , this happy breed ( 1944 ) .

The causes , course and consequences of consumption are depicted by Greenaway with excessive physicality .
the causes , course and consequences of consumption are [showed] by greenaway with excessive physicality .

Paintings which describe the natural world are indeed easiest for the critic to describe , since any observer can compare an object seen with the same thing depicted .
paintings which describe the natural world are indeed easiest for the critic to describe , since any observer can compare an object seen with the same thing [showed] .

Oral sex , although mentioned in literature and depicted in art spanning millennia , has been thought of and described by many people as a perversion of sexual practice .
oral sex , although mentioned in literature and [showed] in art spanning millennia , has been thought of and described by many people as a perversion of sexual practice .

The sleeve of this precious little ditty depicted an impassioned Morrissey ( is there any other kind ? )
the sleeve of this precious little ditty [showed] an impassioned morrissey ( is there any other kind ? )

The tankard holding the glass depicted a Slavic swordsman defending a child and she held it tight as a keepsake .
the tankard holding the glass [showed] a slavic swordsman defending a child and she held it tight as a keepsake .

Horses have been favourite subjects for artists from time immemorial-how lovingly is the horse depicted in Rembrandt 's The Polish Rider-but the artist who paid equal attention to dancers and horses was Degas ; he understood the special elegance of the way in which they both moved .
horses have been favourite subjects for artists from time immemorial-how lovingly is the horse [showed] in rembrandt 's the polish rider-but the artist who paid equal attention to dancers and horses was degas ; he understood the special elegance of the way in which they both moved .

Great interest is shown in the activities and scenes depicted : the skill and panache with which cat 's cradle is demonstrated is commented on , the speed and technique of the weavers astounds , the making of crayfish pots and operation of eel weirs is studied intently .
great interest is shown in the activities and scenes [showed] : the skill and panache with which cat 's cradle is demonstrated is commented on , the speed and technique of the weavers astounds , the making of crayfish pots and operation of eel weirs is studied intently .

Speaking the day after Neil Kinnock depicted education and training as the commanding heights of every modern economy , Mr Straw insisted : ‘ We do not believe in the best for the few , but the best for all .
speaking the day after neil kinnock [showed] education and training as the commanding heights of every modern economy , mr straw insisted : ‘ we do not believe in the best for the few , but the best for all .

People know the evidence of their pockets and are unlikely to be easily persauded that Mrs Thatcher 's Britain has been , or has yet become , the economic disaster area which Mr Kinnock depicted .
people know the evidence of their pockets and are unlikely to be easily persauded that mrs thatcher 's britain has been , or has yet become , the economic disaster area which mr kinnock [showed] .

Frank Hampson 's brilliantly executed colour illustrations in the ‘ Dan Dare ’ strip of the Fifties and early Sixties often depicted futuristic buildings of the 1990s which bore a remarkable similarity to the Erskine block .
frank hampson 's brilliantly executed colour illustrations in the ‘ dan dare ’ strip of the fifties and early sixties often [showed] futuristic buildings of the 1990s which bore a remarkable similarity to the erskine block .

It should be stated that it is an electric , rather then magnetic , dipole that is depicted and that the quadrupole belongs to a nucleus rather than a molecule .
it should be stated that it is an electric , rather then magnetic , dipole that is [showed] and that the quadrupole belongs to a nucleus rather than a molecule .

Flowers , accurately depicted by his son , were described by John Bartram with a deep feeling for their beauty :
flowers , accurately [showed] by his son , were described by john bartram with a deep feeling for their beauty :

Wisteria frutescens , a climbing shrub known as the Carolina kidney bean tree and Ascryum hypericoides , St Peterswort , were both depicted , also Myrica cerifera , fully described in Catesby 's book , and Fraxinus caroliniana , seeds of which Miller had received from him in 1724 .
wisteria frutescens , a climbing shrub known as the carolina kidney bean tree and ascryum hypericoides , st peterswort , were both [showed] , also myrica cerifera , fully described in catesby 's book , and fraxinus caroliniana , seeds of which miller had received from him in 1724 .

The leader writer depicted the Minister of Education Florence Horsbrugh as having been ‘ hoist with her own petard ’ : if she had hoped that her Committee of Enquiry would recommend financial cuts she had been disappointed , for if anything the proposals made some increase in expenditure likely .
the leader writer [showed] the minister of education florence horsbrugh as having been ‘ hoist with her own petard ’ : if she had hoped that her committee of enquiry would recommend financial cuts she had been disappointed , for if anything the proposals made some increase in expenditure likely .

In the very severe winter of 1763 , the River Thames froze over and the scenes of that event are still depicted today on Christmas cards .
in the very severe winter of 1763 , the river thames froze over and the scenes of that event are still [showed] today on christmas cards .

While the first book depicted the conditions and the struggle by women in northern Ethiopia , the second is a detailed account of one woman 's fight against injustice in Tanzania .
while the first book [showed] the conditions and the struggle by women in northern ethiopia , the second is a detailed account of one woman 's fight against injustice in tanzania .

Fighting stags , goats , hares , horses and dogs are all depicted in the exhibition created from wire , which she twists and weaves into shape .
fighting stags , goats , hares , horses and dogs are all [showed] in the exhibition created from wire , which she twists and weaves into shape .

The benevolent influence of a family , such as that depicted in the first chapter of Tom Brown 's Schooldays , reached out to the tenants and other members of the local community ; the girls from the cottages came into the big house as dairy or nursery-maids ; the boys were taken on as under-gardeners or grooms .
the benevolent influence of a family , such as that [showed] in the first chapter of tom brown 's schooldays , reached out to the tenants and other members of the local community ; the girls from the cottages came into the big house as dairy or nursery-maids ; the boys were taken on as under-gardeners or grooms .

Woman , whether as wife , mother or mistress or ‘ fallen woman ’ , is depicted as victim of man .
woman , whether as wife , mother or mistress or ‘ fallen woman ’ , is [showed] as victim of man .

Biblical criticism had undermined the Bible story , and physicists and geologists chipped away at the events depicted in the first book of Genesis .
biblical criticism had undermined the bible story , and physicists and geologists chipped away at the events [showed] in the first book of genesis .

’ The old sadness of the pagan world , so poignantly depicted in the early chapters of Walter Pater 's Marius the Epicurean , had returned .
’ the old sadness of the pagan world , so poignantly [showed] in the early chapters of walter pater 's marius the epicurean , had returned .

The death-bed thus prefigured the decisive struggle for possession of the soul , which would take place on Judgement Day and which had been so vividly depicted in mediaeval murals and missals .
the death-bed thus prefigured the decisive struggle for possession of the soul , which would take place on judgement day and which had been so vividly [showed] in mediaeval murals and missals .

Little Emily Napier died in March 1867 ; her mother an accomplished water-colorist , depicted the child on her death-bed , her small head encircled with leaves and berries .
little emily napier died in march 1867 ; her mother an accomplished water-colorist , [showed] the child on her death-bed , her small head encircled with leaves and berries .

Then indeed man was , as Hardy depicted him , the mere plaything of fate ; life was a black comedy ; perhaps Oscar Wilde was right to regard the aspirations of Little Nell as only good for a laugh .
then indeed man was , as hardy [showed] him , the mere plaything of fate ; life was a black comedy ; perhaps oscar wilde was right to regard the aspirations of little nell as only good for a laugh .

For example , contracts survive to pay for the regular cleaning of the bronzes in Roman temples and where statues are depicted as part of landscapes or street scenes on contemporary wall paintings they are always shown as bronze-coloured , never patinated ( plate 8.1 ) .
for example , contracts survive to pay for the regular cleaning of the bronzes in roman temples and where statues are [showed] as part of landscapes or street scenes on contemporary wall paintings they are always shown as bronze-coloured , never patinated ( plate 8.1 ) .

In the idiom of mythology , when the Goddess is actively destructive She is depicted alone , whereas when She is the nurturing cosmic mother and the embodiment of God 's benign grace , She is represented as the spouse of a dominant male god , Shiva or Vishnu .
in the idiom of mythology , when the goddess is actively destructive she is [showed] alone , whereas when she is the nurturing cosmic mother and the embodiment of god 's benign grace , she is represented as the spouse of a dominant male god , shiva or vishnu .

On the other hand Uma or Parvati , the Goddess seen as the cosmic mother , is always depicted together with Her consort the cosmic god Shiva .
on the other hand uma or parvati , the goddess seen as the cosmic mother , is always [showed] together with her consort the cosmic god shiva .

Lakshmi is usually depicted as the consort of the god Vishnu .
lakshmi is usually [showed] as the consort of the god vishnu .

The experience of the early Christians depicted in Acts was without doubt an experience of release , as they came to abandon practices which they found restrictive , and which had been encapsulated in laws which served to keep the Jews apart from the rest of the nations .
the experience of the early christians [showed] in acts was without doubt an experience of release , as they came to abandon practices which they found restrictive , and which had been encapsulated in laws which served to keep the jews apart from the rest of the nations .

In Rulfo 's Pedro Páramo , likewise , the frustration that embitters the eponymous protagonist 's life and the dashing of illusions that is the pattern of existence as depicted in the novel , are symbolized by an episode in which young Pedro and his lover climb a hill and fly a kite in the shape of a bird , only to see the string break and the kite fall back to earth , and the novel as a whole is punctuated by recurrent images of rising and falling which reiterate the central theme of the thwarting of human hopes and aspirations .
in rulfo 's pedro páramo , likewise , the frustration that embitters the eponymous protagonist 's life and the dashing of illusions that is the pattern of existence as [showed] in the novel , are symbolized by an episode in which young pedro and his lover climb a hill and fly a kite in the shape of a bird , only to see the string break and the kite fall back to earth , and the novel as a whole is punctuated by recurrent images of rising and falling which reiterate the central theme of the thwarting of human hopes and aspirations .

While parents and local burgermasters were complaining about Elvis ' swirling hip movements , the jiving in the aisles at Bill Haley concerts , the sexual implications of Chuck Berry 's movements and increasing violence in the American classroom as depicted more responsibly in Blackboard Jungle , the Corman film went straight for sensationalism with advertising which read ‘ From Teen Rebel to Mad Dog Killer .
while parents and local burgermasters were complaining about elvis ' swirling hip movements , the jiving in the aisles at bill haley concerts , the sexual implications of chuck berry 's movements and increasing violence in the american classroom as [showed] more responsibly in blackboard jungle , the corman film went straight for sensationalism with advertising which read ‘ from teen rebel to mad dog killer .

Time magazine , as always reflecting the indoctrines of the Luce family and assuming the mantle of the responsible voice of America , recorded that : ‘ it was a scene as grisly as anything depicted in Polanski 's film explorations of the dark and melancholy corners of human character … and the most likely theory is that the slayings were related to narcotics .
time magazine , as always reflecting the indoctrines of the luce family and assuming the mantle of the responsible voice of america , recorded that : ‘ it was a scene as grisly as anything [showed] in polanski 's film explorations of the dark and melancholy corners of human character … and the most likely theory is that the slayings were related to narcotics .

Some treated Charles Manson as a hero , and the underground newspaper , the Los Angeles Free Press allowed Manson to write a column for them while he was in jail ; another , called Tuesday 's Child depicted him on a cross .
some treated charles manson as a hero , and the underground newspaper , the los angeles free press allowed manson to write a column for them while he was in jail ; another , called tuesday 's child [showed] him on a cross .

Using stimuli of the sort depicted in Fig .
using stimuli of the sort [showed] in fig .

This can be fairly easy to achieve because a brief study of ancient Egyptian friezes shows exactly how to adapt the movements depicted to the turned-out legs of classical dance .
this can be fairly easy to achieve because a brief study of ancient egyptian friezes shows exactly how to adapt the movements [showed] to the turned-out legs of classical dance .

The forms depicted by Nijinska are far from meaningless .
the forms [showed] by nijinska are far from meaningless .

The water cycle is often depicted as a simple system of circulation that takes water from the sea as vapour , deposits it on land as rain or snow and returns it quickly to the sea by way of rivers .
the water cycle is often [showed] as a simple system of circulation that takes water from the sea as vapour , deposits it on land as rain or snow and returns it quickly to the sea by way of rivers .

Such a play on emotions could of course be depicted in different ways .
such a play on emotions could of course be [showed] in different ways .

Firstly , it depicted the life of a mentally handicapped person as being unrewarding , unstimulating and confined .
firstly , it [showed] the life of a mentally handicapped person as being unrewarding , unstimulating and confined .

Thirdly , it depicted a mental hospital as containing mentally handicapped adults who were sexually perverse or completely unable to look after themselves ; suggesting that this was typical of most mentally handicapped people .
thirdly , it [showed] a mental hospital as containing mentally handicapped adults who were sexually perverse or completely unable to look after themselves ; suggesting that this was typical of most mentally handicapped people .

Just as its perspective gathers all that is extended to render it to the individual eye , so its means of representation render all that is depicted into the hands of the individual owner-spectator .
just as its perspective gathers all that is extended to render it to the individual eye , so its means of representation render all that is [showed] into the hands of the individual owner-spectator .

What was depicted as a struggle between a national proletariat and peasantry , and a national bourgeoisie , was in fact a struggle between the Russian Bolsheviks on the one hand , and Russian and foreign anti-Bolsheviks on the other hand , for the controlling influence over the territory concerned .
what was [showed] as a struggle between a national proletariat and peasantry , and a national bourgeoisie , was in fact a struggle between the russian bolsheviks on the one hand , and russian and foreign anti-bolsheviks on the other hand , for the controlling influence over the territory concerned .

Barbarossa 's second wife , the Empress Beatrice , depicted on a coin of the period .
barbarossa 's second wife , the empress beatrice , [showed] on a coin of the period .

In a chamber of the palace of Winchester , a fresco depicted an eagle being attacked by its fledglings .
in a chamber of the palace of winchester , a fresco [showed] an eagle being attacked by its fledglings .

Geoffrey Plantagenet , Count of Anjou , as depicted in his tomb effigy .
geoffrey plantagenet , count of anjou , as [showed] in his tomb effigy .

We take chain mail very much for granted , seeing it depicted in paintings of the time , or in recent cinematic extravaganzas .
we take chain mail very much for granted , seeing it [showed] in paintings of the time , or in recent cinematic extravaganzas .

Thus Richard himself is depicted on his Great Seal with a lion passant on the side of his helm , topped by a fan-shaped ornament .
thus richard himself is [showed] on his great seal with a lion passant on the side of his helm , topped by a fan-shaped ornament .

Many of those who rode along the line from Stockton to Darlington on that day ‘ did not the night before sleep a wink … The happy faces of many , the vacant stare of astonishment of others , and the alarm depicted on the countenance of some , gave variety to the picture ’ , was the scene set by an onlooker .
many of those who rode along the line from stockton to darlington on that day ‘ did not the night before sleep a wink … the happy faces of many , the vacant stare of astonishment of others , and the alarm [showed] on the countenance of some , gave variety to the picture ’ , was the scene set by an onlooker .

In the story of the Fall in the third chapter of Genesis the destroyer of Man 's primeval innocence is also depicted as a serpent .
in the story of the fall in the third chapter of genesis the destroyer of man 's primeval innocence is also [showed] as a serpent .

In some representations , in the Book of the Dead , the phoenix is depicted as arising from him .
in some representations , in the book of the dead , the phoenix is [showed] as arising from him .

The phoenix is also sometimes depicted in Mithraic contexts .
the phoenix is also sometimes [showed] in mithraic contexts .

Incidentally , it was not until the end of the fifteenth century that the sand-glass was depicted as the attribute of Father Time .
incidentally , it was not until the end of the fifteenth century that the sand-glass was [showed] as the attribute of father time .

But when it turns to obscenity , their report contrasts the cruelty or violence depicted in Goya 's Disasters of War or King Lear , which appeal ‘ to our shared humanity ’ , with depictions of a more prurient kind which ‘ invite us to collude in degrading it ’ .
but when it turns to obscenity , their report contrasts the cruelty or violence [showed] in goya 's disasters of war or king lear , which appeal ‘ to our shared humanity ’ , with depictions of a more prurient kind which ‘ invite us to collude in degrading it ’ .

American cinemas show films celebrating rape , which can be judged obscene only if the act is depicted or described in a ‘ patently offensive way ’ .
american cinemas show films celebrating rape , which can be judged obscene only if the act is [showed] or described in a ‘ patently offensive way ’ .

It has been said in defence of such publications that those who allow themselves to be depicted indecently are thereby ‘ waiving their own privacy rather than impeding or intruding upon that of others ’ .
it has been said in defence of such publications that those who allow themselves to be [showed] indecently are thereby ‘ waiving their own privacy rather than impeding or intruding upon that of others ’ .

Among the figures depicted are Winston Churchill , Franklin Delano Roosevelt , John Cabot , the Pilgrim Fathers , Thomas Hooker , William Penn and Abraham Lincoln .
among the figures [showed] are winston churchill , franklin delano roosevelt , john cabot , the pilgrim fathers , thomas hooker , william penn and abraham lincoln .

Households are depicted as the owners of all the factors of production whose services they sell to firms in exchange for income ( wages and salaries for labour services , interest and profits for capital services and rent for land services ) .
households are [showed] as the owners of all the factors of production whose services they sell to firms in exchange for income ( wages and salaries for labour services , interest and profits for capital services and rent for land services ) .

( Written when the Times ( on Saturday , 20 August 1983 , p. 2 ) depicted a 1923 20 h.p. ( body 1910 ) vintage Rolls Landaulette built for Lord Lonsdale by Hamshaw of Leicester , but spelt it ‘ Launderette ’ )
( written when the times ( on saturday , 20 august 1983 , p. 2 ) [showed] a 1923 20 h.p. ( body 1910 ) vintage rolls landaulette built for lord lonsdale by hamshaw of leicester , but spelt it ‘ launderette ’ )

Older people will be seen to be contributors to the prosperity of others , rather than a drain on national resources , as they are now often , wrongly , depicted .
older people will be seen to be contributors to the prosperity of others , rather than a drain on national resources , as they are now often , wrongly , [showed] .

Roman style , in quite the … as depicted formerly at Covent Garden Theatre ,
roman style , in quite the … as [showed] formerly at covent garden theatre ,

In all of the ancient agrarian civilisations , the original spirits of nature were depicted in increasingly ruthless , capricious and anthropomorphic terms .
in all of the ancient agrarian civilisations , the original spirits of nature were [showed] in increasingly ruthless , capricious and anthropomorphic terms .

Data depicted here are freely adapted from Kantsler et al .
data [showed] here are freely adapted from kantsler et al .

Called ‘ My Boy ’ , it depicted a mother bidding farewell to a pampered looking son as he went back to prep .
called ‘ my boy ’ , it [showed] a mother bidding farewell to a pampered looking son as he went back to prep .

In most fossil deposits , the later stages of modification depicted in Fig .
in most fossil deposits , the later stages of modification [showed] in fig .

First , different description types ( noun/name ) may suggest that the individuals depicted in the descriptions concerned are to be contrasted .
first , different description types ( noun/name ) may suggest that the individuals [showed] in the descriptions concerned are to be contrasted .

Other positions depicted show rear entry and sex with both partners standing up .
other positions [showed] show rear entry and sex with both partners standing up .

By the Royal School of Needlework , here are depicted events from the Battle of Hastings to modern times .
by the royal school of needlework , here are [showed] events from the battle of hastings to modern times .

St Hilda 's depicted the changing of the water into wine at the wedding feast , with costumes , scenery and audience participation — spectators were surprised to be handed paper cups holding the ‘ miraculous ’ wine .
st hilda 's [showed] the changing of the water into wine at the wedding feast , with costumes , scenery and audience participation — spectators were surprised to be handed paper cups holding the ‘ miraculous ’ wine .

Standing in the pub doorway out of the wind striking her third match , the goddess of beer depicted in glowing-coloured tiles on either side of her , massive arms holding up sheaves of grain .
standing in the pub doorway out of the wind striking her third match , the goddess of beer [showed] in glowing-coloured tiles on either side of her , massive arms holding up sheaves of grain .

He re-enacts the infant-breast scenarios depicted to him , à la ed Melanie Klein , by Hanna Segal .
he re-enacts the infant-breast scenarios [showed] to him , à la ed melanie klein , by hanna segal .

We can also infer from the trends depicted in Figure 2 that gusts did not unduly affect the rotor ship 's dynamic stability .
we can also infer from the trends [showed] in figure 2 that gusts did not unduly affect the rotor ship 's dynamic stability .

McMahon and Greene first considered the effect of running surfaces using a mathematical model which depicted a runner 's legs as a rack and-pinion element linked to a spring and shock absorber .
mcmahon and greene first considered the effect of running surfaces using a mathematical model which [showed] a runner 's legs as a rack and-pinion element linked to a spring and shock absorber .

There is another function of playing dead that has been depicted for centuries but which , until recently , was thought to be no more than a fictitious folk-tale .
there is another function of playing dead that has been [showed] for centuries but which , until recently , was thought to be no more than a fictitious folk-tale .

This is the difference between seeing growth as depicted by a statistical average on an ascending curve , or as a trend line indicating upwards motion and growth but which includes decline and ascent combined .
this is the difference between seeing growth as [showed] by a statistical average on an ascending curve , or as a trend line indicating upwards motion and growth but which includes decline and ascent combined .

What about the sweatshops of Korea , or the rich Kuwaiti women who buy merely for their own pleasure and hide their couture gowns under their abayas because they are not allowed to display themselves … it 's a far cry from the fashion world as it is usually depicted , it could make fascinating copy .
what about the sweatshops of korea , or the rich kuwaiti women who buy merely for their own pleasure and hide their couture gowns under their abayas because they are not allowed to display themselves … it 's a far cry from the fashion world as it is usually [showed] , it could make fascinating copy .

After the Battle of Waterloo Howe visited the battlefield and on his return produced a panorama covering many feet of canvas which depicted incidents in the fight .
after the battle of waterloo howe visited the battlefield and on his return produced a panorama covering many feet of canvas which [showed] incidents in the fight .

Are there any legal or ethical problems arising from the depicted scene ?
are there any legal or ethical problems arising from the [showed] scene ?

This guided walk , led by Ivan Hall , will include the carvings of the Minster and many of the musical instruments depicted .
this guided walk , led by ivan hall , will include the carvings of the minster and many of the musical instruments [showed] .

Interspersed with the life size scenes , find fascinating scale models of yet more interiors depicted in amazing detail .
interspersed with the life size scenes , find fascinating scale models of yet more interiors [showed] in amazing detail .

The style of helm and the direction in which it faces , whether it is open or closed , are all important pointers to the status of the person whose armorial bearings are being depicted .
the style of helm and the direction in which it faces , whether it is open or closed , are all important pointers to the status of the person whose armorial bearings are being [showed] .

‘ Supporters ’ are figures — beasts , birds , mythical creatures and humans — depicted on either side of the shield in a coat of arms .
‘ supporters ’ are figures — beasts , birds , mythical creatures and humans — [showed] on either side of the shield in a coat of arms .

The objects ( or designs ) depicted on shields — the charges — can be anything the armiger wishes and the granting kings of arms deem fit .
the objects ( or designs ) [showed] on shields — the charges — can be anything the armiger wishes and the granting kings of arms deem fit .

This procedure is depicted above for the first three values of the repeated median smooth , shown in full in figure 9.9 : Thus 47 is the value to be smoothed , the skip mean 43.5 is the mean of 40 and 47 and the smoothed value 45.2 is the rounded mean of 47 and 43.5 .
this procedure is [showed] above for the first three values of the repeated median smooth , shown in full in figure 9.9 : thus 47 is the value to be smoothed , the skip mean 43.5 is the mean of 40 and 47 and the smoothed value 45.2 is the rounded mean of 47 and 43.5 .

As we learned in chapter 8 , these results could be depicted in a causal path diagram as shown below .
as we learned in chapter 8 , these results could be [showed] in a causal path diagram as shown below .

However , Karan and Iijima ( 1985 ) have suggested a tripartite subdivision of the region which is depicted in Fig .
however , karan and iijima ( 1985 ) have suggested a tripartite subdivision of the region which is [showed] in fig .

Thus , for week 1 , there is a 90 percent probability that demand will be between two units and -seventeen units , exactly as depicted in Figure 6.1 .
thus , for week 1 , there is a 90 percent probability that demand will be between two units and -seventeen units , exactly as [showed] in figure 6.1 .

The world of buildings depicted in books and magazines is a scaleless , self-sufficient place .
the world of buildings [showed] in books and magazines is a scaleless , self-sufficient place .

The word became more nationally known in 1959 with the publication of the novel Pocho by Jose Antonio Villarreal , which depicted the coming-of-age of a Chicano growing up in the Santa Clara Valley of California during the 1940s .
the word became more nationally known in 1959 with the publication of the novel pocho by jose antonio villarreal , which [showed] the coming-of-age of a chicano growing up in the santa clara valley of california during the 1940s .

The bracero experience has been written about in novels and depicted in numerous movies , and although the image presented is often a negative one , like other Chicano folk heroes the bracero has become an archetype of the culture .
the bracero experience has been written about in novels and [showed] in numerous movies , and although the image presented is often a negative one , like other chicano folk heroes the bracero has become an archetype of the culture .

The performance of rancheras is always dramatic and emotional , whether performed by men or women , and the audience can always empathize with the situations depicted in the verses .
the performance of rancheras is always dramatic and emotional , whether performed by men or women , and the audience can always empathize with the situations [showed] in the verses .

Raids by la migra are commonplace and have been depicted in films , novels , jokes , and verbal narratives for many years .
raids by la migra are commonplace and have been [showed] in films , novels , jokes , and verbal narratives for many years .

Joaquín Murrieta ’ s life has been depicted in novels , stories , newspaper serials , and movies .
joaquín murrieta ’ s life has been [showed] in novels , stories , newspaper serials , and movies .

Calaveras are depicted dancing , drinking in cantinas ( bars ) , crowding and falling out of buses , and playing instruments in musical groups .
calaveras are [showed] dancing , drinking in cantinas ( bars ) , crowding and falling out of buses , and playing instruments in musical groups .

Glimpses of customs , games , dances , theater , and other traditions can be found in the writings of early western travelers , although these were often depicted prejudicially and with a lack of historical context .
glimpses of customs , games , dances , theater , and other traditions can be found in the writings of early western travelers , although these were often [showed] prejudicially and with a lack of historical context .

A not-so-typical Chicano wedding from southern California in the 1950s is depicted in the novel The Wedding by Mary Helen Ponce .
a not-so-typical chicano wedding from southern california in the 1950s is [showed] in the novel the wedding by mary helen ponce .

Bartolomé Murillo ( 1617–1682 ) , Spain ’ s most popular religious artist of his time , depicted revered Biblical personalities at ease .
bartolomé murillo ( 1617–1682 ) , spain ’ s most popular religious artist of his time , [showed] revered biblical personalities at ease .

The Bob Marley Mausoleum lies in a small church with other symbols of Rastafarian faith , including a photograph of Haile Selassie ( their spiritual leader ) and the lion of Judah depicted on a stained glass window .
the bob marley mausoleum lies in a small church with other symbols of rastafarian faith , including a photograph of haile selassie ( their spiritual leader ) and the lion of judah [showed] on a stained glass window .

On the left you will find a bronze statue of David Hume , depicted in calm , thoughtful pose .
on the left you will find a bronze statue of david hume , [showed] in calm , thoughtful pose .

A small temple to Hathor sitting to the left of the colonnade has columns carved with the cow ’ s head that depicted her .
a small temple to hathor sitting to the left of the colonnade has columns carved with the cow ’ s head that [showed] her .

Carvings on the columns show Ramses ( ­in the form of Osiris ) making offerings to the gods , but around the walls he is seen smitinghis foes duringbattles in Syria and is depicted as returning in triumph with hundreds of Hittite prisoners .
carvings on the columns show ramses ( ­in the form of osiris ) making offerings to the gods , but around the walls he is seen smitinghis foes duringbattles in syria and is [showed] as returning in triumph with hundreds of hittite prisoners .

In the center is Amida Nyorai , the Buddha who leads believers to Paradise ; on the right is Senju ( “ Thousand-Armed ” ) Kannon , the goddess of mercy ; on the left is Bato-Kannon , depicted with a horse ’ s head on its forehead , regarded as the protector of animals .
in the center is amida nyorai , the buddha who leads believers to paradise ; on the right is senju ( “ thousand-armed ” ) kannon , the goddess of mercy ; on the left is bato-kannon , [showed] with a horse ’ s head on its forehead , regarded as the protector of animals .

The lives of saints Lawrence and Stephen are depicted in delicately subdued pinks and blues .
the lives of saints lawrence and stephen are [showed] in delicately subdued pinks and blues .

The “ mysteries ” are those depicted in a vast fresco of a young woman ’ s initiation into the cult of Dionysius of Greek origin .
the “ mysteries ” are those [showed] in a vast fresco of a young woman ’ s initiation into the cult of dionysius of greek origin .

The themes depicted on the capitals are from the Bible and the legends of the saints .
the themes [showed] on the capitals are from the bible and the legends of the saints .

Close by the bridge is the Musée Courbet , in his childhood home , with the old walking stick depicted in his famous painting Bonjour Monsieur Courbet .
close by the bridge is the musée courbet , in his childhood home , with the old walking stick [showed] in his famous painting bonjour monsieur courbet .

These and the climactic Battle of Hastings are depicted with all the exciting action and violence of a modern adventure film , with a cast of 626 char­ac­ters , 202 horses , 55 dogs , and 505 other animals .
these and the climactic battle of hastings are [showed] with all the exciting action and violence of a modern adventure film , with a cast of 626 char­ac­ters , 202 horses , 55 dogs , and 505 other animals .

He is depicted as a winged figure , head below and two feet above .
he is [showed] as a winged figure , head below and two feet above .

The Buddha depicted here is guarded by two magnificent lions at his feet , and the Buddha ’ s head is a Qing Dynasty replacement for the original .
the buddha [showed] here is guarded by two magnificent lions at his feet , and the buddha ’ s head is a qing dynasty replacement for the original .

Jewish life and culture are depicted through art and artifacts .
jewish life and culture are [showed] through art and artifacts .

Within these granite walls , João I married his English bride , Philippa of Lancaster , in 1387 ( the scene is depicted in azulejos in São Bento railway station ) , thus sealing the ancient alliance between Portugal and England — an alliance with particular strength in Porto due to the overwhelming English involvement in the port wine trade .
within these granite walls , joão i married his english bride , philippa of lancaster , in 1387 ( the scene is [showed] in azulejos in são bento railway station ) , thus sealing the ancient alliance between portugal and england — an alliance with particular strength in porto due to the overwhelming english involvement in the port wine trade .

The Old Testament figures of Moses and Aaron were found depicted on gable stones in the original building and were set into the wall of the new edifice .
the old testament figures of moses and aaron were found [showed] on gable stones in the original building and were set into the wall of the new edifice .

As Krishna , he is usually depicted with a blue face , an after-effect of swallowing a poison that threatened the world , and is often represented playing a flute or sporting with the milkmaids he seduced .
as krishna , he is usually [showed] with a blue face , an after-effect of swallowing a poison that threatened the world , and is often represented playing a flute or sporting with the milkmaids he seduced .

Imagine Minoans at play here as depicted on the pottery and frescoes in the Archaeological Museum in Iráklion — acrobats and dancers as well as the famed bull leapers .
imagine minoans at play here as [showed] on the pottery and frescoes in the archaeological museum in iráklion — acrobats and dancers as well as the famed bull leapers .

Two versions of a physician/patient interaction are depicted : one that is likely to be unsuccessful , and one that is likely to be successful .
two versions of a physician/patient interaction are [showed] : one that is likely to be unsuccessful , and one that is likely to be successful .

As depicted in the figure , the control environment surrounds and reinforces the other components , but all components work in concert toward a central objective , which , in this case , is managing improper payments .
as [showed] in the figure , the control environment surrounds and reinforces the other components , but all components work in concert toward a central objective , which , in this case , is managing improper payments .

For information security , as with other types of internal controls , these views and requirements generally flow directly from risk considerations , as illustrated in the management cycle depicted above .
for information security , as with other types of internal controls , these views and requirements generally flow directly from risk considerations , as illustrated in the management cycle [showed] above .

A recognized item is depicted in both words and numbers , with the amount included in the statement totals .
a recognized item is [showed] in both words and numbers , with the amount included in the statement totals .

For information security , as with other types of internal controls , these views and requirements generally flow directly from risk considerations , as illustrated in the management cycle depicted above .
for information security , as with other types of internal controls , these views and requirements generally flow directly from risk considerations , as illustrated in the management cycle [showed] above .

The classical concentration-response relationship is depicted as a sigmoidal shaped curve , however , the particular shape of the concentration-response curve may differ for each coupled toxicant and response pair .
the classical concentration-response relationship is [showed] as a sigmoidal shaped curve , however , the particular shape of the concentration-response curve may differ for each coupled toxicant and response pair .

The classical concentration-response relationship is depicted as a sigmoidal shaped curve , however , the particular shape of the concentration-response curve may differ for each coupled toxicant and response pair .
the classical concentration-response relationship is [showed] as a sigmoidal shaped curve , however , the particular shape of the concentration-response curve may differ for each coupled toxicant and response pair .

As depicted in Exhibit 1 , we have used two approaches to provide benefits in health and environmental effects and in monetary terms .
as [showed] in exhibit 1 , we have used two approaches to provide benefits in health and environmental effects and in monetary terms .

The two sets of estimates depicted in this table reflect alternative assumptions and analytical approaches regarding quantifying and evaluating the effects of airborne particles on public health .
the two sets of estimates [showed] in this table reflect alternative assumptions and analytical approaches regarding quantifying and evaluating the effects of airborne particles on public health .

It did state that the terrorist danger depicted in 1995 would persist .
it did state that the terrorist danger [showed] in 1995 would persist .

The famous are depicted in ways designed to reinforce our warmest feelings about them .
the famous are [showed] in ways designed to reinforce our warmest feelings about them .

It 's a virtuoso shootout , a riot of angles -- the villains depicted in whispers , scudding shadows , flashes of body parts .
it 's a virtuoso shootout , a riot of angles -- the villains [showed] in whispers , scudding shadows , flashes of body parts .

When she finds her tongue and protests the injustices of literature , in which `` clever '' girls are always depicted as superior to merely `` good '' ones , she 's pathetically unconvincing .
when she finds her tongue and protests the injustices of literature , in which `` clever '' girls are always [showed] as superior to merely `` good '' ones , she 's pathetically unconvincing .

An AP story inside the WP reports that the Caldor department store chain has apologized for unwittingly publishing 11 million copies of an advertising circular in which two smiling boys are depicted playing Scrabble around a game board where the pieces clearly spell out the word `` RAPE . ''
an ap story inside the wp reports that the caldor department store chain has apologized for unwittingly publishing 11 million copies of an advertising circular in which two smiling boys are [showed] playing scrabble around a game board where the pieces clearly spell out the word `` rape . ''

The Rome paper La Repubblica focused , in an editorial Thursday , on the power of Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan , whom it depicted as being , like Hillary Clinton , a second `` surrogate president . ''
the rome paper la repubblica focused , in an editorial thursday , on the power of federal reserve board chairman alan greenspan , whom it [showed] as being , like hillary clinton , a second `` surrogate president . ''

There 's nothing romantic about the criminal violence depicted in the Godfather movies or the way the blood seems to drain out of Pacino 's character over the course of the epic .
there 's nothing romantic about the criminal violence [showed] in the godfather movies or the way the blood seems to drain out of pacino 's character over the course of the epic .

The woman depicted as in need of the Rules is a voracious doormat , the sort of woman who sends men Hallmark greeting cards or long letters after a single date , who rummages in men 's drawers and pockets , suggests couples therapy when brief relationships start to crumble , throws away a new boyfriend 's old clothes , cleans ( and redecorates ) his apartment without asking , and refuses to see the most obvious signs of disengagement .
the woman [showed] as in need of the rules is a voracious doormat , the sort of woman who sends men hallmark greeting cards or long letters after a single date , who rummages in men 's drawers and pockets , suggests couples therapy when brief relationships start to crumble , throws away a new boyfriend 's old clothes , cleans ( and redecorates ) his apartment without asking , and refuses to see the most obvious signs of disengagement .

Although the Rules Girl is anything but Everywoman , the world depicted in the book is unfortunately the one in which millions of single men and women live : a corporatized and highly competitive world of office jobs and aerobics classes , personal ads , nose jobs and diets , singles dances , self-help seminars , and spiritual fads .
although the rules girl is anything but everywoman , the world [showed] in the book is unfortunately the one in which millions of single men and women live : a corporatized and highly competitive world of office jobs and aerobics classes , personal ads , nose jobs and diets , singles dances , self-help seminars , and spiritual fads .

JoAnn Brandon , Brandon 's mother ( not depicted in the movie ) , asserted on Geraldo that `` Teena '' told her that `` she thought Lana had set her up for the rape . ''
joann brandon , brandon 's mother ( not [showed] in the movie ) , asserted on geraldo that `` teena '' told her that `` she thought lana had set her up for the rape . ''

As a matter of fact , his eerie self-possession is depicted as a tragic dislocation from life itself , a pitiable response to his father 's brutality .
as a matter of fact , his eerie self-possession is [showed] as a tragic dislocation from life itself , a pitiable response to his father 's brutality .

HIAA officials depicted doctors as a cartel , accusing them of pursuing `` collusion '' and `` price fixing . ''
hiaa officials [showed] doctors as a cartel , accusing them of pursuing `` collusion '' and `` price fixing . ''

For months , the media have depicted Gore as stiff , imperial , and out of touch .
for months , the media have [showed] gore as stiff , imperial , and out of touch .

The cuts are depicted as a measure designed to leave Social Security untouched and placate seniors .
the cuts are [showed] as a measure designed to leave social security untouched and placate seniors .

It strikes me as a modern-day perversion of ancient Chinese landscape paintings in which people are depicted as miniscule figures at the base of immense mountains and valleys .
it strikes me as a modern-day perversion of ancient chinese landscape paintings in which people are [showed] as miniscule figures at the base of immense mountains and valleys .

To such vulgarian depths does this `` fascination '' descend that there is in one place depicted an act of rank unsalubrious congress between him and a comestible whose ingestion by familial others is ineluctably and tenebrously foreordained .
to such vulgarian depths does this `` fascination '' descend that there is in one place [showed] an act of rank unsalubrious congress between him and a comestible whose ingestion by familial others is ineluctably and tenebrously foreordained .

Twentieth century American writers who have depicted large swaths of society in experimental prose include John Dos Passos , William Faulkner , and Thomas Pynchon .
twentieth century american writers who have [showed] large swaths of society in experimental prose include john dos passos , william faulkner , and thomas pynchon .

In North Carolina , Georgia , Wisconsin , Kentucky , Texas , Florida , Ohio , and elsewhere , Democrats have anchored their campaigns to HMO reform and depicted opponents as shills for the health insurance industry .
in north carolina , georgia , wisconsin , kentucky , texas , florida , ohio , and elsewhere , democrats have anchored their campaigns to hmo reform and [showed] opponents as shills for the health insurance industry .

Corpus Christi became instantaneously notorious in May , when the New York Post revealed that it depicted a Jesus who has sex with his apostles .
corpus christi became instantaneously notorious in may , when the new york post revealed that it [showed] a jesus who has sex with his apostles .

The only real precedent is the 1940s competition of the crooners ; in 1944 , Frank Sinatra depicted his competition by parodying `` Sunday , Monday , or Always '' as `` Dick Todd , Dick Haymes , and Como . ''
the only real precedent is the 1940s competition of the crooners ; in 1944 , frank sinatra [showed] his competition by parodying `` sunday , monday , or always '' as `` dick todd , dick haymes , and como . ''

Meanwhile , Alan Greenspan , the nonflamboyant , noniconic Federal Reserve chairman , punctuated his wedding to NBC 's Andrea Mitchell with a pair of kisses that the Washington Post depicted as shockingly passionate .
meanwhile , alan greenspan , the nonflamboyant , noniconic federal reserve chairman , punctuated his wedding to nbc 's andrea mitchell with a pair of kisses that the washington post [showed] as shockingly passionate .

Louima 's lawyers are depicted as shameless money- and publicity-seekers .
louima 's lawyers are [showed] as shameless money- and publicity-seekers .

Louima 's lawyers are depicted as shameless money- and publicity-seekers .
louima 's lawyers are [showed] as shameless money- and publicity-seekers .

Carey had a small moment of national fame in the mid-'70s , when Steve Brill 's The Teamsters depicted him as one of the union 's only incorruptible bosses .
carey had a small moment of national fame in the mid-'70s , when steve brill 's the teamsters [showed] him as one of the union 's only incorruptible bosses .

Recent articles in Vanity Fair and elsewhere have depicted Sinatra and the Rat Pack as the acme of American cool .
recent articles in vanity fair and elsewhere have [showed] sinatra and the rat pack as the acme of american cool .

Like all such atrocity material , it undermined the morale of the side responsible for the pain it depicted .
like all such atrocity material , it undermined the morale of the side responsible for the pain it [showed] .

I think he 'll be unhappier than any of the other real people depicted in the film , including the tobacco-company P.R .
i think he 'll be unhappier than any of the other real people [showed] in the film , including the tobacco-company p.r .

In an autobiography , Kirk Douglas -- who worked with the director on Spartacus and Paths of Glory -- remembered a nasty , credit-hogging character , less noble and more commercially ambitious than he has subsequently been depicted .
in an autobiography , kirk douglas -- who worked with the director on spartacus and paths of glory -- remembered a nasty , credit-hogging character , less noble and more commercially ambitious than he has subsequently been [showed] .

A 1991 profile in the New York Times Magazine ( whose accuracy , it should be noted , Helprin has challenged ) depicted him as a man who cheerfully admitted that he could n't help but spin tall tales , but had learned from hard experience the downside of doing so : `` In my first radio interview , the announcer said , 'Tell me about your life . '
a 1991 profile in the new york times magazine ( whose accuracy , it should be noted , helprin has challenged ) [showed] him as a man who cheerfully admitted that he could n't help but spin tall tales , but had learned from hard experience the downside of doing so : `` in my first radio interview , the announcer said , 'tell me about your life . '

Fallows is depicted as too righteous for his own good , lacking the `` stop-the-presses adrenaline '' needed for a successful newsmagazine .
fallows is [showed] as too righteous for his own good , lacking the `` stop-the-presses adrenaline '' needed for a successful newsmagazine .

Actors , neon signs , and hotel rooms are much depicted .
actors , neon signs , and hotel rooms are much [showed] .

The legendary Arledge is depicted as detached , lazy , and old .
the legendary arledge is [showed] as detached , lazy , and old .

The legendary Arledge is depicted as detached , lazy , and old .
the legendary arledge is [showed] as detached , lazy , and old .

Tyson is depicted as selfish , anxious , and thoroughly confused by the world around him .
tyson is [showed] as selfish , anxious , and thoroughly confused by the world around him .

Meanwhile , in the Wall Street Journal , Gore is depicted wowing the nation 's top computer executives with his fluent references to Immanuel Kant and Thomas Kuhn .
meanwhile , in the wall street journal , gore is [showed] wowing the nation 's top computer executives with his fluent references to immanuel kant and thomas kuhn .

The WP reports that a cable-funded three-year study of television violence billed as the largest ever concludes that `` glamorized '' violence -- where physical and mental consequences are not depicted , the kind considered most harmful to viewers -- remains rampant , despite Industry promises to address the problem .
the wp reports that a cable-funded three-year study of television violence billed as the largest ever concludes that `` glamorized '' violence -- where physical and mental consequences are not [showed] , the kind considered most harmful to viewers -- remains rampant , despite industry promises to address the problem .

Of the two women depicted in Olympia , the lily-white nude courtesan , displayed on a chaise longue , elicited the outcry .
of the two women [showed] in olympia , the lily-white nude courtesan , displayed on a chaise longue , elicited the outcry .

On-screen , St. Clair is depicted as being scared of Schultz , and Johnson has to fight in her place .
on-screen , st. clair is [showed] as being scared of schultz , and johnson has to fight in her place .

It disturbs me the same way I am always disturbed when my dinner entree is depicted on a menu as a smiling cartoon sailor dancing the hornpipe .
it disturbs me the same way i am always disturbed when my dinner entree is [showed] on a menu as a smiling cartoon sailor dancing the hornpipe .

In those days there were no cartoon tampons , but if there were , they would have been depicted as the grim-faced civil servants we know them to truly be .
in those days there were no cartoon tampons , but if there were , they would have been [showed] as the grim-faced civil servants we know them to truly be .

The thug with the fuck-you sneer depicted in Richard ( 1969 ) , a magnified mug shot hanging to her right , could be the guy she 's just caught sight of .
the thug with the fuck-you sneer [showed] in richard ( 1969 ) , a magnified mug shot hanging to her right , could be the guy she 's just caught sight of .

People ( for the most part ) did n't find Mapplethorpe 's X Portfolio photographs objectionable because they depicted homosexuality .
people ( for the most part ) did n't find mapplethorpe 's x portfolio photographs objectionable because they [showed] homosexuality .

They found them objectionable because they depicted sadomasochism .
they found them objectionable because they [showed] sadomasochism .

Every form finds an echo elsewhere in the painting , and none of the depicted objects calls attention to the historical moment .
every form finds an echo elsewhere in the painting , and none of the [showed] objects calls attention to the historical moment .

Almost Chaplinesque , Bonnard as depicted here looks like the very last fighter you 'd bet on .
almost chaplinesque , bonnard as [showed] here looks like the very last fighter you 'd bet on .

Someone else telephones to discuss the radicalism of the 1960s , generational warfare , and the intricacies of black-Jewish relations in industrial New Jersey , as depicted by Philip Roth .
someone else telephones to discuss the radicalism of the 1960s , generational warfare , and the intricacies of black-jewish relations in industrial new jersey , as [showed] by philip roth .

Burne-Jones explained , with characteristic vagueness and paranoia , that he had depicted `` a sort of Sirenland -- I do n't know when or where -- not Greek Sirens , but any sirens , anywhere , that lure men on to destruction . ''
burne-jones explained , with characteristic vagueness and paranoia , that he had [showed] `` a sort of sirenland -- i do n't know when or where -- not greek sirens , but any sirens , anywhere , that lure men on to destruction . ''

Zoom-out vs. zoom-in : Ever since Roe , pro-life posters and pamphlets have depicted isolated fetuses .
zoom-out vs. zoom-in : ever since roe , pro-life posters and pamphlets have [showed] isolated fetuses .

DeGeneres depicted her own coming-out as a financial boon : `` I became more famous .
degeneres [showed] her own coming-out as a financial boon : `` i became more famous .

On the basis of the family depicted in Liberty Heights , he hardly seems to remember what a Jew is -- only what a Jew is not .
on the basis of the family [showed] in liberty heights , he hardly seems to remember what a jew is -- only what a jew is not .

The guy on the receiving end this week is Lamar Alexander , widely depicted as a wounded horse awaiting his coup de grace in the Ames straw poll on Saturday .
the guy on the receiving end this week is lamar alexander , widely [showed] as a wounded horse awaiting his coup de grace in the ames straw poll on saturday .

The three student filmmakers depicted in the movie , who present themselves in home videos and snippets of their planned black-and-white `` documentary , '' seemed like real people .
the three student filmmakers [showed] in the movie , who present themselves in home videos and snippets of their planned black-and-white `` documentary , '' seemed like real people .

Unlike most strips , his was about adults , albeit adults depicted as children .
unlike most strips , his was about adults , albeit adults [showed] as children .

ABC 's pre-interview hype depicted Lewinsky as a smitten , deluded romantic .
abc 's pre-interview hype [showed] lewinsky as a smitten , deluded romantic .

Newsweek 's cover story argues that North America was first peopled by `` a Rainbow Coalition of ethnic types , '' not just the Bering Strait-crossing Asians commonly depicted in history textbooks .
newsweek 's cover story argues that north america was first peopled by `` a rainbow coalition of ethnic types , '' not just the bering strait-crossing asians commonly [showed] in history textbooks .

Virtually everyone who 's anyone is depicted in an inside portfolio : Drew Barrymore ( `` The Nymph '' ) , Sean Connery and Michael Caine ( `` The Old Devils '' ) , Jodie Foster , Michelle Pfeiffer , and Meg Ryan ( `` The Three Graces '' ) , etc .
virtually everyone who 's anyone is [showed] in an inside portfolio : drew barrymore ( `` the nymph '' ) , sean connery and michael caine ( `` the old devils '' ) , jodie foster , michelle pfeiffer , and meg ryan ( `` the three graces '' ) , etc .

Several Democratic senators , assisted by the media , depicted the House prosecutors ' failure to win a majority vote in the Senate as a disgraceful setback for the GOP .
several democratic senators , assisted by the media , [showed] the house prosecutors ' failure to win a majority vote in the senate as a disgraceful setback for the gop .

He 's depicted in a photograph , not on film .
he 's [showed] in a photograph , not on film .

Al Sharpton , who has been found liable for defaming Prosecutor Steven Pagones by accusing him of raping Brawley , refused to apologize and depicted the defamation suit as an attempt to silence a brave civil rights martyr , i.e. , himself .
al sharpton , who has been found liable for defaming prosecutor steven pagones by accusing him of raping brawley , refused to apologize and [showed] the defamation suit as an attempt to silence a brave civil rights martyr , i.e. , himself .

Where some Holocaust experts , such as Hilberg and Martin Broszat , depicted it as a `` complex and contingent event , '' other writers , such as Lucy Davidowicz , found it more `` politically expedient '' to focus on anti-Semitism , especially as Israel came under increasing censure .
where some holocaust experts , such as hilberg and martin broszat , [showed] it as a `` complex and contingent event , '' other writers , such as lucy davidowicz , found it more `` politically expedient '' to focus on anti-semitism , especially as israel came under increasing censure .

Nor can the farmers be depicted as hapless bystanders blindsided by an unfair change in government policy .
nor can the farmers be [showed] as hapless bystanders blindsided by an unfair change in government policy .

The university 's housing director , says the Times , was then called in and -- through a grueling review of the Web site , no doubt -- ascertained that the rooms depicted are not on campus .
the university 's housing director , says the times , was then called in and -- through a grueling review of the web site , no doubt -- ascertained that the rooms [showed] are not on campus .

Mug the Milkman , depicted with slopping-over pail and hand-bell , who maintained the alliterative pattern .
mug the milkman , [showed] with slopping-over pail and hand-bell , who maintained the alliterative pattern .

Winston Churchill , often depicted as a bulldog , frequently wore one to work , though he preferred to call it a boiler suit .
winston churchill , often [showed] as a bulldog , frequently wore one to work , though he preferred to call it a boiler suit .

There is a moment of pure enjoyment depicted by the narrator in The Sun Rises which uses this same interactive syntax .
there is a moment of pure enjoyment [showed] by the narrator in the sun rises which uses this same interactive syntax .

Once it became obvious that the case was being lost , the defendant 's lawyer blamed the whole flap on a printer 's error , maintaining that his client 's original ad copy depicted Gargantua speaking in the future tense of the verb : “ Un de ces jours , on jumbo frankfurtera dans les coins ” [ ` One of these days , folks around here will be eating big hot dogs . ' ]
once it became obvious that the case was being lost , the defendant 's lawyer blamed the whole flap on a printer 's error , maintaining that his client 's original ad copy [showed] gargantua speaking in the future tense of the verb : “ un de ces jours , on jumbo frankfurtera dans les coins ” [ ` one of these days , folks around here will be eating big hot dogs . ' ]

At this moment , the word is most commonly used for the elastic tether by which daredevils attach themselves to a bridge or building before leaping off into space , a sport that was graphically depicted in the opening scene of the movie , To Live and Die in L.A. My daughter tells me , however , that the terms was used at least ten years ago for the elastic cords used for tying schoolbooks to the luggage rack at the back of a bicycle .
at this moment , the word is most commonly used for the elastic tether by which daredevils attach themselves to a bridge or building before leaping off into space , a sport that was graphically [showed] in the opening scene of the movie , to live and die in l.a. my daughter tells me , however , that the terms was used at least ten years ago for the elastic cords used for tying schoolbooks to the luggage rack at the back of a bicycle .

