# that [you] want

In this way , you can arrange his legs and arms in any desired position , with feet , or one foot , barely resting on the pedestal .
in this way , you can arrange his legs and arms in any [wanted] position , with feet , or one foot , barely resting on the pedestal .

The work is executed in England ( by hand ) and can be worked in any desired design and color .
the work is executed in england ( by hand ) and can be worked in any [wanted] design and color .

The country was now full of Gazettes and Samuel C. Atkinson and Charles Alexander , who had just taken over Franklin's old paper , desired a more distinctive name .
the country was now full of gazettes and samuel c. atkinson and charles alexander , who had just taken over franklin's old paper , [wanted] a more distinctive name .

`` Behind that Charlie Chaplin moustache and that truant lock of hair that always covered his forehead , behind the tirades and the sulky silences , the passionate orations and the occasional dull evasive stare , behind the prejudices , the cynicism , the total amorality of behavior , behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes , there lay a statesman of no mean qualities : Shrewd , calculating , in many ways realistic , endowed -- like Stalin -- with considerable powers of dissimulation , capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired , yet bold and resolute in his decisions , and possessing one gift Stalin did not possess : The ability to rouse men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word '' .
`` behind that charlie chaplin moustache and that truant lock of hair that always covered his forehead , behind the tirades and the sulky silences , the passionate orations and the occasional dull evasive stare , behind the prejudices , the cynicism , the total amorality of behavior , behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes , there lay a statesman of no mean qualities : shrewd , calculating , in many ways realistic , endowed -- like stalin -- with considerable powers of dissimulation , capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so [wanted] , yet bold and resolute in his decisions , and possessing one gift stalin did not possess : the ability to rouse men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word '' .

simmer 15 minutes , stirring occasionally , until sauce is of desired consistency .
simmer 15 minutes , stirring occasionally , until sauce is of [wanted] consistency .

If desired , sprinkle with 1 teaspoon drained crushed pineapple .
if [wanted] , sprinkle with 1 teaspoon drained crushed pineapple .

Study surface of clay for defects or desired corrections .
study surface of clay for defects or [wanted] corrections .

Cut a notch in lid for spoon handle if desired .
cut a notch in lid for spoon handle if [wanted] .

The inner panels do not have to be weatherproof , and the choice will depend on the quality of finish desired .
the inner panels do not have to be weatherproof , and the choice will depend on the quality of finish [wanted] .

The return spring tension may be adjusted to suit individual requirements by gripping the spring housing with a pair of pliers ( to prevent the spring from unwinding when it is released ) , loosening the lock nut or screw , and rotating the housing until the desired tension is achieved .
the return spring tension may be adjusted to suit individual requirements by gripping the spring housing with a pair of pliers ( to prevent the spring from unwinding when it is released ) , loosening the lock nut or screw , and rotating the housing until the [wanted] tension is achieved .

`` Mr. Palmer will attend to any applications relating to bridges and if desired will view the proposed site , and lay out and superintend the work , or recommend a suitable person to execute it .
`` mr. palmer will attend to any applications relating to bridges and if [wanted] will view the proposed site , and lay out and superintend the work , or recommend a suitable person to execute it .

Fundamental to the difficulty of creating the desired prestige is the fact that , in the business community , prestige and status are conferred in proportion to the authority that one man has over others and the extent of which he participates in the management functions '' .
fundamental to the difficulty of creating the [wanted] prestige is the fact that , in the business community , prestige and status are conferred in proportion to the authority that one man has over others and the extent of which he participates in the management functions '' .

Finally , he was cooking , washing dishes , bathing the children , and even ironing -- and still his wife refused to have relations as often as he desired them .
finally , he was cooking , washing dishes , bathing the children , and even ironing -- and still his wife refused to have relations as often as he [wanted] them .

Sometimes a desired acreage is offered only as part of a larger tract .
sometimes a [wanted] acreage is offered only as part of a larger tract .

Since the land he desired lay within the great northern empire of the Hudson's Bay Company , he purchased great blocks of the Comany's stock with the view to controlling its policies .
since the land he [wanted] lay within the great northern empire of the hudson's bay company , he purchased great blocks of the comany's stock with the view to controlling its policies .

That much of what he calls folklore is the result of beliefs carefully sown among the people with the conscious aim of producing a desired mass emotional reaction to a particular situation or set of situations is irrelevant .
that much of what he calls folklore is the result of beliefs carefully sown among the people with the conscious aim of producing a [wanted] mass emotional reaction to a particular situation or set of situations is irrelevant .

In both cases he desired information about placing the freedmen in homes once they arrived in the North .
in both cases he [wanted] information about placing the freedmen in homes once they arrived in the north .

that the enrollment showed an increase of boarding students as was desired ; ;
that the enrollment showed an increase of boarding students as was [wanted] ; ;

`` The primary objective of non-violence '' , writes the outstanding Mennonite ethicist , `` is not peace , or obedience to the divine will , but rather certain desired social changes , for personal , or class , or national advantage '' .
`` the primary objective of non-violence '' , writes the outstanding mennonite ethicist , `` is not peace , or obedience to the divine will , but rather certain [wanted] social changes , for personal , or class , or national advantage '' .

That would amount to calculating the means and justifying them wholly in terms of their effectiveness in reaching desired goals .
that would amount to calculating the means and justifying them wholly in terms of their effectiveness in reaching [wanted] goals .

and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground .
and are combinable into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be [wanted] on a parade ground .

In all other areas , private initiative of the `` proprietorship '' type should be urged to produce the desired goods and services .
in all other areas , private initiative of the `` proprietorship '' type should be urged to produce the [wanted] goods and services .

Moreover , because of the particular blot on your family escutcheon through what may only have been one unbridled moment on your grandmother's part , and because you had the lean-to kitchen and trundle bed of your childhood to outgrow , what you obviously most desired with both your conscious and unconscious person , what you bent your whole will , sensibility , and intelligence upon , was to be a lady .
moreover , because of the particular blot on your family escutcheon through what may only have been one unbridled moment on your grandmother's part , and because you had the lean-to kitchen and trundle bed of your childhood to outgrow , what you obviously most [wanted] with both your conscious and unconscious person , what you bent your whole will , sensibility , and intelligence upon , was to be a lady .

Alas , to Ann's consternation , his language while thus employed left much to be desired .
alas , to ann's consternation , his language while thus employed left much to be [wanted] .

They explained that they desired only to stop in India until a ship traveling on to Burma could be found .
they explained that they [wanted] only to stop in india until a ship traveling on to burma could be found .

What policies if adopted and applied in various circumstances will increase the likelihood that future events will coincide with desired events and do so at least cost in terms of all human values ? ?
what policies if adopted and applied in various circumstances will increase the likelihood that future events will coincide with [wanted] events and do so at least cost in terms of all human values ? ?

Their expressed standards concerning sex roles , desirable age for marriage , characteristics of an ideal mate , number of children desired are congruent with the values and stereotypes of the preceding generation -- minus compulsive rebellion .
their expressed standards concerning sex roles , desirable age for marriage , characteristics of an ideal mate , number of children [wanted] are congruent with the values and stereotypes of the preceding generation -- minus compulsive rebellion .

The fact that he nowhere mentioned theatrical performances as part of the activities of the boys later in his hypothetical academy ( 1644 ) should not be taken too seriously as evidence that he desired them to eschew such performances .
the fact that he nowhere mentioned theatrical performances as part of the activities of the boys later in his hypothetical academy ( 1644 ) should not be taken too seriously as evidence that he [wanted] them to eschew such performances .

Each SBA regional office also maintains a `` want '' list of surplus property , principally machinery and equipment , desired by small business concerns in its area .
each sba regional office also maintains a `` want '' list of surplus property , principally machinery and equipment , [wanted] by small business concerns in its area .

The type of program desired can be determined by the nature and extent of the adjustments needed .
the type of program [wanted] can be determined by the nature and extent of the adjustments needed .

However , neither of these two cities is on the desired July 1 to June 30 fiscal year .
however , neither of these two cities is on the [wanted] july 1 to june 30 fiscal year .

Counsel for the Government invited Du Pont's views on this proposal before recommending a specific program , but stated that if the court desired , or if counsel for Du Pont thought further discussion would not be profitable , the Government was prepared to submit a plan within thirty days .
counsel for the government invited du pont's views on this proposal before recommending a specific program , but stated that if the court [wanted] , or if counsel for du pont thought further discussion would not be profitable , the government was prepared to submit a plan within thirty days .

The rules and policies to be applied in this process of course must be based on objectives which represent what is to be desired if radio service is to be of maximum use to the Nation .
the rules and policies to be applied in this process of course must be based on objectives which represent what is to be [wanted] if radio service is to be of maximum use to the nation .

The desired amounts of inactive chlorine and radioactive chlorine were likewise condensed in these cells on the vacuum line following which they were frozen down and the manifold as a whole was sealed off .
the [wanted] amounts of inactive chlorine and radioactive chlorine were likewise condensed in these cells on the vacuum line following which they were frozen down and the manifold as a whole was sealed off .

Obviously , a satisfactory answer to the third question is imperative , if the argument is to get under way at all , for if there is any possibility of doubt whether the patient's tactual sensitivity had been impaired by the occipital lesion , any findings whatsoever in regard to the first question become completely ambiguous and fail altogether , of course , as evidence to establish the desired conclusion .
obviously , a satisfactory answer to the third question is imperative , if the argument is to get under way at all , for if there is any possibility of doubt whether the patient's tactual sensitivity had been impaired by the occipital lesion , any findings whatsoever in regard to the first question become completely ambiguous and fail altogether , of course , as evidence to establish the [wanted] conclusion .

But certainly , all will agree that it is not so much the knowledge and search for similarities between you and us , but rather the thoughtful exploration and acceptance of our differences which may lead us to our respective and desired goals with a minimum of misunderstanding .
but certainly , all will agree that it is not so much the knowledge and search for similarities between you and us , but rather the thoughtful exploration and acceptance of our differences which may lead us to our respective and [wanted] goals with a minimum of misunderstanding .

An individual switch or the entire set of switches in a word may be tested or altered as desired .
an individual switch or the entire set of switches in a word may be tested or altered as [wanted] .

Upon completion of the purging step , additional initiator appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample desired is added , and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature , at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion .
upon completion of the purging step , additional initiator appropriate for the molecular weight of the sample [wanted] is added , and the system is then warmed to the polymerization temperature , at which the reaction is allowed to go to completion .

The polyether glycols are claimed to give flexible urethanes a spring-back action which is much desired in cushioning .
the polyether glycols are claimed to give flexible urethanes a spring-back action which is much [wanted] in cushioning .

By varying the formula , this curve may be moved forward or backward along the coordinates to produce any desired compression strength / density ratio .
by varying the formula , this curve may be moved forward or backward along the coordinates to produce any [wanted] compression strength / density ratio .

It only takes a few minutes for the foaming action to be completed and after a short cure , the material can be cut into lengths as desired .
it only takes a few minutes for the foaming action to be completed and after a short cure , the material can be cut into lengths as [wanted] .

Profile cutting machines are available which can split foam to any desired thickness and produce sine , triangle , trapezoid , and other profiles in variable heights , dimensions , etc. .
profile cutting machines are available which can split foam to any [wanted] thickness and produce sine , triangle , trapezoid , and other profiles in variable heights , dimensions , etc. .

Evaluation may be made on either a soil-removal or a grease-removal basis as desired .
evaluation may be made on either a soil-removal or a grease-removal basis as [wanted] .

Add sufficient soap ( and softener if required to counteract hard water ) to furnish a good running suds , or if desired use a synthetic detergent .
add sufficient soap ( and softener if required to counteract hard water ) to furnish a good running suds , or if [wanted] use a synthetic detergent .

For the same reason , the output fiber plate is planoconcave , its exposed flat side permitting contact photography if a permanent record is desired .
for the same reason , the output fiber plate is planoconcave , its exposed flat side permitting contact photography if a permanent record is [wanted] .

The specification of the objective function of which the optimization is desired .
the specification of the objective function of which the optimization is [wanted] .

Proceeding in this way up the table we extract the complete optimal policy and , if it is desired , we can check on Af by evaluating Af at the last stage .
proceeding in this way up the table we extract the complete optimal policy and , if it is [wanted] , we can check on af by evaluating af at the last stage .

Platform heading consists of orienting the sensitive axis of the accelerometers parallel to the desired coordinate system of the navigator .
platform heading consists of orienting the sensitive axis of the accelerometers parallel to the [wanted] coordinate system of the navigator .

Upon reaching the desired speed , the automatic equipment would cut off the drive , and the silent but not empty vessel would hurl towards the star which was its journey's end .
upon reaching the [wanted] speed , the automatic equipment would cut off the drive , and the silent but not empty vessel would hurl towards the star which was its journey's end .

God knew his tears were his to shed if he so desired , for it had not been with an egotist's rage for fame that he had held precious his naval career .
god knew his tears were his to shed if he so [wanted] , for it had not been with an egotist's rage for fame that he had held precious his naval career .

Romania leaves a lot to be desired , it 's a big change from England .
romania leaves a lot to be [wanted] , it 's a big change from england .

If there 's no control at home , they come to the teacher and require the teacher to discipline their child , in the hope or belief that perhaps the teacher has the desired authority .
if there 's no control at home , they come to the teacher and require the teacher to discipline their child , in the hope or belief that perhaps the teacher has the [wanted] authority .

The level of the average British male may be 6 but given the incidence of heart disease in Scotland , perhaps the average is not to be desired .
the level of the average british male may be 6 but given the incidence of heart disease in scotland , perhaps the average is not to be [wanted] .

Pretensions beyond the talents Peter Woodifield analyses the downfall of Sir Edward du Cann , now declared bankrupt , and who never achieved the status he so desired
pretensions beyond the talents peter woodifield analyses the downfall of sir edward du cann , now declared bankrupt , and who never achieved the status he so [wanted]

‘ Licensed retailers have now got the kind of security they have long desired and the chance to take their own business into their own hands and reap the rewards , by being able to play to their strengths and provide what their customers want .
‘ licensed retailers have now got the kind of security they have long [wanted] and the chance to take their own business into their own hands and reap the rewards , by being able to play to their strengths and provide what their customers want .

But , even with the carrot of a free lunch , it is debatable if the occasion will attract an attendance of the quantity and quality desired , for two reasons .
but , even with the carrot of a free lunch , it is debatable if the occasion will attract an attendance of the quantity and quality [wanted] , for two reasons .

The standard of reporting by Simon Turnbull and , to a lesser extent , Clive Hetherington , leaves much to be desired when they are covering Newcastle United .
the standard of reporting by simon turnbull and , to a lesser extent , clive hetherington , leaves much to be [wanted] when they are covering newcastle united .

In this form , the two hormones are absorbed by the skin and since the digestive system is avoided , a much lower dose can be given to achieve the desired effect , thereby reducing the side-effects .
in this form , the two hormones are absorbed by the skin and since the digestive system is avoided , a much lower dose can be given to achieve the [wanted] effect , thereby reducing the side-effects .

‘ The decision to print elsewhere was a commercial one , for we have known for some time that the quality of our printing of newspapers leaves a lot to be desired , while our commercial printing side is first class .
‘ the decision to print elsewhere was a commercial one , for we have known for some time that the quality of our printing of newspapers leaves a lot to be [wanted] , while our commercial printing side is first class .

Teachers are reminded that the following fees fall due for payment on 1st January 1992 , but may be paid earlier if desired .
teachers are reminded that the following fees fall due for payment on 1st january 1992 , but may be paid earlier if [wanted] .

( Since the radioactive dust has killed many animals , the ownership of a scarce animal is greatly to be desired and very costly .
( since the radioactive dust has killed many animals , the ownership of a scarce animal is greatly to be [wanted] and very costly .

Dicken 's style is certainly something to be desired .
dicken 's style is certainly something to be [wanted] .

Shop stewards and staff representatives are prepared to meet with you and Alastair Hanton at your convenience if further discussion is desired .
shop stewards and staff representatives are prepared to meet with you and alastair hanton at your convenience if further discussion is [wanted] .

He leaned his forehead against the stone , and was suddenly so weary and so content that it seemed to him there was nothing left to be desired in life , and nothing more he need strive for .
he leaned his forehead against the stone , and was suddenly so weary and so content that it seemed to him there was nothing left to be [wanted] in life , and nothing more he need strive for .

the questionnaire form will almost certainly reach the desired respondent
the questionnaire form will almost certainly reach the [wanted] respondent

The non-response is likely to be non-random so that bias is introduced ; a further complication is that the desired respondent may pass the form to someone he or she thinks is more interested .
the non-response is likely to be non-random so that bias is introduced ; a further complication is that the [wanted] respondent may pass the form to someone he or she thinks is more interested .

Select unit k for the sample with probability , stopping once the desired sample size has been attained , i.e .
select unit k for the sample with probability , stopping once the [wanted] sample size has been attained , i.e .

When it becomes necessary for a bank to liquidate some of its liquid assets in order that it may then have a desired liquidity position , it will , as has been explained , sell to other banks or discount houses .
when it becomes necessary for a bank to liquidate some of its liquid assets in order that it may then have a [wanted] liquidity position , it will , as has been explained , sell to other banks or discount houses .

Rates are altered so that the new price reflects the desired new rate of interest .
rates are altered so that the new price reflects the [wanted] new rate of interest .

On other occasions a high settlement has been desired as part of a strategy of political alliances .
on other occasions a high settlement has been [wanted] as part of a strategy of political alliances .

The wires are then moved a fraction of a centimetre each day to encourage the bone to stretch in the desired direction .
the wires are then moved a fraction of a centimetre each day to encourage the bone to stretch in the [wanted] direction .

The wires are then moved a fraction of a centimetre each day to encourage the bone to stretch in the desired direction .
the wires are then moved a fraction of a centimetre each day to encourage the bone to stretch in the [wanted] direction .

These principles set out the desired aims of :
these principles set out the [wanted] aims of :

This is shown for year 1 in Table 5 : notice that the desired capital stock to meet this demand is ten machines and since the firm already has ten machines , no net investment is necessary .
this is shown for year 1 in table 5 : notice that the [wanted] capital stock to meet this demand is ten machines and since the firm already has ten machines , no net investment is necessary .

But now suppose that in year 2 , demand increases to 2,000 units — the desired capital stock will rise to twenty machines and to achieve this , net investment of ten machines is necessary .
but now suppose that in year 2 , demand increases to 2,000 units — the [wanted] capital stock will rise to twenty machines and to achieve this , net investment of ten machines is necessary .

In year 3 , demand has risen to 3,000 units so that the desired capital stock goes up to thirty machines — since the firm already has twenty , another ten must be purchased .
in year 3 , demand has risen to 3,000 units so that the [wanted] capital stock goes up to thirty machines — since the firm already has twenty , another ten must be purchased .

In year 4 , demand continues to increase , but this time by only 500 units to 3,500 units : the desired capital stock goes up to thirty-five and so net investment of only five machines is necessary .
in year 4 , demand continues to increase , but this time by only 500 units to 3,500 units : the [wanted] capital stock goes up to thirty-five and so net investment of only five machines is necessary .

Given that the bank 's desired cash ratio is 10 per cent and that the bank wishes to maximise its profits , it will increase its total deposits to £30,000 so as to restore the desired ratio .
given that the bank 's [wanted] cash ratio is 10 per cent and that the bank wishes to maximise its profits , it will increase its total deposits to £30,000 so as to restore the [wanted] ratio .

If , however , the bank 's desired cash ratio rose to 12½ per cent , cash holdings of £3,000 would only support total deposits of £24,000 ( because £3,000 is 12½ per cent of £24,000 ) .
if , however , the bank 's [wanted] cash ratio rose to 12½ per cent , cash holdings of £3,000 would only support total deposits of £24,000 ( because £3,000 is 12½ per cent of £24,000 ) .

Other leakages include : ( a ) the holding of excess reserves by banks — that is holding more than the minimum reserve requirement ; ( b ) an increase in the public 's desired cash holdings ; and ( c ) a net outflow of currency overseas as a result of a balance of payments deficit .
other leakages include : ( a ) the holding of excess reserves by banks — that is holding more than the minimum reserve requirement ; ( b ) an increase in the public 's [wanted] cash holdings ; and ( c ) a net outflow of currency overseas as a result of a balance of payments deficit .

If they were previously operating at the desired ratio , the banks will now reduce their deposit liabilities , say , by calling in advances to their customers , by selling assets or by refusing to grant new advances .
if they were previously operating at the [wanted] ratio , the banks will now reduce their deposit liabilities , say , by calling in advances to their customers , by selling assets or by refusing to grant new advances .

If the banks were previously operating with a cash reserves ratio above their desired ratio , however , the potential that exists for them to expand their deposits is reduced .
if the banks were previously operating with a cash reserves ratio above their [wanted] ratio , however , the potential that exists for them to expand their deposits is reduced .

Note that in this case if the Bank of England uses open-market operations to reduce the money supply , the official intention may be frustrated as long as the banks ' cash reserves ratio remains above the desired level .
note that in this case if the bank of england uses open-market operations to reduce the money supply , the official intention may be frustrated as long as the banks ' cash reserves ratio remains above the [wanted] level .

This time , firms and households find that their actual money balances are below their desired money balances .
this time , firms and households find that their actual money balances are below their [wanted] money balances .

According to this , with a constant nominal money supply , a general deflation of wages and prices will tend to increase the real value of people 's holdings of money above their desired levels .
according to this , with a constant nominal money supply , a general deflation of wages and prices will tend to increase the real value of people 's holdings of money above their [wanted] levels .

It is possible to tailor functional methacrylates to donate desired properties to the products they are usd in and we are continuing to add to our range .
it is possible to tailor functional methacrylates to donate [wanted] properties to the products they are usd in and we are continuing to add to our range .

An ideal filter would perfectly transmit signals at all desired frequencies and completely reject them at all other frequencies .
an ideal filter would perfectly transmit signals at all [wanted] frequencies and completely reject them at all other frequencies .

It was like a virtually an all night blitz job and so bits of it , you know , it was n't like , totally completed , you know , you 've got and as Scouse was doing some of it it was er the paintwork leaves something to be desired in areas .
it was like a virtually an all night blitz job and so bits of it , you know , it was n't like , totally completed , you know , you 've got and as scouse was doing some of it it was er the paintwork leaves something to be [wanted] in areas .

The staccato notes found in bars 1 and 7 should all be cut off very quickly by muting the desired notes with your right hand palm .
the staccato notes found in bars 1 and 7 should all be cut off very quickly by muting the [wanted] notes with your right hand palm .

These screws are for overall height adjustment purposes only and should only be touched if the desired action height is out of range for the individual saddle height screws .
these screws are for overall height adjustment purposes only and should only be touched if the [wanted] action height is out of range for the individual saddle height screws .

Water returns from the filter by gravity , and can be piped direct into the pond , or routed through a cascade , stream , waterfall , or other feature as desired .
water returns from the filter by gravity , and can be piped direct into the pond , or routed through a cascade , stream , waterfall , or other feature as [wanted] .

All the sounds are bright and punchy , the humbucker dishing out the appropriate amount of clean chunk or coil-tapped crunch when desired .
all the sounds are bright and punchy , the humbucker dishing out the appropriate amount of clean chunk or coil-tapped crunch when [wanted] .

Restring the guitar and set the desired action height , checking the intonation and string alignment ; a certain amount of alignment correction is allowed by moving the neck laterally ( slacken the four neck bolts slightly , move neck , retighten bolts ) .
restring the guitar and set the [wanted] action height , checking the intonation and string alignment ; a certain amount of alignment correction is allowed by moving the neck laterally ( slacken the four neck bolts slightly , move neck , retighten bolts ) .

Our review guitar 's setup left a fair bit to be desired .
our review guitar 's setup left a fair bit to be [wanted] .

Although this may seem to be the logical method of connection , it will definitely not provide the desired result .
although this may seem to be the logical method of connection , it will definitely not provide the [wanted] result .

This is a good way of doing things in that it enables what is effectively a limitless number of different codes to be used , with as little or as much data as desired being attached to each code .
this is a good way of doing things in that it enables what is effectively a limitless number of different codes to be used , with as little or as much data as [wanted] being attached to each code .

It is possible to add a couple of useful refinements to the basic system if desired .
it is possible to add a couple of useful refinements to the basic system if [wanted] .

He tended to regard the conversion of his son Harilal to Islam as something that was prompted by monetary considerations , and in the case of such converts , he maintains that they should be readmitted to Hinduism without hesitation if they so desired and truly repented of their erroneous actions .
he tended to regard the conversion of his son harilal to islam as something that was prompted by monetary considerations , and in the case of such converts , he maintains that they should be readmitted to hinduism without hesitation if they so [wanted] and truly repented of their erroneous actions .

Furthermore , the methods employed by the utilitarian would always he justified if they succeeded in procuring the desired end .
furthermore , the methods employed by the utilitarian would always he justified if they succeeded in procuring the [wanted] end .

In fact , when the sex act takes place only when progeny is desired then it can be referred to as married brahmacārya .
in fact , when the sex act takes place only when progeny is [wanted] then it can be referred to as married brahmacārya .

He clearly has a highly unrealistic view of human nature if he assumes that sexual activity will only take place when progeny is desired .
he clearly has a highly unrealistic view of human nature if he assumes that sexual activity will only take place when progeny is [wanted] .

Gibson once used ‘ Limed Mahogany ’ as a finish on some Les Paul Juniors , and that may be the desired effect here , but the translucent mushroom colour of the Carlton certainly hides a lot of the mahogany 's natural colour and grain characteristics .
gibson once used ‘ limed mahogany ’ as a finish on some les paul juniors , and that may be the [wanted] effect here , but the translucent mushroom colour of the carlton certainly hides a lot of the mahogany 's natural colour and grain characteristics .

Open tunings work particularly well on this guitar , although the Spanish-style Schaller tuners have a strong delayed-action feel and leave a lot to be desired .
open tunings work particularly well on this guitar , although the spanish-style schaller tuners have a strong delayed-action feel and leave a lot to be [wanted] .

In his view , it was the Resident , and the Resident alone , whose task it was to guide the emir along the path of material progress — if such indeed were deemed to be desired .
in his view , it was the resident , and the resident alone , whose task it was to guide the emir along the path of material progress — if such indeed were deemed to be [wanted] .

Thus , though Lugard could not avoid committing himself , in principle , to providing a Western education ( that notorious producer of disrespect ) to Africans who desired it , he hoped that a system could be devised which would render them ‘ efficient , loyal , reliable and contented — a race of self-respecting native gentlemen ’ .
thus , though lugard could not avoid committing himself , in principle , to providing a western education ( that notorious producer of disrespect ) to africans who [wanted] it , he hoped that a system could be devised which would render them ‘ efficient , loyal , reliable and contented — a race of self-respecting native gentlemen ’ .

Nothing changes/feelings shift , move endlessly in circles/moths beating at glass endlessly/all that energy expended on nothing/no-one lets you in/desire and what can be desired are all fixed within strict parameters/ established as everything you 're not/desire written against your body/encoded in all the spaces which are not you/contours which are not yours/you occupy the gap between desire and fulfilment/absence of choice/no choice at all/why are moths nocturnal when so strongly attracted to light ?
nothing changes/feelings shift , move endlessly in circles/moths beating at glass endlessly/all that energy expended on nothing/no-one lets you in/desire and what can be [wanted] are all fixed within strict parameters/ established as everything you 're not/desire written against your body/encoded in all the spaces which are not you/contours which are not yours/you occupy the gap between desire and fulfilment/absence of choice/no choice at all/why are moths nocturnal when so strongly attracted to light ?

We punish ourselves for ‘ failing ’ and believe that we can not be loved , desired or respected unless we get thin ; and punishment is also linked to profit .
we punish ourselves for ‘ failing ’ and believe that we can not be loved , [wanted] or respected unless we get thin ; and punishment is also linked to profit .

Some fat women are so grateful to be desired that they will take whatever sex is offered ; others have very specific criteria for lovers , and even less choice .
some fat women are so grateful to be [wanted] that they will take whatever sex is offered ; others have very specific criteria for lovers , and even less choice .

but we can not demand to be desired , for desire operates in complex , often unconscious ways .
but we can not demand to be [wanted] , for desire operates in complex , often unconscious ways .

The first is anyone who is in any way mentally deficient , as such people can not cooperate sufficiently with the therapist to achieve the desired result .
the first is anyone who is in any way mentally deficient , as such people can not cooperate sufficiently with the therapist to achieve the [wanted] result .

On these cassettes you will hear the voice of the hypnotherapist , who will help you to achieve the desired state , then give you the same suggestions that he or she would make if you were in the consulting room ; finally , the hypnotherapist will wake you up again .
on these cassettes you will hear the voice of the hypnotherapist , who will help you to achieve the [wanted] state , then give you the same suggestions that he or she would make if you were in the consulting room ; finally , the hypnotherapist will wake you up again .

First , decide how far down from the top of the aquarium you wish to position the strengtheners to accommodate any desired equipment inside the top .
first , decide how far down from the top of the aquarium you wish to position the strengtheners to accommodate any [wanted] equipment inside the top .

Too little medication will not have the desired effect and too much will harm the fish .
too little medication will not have the [wanted] effect and too much will harm the fish .

They are based on the classic ‘ closed loop feedback ’ system where the desired position is compared with the actual position and if there is a difference , an error signal is generated that drives the output closer to the desired position .
they are based on the classic ‘ closed loop feedback ’ system where the [wanted] position is compared with the actual position and if there is a difference , an error signal is generated that drives the output closer to the [wanted] position .

Length of fermentation depends on the wine desired .
length of fermentation depends on the wine [wanted] .

Having first made sure that the master volume is well back , Decimax recommend that the ‘ acoustic correction ’ equaliser should be set for flat response while the desired sounds are assembled .
having first made sure that the master volume is well back , decimax recommend that the ‘ acoustic correction ’ equaliser should be set for flat response while the [wanted] sounds are assembled .

Looking over the abyss of infinite possibility , they find it easy to slip into endless striving and pursuit of whatever is , at that moment , desired .
looking over the abyss of infinite possibility , they find it easy to slip into endless striving and pursuit of whatever is , at that moment , [wanted] .

The goods or service lift is entered from the backstairs area behind the passenger lift and is controlled by a set of three ‘ semi-automatic ’ push buttons , the third being for stopping the lift at any desired point . The only concession to scale is that for obvious reasons the lift buttons are situated outside the cars !
the goods or service lift is entered from the backstairs area behind the passenger lift and is controlled by a set of three ‘ semi-automatic ’ push buttons , the third being for stopping the lift at any [wanted] point . the only concession to scale is that for obvious reasons the lift buttons are situated outside the cars !

Now we are told by Mr Pascall that the original plans for teaching English in schools left a lot to be desired .
now we are told by mr pascall that the original plans for teaching english in schools left a lot to be [wanted] .

Desired outcomes
[wanted] outcomes

Once we were the desired distance away we had to stand perfectly still , reach slowly into our pockets for the food , turn side-on to the bird , look back at it over our shoulders and wiggle the meat .
once we were the [wanted] distance away we had to stand perfectly still , reach slowly into our pockets for the food , turn side-on to the bird , look back at it over our shoulders and wiggle the meat .

There is no pain of loss in this doubt , no agonizing uncertainty , no straining desire for a solution : The desired goal is not recovery of faith but a respectable cover for retreat from faith .
there is no pain of loss in this doubt , no agonizing uncertainty , no straining desire for a solution : the [wanted] goal is not recovery of faith but a respectable cover for retreat from faith .

The government of the day would not be promoting the Bill , and it would not have been allocated time in its legislative programme , unless the government had considered the matter in considerable detail and decided more or less exactly upon the Bill it desired .
the government of the day would not be promoting the bill , and it would not have been allocated time in its legislative programme , unless the government had considered the matter in considerable detail and decided more or less exactly upon the bill it [wanted] .

Sometimes , the Minister will take the point of a desired amendment , but not like the proposed amendment itself and thus undertake instead to arrange for amendment himself at a later stage .
sometimes , the minister will take the point of a [wanted] amendment , but not like the proposed amendment itself and thus undertake instead to arrange for amendment himself at a later stage .

Should it be desired to alter this state of affairs , there would be many who would assert that the change could not be made without the consent of the part of the United Kingdom affected , however it were to be expressed .
should it be [wanted] to alter this state of affairs , there would be many who would assert that the change could not be made without the consent of the part of the united kingdom affected , however it were to be expressed .

The difficulty was in gauging just how much sugar should be added to yield the desired degree of mousse : too little would merely result in a vin pétillant ; too much would burst the bottle .
the difficulty was in gauging just how much sugar should be added to yield the [wanted] degree of mousse : too little would merely result in a vin pétillant ; too much would burst the bottle .

There are two basic methods of grafting the rootstock on to the desired scion ( vinestock ) : bench grafting and field grafting .
there are two basic methods of grafting the rootstock on to the [wanted] scion ( vinestock ) : bench grafting and field grafting .

Cleft grafting on the spot is the primary example of field grafting and is widely used in California where varieties of vines cultivated change rapidly with fashion : a grower simply cuts off the whole of his existing variety at rootstock level and clefts on the new desired variety .
cleft grafting on the spot is the primary example of field grafting and is widely used in california where varieties of vines cultivated change rapidly with fashion : a grower simply cuts off the whole of his existing variety at rootstock level and clefts on the new [wanted] variety .

It has no frame , but simply an extendable arm along which a base rest and top grip may be slid and locked into the desired position .
it has no frame , but simply an extendable arm along which a base rest and top grip may be slid and locked into the [wanted] position .

‘ .. where local roads are purely residential roads , even if they are not culs-de-sac , there seems to be no reason not to extend this approach to them if desired .
‘ .. where local roads are purely residential roads , even if they are not culs-de-sac , there seems to be no reason not to extend this approach to them if [wanted] .

Judged against this standard , many of our towns now seem to leave a great deal to be desired .
judged against this standard , many of our towns now seem to leave a great deal to be [wanted] .

The plan envisaged realising the desired network over a ten year period at a projected cost of 10 million guilders with a committed programme of annual subsidy from central government .
the plan envisaged realising the [wanted] network over a ten year period at a projected cost of 10 million guilders with a committed programme of annual subsidy from central government .

Beat the cream cheese and mayonnaise together and add salt and pepper if desired .
beat the cream cheese and mayonnaise together and add salt and pepper if [wanted] .

Divide the icing into portions and colour each as desired .
divide the icing into portions and colour each as [wanted] .

Spoon a little icing onto each biscuit , spread almost to the edges and decorate as desired .
spoon a little icing onto each biscuit , spread almost to the edges and decorate as [wanted] .

The game can have a winning team , if desired .
the game can have a winning team , if [wanted] .

The quality of research in the area of child abuse still leaves much to be desired .
the quality of research in the area of child abuse still leaves much to be [wanted] .

The Commander is best left separate from the tank so that he can be painted up as an individual model and put in or left out of the hatch as desired .
the commander is best left separate from the tank so that he can be painted up as an individual model and put in or left out of the hatch as [wanted] .

Andrewes loved ceremonial and used incense in his private chapel , which , said Isaacson , was ‘ so decently and reverently adorned that some were so taken with it , that they desired to end their days in the Bishop of Ely 's chapel ’ .
andrewes loved ceremonial and used incense in his private chapel , which , said isaacson , was ‘ so decently and reverently adorned that some were so taken with it , that they [wanted] to end their days in the bishop of ely 's chapel ’ .

Even when used , with effort to avoid evaluative overtones and as a purely descriptive device , psychiatric classification leaves much to be desired ; for example in its inability to distinguish clearly between different varieties of psychosis or draw sharp boundaries between the manifestly and the marginally insane , points we shall have cause to enlarge upon later .
even when used , with effort to avoid evaluative overtones and as a purely descriptive device , psychiatric classification leaves much to be [wanted] ; for example in its inability to distinguish clearly between different varieties of psychosis or draw sharp boundaries between the manifestly and the marginally insane , points we shall have cause to enlarge upon later .

She said many a wicked word , and many a cruel word ; she knew no virtue or goodness , she desired all wickedness ; like as the spirits tempted her to say and do , so she said and did ’ .
she said many a wicked word , and many a cruel word ; she knew no virtue or goodness , she [wanted] all wickedness ; like as the spirits tempted her to say and do , so she said and did ’ .

‘ She was so strong … that she dreaded no devil in Hell … She thought that she loved God more than He did her … She many times desired that the crucifix should loosen His hands from the Cross , and embrace her in token of love .
‘ she was so strong … that she dreaded no devil in hell … she thought that she loved god more than he did her … she many times [wanted] that the crucifix should loosen his hands from the cross , and embrace her in token of love .

It has no frame , but simply an extendable arm along which a base rest and top grip may be slid and locked into the desired position .
it has no frame , but simply an extendable arm along which a base rest and top grip may be slid and locked into the [wanted] position .

The fitting of blinkers on Spartan Sprite had the desired effect at Higham , and it will be interesting to see whether this ploy works a second time should Nigel Bloom opt to ride her rather than Jaaez .
the fitting of blinkers on spartan sprite had the [wanted] effect at higham , and it will be interesting to see whether this ploy works a second time should nigel bloom opt to ride her rather than jaaez .

Their focus is ‘ upon the tension between women 's … independence ( actual , potential or desired ) and their traditional role as front line unpaid carers ’ .
their focus is ‘ upon the tension between women 's … independence ( actual , potential or [wanted] ) and their traditional role as front line unpaid carers ’ .

The Oxford English Dictionary definition of suffering-to undergo pain or grief or damage or disablement — implies that suffering is likely to be avoided rather than desired .
the oxford english dictionary definition of suffering-to undergo pain or grief or damage or disablement — implies that suffering is likely to be avoided rather than [wanted] .

Alongside such apparent contradictions the very condition of society is claimed to leave much to be desired as life was full of danger and trouble ( Page 1970 ) : ‘ life was cheap and illness , plague and famine were never far from the surface ’ ( Wilson 1976a , p. 13 ) ; weapons in graves point to the ‘ ever-present threat of death by violence ’ ( ibid .
alongside such apparent contradictions the very condition of society is claimed to leave much to be [wanted] as life was full of danger and trouble ( page 1970 ) : ‘ life was cheap and illness , plague and famine were never far from the surface ’ ( wilson 1976a , p. 13 ) ; weapons in graves point to the ‘ ever-present threat of death by violence ’ ( ibid .

Flush fitting sides mean you get the look of a built in cooker is so desired .
flush fitting sides mean you get the look of a built in cooker is so [wanted] .

It is only possible to give a general description above on how to go about it , since every helicopter requires its own particular technique to produce the desired result .
it is only possible to give a general description above on how to go about it , since every helicopter requires its own particular technique to produce the [wanted] result .

It was not the convent but the martyr 's pyre she desired .
it was not the convent but the martyr 's pyre she [wanted] .

It took a lot of the fuel from his flames ( the fruit no longer forbidden is no longer desired ) .
it took a lot of the fuel from his flames ( the fruit no longer forbidden is no longer [wanted] ) .

reset mixture rich and desired cruise power
reset mixture rich and [wanted] cruise power

Nevertheless it was apparent that there was going to be a greater preponderance of lords and knights in this affair than Will Douglas , for one , desired ; but his uncle was reluctant to refuse any .
nevertheless it was apparent that there was going to be a greater preponderance of lords and knights in this affair than will douglas , for one , [wanted] ; but his uncle was reluctant to refuse any .

The Regent desired him , as proposer of the scheme , and as having already served with the Earl of Dunbar , to accompany Sir Simon Fraser down to the Earl 's camp near Berwick , there to help that man inform Dunbar of the decisions made and to assist in convincing him to take over the keepership of Berwick Castle .
the regent [wanted] him , as proposer of the scheme , and as having already served with the earl of dunbar , to accompany sir simon fraser down to the earl 's camp near berwick , there to help that man inform dunbar of the decisions made and to assist in convincing him to take over the keepership of berwick castle .

Ramsay explained that his lordship 's goodbrother , the Earl of Moray , had desired to see his sister the Countess whilst in the vicinity , as was but natural ; and while there , they had learned that the defences of the castle were being strengthened , in view of possible attack by the English , and they had offered such small help as they could in this excellent work in the realm 's interest .
ramsay explained that his lordship 's goodbrother , the earl of moray , had [wanted] to see his sister the countess whilst in the vicinity , as was but natural ; and while there , they had learned that the defences of the castle were being strengthened , in view of possible attack by the english , and they had offered such small help as they could in this excellent work in the realm 's interest .

He was a merciful prince and desired no unnecessary bloodshed .
he was a merciful prince and [wanted] no unnecessary bloodshed .

Section 8 of the Railways Act 1974 allows grant payments to be made to suitable applicants , provided that there will be a significant environmental benefit , the anticipated expenditure is of a capital not revenue nature , British Rail will carry the desired freight , the rail freight facilities will encourage a transfer from road to rail and that , relatively speaking , the wanted rail freight facilities would not be viable without a Section 8 payment .
section 8 of the railways act 1974 allows grant payments to be made to suitable applicants , provided that there will be a significant environmental benefit , the anticipated expenditure is of a capital not revenue nature , british rail will carry the [wanted] freight , the rail freight facilities will encourage a transfer from road to rail and that , relatively speaking , the wanted rail freight facilities would not be viable without a section 8 payment .

She had given him what he desired , made a man of him .
she had given him what he [wanted] , made a man of him .

The car was wrong , Rufus 's clothes were wrong or funny or somehow unsuitable , he smoked too much , he was too fond of wine and his whole lifestyle left much to be desired .
the car was wrong , rufus 's clothes were wrong or funny or somehow unsuitable , he smoked too much , he was too fond of wine and his whole lifestyle left much to be [wanted] .

Marrying a cousin was very much to be desired .
marrying a cousin was very much to be [wanted] .

Not everyone desired to mimic the magnificent pomp of the College of Arms ; others knew what a risky business this could be , for the College maintained a rigid overview of funerary practices countrywide , taking to task any family which emulated that type of funeral reserved by the rules of etiquette for those of nobler birth .
not everyone [wanted] to mimic the magnificent pomp of the college of arms ; others knew what a risky business this could be , for the college maintained a rigid overview of funerary practices countrywide , taking to task any family which emulated that type of funeral reserved by the rules of etiquette for those of nobler birth .

Serve , if desired , with a simple green salad .
serve , if [wanted] , with a simple green salad .

Serve on a bed of crisp lettuce , if desired .
serve on a bed of crisp lettuce , if [wanted] .

( This soup freezes well and can be used a little at a time , if desired . )
( this soup freezes well and can be used a little at a time , if [wanted] . )

Decorate with dill sprigs and serve with light caraway rye bread , if desired ( approximately an extra 70 calories per small slice ) .
decorate with dill sprigs and serve with light caraway rye bread , if [wanted] ( approximately an extra 70 calories per small slice ) .

Allow two pieces per person and serve , if desired , with brown rice ( 90 calories per 25g/1oz uncooked — allow 50g/ 2oz per serving ) .
allow two pieces per person and serve , if [wanted] , with brown rice ( 90 calories per 25g/1oz uncooked — allow 50g/ 2oz per serving ) .

To gain the desired bronze , we often endure burnt shoulders and peeling noses , only to find that the colour fades all too quickly , often a couple of weeks after the holiday .
to gain the [wanted] bronze , we often endure burnt shoulders and peeling noses , only to find that the colour fades all too quickly , often a couple of weeks after the holiday .

After From Here to Eternity , his choice of films often left much to be desired .
after from here to eternity , his choice of films often left much to be [wanted] .

Used to getting her own way with her father over most of the other things she desired , Freddie 's initial take-it-or-leave-it attitude had simply fuelled her determination .
used to getting her own way with her father over most of the other things she [wanted] , freddie 's initial take-it-or-leave-it attitude had simply fuelled her determination .

The concession did not have the desired effect , however !
the concession did not have the [wanted] effect , however !

His heavy-handed tactics usually had their desired effect in reducing men to quivering wrecks .
his heavy-handed tactics usually had their [wanted] effect in reducing men to quivering wrecks .

The effect of this announcement on Mrs Frizzell was all that Mrs Stych could have desired .
the effect of this announcement on mrs frizzell was all that mrs stych could have [wanted] .

— lurks another : if it is man who makes history , how does ‘ History ’ gain its exorbitant status as the desired , unachievable object of Sartre 's text ?
— lurks another : if it is man who makes history , how does ‘ history ’ gain its exorbitant status as the [wanted] , unachievable object of sartre 's text ?

The edifice built upon those stones — the implementation of the Act — leaves much to be desired , however , as the research of Goacher et al ( 1988 ) makes clear .
the edifice built upon those stones — the implementation of the act — leaves much to be [wanted] , however , as the research of goacher et al ( 1988 ) makes clear .

The object is to promote stem growth in the desired direction line , but this will not be achieved if , as sometimes happens , a dormant eye emerges as two or three buds , or as not infrequently occurs on too weakly pruned stems , growth emerges in a completely wrong direction from lower buds .
the object is to promote stem growth in the [wanted] direction line , but this will not be achieved if , as sometimes happens , a dormant eye emerges as two or three buds , or as not infrequently occurs on too weakly pruned stems , growth emerges in a completely wrong direction from lower buds .

Very much easier to produce , these weeping standards consist simply of an easily struck rambler cutting with only the one single strongest shoot allowed to develop into a whip and stopped off at the desired height — or you can throw all convention to the winds and simply use a short pillar , fix an umbrella into position , and let a normal growing rambler fall over it .
very much easier to produce , these weeping standards consist simply of an easily struck rambler cutting with only the one single strongest shoot allowed to develop into a whip and stopped off at the [wanted] height — or you can throw all convention to the winds and simply use a short pillar , fix an umbrella into position , and let a normal growing rambler fall over it .

Still others desired a marriage between the two thrones to symbolise the renewal of the Elf Kings and the unity between the old rulers and the new .
still others [wanted] a marriage between the two thrones to symbolise the renewal of the elf kings and the unity between the old rulers and the new .

Ever fair-spoken , Malekith said that he desired the kingship not for himself but in honour of the memory of his father .
ever fair-spoken , malekith said that he [wanted] the kingship not for himself but in honour of the memory of his father .

In fact , some of these practices have also been applied to political communication ; an election broadcast or a staged political event is constructed in such a way as to elicit a pre-determined and desired response .
in fact , some of these practices have also been applied to political communication ; an election broadcast or a staged political event is constructed in such a way as to elicit a pre-determined and [wanted] response .

The failure to achieve many of these desired objectives has been apparent .
the failure to achieve many of these [wanted] objectives has been apparent .

They also differ in the nature of the system which would deliver that which is desired .
they also differ in the nature of the system which would deliver that which is [wanted] .

Shah 's victory opened the door to a brave new world in which the proprietors could , once more , manage the industry and bring about the sorts of changes which they had long desired .
shah 's victory opened the door to a brave new world in which the proprietors could , once more , manage the industry and bring about the sorts of changes which they had long [wanted] .

This section has argued that desired outcomes are typically chosen by clients , and that the exceptions to this are disproportionately private people bringing ‘ one off ’ cases .
this section has argued that [wanted] outcomes are typically chosen by clients , and that the exceptions to this are disproportionately private people bringing ‘ one off ’ cases .

Both might just by accident hit on the fraudulent behaviour eliciting the desired response , and subsequently adopt it as a strategy in such situations .
both might just by accident hit on the fraudulent behaviour eliciting the [wanted] response , and subsequently adopt it as a strategy in such situations .

Another set of criticisms concerns the basic approach , given the desired object of establishing communicative contact with and among the apes concerned .
another set of criticisms concerns the basic approach , given the [wanted] object of establishing communicative contact with and among the apes concerned .

How is it possible for a creature to form means — end plans for reaching a desired object , plans within which other objects are represented as instruments to the overall end ?
how is it possible for a creature to form means — end plans for reaching a [wanted] object , plans within which other objects are represented as instruments to the overall end ?

The ‘ precision ’ of this mechanism leaves something to be desired .
the ‘ precision ’ of this mechanism leaves something to be [wanted] .

Because they are designed to justify certain propositions , the questions they ask are formulated in such a way as to prompt the desired answers .
because they are designed to justify certain propositions , the questions they ask are formulated in such a way as to prompt the [wanted] answers .

These creatures should be distrusted , not desired .
these creatures should be distrusted , not [wanted] .

On the steps of the Great Hall of the People and under the portrait of Chairman Mao , thousands voiced their disapproval of the government which would not allow the freedoms they desired .
on the steps of the great hall of the people and under the portrait of chairman mao , thousands voiced their disapproval of the government which would not allow the freedoms they [wanted] .

The desired behaviour is obviously recordable by using something like a diary .
the [wanted] behaviour is obviously recordable by using something like a diary .

He was pleased to note that this had the desired effect — she no longer wet herself .
he was pleased to note that this had the [wanted] effect — she no longer wet herself .

Each time the desired behaviour occurs the child is given a praise reward : ‘ good boy/girl ’ , ‘ that 's lovely sitting down ’ .
each time the [wanted] behaviour occurs the child is given a praise reward : ‘ good boy/girl ’ , ‘ that 's lovely sitting down ’ .

This is just some of the background to the debate as to whether access should be gained or desired to Range West .
this is just some of the background to the debate as to whether access should be gained or [wanted] to range west .

Having tied off the coils with an overhand knot , a final tie in must be made so that the leader 's attachment will be loaded in the desired manner .
having tied off the coils with an overhand knot , a final tie in must be made so that the leader 's attachment will be loaded in the [wanted] manner .

It is all built up ‘ dry ’ cutting lumps and corners off various pieces to obtain the desired effect , with no gaps left showing the glass .
it is all built up ‘ dry ’ cutting lumps and corners off various pieces to obtain the [wanted] effect , with no gaps left showing the glass .

The opportunity to see a semantic net and dynamically generate outlines from it may help authors mold the desired document .
the opportunity to see a semantic net and dynamically generate outlines from it may help authors mold the [wanted] document .

Considering that this book purports to educate the reader on how to improve his photographic capabilities , the quality of the black and white photograph reproductions leave something to be desired , with some subjects looking fuzzy and over-exposed .
considering that this book purports to educate the reader on how to improve his photographic capabilities , the quality of the black and white photograph reproductions leave something to be [wanted] , with some subjects looking fuzzy and over-exposed .

As the cursor is moved around the grid , the individual rectangles can be coloured in or left blank as desired .
as the cursor is moved around the grid , the individual rectangles can be coloured in or left blank as [wanted] .

the desired aim and the minimum aim ;
the [wanted] aim and the minimum aim ;

This concept is also linked with the concept of power , which is one used to indicate how much influence a family member has in achieving a desired outcome , by active or passive alignment with other members .
this concept is also linked with the concept of power , which is one used to indicate how much influence a family member has in achieving a [wanted] outcome , by active or passive alignment with other members .

The neutron flux so far obtained is insufficient to attain the desired accuracy of measurement .
the neutron flux so far obtained is insufficient to attain the [wanted] accuracy of measurement .

The move had the desired effect but the Indians ' ‘ Friendship Tour ’ was also threatened yesterday by a sex scandal .
the move had the [wanted] effect but the indians ' ‘ friendship tour ’ was also threatened yesterday by a sex scandal .

What little service there is at meal times also leaves much to be desired .
what little service there is at meal times also leaves much to be [wanted] .

Too often , however , such ideas may fail to have the desired effect because they are found to be ‘ inappropriate ’ in some way .
too often , however , such ideas may fail to have the [wanted] effect because they are found to be ‘ inappropriate ’ in some way .

They were glad then that all was calm , as he guided them to the harbour they desired ’ ( Psalms 107:29–30 ) .
they were glad then that all was calm , as he guided them to the harbour they [wanted] ’ ( psalms 107:29–30 ) .

The people , said Russell , desired peace : but only the Americans could enforce it .
the people , said russell , [wanted] peace : but only the americans could enforce it .

‘ You can no longer sustain pressure , no longer achieve a desired field position through such pressure .
‘ you can no longer sustain pressure , no longer achieve a [wanted] field position through such pressure .

The stern words and punishment seemed to have the desired effect .
the stern words and punishment seemed to have the [wanted] effect .

But it is a moot point whether the likely slow pull out of recession over the next few years will produce the desired returns for investors unless the venture capitalists can , as they claim , really add value .
but it is a moot point whether the likely slow pull out of recession over the next few years will produce the [wanted] returns for investors unless the venture capitalists can , as they claim , really add value .

As is pointed out in a robust response from Ernst & Young , the code is full of the desired qualitative attributes of boards and directors , but it is short on objective operational criteria .
as is pointed out in a robust response from ernst & young , the code is full of the [wanted] qualitative attributes of boards and directors , but it is short on objective operational criteria .

It is an Aboriginal understanding that the fauna and flora of the landscape has an ‘ increase centre ’ — an area of high electro-magnetic energy , where the performance of correct rituals will release the life essence or Kurunba stored there and bring about the desired increase .
it is an aboriginal understanding that the fauna and flora of the landscape has an ‘ increase centre ’ — an area of high electro-magnetic energy , where the performance of correct rituals will release the life essence or kurunba stored there and bring about the [wanted] increase .

If a species , the increase of which is desired , is depicted on a Wandjina gallery , for example , the increase is assured .
if a species , the increase of which is [wanted] , is depicted on a wandjina gallery , for example , the increase is assured .

Third , the courts desired a clearcut outcome .
third , the courts [wanted] a clearcut outcome .

Other members can be added in future if so desired .
other members can be added in future if so [wanted] .

It was strange that a sexual union which left nothing to be desired should so clarify the state of her mind .
it was strange that a sexual union which left nothing to be [wanted] should so clarify the state of her mind .

If these skills improve then we may yet have the desired effect of improving the flow of the ball .
if these skills improve then we may yet have the [wanted] effect of improving the flow of the ball .

Everything he desired in a woman was in her .
everything he [wanted] in a woman was in her .

To combine forces made supreme sense to him , and the more absurd the reality seemed , the more deeply he desired it .
to combine forces made supreme sense to him , and the more absurd the reality seemed , the more deeply he [wanted] it .

Diggers helped , so did graveyards with flowers , and a dark picture from Drenthe , Landscape with Bog Trunks , was another instalment in the story of his desired rebirth .
diggers helped , so did graveyards with flowers , and a dark picture from drenthe , landscape with bog trunks , was another instalment in the story of his [wanted] rebirth .

These chemicals may be one reason dieters have so much trouble maintaining their desired weight .
these chemicals may be one reason dieters have so much trouble maintaining their [wanted] weight .

These enable you to put titles onto your recordings while they are being shot , with the option of adding a record of the date and time if desired .
these enable you to put titles onto your recordings while they are being shot , with the option of adding a record of the date and time if [wanted] .

In this case , you have to go through the full manual routine as outlined above , stopping on play-pause and switching back to record-pause when you reach the desired edit-out point on the previous recording .
in this case , you have to go through the full manual routine as outlined above , stopping on play-pause and switching back to record-pause when you reach the [wanted] edit-out point on the previous recording .

As with any pre-booked golf holiday , you should confirm your tee-time on booking and perhaps check the travel time from the airport to the desired hotel — this will not only save time , but unwanted aggravation as well .
as with any pre-booked golf holiday , you should confirm your tee-time on booking and perhaps check the travel time from the airport to the [wanted] hotel — this will not only save time , but unwanted aggravation as well .

This was because if the business did perform well the instrument took on equity features , when in these circumstances straight debt would have been the desired financing to maximise shareholder value .
this was because if the business did perform well the instrument took on equity features , when in these circumstances straight debt would have been the [wanted] financing to maximise shareholder value .

In other words , we need to identify areas of schematic knowledge which the learners will accept as independently relevant and worth acquiring so that the learning of the language is seen as the necessary means to a desired end .
in other words , we need to identify areas of schematic knowledge which the learners will accept as independently relevant and worth acquiring so that the learning of the language is seen as the necessary means to a [wanted] end .

The phrase conveys a sense of the desired relationship between elderly people and their relatives , especially their children : they want to be on good terms with them , and to have regular contact with them , but they do not want to rely on them too directly .
the phrase conveys a sense of the [wanted] relationship between elderly people and their relatives , especially their children : they want to be on good terms with them , and to have regular contact with them , but they do not want to rely on them too directly .

More recent evidence , whilst not addressing this issue directly , tends to suggest that this desired relationship is still important .
more recent evidence , whilst not addressing this issue directly , tends to suggest that this [wanted] relationship is still important .

The desired family form was a household consisting of a married couple and their children , where the man is the breadwinner and the woman a domestic worker .
the [wanted] family form was a household consisting of a married couple and their children , where the man is the breadwinner and the woman a domestic worker .

In essence , software plays the role of an electronic messenger : it delivers information , manipulating it as desired , to computer users .
in essence , software plays the role of an electronic messenger : it delivers information , manipulating it as [wanted] , to computer users .

While the lot of the average prisoner leaves much to be desired , that of the criminal lunatic is much worse . These individuals are huddled together under the most unhygienic conditions , totally uncared for and quite frequently ill-treated …
while the lot of the average prisoner leaves much to be [wanted] , that of the criminal lunatic is much worse . these individuals are huddled together under the most unhygienic conditions , totally uncared for and quite frequently ill-treated …

The second is that of people , and they included Pope Paul himself and most of the Council fathers , who greatly welcomed what had been done and desired its effective implementation , but saw it as all in all a daring and radical reform which had gone beyond anything they sought when the Council began and which did not require significant further development .
the second is that of people , and they included pope paul himself and most of the council fathers , who greatly welcomed what had been done and [wanted] its effective implementation , but saw it as all in all a daring and radical reform which had gone beyond anything they sought when the council began and which did not require significant further development .

In The Merchant of Venice Shylock and Bassanio have been discussing Antonio 's desired bond of three thousand ducats in prose , with some bitter mockery from Shylock on being invited to dinner : ‘ Yes , to smell pork , to eat of the habitation which your prophet the Nazarite conjur 'd the devil into .
in the merchant of venice shylock and bassanio have been discussing antonio 's [wanted] bond of three thousand ducats in prose , with some bitter mockery from shylock on being invited to dinner : ‘ yes , to smell pork , to eat of the habitation which your prophet the nazarite conjur 'd the devil into .

She is no longer desired , yearned after : she has been ‘ had ’ , ‘ got ’ , ‘ cast off ’ , and in turn can have , get , and cast off the man .
she is no longer [wanted] , yearned after : she has been ‘ had ’ , ‘ got ’ , ‘ cast off ’ , and in turn can have , get , and cast off the man .

The victims are people who stand between him and the desired goal , usually some form of power , and who must be set aside , disbarred , or killed .
the victims are people who stand between him and the [wanted] goal , usually some form of power , and who must be set aside , disbarred , or killed .

The industry thus managed to maintain its freedom on this central aspect of commercial policy making , but its competence in living up to this challenge left much to be desired .
the industry thus managed to maintain its freedom on this central aspect of commercial policy making , but its competence in living up to this challenge left much to be [wanted] .

Mr Moi 's human-rights record still leaves much to be desired .
mr moi 's human-rights record still leaves much to be [wanted] .

In order to secure Moses Buchanan 's vote , Sir James Campbell of Ardkinglas was induced to give a bond of £140 Sterling , to be forfeited if the candidate failed to obtain the desired office upon McCure 's death .
in order to secure moses buchanan 's vote , sir james campbell of ardkinglas was induced to give a bond of £140 sterling , to be forfeited if the candidate failed to obtain the [wanted] office upon mccure 's death .

But even the lowliest appointment might oblige a freeholder who in turn desired to serve some obscure relative or other dependent , while in those appointments which demanded legal training , young advocates could establish their reputation as jurists , which in turn might attract business to their law practices in Edinburgh .
but even the lowliest appointment might oblige a freeholder who in turn [wanted] to serve some obscure relative or other dependent , while in those appointments which demanded legal training , young advocates could establish their reputation as jurists , which in turn might attract business to their law practices in edinburgh .

Many Scottish freeholders were involved in colonial trade and the plantation economy of the West Indies and , as might be expected , they saw their member of parliament 's influence in London as a route to obtaining the advantages which they desired in the colonies .
many scottish freeholders were involved in colonial trade and the plantation economy of the west indies and , as might be expected , they saw their member of parliament 's influence in london as a route to obtaining the advantages which they [wanted] in the colonies .

Accordingly , for many ships without such protection , Bombay was the desired port of destination , and getting a suitable voyage was one of the primary concerns of members of parliament with East Indian connections who included among their constituents captains of East Indiamen .
accordingly , for many ships without such protection , bombay was the [wanted] port of destination , and getting a suitable voyage was one of the primary concerns of members of parliament with east indian connections who included among their constituents captains of east indiamen .

When Mr. Leitch established his public house in the village of Ardersier , so conveniently placed to catch the military traffic from Fort George , he wisely retained his seat in the council of the royal burgh of Nairn , and for a valuable parliamentary elector a mere transfer to the desired post was very little for a member of parliament to arrange .
when mr. leitch established his public house in the village of ardersier , so conveniently placed to catch the military traffic from fort george , he wisely retained his seat in the council of the royal burgh of nairn , and for a valuable parliamentary elector a mere transfer to the [wanted] post was very little for a member of parliament to arrange .

On the other hand , it was sometimes difficult to be certain of this , for there were some lairds who took a very unfavourable view of such officers , and there was a danger that a politician who desired to win a friend might make a mortal enemy .
on the other hand , it was sometimes difficult to be certain of this , for there were some lairds who took a very unfavourable view of such officers , and there was a danger that a politician who [wanted] to win a friend might make a mortal enemy .

For some men promotion was eagerly desired , but even a promotion in rank could be distinctly harmful , as John Main discovered when he was drawn into another political conflict in 1752 .
for some men promotion was eagerly [wanted] , but even a promotion in rank could be distinctly harmful , as john main discovered when he was drawn into another political conflict in 1752 .

Sir Robert 's luck was not in on this occasion , however , for Milton had already promised the desired appointment to Cockburn of Clerkington to induce him to lead the opposition in East Lothian to Sir Hew Dalrymple of North Berwick , in order to secure the seat for Andrew Fletcher , younger of Saltoun .
sir robert 's luck was not in on this occasion , however , for milton had already promised the [wanted] appointment to cockburn of clerkington to induce him to lead the opposition in east lothian to sir hew dalrymple of north berwick , in order to secure the seat for andrew fletcher , younger of saltoun .

There are examples of officers whose promotion was clearly desired by their superiors who yet could not be advanced .
there are examples of officers whose promotion was clearly [wanted] by their superiors who yet could not be advanced .

The delay in securing the desired promotion appears to suggest that the Marchmont interest , however influential in Berwickshire , was not particularly effective in London , and there were Scottish politicians who showed themselves better able to redeem promises that had a political importance .
the delay in securing the [wanted] promotion appears to suggest that the marchmont interest , however influential in berwickshire , was not particularly effective in london , and there were scottish politicians who showed themselves better able to redeem promises that had a political importance .

In a county where more than one political interest existed , competition over the post of collector of supply brought many headaches for the politicians , whose desire to support a friendly candidate was tempered by their very real fears of losing the friendship of those who also desired the collectorship .
in a county where more than one political interest existed , competition over the post of collector of supply brought many headaches for the politicians , whose desire to support a friendly candidate was tempered by their very real fears of losing the friendship of those who also [wanted] the collectorship .

The alternative and desired emphasis of policy would be to provide more resources to parents caring for their children at home so that they could do their job better , and to reunite with their parents , wherever possible , those children who have been removed .
the alternative and [wanted] emphasis of policy would be to provide more resources to parents caring for their children at home so that they could do their job better , and to reunite with their parents , wherever possible , those children who have been removed .

The educational achievements of nearly half of all those completing the compulsory school period in the United Kingdom leave a lot to be desired .
the educational achievements of nearly half of all those completing the compulsory school period in the united kingdom leave a lot to be [wanted] .

In 1982 , Lloyd identified those needs and filled the vacuum by providing the first of the clubs that the 1990 's tennis player — and his family — desired .
in 1982 , lloyd identified those needs and filled the vacuum by providing the first of the clubs that the 1990 's tennis player — and his family — [wanted] .

They describe desired states , not how to achieve them .
they describe [wanted] states , not how to achieve them .

Make them to whatever width you care to but it is advisable to divide the desired throw-over width into suitable panels , rather than to find it too narrow and have to add little strips to either side .
make them to whatever width you care to but it is advisable to divide the [wanted] throw-over width into suitable panels , rather than to find it too narrow and have to add little strips to either side .

In presentation something is presented , in judgement something is affirmed or denied , in love loved , in hate hated , in desire desired and so on .
in presentation something is presented , in judgement something is affirmed or denied , in love loved , in hate hated , in desire [wanted] and so on .

Anselm sought papal advice with the ardour of one who desired to obey a father , but his knowledge of papal decisions and of the development of papal policy could scarcely have been more meagre .
anselm sought papal advice with the ardour of one who [wanted] to obey a father , but his knowledge of papal decisions and of the development of papal policy could scarcely have been more meagre .

He had too many disputes on his hands which never produced the results that he desired .
he had too many disputes on his hands which never produced the results that he [wanted] .

There was some reason for his bewilderment , for Anselm does not seem to have desired or expected any practical result from this consultation except a possible release from his archbishopric .
there was some reason for his bewilderment , for anselm does not seem to have [wanted] or expected any practical result from this consultation except a possible release from his archbishopric .

‘ Seek the cloister ’ ; ‘ stay safe in port ’ : these were the precepts which he gave to those who desired true freedom .
‘ seek the cloister ’ ; ‘ stay safe in port ’ : these were the precepts which he gave to those who [wanted] true freedom .

One would think that , after all that time , a movement that really desired increased pensions and had failed , would have changed its tactics … the stronger a movement becomes ‘ institutionally ’ the weaker it becomes as an instrument for the benefit of the people .
one would think that , after all that time , a movement that really [wanted] increased pensions and had failed , would have changed its tactics … the stronger a movement becomes ‘ institutionally ’ the weaker it becomes as an instrument for the benefit of the people .

It reached its present form over a long period of time during which there have been numerous law changes — not all of which have achieved their desired result , as Ian Kirkpatrick , Rutherford 's South African counterpart , was the first to point out .
it reached its present form over a long period of time during which there have been numerous law changes — not all of which have achieved their [wanted] result , as ian kirkpatrick , rutherford 's south african counterpart , was the first to point out .

But the essential conflicts within the Council were not so much between the unevenly matched Assembly and the Committee of Ministers as between national perceptions of the desired shape of Europe .
but the essential conflicts within the council were not so much between the unevenly matched assembly and the committee of ministers as between national perceptions of the [wanted] shape of europe .

None of the three states desired anything that would even smack of supranationalism , and their creation of the Nordic Council emerged as a faint mini-version of the Council of Europe .
none of the three states [wanted] anything that would even smack of supranationalism , and their creation of the nordic council emerged as a faint mini-version of the council of europe .

However , the durability , stylishness and functionality of the present design leaves something to be desired — especially for technical use in the mountains .
however , the durability , stylishness and functionality of the present design leaves something to be [wanted] — especially for technical use in the mountains .

‘ He desired to appeal to the moral feelings of the nation and approved therefore of promoting petitions to parliament ; but he distrusted and disowned the questionable strength which might be gained by systematic agitation .
‘ he [wanted] to appeal to the moral feelings of the nation and approved therefore of promoting petitions to parliament ; but he distrusted and disowned the questionable strength which might be gained by systematic agitation .

Sometimes when fishkeepers are abroad they come across that wonderful fish they have desired for years .
sometimes when fishkeepers are abroad they come across that wonderful fish they have [wanted] for years .

Translating language meanings and obtaining the desired effect , i.e .
translating language meanings and obtaining the [wanted] effect , i.e .

In all cases although the reason for the activity is clear cut the means of achieving the desired end vary widely in terms of the path taken and the time required .
in all cases although the reason for the activity is clear cut the means of achieving the [wanted] end vary widely in terms of the path taken and the time required .

Conversely , the British unions conceived their role within the factory as being basically one of continuing representation of workforce interests on narrow bargaining issues , pressing for objectives which were consciously and explicitly desired by the workers themselves .
conversely , the british unions conceived their role within the factory as being basically one of continuing representation of workforce interests on narrow bargaining issues , pressing for objectives which were consciously and explicitly [wanted] by the workers themselves .

Above all , however , the Laudians disliked the asceticism and astringency of Calvinism , and desired a return to what Laud called ‘ the beauty of holiness ’ .
above all , however , the laudians disliked the asceticism and astringency of calvinism , and [wanted] a return to what laud called ‘ the beauty of holiness ’ .

To Samsonov , all seemed to be proceeding as he most desired , and he , like Rennenkampf before him , with mistaken confidence , began to believe that the enemy were all in retreat to the Vistula .
to samsonov , all seemed to be proceeding as he most [wanted] , and he , like rennenkampf before him , with mistaken confidence , began to believe that the enemy were all in retreat to the vistula .

In the late 1960s , Ceauşescu himself had called for a strengthening of the traditional family , but when that failed to have the desired effect of boosting the birth-rate , the regime reversed its direction from promoting old-fashioned morality as a stimulus to conception .
in the late 1960s , ceauşescu himself had called for a strengthening of the traditional family , but when that failed to have the [wanted] effect of boosting the birth-rate , the regime reversed its direction from promoting old-fashioned morality as a stimulus to conception .

Many politicians and journalists were ignorant about problems in the teaching of grammar and about the status of Standard English , and simply desired to reinstate the disciplines of study typical of schoolrooms in the 1930s .
many politicians and journalists were ignorant about problems in the teaching of grammar and about the status of standard english , and simply [wanted] to reinstate the disciplines of study typical of schoolrooms in the 1930s .

The fact that the passive brings about alterations of word order gives it a special function in writing , because it provides one means by which a writer can link sentences smoothly together and achieve the desired emphasis .
the fact that the passive brings about alterations of word order gives it a special function in writing , because it provides one means by which a writer can link sentences smoothly together and achieve the [wanted] emphasis .

And — an important factor this , in view of the way that we found some commercial lenders now tend to make repetitive and cumulative borrowing almost an end in itself , rather than simply the means of funding one desired purchase — the union has no interest in persuading its members to borrow .
and — an important factor this , in view of the way that we found some commercial lenders now tend to make repetitive and cumulative borrowing almost an end in itself , rather than simply the means of funding one [wanted] purchase — the union has no interest in persuading its members to borrow .

so that she desired herself alone in order to become androgynous .
so that she [wanted] herself alone in order to become androgynous .

If you require opaque colour , a small amount of white will achieve the desired effect .
if you require opaque colour , a small amount of white will achieve the [wanted] effect .

Here was the desired nexus between popular politics and popular culture , between politics and trade .
here was the [wanted] nexus between popular politics and popular culture , between politics and trade .

She was beset by the realization that she desired nothing more than to go to the Hall as Anne Mowbray 's companion .
she was beset by the realization that she [wanted] nothing more than to go to the hall as anne mowbray 's companion .

We could refurbish it and it would remain your property , a place of your own to go to whenever you so desired .
we could refurbish it and it would remain your property , a place of your own to go to whenever you so [wanted] .

She recognized then that she desired it so — that she would , if she could , make it so .
she recognized then that she [wanted] it so — that she would , if she could , make it so .

After two or three fairly neutral coloured inks had been used for the printing — say , brown for the foreground and blue for the sky and more distant scenery — the finishing was by hand , and washes of great subtlety and precision were laid on to give the desired effects .
after two or three fairly neutral coloured inks had been used for the printing — say , brown for the foreground and blue for the sky and more distant scenery — the finishing was by hand , and washes of great subtlety and precision were laid on to give the [wanted] effects .

Here the argument is rather different ; Durkheim argues that , if it is desired to penetrate and isolate the quintessential features of religion , then the best way of proceeding is to examine religion in its most primitive ( earliest ) , purest , and most elemental form .
here the argument is rather different ; durkheim argues that , if it is [wanted] to penetrate and isolate the quintessential features of religion , then the best way of proceeding is to examine religion in its most primitive ( earliest ) , purest , and most elemental form .

And even if this does not enable the desired result to be obtained convincingly , there are further possible ploys which are readily available .
and even if this does not enable the [wanted] result to be obtained convincingly , there are further possible ploys which are readily available .

The Disabled Persons Act 1986 enshrined the new principles , though without providing funds for the advocacy arrangements desired .
the disabled persons act 1986 enshrined the new principles , though without providing funds for the advocacy arrangements [wanted] .

Nevertheless , it was a defiant stand which was to be admired even if the final outcome did not bring about the desired result . Ability apart , if such determination should only result in defeat , then what price the victor 's clarion call ?
nevertheless , it was a defiant stand which was to be admired even if the final outcome did not bring about the [wanted] result . ability apart , if such determination should only result in defeat , then what price the victor 's clarion call ?

Again , plenty of praise at this stage will help to reinforce the desired response .
again , plenty of praise at this stage will help to reinforce the [wanted] response .

Again , it will be much easier to achieve the desired response with a young puppy .
again , it will be much easier to achieve the [wanted] response with a young puppy .

The exploration will revolve around the systematic development in youngsters of the desired , and contrasting , characteristics the two valuations entail .
the exploration will revolve around the systematic development in youngsters of the [wanted] , and contrasting , characteristics the two valuations entail .

The disciplined regular army desired by Prieto and , of course , by the Communists was brought into being , and in the process competent commanders were discovered : men like Vicente Rojo , chief-of-staff from November 1936 ; Miaja , the ‘ saviour of Madrid ’ ; the Communists Modesto , Lister and Valentín González ‘ El Campesino ’ ; and the anarchist Cipriano Mera .
the disciplined regular army [wanted] by prieto and , of course , by the communists was brought into being , and in the process competent commanders were discovered : men like vicente rojo , chief-of-staff from november 1936 ; miaja , the ‘ saviour of madrid ’ ; the communists modesto , lister and valentín gonzález ‘ el campesino ’ ; and the anarchist cipriano mera .

The desired result was the obliteration ad extremum fetum , down to the last foetus , of the entire entrenched Sagramaso clan , hereditary rulers of Karkason .
the [wanted] result was the obliteration ad extremum fetum , down to the last foetus , of the entire entrenched sagramaso clan , hereditary rulers of karkason .

Any quality assurance programme should encompass the concepts of effectiveness in achieving the benefits desired and efficiency in reaching and giving priority to the people for whom the service is intended ; it is also important to ensure that money is spent effectively and not expended on other less important areas of need .
any quality assurance programme should encompass the concepts of effectiveness in achieving the benefits [wanted] and efficiency in reaching and giving priority to the people for whom the service is intended ; it is also important to ensure that money is spent effectively and not expended on other less important areas of need .

When local authorities do not own the necessary land , and frontages of adjoining property are involved whose owners refuse to sell , the developer may be willing to pay , but be unable to achieve the desired improvements .
when local authorities do not own the necessary land , and frontages of adjoining property are involved whose owners refuse to sell , the developer may be willing to pay , but be unable to achieve the [wanted] improvements .

— After the end of the reaction period , the hair should be rinsed well and in depth before starting on the desired hair-do .
— after the end of the reaction period , the hair should be rinsed well and in depth before starting on the [wanted] hair-do .

— The hair is styled and combed as usual and in the desired fashion and the result is ideal and marvellous .
— the hair is styled and combed as usual and in the [wanted] fashion and the result is ideal and marvellous .

And one of the most important functions of information dynamics is precisely to link a sentence to its environment in a manner which allows the information to flow through the text in the desired manner .
and one of the most important functions of information dynamics is precisely to link a sentence to its environment in a manner which allows the information to flow through the text in the [wanted] manner .

There truly seemed to be nothing she really desired .
there truly seemed to be nothing she really [wanted] .

These severe measures did not always produce the desired results .
these severe measures did not always produce the [wanted] results .

In other parts of the world there have been cases where it was desired to combine a system of local independent governments with a unifying central administration which would provide strength especially for foreign affairs and defence .
in other parts of the world there have been cases where it was [wanted] to combine a system of local independent governments with a unifying central administration which would provide strength especially for foreign affairs and defence .

Four centres were opened in Great Britain and , fulfilling the international element so desired by Leonard , one in Germany .
four centres were opened in great britain and , fulfilling the international element so [wanted] by leonard , one in germany .

It appeared to me that the quest for publicity could do nothing but harm , so long as we were certain , as indeed we made sure , that all the disabled knew of the facility and used it if they so desired .
it appeared to me that the quest for publicity could do nothing but harm , so long as we were certain , as indeed we made sure , that all the disabled knew of the facility and used it if they so [wanted] .

He had desired to go to his homesite just once , not because he expected his parents to greet him with pleasure — he knew they would long ago have forgotten him in the act of rearing many other young even if they were still alive — but because it was there he had first been caught .
he had [wanted] to go to his homesite just once , not because he expected his parents to greet him with pleasure — he knew they would long ago have forgotten him in the act of rearing many other young even if they were still alive — but because it was there he had first been caught .

As was indicated at the beginning of this book , many newcomers hold strong views on the desired social and aesthetic qualities of the English village .
as was indicated at the beginning of this book , many newcomers hold strong views on the [wanted] social and aesthetic qualities of the english village .

It follows that changes to the legal framework that are deemed necessary to encourage or induce the desired behaviour should be viewed as permissible even though a substantial curtailment of shareholder rights may be involved .
it follows that changes to the legal framework that are deemed necessary to encourage or induce the [wanted] behaviour should be viewed as permissible even though a substantial curtailment of shareholder rights may be involved .

She knew he wanted her as much as she desired him .
she knew he wanted her as much as she [wanted] him .

She wondered what made him think she desired a flogging .
she wondered what made him think she [wanted] a flogging .

It is possible to process the records in a directly organized file either directly , using the keys in any desired order , or serially , taking the records in the order they are stored and ignoring their keys .
it is possible to process the records in a directly organized file either directly , using the keys in any [wanted] order , or serially , taking the records in the order they are stored and ignoring their keys .

Unless the records are stored singly there is no corresponding improvement in speed of finding the desired record , because the access comb will reach the track at a point decided by chance , and there will be an average delay of at least half a revolution before the start of the record is reached .
unless the records are stored singly there is no corresponding improvement in speed of finding the [wanted] record , because the access comb will reach the track at a point decided by chance , and there will be an average delay of at least half a revolution before the start of the record is reached .

The chain is followed until the desired record is located or the end of the chain is reached .
the chain is followed until the [wanted] record is located or the end of the chain is reached .

Either of these cases may give the appearance that no home record exists for this address , and this situation will thus cause a ‘ no record found ’ error to be given , even though the desired record is in the file .
either of these cases may give the appearance that no home record exists for this address , and this situation will thus cause a ‘ no record found ’ error to be given , even though the [wanted] record is in the file .

This means that , on average , half a revolution of the device is necessary before the desired entry is found .
this means that , on average , half a revolution of the device is necessary before the [wanted] entry is found .

When the desired entry is not on that track , these search figures become a full revolution and one-and-a-half revolutions respectively before it is clear that the record is not on the track , and the search must continue on a further track .
when the [wanted] entry is not on that track , these search figures become a full revolution and one-and-a-half revolutions respectively before it is clear that the record is not on the track , and the search must continue on a further track .

Generally , a combination of words or phrases is used as descriptors that can be combined to select the desired record .
generally , a combination of words or phrases is used as descriptors that can be combined to select the [wanted] record .

Because only one record is examined at a time , it is possible to test the descriptors against very complex Boolean conditions , expressed in terms of the descriptors desired by the user , to obtain a match .
because only one record is examined at a time , it is possible to test the descriptors against very complex boolean conditions , expressed in terms of the descriptors [wanted] by the user , to obtain a match .

Perhaps because after an almost fatal spasm , Coleridge thought his marriage was now bearable — although on this eight-day storming and often precipitous walk around the mountains and lakes he was to write a passionate letter to the woman he desired as his mistress while perched on the highest mountain in England .
perhaps because after an almost fatal spasm , coleridge thought his marriage was now bearable — although on this eight-day storming and often precipitous walk around the mountains and lakes he was to write a passionate letter to the woman he [wanted] as his mistress while perched on the highest mountain in england .

That Nkrumah still desired friendship with Britain was demonstrated by his ardent wish for a visit by Queen Elizabeth .
that nkrumah still [wanted] friendship with britain was demonstrated by his ardent wish for a visit by queen elizabeth .

Moreover , areas of high unemployment do not necessarily have the factories to make the desired goods .
moreover , areas of high unemployment do not necessarily have the factories to make the [wanted] goods .

Undertaking transformational change also necessitates re-examining the organization 's mission and creating a vision or desired future state as well as the strategies by which the organization can move toward that vision .
undertaking transformational change also necessitates re-examining the organization 's mission and creating a vision or [wanted] future state as well as the strategies by which the organization can move toward that vision .

For example , van Dijk ( 1983 ) distinguishes between ‘ the effective expression of semantic macrostructures ( themes ) ’ and the ‘ interactional and social goal ’ of creating the desired impression in the hearer .
for example , van dijk ( 1983 ) distinguishes between ‘ the effective expression of semantic macrostructures ( themes ) ’ and the ‘ interactional and social goal ’ of creating the [wanted] impression in the hearer .

Social psychologists have conducted thousands of studies about stereotypes of outgroups or desired social distance from outgroup members , etc .
social psychologists have conducted thousands of studies about stereotypes of outgroups or [wanted] social distance from outgroup members , etc .

This anxiety is primarily associated with the infant 's ambivalent perception of the breast , which is the major source of satisfaction and of benign feelings , but , because it is not always available when desired , it is also the major source of frustration .
this anxiety is primarily associated with the infant 's ambivalent perception of the breast , which is the major source of satisfaction and of benign feelings , but , because it is not always available when [wanted] , it is also the major source of frustration .

They also desired to emulate that other class for whom time and birth had provided legitimacy , and for whom wealth appeared as a natural attribute rather than a possibly transient accretion .
they also [wanted] to emulate that other class for whom time and birth had provided legitimacy , and for whom wealth appeared as a natural attribute rather than a possibly transient accretion .

Effectiveness : ensuring that the output from any given activity is achieving the desired results .
effectiveness : ensuring that the output from any given activity is achieving the [wanted] results .

The possible alternative programmes which may be used to fulfil the desired objectives are compared based on the effectiveness of each in achieving the organisational objectives .
the possible alternative programmes which may be used to fulfil the [wanted] objectives are compared based on the effectiveness of each in achieving the organisational objectives .

Assessing the effectiveness of a programme in achieving a desired level of results is the newest and most difficult area of work that the auditor has to adapt to .
assessing the effectiveness of a programme in achieving a [wanted] level of results is the newest and most difficult area of work that the auditor has to adapt to .

Most writings seem to agree that leadership vision , or ‘ visioning ’ , as the process has sometimes been called , can be broken down into three distinct stages : ( 1 ) the envisioning of ‘ an image of a desired future organizational state ’ ( Bass , 1987 : 51 ) which ( 2 ) when effectively articulated and communicated to followers ( Bennis and Nanus , 1985 ; Tichy and Devanna , 1986 ; Gluck , 1984 ) serves ( 3 ) to empower those followers so that they can enact the vision ( Sashkin , 1987 ; Srivastva , 1983 ; Conger and Kanungo , 1987 ; Robbins and Duncan , 1987 ) .
most writings seem to agree that leadership vision , or ‘ visioning ’ , as the process has sometimes been called , can be broken down into three distinct stages : ( 1 ) the envisioning of ‘ an image of a [wanted] future organizational state ’ ( bass , 1987 : 51 ) which ( 2 ) when effectively articulated and communicated to followers ( bennis and nanus , 1985 ; tichy and devanna , 1986 ; gluck , 1984 ) serves ( 3 ) to empower those followers so that they can enact the vision ( sashkin , 1987 ; srivastva , 1983 ; conger and kanungo , 1987 ; robbins and duncan , 1987 ) .

The amount of technical risk involved depends upon the size and complexity of the desired advance .
the amount of technical risk involved depends upon the size and complexity of the [wanted] advance .

The new powerful groups may perceive the existing arrangements as limiting their abilities to achieve their desired ends , and lead them to demand change .
the new powerful groups may perceive the existing arrangements as limiting their abilities to achieve their [wanted] ends , and lead them to demand change .

The Dukeries field was ( and still is in many respects ) different from many others on all three of the components of a place , as illustrated not only by Sunley 's arguments ( following Krieger and others ) regarding the different social relations at the workplace , but also Waller 's ( 1983 , p. 235 ) that whereas the Dukeries villages were praised for many of their design aspects , ‘ the social and political institutions of the miners in the new South Yorkshire villages left much to be desired compared with traditional and long-established coalfields ’ .
the dukeries field was ( and still is in many respects ) different from many others on all three of the components of a place , as illustrated not only by sunley 's arguments ( following krieger and others ) regarding the different social relations at the workplace , but also waller 's ( 1983 , p. 235 ) that whereas the dukeries villages were praised for many of their design aspects , ‘ the social and political institutions of the miners in the new south yorkshire villages left much to be [wanted] compared with traditional and long-established coalfields ’ .

Other purely grammatical criteria may be suggested , but none seem capable of guaranteeing the desired results .
other purely grammatical criteria may be suggested , but none seem capable of guaranteeing the [wanted] results .

This initial investigation and the subsequent discussion ( which we will come to shortly ) obviously had the desired effect because the follow-up urging the development of curriculum policies at local level showed movement on these issues .
this initial investigation and the subsequent discussion ( which we will come to shortly ) obviously had the [wanted] effect because the follow-up urging the development of curriculum policies at local level showed movement on these issues .

The degree to which the work of faculties/departments overlapped , and the extent to which co-operation was desired .
the degree to which the work of faculties/departments overlapped , and the extent to which co-operation was [wanted] .

In this way they achieve the desired effect of both showing off their street fighting skills and justifying their moral commitment to racism , while positioning me , alongside their parents and girl friends as admiring spectators of their ‘ protection racket ’ .
in this way they achieve the [wanted] effect of both showing off their street fighting skills and justifying their moral commitment to racism , while positioning me , alongside their parents and girl friends as admiring spectators of their ‘ protection racket ’ .

Wilson , whose own competence left something to be desired but who had learned from experience , had already centralised the finances which he had accused branches of the old union of frittering away .
wilson , whose own competence left something to be [wanted] but who had learned from experience , had already centralised the finances which he had accused branches of the old union of frittering away .

By 1920 , in the establishment of the peacetime National Maritime Board , Wilson had achieved everything which he had ever expected or desired in the building of relationships with the employers .
by 1920 , in the establishment of the peacetime national maritime board , wilson had achieved everything which he had ever expected or [wanted] in the building of relationships with the employers .

The inability to compete on salary terms , which creates staff shortages for certain organisations , is compounded in many cases by an inability to offer sufficiently satisfying work to attract labour with the skills that are desired .
the inability to compete on salary terms , which creates staff shortages for certain organisations , is compounded in many cases by an inability to offer sufficiently satisfying work to attract labour with the skills that are [wanted] .

Several mentioned that in recent years the rate of voluntary leaving had decreased so that they were no longer able to rely upon increasing or slowing down the rate of recruitment to maintain their labour forces at the desired level .
several mentioned that in recent years the rate of voluntary leaving had decreased so that they were no longer able to rely upon increasing or slowing down the rate of recruitment to maintain their labour forces at the [wanted] level .

When the blacksmith decides to make some new tongs for himself , he may just look around for suitable pieces of scrap which he will then fashion into the desired tools .
when the blacksmith decides to make some new tongs for himself , he may just look around for suitable pieces of scrap which he will then fashion into the [wanted] tools .

Whilst the desired output and constraints can be specified in both the secondary and tertiary activities , it is extremely difficult at times to specify the form of the output required in the primary stage and even more difficult to attempt to quantify it .
whilst the [wanted] output and constraints can be specified in both the secondary and tertiary activities , it is extremely difficult at times to specify the form of the output required in the primary stage and even more difficult to attempt to quantify it .

On the other hand , if two components are to relate in some way to provide a desired function , it must take place in an intersection zone ( which includes touching areas — zones of zero depth or wholly inserted spaces ) .
on the other hand , if two components are to relate in some way to provide a [wanted] function , it must take place in an intersection zone ( which includes touching areas — zones of zero depth or wholly inserted spaces ) .

The procedure thus adopted is one of first checking the spatial relationships in the orthogonal reference space and , if not as desired , moving down to a local containing domain before the uncertainty is reported .
the procedure thus adopted is one of first checking the spatial relationships in the orthogonal reference space and , if not as [wanted] , moving down to a local containing domain before the uncertainty is reported .

Correct clearance between these entities can be established and checked against the desired relationships .
correct clearance between these entities can be established and checked against the [wanted] relationships .

The control of the design process , in terms of functionality , is thus dependent first on establishing that the parts associate with each other and second that this association provides the desired function .
the control of the design process , in terms of functionality , is thus dependent first on establishing that the parts associate with each other and second that this association provides the [wanted] function .

The first step in the process of design can therefore be performed by describing the association of named spaces in order to achieve a desired function .
the first step in the process of design can therefore be performed by describing the association of named spaces in order to achieve a [wanted] function .

The chosen design of an individual gear is seen to be successful only if it not only meshes with the next gear in the train but also contributes to the selection of the desired gearbox ratios .
the chosen design of an individual gear is seen to be successful only if it not only meshes with the next gear in the train but also contributes to the selection of the [wanted] gearbox ratios .

This chapter explores the possibility of defining these assembly relationships in such ways as to provide a desired function .
this chapter explores the possibility of defining these assembly relationships in such ways as to provide a [wanted] function .

There is no `` black box `` which can be used to provide any desired output motion from a specified input .
there is no `` black box `` which can be used to provide any [wanted] output motion from a specified input .

The success of the kinematics approach thus depends on an ability to define the geometric arrangement of the physical system at desired positions in space .
the success of the kinematics approach thus depends on an ability to define the geometric arrangement of the physical system at [wanted] positions in space .

The first approach was to insert each component , at each frame , into a reference space and manipulate them to generate the desired assembly ( shown conceptually in Figure 7.2 ) .
the first approach was to insert each component , at each frame , into a reference space and manipulate them to generate the [wanted] assembly ( shown conceptually in figure 7.2 ) .

The kinematic programs allow these functions to be combined , modified , and factorized , to provide the designer with any design parameter desired .
the kinematic programs allow these functions to be combined , modified , and factorized , to provide the designer with any design parameter [wanted] .

The error between the end point of the assembly and its desired ground point position is then calculated .
the error between the end point of the assembly and its [wanted] ground point position is then calculated .

Marking texts and comparing one textbook with another are active techniques , and in study it is active techniques that produce the desired results .
marking texts and comparing one textbook with another are active techniques , and in study it is active techniques that produce the [wanted] results .

He had been able to appear `` normal `` because he was abnormal , he was an outsider , he was mad , he saw and desired normality with a piercing vision of what it might ideally be thought to be .
he had been able to appear `` normal `` because he was abnormal , he was an outsider , he was mad , he saw and [wanted] normality with a piercing vision of what it might ideally be thought to be .

His children had been lectured on the folly of the Virgin Birth , the slenderness of evidence for shepherds , star or stable , with the intensity of Strauss or Renan , as though ascertainable historical truth was a freedom he passionately desired for his children .
his children had been lectured on the folly of the virgin birth , the slenderness of evidence for shepherds , star or stable , with the intensity of strauss or renan , as though ascertainable historical truth was a freedom he passionately [wanted] for his children .

So she gave up , and sat between the vines in the hot sun , alternately sleeping and working her way through the dusty volumes of Peregrine Pickle , bound in crimson and gold leather , with real bookworms making agitated forays from their dark crannies into the heat and light across the extraordinary scenes where Smollett 's elderly ladies retained their urine indefinitely to put out putative fires , or sweetened their foul breaths with violet cachous to deceive desired young lovers .
so she gave up , and sat between the vines in the hot sun , alternately sleeping and working her way through the dusty volumes of peregrine pickle , bound in crimson and gold leather , with real bookworms making agitated forays from their dark crannies into the heat and light across the extraordinary scenes where smollett 's elderly ladies retained their urine indefinitely to put out putative fires , or sweetened their foul breaths with violet cachous to deceive [wanted] young lovers .

These images had what Alexander desired for his own work and did not have : authority .
these images had what alexander [wanted] for his own work and did not have : authority .

There had been a time when he had been with the then desired Jenny in the back of a car on the moor at Goathland .
there had been a time when he had been with the then [wanted] jenny in the back of a car on the moor at goathland .

4.16 ( d ) , where the boundary moves with the rotating disc , the both flux linkage and flux cutting make sense and lead to the desired result .
4.16 ( d ) , where the boundary moves with the rotating disc , the both flux linkage and flux cutting make sense and lead to the [wanted] result .

It is desired to maximize the ratio ( F/weight of ring ) , and for this purpose it is necessary to decide whether for any given geometry it is better to make the ring of copper or of aluminium .
it is [wanted] to maximize the ratio ( f/weight of ring ) , and for this purpose it is necessary to decide whether for any given geometry it is better to make the ring of copper or of aluminium .

Strain the tea and add sugar or honey if desired .
strain the tea and add sugar or honey if [wanted] .

All meat , including lamb , beef , pork and game , and offal , such as liver , kidneys , sweetbreads and hearts , can be eaten if desired .
all meat , including lamb , beef , pork and game , and offal , such as liver , kidneys , sweetbreads and hearts , can be eaten if [wanted] .

Leaving this setting and changing to a role where qualitative evaluation is more relevant and personal effectiveness in bringing about the desired changes can be more easily assessed can be stressful .
leaving this setting and changing to a role where qualitative evaluation is more relevant and personal effectiveness in bringing about the [wanted] changes can be more easily assessed can be stressful .

Liz wanted to get on to the exciting bits , in which Job demanded why light was given to him that was in misery , and life to the bitter in soul : in which Job desired to argue with his God : in which the Lord answered Job out of the whirlwind : but she knew it would be cheating to miss out the she-asses and skip to the livelier parts , so she plodded dully on with the dull narrative .
liz wanted to get on to the exciting bits , in which job demanded why light was given to him that was in misery , and life to the bitter in soul : in which job [wanted] to argue with his god : in which the lord answered job out of the whirlwind : but she knew it would be cheating to miss out the she-asses and skip to the livelier parts , so she plodded dully on with the dull narrative .

Mobility therefore relates to people 's ability to move and to reach desired goals .
mobility therefore relates to people 's ability to move and to reach [wanted] goals .

It will not be desired to find all people who absent themselves without leave .
it will not be [wanted] to find all people who absent themselves without leave .

First , the banal but important point that things were not that bad over the 1960s for the mass of the electorate , so that those Labour voters who had neither expected not desired revolutionary socialism had no real reason to feel betrayed .
first , the banal but important point that things were not that bad over the 1960s for the mass of the electorate , so that those labour voters who had neither expected not [wanted] revolutionary socialism had no real reason to feel betrayed .

Rumours of this purpose account for the early popularity of the French ; they had come to support the ‘ Desired One ’ .
rumours of this purpose account for the early popularity of the french ; they had come to support the ‘ [wanted] one ’ .

True , the global figures advanced by Soviet historians to plot the graph of peasant disorders leave much to be desired .
true , the global figures advanced by soviet historians to plot the graph of peasant disorders leave much to be [wanted] .

Equally , hostility towards peasants who had left the commune came not from a proletarianized peasantry presaging a movement beyond capitalism to socialized large-scale farming , but from ‘ traditional ’ households who desired a redistribution of the land amassed by their more successful neighbours .
equally , hostility towards peasants who had left the commune came not from a proletarianized peasantry presaging a movement beyond capitalism to socialized large-scale farming , but from ‘ traditional ’ households who [wanted] a redistribution of the land amassed by their more successful neighbours .

( For if we could achieve the desired reductive consequences by framing an innocent person , and if these effects are all that is needed to justify punishment , what is wrong with punishing the innocent ? )
( for if we could achieve the [wanted] reductive consequences by framing an innocent person , and if these effects are all that is needed to justify punishment , what is wrong with punishing the innocent ? )

For the ‘ principle of parsimony ’ applies as much to our forward-looking human rights theory as it does to utilitarianism : offenders have a right not to have their freedom gratuitously diminished to a degree greater than is necessary to produce the desired reductivist results .
for the ‘ principle of parsimony ’ applies as much to our forward-looking human rights theory as it does to utilitarianism : offenders have a right not to have their freedom gratuitously diminished to a degree greater than is necessary to produce the [wanted] reductivist results .

The latter sent material aid , the former attempted to mediate between the Serbs and the Turks in order to win by negotiation the reforms which the Serbs desired — a degree of autonomy and the restoration of Selim 's reforms of 1783 .
the latter sent material aid , the former attempted to mediate between the serbs and the turks in order to win by negotiation the reforms which the serbs [wanted] — a degree of autonomy and the restoration of selim 's reforms of 1783 .

He had no idea why House Andreeyev desired his death , and in any case it no longer seemed to matter .
he had no idea why house andreeyev [wanted] his death , and in any case it no longer seemed to matter .

He had worshipped her , adored her , and even in his dreams , he had desired her .
he had worshipped her , adored her , and even in his dreams , he had [wanted] her .

To defy convention , surrender her virginity , to a man she neither loved nor desired must be quite out of the question .
to defy convention , surrender her virginity , to a man she neither loved nor [wanted] must be quite out of the question .

No party presents the electorate with explicit choices between widely desired ends ; they generally seek to convince it that they can bring a little more of everything that is wanted .
no party presents the electorate with explicit choices between widely [wanted] ends ; they generally seek to convince it that they can bring a little more of everything that is wanted .

First , the discussion of policy making in the later part of the last chapter suggested that many new initiatives stem from the recognition that older policies are failing to meet desired goals .
first , the discussion of policy making in the later part of the last chapter suggested that many new initiatives stem from the recognition that older policies are failing to meet [wanted] goals .

However , several women who received no benefits also registered , although the majority in this position did not , because they desired to be self-sufficient and free from official agencies .
however , several women who received no benefits also registered , although the majority in this position did not , because they [wanted] to be self-sufficient and free from official agencies .

This study has shown that child psychiatrists have some special requirements for referral letters , but they are unlikely to obtain the desired information unless they educate general practitioners .
this study has shown that child psychiatrists have some special requirements for referral letters , but they are unlikely to obtain the [wanted] information unless they educate general practitioners .

30–3–1884 Alex McLeod , Lightkeeper , Rhuvaal Lighthouse stated that he had fallen into the sin of fornication but he desired the privilege of baptism of his child .
30–3–1884 alex mcleod , lightkeeper , rhuvaal lighthouse stated that he had fallen into the sin of fornication but he [wanted] the privilege of baptism of his child .

1–3–1859 The Convener read the following letter from Claud McFie Esquire with reference to a donation of £400 which he had given to the Aged and Infirm Ministers ' Fund and a like sum to the Supplementary Sustentation Fund and in reference to which he reserved power to demand the interest during his life ; that he was anxious to promote the prosperity of the new Church of Bowmore in Islay , and now desired to appropriate the interest of the latter sum for five years , for that charge , and on this being complied with he gave up for that period his claim for the interest of the former sum , viz £400 , to the Aged and Infirm Ministers ' Fund .
1–3–1859 the convener read the following letter from claud mcfie esquire with reference to a donation of £400 which he had given to the aged and infirm ministers ' fund and a like sum to the supplementary sustentation fund and in reference to which he reserved power to demand the interest during his life ; that he was anxious to promote the prosperity of the new church of bowmore in islay , and now [wanted] to appropriate the interest of the latter sum for five years , for that charge , and on this being complied with he gave up for that period his claim for the interest of the former sum , viz £400 , to the aged and infirm ministers ' fund .

Secondly ( as was pointed out by Russell , among others ) , even if it were true that the number of basic entities was finite , the proposed analysis still would not yield the desired result .
secondly ( as was pointed out by russell , among others ) , even if it were true that the number of basic entities was finite , the proposed analysis still would not yield the [wanted] result .

It is merely a statement about the desired results of the advertising , in terms of what the advertising is to communicate .
it is merely a statement about the [wanted] results of the advertising , in terms of what the advertising is to communicate .

Different agencies use different methods for actually setting down strategies , but an increasing proportion insist on using ‘ consumer language ’ , expressed in terms of the intended or desired reactions or responses to the advertising .
different agencies use different methods for actually setting down strategies , but an increasing proportion insist on using ‘ consumer language ’ , expressed in terms of the intended or [wanted] reactions or responses to the advertising .

Most managers are happier with numbers and measurements than qualitative judgements , and there is , certainly , some risk that a small-scale piece of research will turn out to have been done on a sample of people who are rather atypical of the desired target audience as a whole .
most managers are happier with numbers and measurements than qualitative judgements , and there is , certainly , some risk that a small-scale piece of research will turn out to have been done on a sample of people who are rather atypical of the [wanted] target audience as a whole .

Grading is the technical process of ensuring that the colour tones of each sequence in the film go accurately together to produce the desired effect .
grading is the technical process of ensuring that the colour tones of each sequence in the film go accurately together to produce the [wanted] effect .

Searching consists of trying to find a way to change the present state of affairs into some desired state .
searching consists of trying to find a way to change the present state of affairs into some [wanted] state .

This desired state is called a goal state .
this [wanted] state is called a goal state .

There may be more than one joint setting which brings the gripper to a desired point . The relation
there may be more than one joint setting which brings the gripper to a [wanted] point . the relation

Suppose the node 's actual output is y . If this node is in the top layer , and its desired output is d , then diff = y * ( 1-y ) * ( d-y )
suppose the node 's actual output is y . if this node is in the top layer , and its [wanted] output is d , then diff = y * ( 1-y ) * ( d-y )

It can not be exactly the algorithm given above because the desired outputs d from the top layer are not known , so it can not calculate y * ( 1-y ) * ( d-y ) .
it can not be exactly the algorithm given above because the [wanted] outputs d from the top layer are not known , so it can not calculate y * ( 1-y ) * ( d-y ) .

The desired torque on this motor does not depend much on the settings of the elbow and the shoulder .
the [wanted] torque on this motor does not depend much on the settings of the elbow and the shoulder .

While it runs , make the input on the visible units jump between the various desired settings .
while it runs , make the input on the visible units jump between the various [wanted] settings .

The logic behind this rule is that if si and sj are switched on together more frequently in the desired state than while the machine is free , then we want them to correlate more ; so we increase the weight of the link between them .
the logic behind this rule is that if si and sj are switched on together more frequently in the [wanted] state than while the machine is free , then we want them to correlate more ; so we increase the weight of the link between them .

‘ The coercion may of course be of different kinds , it may be in the grossest form , such as actual confinement or violence , or a person in the last days or hours of life may have become so weak and feeble , that a very little pressure will be sufficient to bring about the desired result , and it may even be , that the mere talking to him at that stage of illness and pressing something upon him may so fatigue the brain , that the sick person may be induced , for quietness ' sake , to do anything .
‘ the coercion may of course be of different kinds , it may be in the grossest form , such as actual confinement or violence , or a person in the last days or hours of life may have become so weak and feeble , that a very little pressure will be sufficient to bring about the [wanted] result , and it may even be , that the mere talking to him at that stage of illness and pressing something upon him may so fatigue the brain , that the sick person may be induced , for quietness ' sake , to do anything .

Nor had she any means of forming an independent judgment even if she had desired to do so .
nor had she any means of forming an independent judgment even if she had [wanted] to do so .

If they desired that the should stay and that the crown should retain the powers given to it by the constitution he should be informed .
if they [wanted] that the should stay and that the crown should retain the powers given to it by the constitution he should be informed .

When family members , or other people close to the sufferer attempt to give feedback it may be resented and resisted by the reactivated denial system and lead to the opposite of the desired effect .
when family members , or other people close to the sufferer attempt to give feedback it may be resented and resisted by the reactivated denial system and lead to the opposite of the [wanted] effect .

In particular , one may need help to see that caretaking for other people , protecting them from damaging consequences and also doing everything one can to `` help `` , may be having the exact opposite of the desired effect .
in particular , one may need help to see that caretaking for other people , protecting them from damaging consequences and also doing everything one can to `` help `` , may be having the exact opposite of the [wanted] effect .

( 2 ) In relation to each application for a new licence , the list mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above shall specify the name , designation and address of the applicant ; in the case of an application to which section 11 of this Act applies , the names , designations and addresses of both persons named in the application ; the address of the premises in respect of which the licence in desired ; the type of licence for which application is made ; the first day of the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered .
( 2 ) in relation to each application for a new licence , the list mentioned in subsection ( 1 ) above shall specify the name , designation and address of the applicant ; in the case of an application to which section 11 of this act applies , the names , designations and addresses of both persons named in the application ; the address of the premises in respect of which the licence in [wanted] ; the type of licence for which application is made ; the first day of the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered .

If so desired , there seems no reason why the applicant , instead of applying under this subsection .
if so [wanted] , there seems no reason why the applicant , instead of applying under this subsection .

Having set up a certain attitude and a certain power , you must check , by scanning your flight instruments , that the desired performance is being achieved , and also that it is being maintained .
having set up a certain attitude and a certain power , you must check , by scanning your flight instruments , that the [wanted] performance is being achieved , and also that it is being maintained .

Since any desired performance is achieved by a combination of attitude and power , it is necessary to know what effect certain attitude and power changes will have on the performance of the aircraft .
since any [wanted] performance is achieved by a combination of attitude and power , it is necessary to know what effect certain attitude and power changes will have on the performance of the aircraft .

Climbing at 600 ft/min to level at 4000 ft , lower the nose to the level attitudes at 3940 ft , just 60 ft before reaching the desired 4000 ft .
climbing at 600 ft/min to level at 4000 ft , lower the nose to the level attitudes at 3940 ft , just 60 ft before reaching the [wanted] 4000 ft .

Descending at 600 ft/min , start to level at 20% of your rate of descent 120 ft before reaching your desired height .
descending at 600 ft/min , start to level at 20% of your rate of descent 120 ft before reaching your [wanted] height .

In instrument flight procedures you must be able to produce any desired performance by knowing the attitude/power requirement .
in instrument flight procedures you must be able to produce any [wanted] performance by knowing the attitude/power requirement .

The diagrams which follow show the instruments which are selected and used for the desired performance .
the diagrams which follow show the instruments which are selected and used for the [wanted] performance .

The Altimeter brought into the scan when the altitude nears the desired figure — Scan diagram 3
the altimeter brought into the scan when the altitude nears the [wanted] figure — scan diagram 3

Stabilise a desired performance , and bring the aircraft back to the required Altitude/Flight Level .
stabilise a [wanted] performance , and bring the aircraft back to the required altitude/flight level .

Corrections — or interceptions by another name — are usually twice the number of degrees that you are off the desired track .
corrections — or interceptions by another name — are usually twice the number of degrees that you are off the [wanted] track .

The correction is applied to the desired track .
the correction is applied to the [wanted] track .

In general , as already described , corrections will be twice the number of degrees that the aircraft is off the desired track .
in general , as already described , corrections will be twice the number of degrees that the aircraft is off the [wanted] track .

Then plan to increase this rate to make sure of reaching the final approach point at the desired height .
then plan to increase this rate to make sure of reaching the final approach point at the [wanted] height .

During the final descent , check the loss of height in half-minute intervals to ensure that the desired descent rate is being maintained .
during the final descent , check the loss of height in half-minute intervals to ensure that the [wanted] descent rate is being maintained .

To select a track to fly , simply turn the knob until the desired track bearing is against the index on the omni-bearing scale .
to select a track to fly , simply turn the knob until the [wanted] track bearing is against the index on the omni-bearing scale .

Turn parallel to the desired track .
turn parallel to the [wanted] track .

Turn parallel to the desired track .
turn parallel to the [wanted] track .

In Britain , the political system is grounded in a fundamental consensus as to the desired ends of public policy and the means to attain them , and so the rules of the interest group game are set by society to ensure `` fair play `` and free access for all legitimate interests that want the ear of government .
in britain , the political system is grounded in a fundamental consensus as to the [wanted] ends of public policy and the means to attain them , and so the rules of the interest group game are set by society to ensure `` fair play `` and free access for all legitimate interests that want the ear of government .

However , the concern to increase intra-party democracy and change the balance of power within the Labour Party bespeaks of a profound commitment to create a kind of democracy in Britain very different from that entrenched in the established constitutional set-up and different from that desired by the constitutional authorities and the Alliance who both wish to see legal limits on Parliament as well as a revival of the autonomy of parliamentary government itself .
however , the concern to increase intra-party democracy and change the balance of power within the labour party bespeaks of a profound commitment to create a kind of democracy in britain very different from that entrenched in the established constitutional set-up and different from that [wanted] by the constitutional authorities and the alliance who both wish to see legal limits on parliament as well as a revival of the autonomy of parliamentary government itself .

For instance , an ill-judged price reduction may have an opposite effect to that desired .
for instance , an ill-judged price reduction may have an opposite effect to that [wanted] .

For example , no attempt was made to assess the cost of a poor delivery performance in terms of lost sales , or the extra costs necessary to ensure a delivery performance consistent with a desired sales level .
for example , no attempt was made to assess the cost of a poor delivery performance in terms of lost sales , or the extra costs necessary to ensure a delivery performance consistent with a [wanted] sales level .

He will need to be informed about new strategic departures and their effects upon the covariance between corporate and market-index returns so that he can alter the portfolio held if the risk-return mix is not the one desired ; but corporate diversification to manage total risk is not required by the shareholder .
he will need to be informed about new strategic departures and their effects upon the covariance between corporate and market-index returns so that he can alter the portfolio held if the risk-return mix is not the one [wanted] ; but corporate diversification to manage total risk is not required by the shareholder .

It had the desired effect .
it had the [wanted] effect .

They include , for example , urban polytechnics operating on multiple sites , centres of excellence running high cost courses , and institutions whose cost efficiency has left something to be desired .
they include , for example , urban polytechnics operating on multiple sites , centres of excellence running high cost courses , and institutions whose cost efficiency has left something to be [wanted] .

She raised her eyebrows to heaven , took the fruit back , and handed him crescent after crescent , the babying he desired at her hands .
she raised her eyebrows to heaven , took the fruit back , and handed him crescent after crescent , the babying he [wanted] at her hands .

After pulling up the curtain to the desired width , tie the cords neatly but do not cut them off .
after pulling up the curtain to the [wanted] width , tie the cords neatly but do not cut them off .

It is possible to juggle the pleating and spacing arrangements within reason , putting more or less fabric into the pleats and spaces to achieve your desired result .
it is possible to juggle the pleating and spacing arrangements within reason , putting more or less fabric into the pleats and spaces to achieve your [wanted] result .

The sides of the lining can be temporarily hand stitched to the sides of the curtain , if desired .
the sides of the lining can be temporarily hand stitched to the sides of the curtain , if [wanted] .

You will need a strip of paper to equal this length by at least the desired depth of your pelmet .
you will need a strip of paper to equal this length by at least the [wanted] depth of your pelmet .

They are easy and inexpensive to make as they require only enough outer fabric to cover the actual window opening , or your desired size , plus a little extra lining when making up as Method 1 .
they are easy and inexpensive to make as they require only enough outer fabric to cover the actual window opening , or your [wanted] size , plus a little extra lining when making up as method 1 .

The young Beatrice Webb was convinced of the importance of family life for women and during the 1880s desperately desired an intimate relationship with the leading politician , Joseph Chamberlain , yet she knew that to marry him would cut her off for ever from the purposeful life of work that she also wanted .
the young beatrice webb was convinced of the importance of family life for women and during the 1880s desperately [wanted] an intimate relationship with the leading politician , joseph chamberlain , yet she knew that to marry him would cut her off for ever from the purposeful life of work that she also wanted .

Patricia Branca has reminded us that in the Victorian household where the man earned between £100 and £300 a year , an income range which excluded the highly skilled manual worker and included as many as 42 per cent of the middle class , there was only enough money available for the employment of one or at most two domestic servants and very little at all for the rest of the ‘ paraphernalia of gentility ’ desired by the aspiring middle class household .
patricia branca has reminded us that in the victorian household where the man earned between £100 and £300 a year , an income range which excluded the highly skilled manual worker and included as many as 42 per cent of the middle class , there was only enough money available for the employment of one or at most two domestic servants and very little at all for the rest of the ‘ paraphernalia of gentility ’ [wanted] by the aspiring middle class household .

Picasso 's Baigneuse , a work of early 1909 , shows the painter accomplishing the desired optical synthesis in a very thorough but slightly schematic way .
picasso 's baigneuse , a work of early 1909 , shows the painter accomplishing the [wanted] optical synthesis in a very thorough but slightly schematic way .

When the inspectors refused to give all the desired assurances the directors claimed a breach of natural justice .
when the inspectors refused to give all the [wanted] assurances the directors claimed a breach of natural justice .

The second flaw is that the doctrine simply does not achieve its desired goal .
the second flaw is that the doctrine simply does not achieve its [wanted] goal .

the desired market share for the product ,
the [wanted] market share for the product ,

Copper in contrast was not durable enough for big editions , and where its effects were desired it was increasingly replaced by steel ; but this was much less used than wood for works of science .
copper in contrast was not durable enough for big editions , and where its effects were [wanted] it was increasingly replaced by steel ; but this was much less used than wood for works of science .

What is clear however , is that rate-capping failed to produce the curbs in local spending which the government desired and in 1987 the Department of Environment , armed with the full battery of post-1979 legislation , had to concede that English local authorities were on course to exceed government expenditure targets by at least 500m ( The Times 28 October 1987 ) .
what is clear however , is that rate-capping failed to produce the curbs in local spending which the government [wanted] and in 1987 the department of environment , armed with the full battery of post-1979 legislation , had to concede that english local authorities were on course to exceed government expenditure targets by at least 500m ( the times 28 october 1987 ) .

What , of course , the failure to achieve the desired curbs in local spending did produce was an inevitable increase in the burden upon the ratepayer .
what , of course , the failure to achieve the [wanted] curbs in local spending did produce was an inevitable increase in the burden upon the ratepayer .

This lead Poulantzas to accuse Miliband of arguing that the state in capitalism could do whatever it desired .
this lead poulantzas to accuse miliband of arguing that the state in capitalism could do whatever it [wanted] .

Lindblom argues that policy-making under incrementalism takes the form of ‘ partisan mutual adjustment ’ , referring to the practice of making choices among different alternatives not on the basis of a particularly rigourous evaluation of the ‘ best ’ means to achieve a desired ‘ goal ’ .
lindblom argues that policy-making under incrementalism takes the form of ‘ partisan mutual adjustment ’ , referring to the practice of making choices among different alternatives not on the basis of a particularly rigourous evaluation of the ‘ best ’ means to achieve a [wanted] ‘ goal ’ .

She was coldly angry now that he should so calmly assume that what he desired was there for him to take .
she was coldly angry now that he should so calmly assume that what he [wanted] was there for him to take .

Boswell says , ‘ The scene was as sequestered and agreeably wild as could be desired , and for a time engrossed all our attention .
boswell says , ‘ the scene was as sequestered and agreeably wild as could be [wanted] , and for a time engrossed all our attention .

‘ Even if he had desired it , he could scarcely have done more to ensure that the Khans would support Nogai 's will .
‘ even if he had [wanted] it , he could scarcely have done more to ensure that the khans would support nogai 's will .

Lacan reasons that the accession to subjectivity is accomplished through the accession to language which involves the substitution of linguistic presence and absence for the presence and absence of the desired object ( 284–5,318–19 ) .
lacan reasons that the accession to subjectivity is accomplished through the accession to language which involves the substitution of linguistic presence and absence for the presence and absence of the [wanted] object ( 284–5,318–19 ) .

But have these expanded powers and the concomitant increase in punitiveness had the desired effect upon crime ?
but have these expanded powers and the concomitant increase in punitiveness had the [wanted] effect upon crime ?

One : it may be distilled with the botanicals to the desired strength .
one : it may be distilled with the botanicals to the [wanted] strength .

This case had the desired effect of persuading other recalcitrant authorities to proceed more quickly .
this case had the [wanted] effect of persuading other recalcitrant authorities to proceed more quickly .

Spread a layer of melted chocolate on to non-stick paper , leave to almost set and use tiny cutters to stamp out desired shapes , such as Christmas trees , leaves , star-shapes , teddy bears , or rounds .
spread a layer of melted chocolate on to non-stick paper , leave to almost set and use tiny cutters to stamp out [wanted] shapes , such as christmas trees , leaves , star-shapes , teddy bears , or rounds .

Hackneyed it may sound , but sensible sunning with adequate protection is the only way to achieve a much desired tan with minimum risk to your skin .
hackneyed it may sound , but sensible sunning with adequate protection is the only way to achieve a much [wanted] tan with minimum risk to your skin .

The news worked its way round by devious stages to the ears of Brother Jerome , that the bird he desired with all his narrow might to ensnare had taken flight to a safe distance .
the news worked its way round by devious stages to the ears of brother jerome , that the bird he [wanted] with all his narrow might to ensnare had taken flight to a safe distance .

Learning processes : How can children learn most successfully ? How should teachers behave in order to stimulate the desired learning processes ?
learning processes : how can children learn most successfully ? how should teachers behave in order to stimulate the [wanted] learning processes ?

Learning difficulties : Why do the desired learning processes not always take place ? What prevents children from learning ?
learning difficulties : why do the [wanted] learning processes not always take place ? what prevents children from learning ?

‘ The assumption is that women like to be desired by many men .
‘ the assumption is that women like to be [wanted] by many men .

Nobody had spoken of this new responsible attitude , because to do so would be to admit that his behaviour had previously left something to be desired , and my mother had spent too much time in implicit denial of this to waste it all now .
nobody had spoken of this new responsible attitude , because to do so would be to admit that his behaviour had previously left something to be [wanted] , and my mother had spent too much time in implicit denial of this to waste it all now .

The woman may think she is no longer desired but neither may be able to discuss what is happening .
the woman may think she is no longer [wanted] but neither may be able to discuss what is happening .

The very fact that the installation of a protective system is considered presupposes that some degree of control of the fire is desired , and if this is the case , the degree of control required must be capable of being quantified .
the very fact that the installation of a protective system is considered presupposes that some degree of control of the fire is [wanted] , and if this is the case , the degree of control required must be capable of being quantified .

The initiative for a project very often comes from the funding agency , which adopts a ‘ proactive ’ stance ( in the jargon ) , setting the agenda , administering a steering committee and ensuring that the project is running towards the desired end .
the initiative for a project very often comes from the funding agency , which adopts a ‘ proactive ’ stance ( in the jargon ) , setting the agenda , administering a steering committee and ensuring that the project is running towards the [wanted] end .

And that is — perhaps when receiving the undergraduate degree — that the student has reached the point when he or she intellectually can take off on his or her own , if so desired .
and that is — perhaps when receiving the undergraduate degree — that the student has reached the point when he or she intellectually can take off on his or her own , if so [wanted] .

Regardless of the worthiness of any concept the actual product will stand or fall by its quality and here InteSoft leaves something to be desired .
regardless of the worthiness of any concept the actual product will stand or fall by its quality and here intesoft leaves something to be [wanted] .

Setting up these menus is one of the areas that leaves a lot to be desired , it is tedious and likely to be a constant source of hotline support enquiries to InteSoft .
setting up these menus is one of the areas that leaves a lot to be [wanted] , it is tedious and likely to be a constant source of hotline support enquiries to intesoft .

This puts a second frame round the graphics , spaced away from the handles by the desired amount .
this puts a second frame round the graphics , spaced away from the handles by the [wanted] amount .

When a manager is given the authority to do something , it is automatically presupposed that he has the ability to do it , the facilities that he needs and that the desired results will be achieved .
when a manager is given the authority to do something , it is automatically presupposed that he has the ability to do it , the facilities that he needs and that the [wanted] results will be achieved .

The culture and personal of the organisation — ie. the skill , knowledge and attitudes of subordinates , and the philosophy and psychological security of superiors , will help to determine how much delegation will be desired by the subordinates , and how far superiors will feel that they can trust the people below them .
the culture and personal of the organisation — ie. the skill , knowledge and attitudes of subordinates , and the philosophy and psychological security of superiors , will help to determine how much delegation will be [wanted] by the subordinates , and how far superiors will feel that they can trust the people below them .

If they give advice , which is acted on but fails to achieve desired results , staff men can blame the line managers for not carrying out their plan properly .
if they give advice , which is acted on but fails to achieve [wanted] results , staff men can blame the line managers for not carrying out their plan properly .

Management must realise that an organisation is a conversion process that converts units of input from the environment into units of output desired by the consumer in that environment .
management must realise that an organisation is a conversion process that converts units of input from the environment into units of output [wanted] by the consumer in that environment .

Until recently there was even a payroll tax , called the Selective Employment Tax , which , like many such measures in recent years , had the opposite effect to that desired : It drew workers from the productive manufacturing industries into the supporting service industries , from engineering to the Post Office , for instance .
until recently there was even a payroll tax , called the selective employment tax , which , like many such measures in recent years , had the opposite effect to that [wanted] : it drew workers from the productive manufacturing industries into the supporting service industries , from engineering to the post office , for instance .

Reducing taxes does not increase costs , but achieves the same desired end .
reducing taxes does not increase costs , but achieves the same [wanted] end .

The saltcake was then converted into the desired soda by heating it with coal and limestone in large revolving furnaces .
the saltcake was then converted into the [wanted] soda by heating it with coal and limestone in large revolving furnaces .

Orchard desired to be buried in St Frideswide 's church and he was probably the architect for the magnificent vault of the choir ( c .1478–1503 ) and for the cloisters of c .1489–99 .
orchard [wanted] to be buried in st frideswide 's church and he was probably the architect for the magnificent vault of the choir ( c .1478–1503 ) and for the cloisters of c .1489–99 .

From part of this twelve gun barrels were forged and sent to Enfield , but they did not show the desired improvement .
from part of this twelve gun barrels were forged and sent to enfield , but they did not show the [wanted] improvement .

He was also a practised diplomat , often getting his own way by inducing others to propose the course of action he desired .
he was also a practised diplomat , often getting his own way by inducing others to propose the course of action he [wanted] .

Fountains , lighting and other ornaments can now be added , if desired .
fountains , lighting and other ornaments can now be added , if [wanted] .

If you ask the retailer how you go about it , he will probably tell you to dig a hole to the desired shape and then drop it in .
if you ask the retailer how you go about it , he will probably tell you to dig a hole to the [wanted] shape and then drop it in .

To reduce the risk of the concrete sticking to the formwork , it is advisable to grease or limewash it , although in practice a thorough soaking with clean water will have the desired effect .
to reduce the risk of the concrete sticking to the formwork , it is advisable to grease or limewash it , although in practice a thorough soaking with clean water will have the [wanted] effect .

If the area to be covered is too large to contemplate covering with damp sacks , then the regular spraying of the surface of the concrete with clean water , from a watering can fitted with a fine rose attachment will have the desired effect .
if the area to be covered is too large to contemplate covering with damp sacks , then the regular spraying of the surface of the concrete with clean water , from a watering can fitted with a fine rose attachment will have the [wanted] effect .

In tanks or sinks where algae have become established , the addition to the water of enough potassium permanganate to turn the water a violet colour will usually have the desired effect .
in tanks or sinks where algae have become established , the addition to the water of enough potassium permanganate to turn the water a violet colour will usually have the [wanted] effect .

During the winter the pump should be removed in any event and this arrangement means that a pool heater can be conveniently installed in its place if desired .
during the winter the pump should be removed in any event and this arrangement means that a pool heater can be conveniently installed in its place if [wanted] .

If more than one fountain is desired , a surface pump is sensible and , of course when larger volumes of water than submersible pumps can easily handle are to be moved , then they become a necessity .
if more than one fountain is [wanted] , a surface pump is sensible and , of course when larger volumes of water than submersible pumps can easily handle are to be moved , then they become a necessity .

It has long been argued that this gives great advantage to the ruling party because of its ability to manipulate the economy for the desired results on election day .
it has long been argued that this gives great advantage to the ruling party because of its ability to manipulate the economy for the [wanted] results on election day .

The more that is desired , the more time it is likely to take to produce the annual report .
the more that is [wanted] , the more time it is likely to take to produce the annual report .

Apparently she thinks his pruning technique leaves a lot to be desired .
apparently she thinks his pruning technique leaves a lot to be [wanted] .

Three- and four-part chords are effective only in f and ff , and are best used in the orchestra when a series of emphatic detached chords is desired .
three- and four-part chords are effective only in f and ff , and are best used in the orchestra when a series of emphatic detached chords is [wanted] .

After a time this ability becomes as instinctive as is the power of singing or whistling a note of any pitch desired , but it should be obvious that horn parts should keep to ‘ vocal ’ intervals or stepwise movement as far as possible .
after a time this ability becomes as instinctive as is the power of singing or whistling a note of any pitch [wanted] , but it should be obvious that horn parts should keep to ‘ vocal ’ intervals or stepwise movement as far as possible .

Quiet holding notes and fairly stationary filling-in parts constitute the main part of the duty of the horns , as any score will show , but we shall see later on that they are also very useful in doubling other instruments when it is desired to give ‘ body ’ and prominence to a broad melodic line in the tenor register .
quiet holding notes and fairly stationary filling-in parts constitute the main part of the duty of the horns , as any score will show , but we shall see later on that they are also very useful in doubling other instruments when it is [wanted] to give ‘ body ’ and prominence to a broad melodic line in the tenor register .

The bass may however , always be doubled at the octave below if desired .
the bass may however , always be doubled at the octave below if [wanted] .

At the lower octave the bassoon is by far the best , though the bottom notes of the clarinet might be used ( pitch permitting ) if a dark , cloudy , and rather menacing atmosphere were desired .
at the lower octave the bassoon is by far the best , though the bottom notes of the clarinet might be used ( pitch permitting ) if a dark , cloudy , and rather menacing atmosphere were [wanted] .

If it is desired to emphasise the penetrating , rather reedy quality of the higher viola notes an oboe or two added in unison will do this , while two flutes in unison with the violas will produce the opposite effect by rounding off the tone .
if it is [wanted] to emphasise the penetrating , rather reedy quality of the higher viola notes an oboe or two added in unison will do this , while two flutes in unison with the violas will produce the opposite effect by rounding off the tone .

The direction ‘ laissez vibrer ’ is given here to indicate that the cymbals are to be allowed to vibrate freely — to ring on until their vibration dies away naturally . If the opposite effect is desired a note of short value is written and the word ‘ sec ’ added , thus :
the direction ‘ laissez vibrer ’ is given here to indicate that the cymbals are to be allowed to vibrate freely — to ring on until their vibration dies away naturally . if the opposite effect is [wanted] a note of short value is written and the word ‘ sec ’ added , thus :

Individuals believe that they are able to perform at the desired level ( effort performance outcome ) .
individuals believe that they are able to perform at the [wanted] level ( effort performance outcome ) .

Make sure that the desired levels of performance are attainable ( Expectancy ) .
make sure that the [wanted] levels of performance are attainable ( expectancy ) .

Link desired outcomes to required performances ( Expectancy ) .
link [wanted] outcomes to required performances ( expectancy ) .

Figures 9.2 and 9.3 demonstrate how the two approaches to decision making can be used to move from the current state of affairs to a desired situation .
figures 9.2 and 9.3 demonstrate how the two approaches to decision making can be used to move from the current state of affairs to a [wanted] situation .

Supporters of the rational model may seek to move to the desired situation in one strategic move .
supporters of the rational model may seek to move to the [wanted] situation in one strategic move .

Composers have often introduced dissonant diatonic notes into otherwise straightforward harmonic situations to give the desired touch of dissonance or unconventionality .
composers have often introduced dissonant diatonic notes into otherwise straightforward harmonic situations to give the [wanted] touch of dissonance or unconventionality .

Although the imperial and colonial railway companies discovered that Indians and Africans desired to travel in large numbers and contributed the bulk of passenger earnings , little money was spent on their comforts .
although the imperial and colonial railway companies discovered that indians and africans [wanted] to travel in large numbers and contributed the bulk of passenger earnings , little money was spent on their comforts .

Bones were flung to the floor and quarrelled over by the hounds , who gave way to Murtach 's two wolves when Fife and Drum desired some particularly meaty scrap .
bones were flung to the floor and quarrelled over by the hounds , who gave way to murtach 's two wolves when fife and drum [wanted] some particularly meaty scrap .

Finally , the process of comprehensive assessment includes the ability to identify strategies to meet or minimize the need and risk which have been assessed , to set objectives , to plan , and to define desired outcomes .
finally , the process of comprehensive assessment includes the ability to identify strategies to meet or minimize the need and risk which have been assessed , to set objectives , to plan , and to define [wanted] outcomes .

Participation of users and carers , a desired outcome of empowerment , will require the practitioner to be highly skilled in facilitation , negotiation , representation , and advocacy .
participation of users and carers , a [wanted] outcome of empowerment , will require the practitioner to be highly skilled in facilitation , negotiation , representation , and advocacy .

Its real efficacy can only be tested over time and it remains to be seen if clozapine is a major advance , or whether the wide spectrum of response originally found with chlorpromazine , from full recovery to no response , is merely replicated , with a general shift a bit further in the desired direction .
its real efficacy can only be tested over time and it remains to be seen if clozapine is a major advance , or whether the wide spectrum of response originally found with chlorpromazine , from full recovery to no response , is merely replicated , with a general shift a bit further in the [wanted] direction .

The authors argue that activists should not be discouraged by the length of time necessary to change both clinical practice and policy as steady and consistent work will be effective and reap the desired rewards .
the authors argue that activists should not be discouraged by the length of time necessary to change both clinical practice and policy as steady and consistent work will be effective and reap the [wanted] rewards .

Following the style of the Sikkens Specifiers Guides to Woodstains and Paints and the Sandtex Specifier 's Guide to Masonry Coatings , the new guide offers a step-by-step outline to the preparation of substrates for decoration , and the identification and selection of systems and products to achieve the desired finish .
following the style of the sikkens specifiers guides to woodstains and paints and the sandtex specifier 's guide to masonry coatings , the new guide offers a step-by-step outline to the preparation of substrates for decoration , and the identification and selection of systems and products to achieve the [wanted] finish .

people have generally liked the campaign and have taken out the desired messages .
people have generally liked the campaign and have taken out the [wanted] messages .

They may have been politically naive in character and open to attack , but their proponents desired to ensure that sound scientific knowledge under-pinned all actions to protect wildlife resources .
they may have been politically naive in character and open to attack , but their proponents [wanted] to ensure that sound scientific knowledge under-pinned all actions to protect wildlife resources .

strategies of mosaic building desired by clients or , apparently , followed by mosaicists ) .
strategies of mosaic building [wanted] by clients or , apparently , followed by mosaicists ) .

Thirdly , they would need , in some sense , to be rational to have an effective means-ends reasoning that told them how to implement each desired goal .
thirdly , they would need , in some sense , to be rational to have an effective means-ends reasoning that told them how to implement each [wanted] goal .

1 . The professorship and the desired qualifications of the next holder
1 . the professorship and the [wanted] qualifications of the next holder

It is possible to draft preference share rights dispensing with the declaration of preference dividends and compelling the offeror to distribute available distributable profits , but this may not always be desired by the offeror .
it is possible to draft preference share rights dispensing with the declaration of preference dividends and compelling the offeror to distribute available distributable profits , but this may not always be [wanted] by the offeror .

Notices may be entered on the Register of Title to protect a wide variety of interests — for example , an estate contract , a grant of easements over registered land , a lease or agreement for a lease which is not an overriding interest , and many other matters that it is desired shall come to the notice of all persons dealing with the land .
notices may be entered on the register of title to protect a wide variety of interests — for example , an estate contract , a grant of easements over registered land , a lease or agreement for a lease which is not an overriding interest , and many other matters that it is [wanted] shall come to the notice of all persons dealing with the land .

Expedition is useful in the case of property being resold very shortly after the unregistered title has been purchased , when it 's desired to give the new purchaser a registered title and completion is to take place before the title would normally be registered .
expedition is useful in the case of property being resold very shortly after the unregistered title has been purchased , when it 's [wanted] to give the new purchaser a registered title and completion is to take place before the title would normally be registered .

If those who work in the media wish to enjoy the freedom desired for them by the Royal Commission — the freedom to publish facts and opinions which are in the public interest — they may have to forgo some of the comparative freedom they enjoy to publish facts and opinions which are not .
if those who work in the media wish to enjoy the freedom [wanted] for them by the royal commission — the freedom to publish facts and opinions which are in the public interest — they may have to forgo some of the comparative freedom they enjoy to publish facts and opinions which are not .

All she had was the conviction that he desired her , despite himself .
all she had was the conviction that he [wanted] her , despite himself .

He desired her , no one but her .
he [wanted] her , no one but her .

The world , however , was not moving in the desired direction and the Left often annoyed Labour leaders by pointing this out in public .
the world , however , was not moving in the [wanted] direction and the left often annoyed labour leaders by pointing this out in public .

Nevertheless `` working class unity remained a desired end despite all our disappointments in seeking it .
nevertheless `` working class unity remained a [wanted] end despite all our disappointments in seeking it .

Since the end of 1937 the British Left had supported the formation of a triple alliance between Britain , France and the Soviet Union , an object clearly desired by the Soviet government .
since the end of 1937 the british left had supported the formation of a triple alliance between britain , france and the soviet union , an object clearly [wanted] by the soviet government .

It appeared to be a city which could cater to anything one 's heart desired : all varieties of food from the six continents , restaurants and bars open twenty-four hours a day , and everything else under the sun easily available just for the cost of a phone call .
it appeared to be a city which could cater to anything one 's heart [wanted] : all varieties of food from the six continents , restaurants and bars open twenty-four hours a day , and everything else under the sun easily available just for the cost of a phone call .

On match days , there is an obvious problem — Eric is happily chasing about for all to see , so the desired mistaken identity is a non-starter .
on match days , there is an obvious problem — eric is happily chasing about for all to see , so the [wanted] mistaken identity is a non-starter .

The choice of working fluid , unless dictated by the available standard equipment , is usually influenced by two considerations , the achievement of the desired values of the governing non-dimensional parameters and the performance of flow transducers .
the choice of working fluid , unless dictated by the available standard equipment , is usually influenced by two considerations , the achievement of the [wanted] values of the governing non-dimensional parameters and the performance of flow transducers .

For example , one might face a situation in which the fact that water more readily gave the desired values of the governing parameters ( its lower kinematic viscosity is often advantageous in this respect ) had to be set against the practical difficulties of containing it in an arrangement with movable probes .
for example , one might face a situation in which the fact that water more readily gave the [wanted] values of the governing parameters ( its lower kinematic viscosity is often advantageous in this respect ) had to be set against the practical difficulties of containing it in an arrangement with movable probes .

In laboratory work one may find that the desired values of the non-dimensional parameters are not actually achievable .
in laboratory work one may find that the [wanted] values of the non-dimensional parameters are not actually achievable .

Colour as desired and keep wrapped in cling film or aluminium foil until ready to use , to prevent it from drying out .
colour as [wanted] and keep wrapped in cling film or aluminium foil until ready to use , to prevent it from drying out .

However , you can substitute shop-bought marzipan or almond paste if desired — some addresses of mail-order suppliers are listed on page 118 .
however , you can substitute shop-bought marzipan or almond paste if [wanted] — some addresses of mail-order suppliers are listed on page 118 .

Flavourings can be added to the mixture before whisking if desired , such as a little mint essence or citrus zest and juice .
flavourings can be added to the mixture before whisking if [wanted] , such as a little mint essence or citrus zest and juice .

Pipe on window panes , and decorative borders around the windows , including a little ‘ frost ’ on the window panes if desired , and icicles on the overhanging eaves and on the chimney .
pipe on window panes , and decorative borders around the windows , including a little ‘ frost ’ on the window panes if [wanted] , and icicles on the overhanging eaves and on the chimney .

Add a garden path , flowers and any other suitable decorations as desired
add a garden path , flowers and any other suitable decorations as [wanted]

The carousel could , if desired , be placed on an inexpensive cake turntable to achieve a lovely ‘ spinning ’ effect .
the carousel could , if [wanted] , be placed on an inexpensive cake turntable to achieve a lovely ‘ spinning ’ effect .

Finally , glue a ribbon around the edge of the drum and brush the dragon with a little lustre powder if desired to give the scales a shiny effect .
finally , glue a ribbon around the edge of the drum and brush the dragon with a little lustre powder if [wanted] to give the scales a shiny effect .

Finally , brush the roofs with lustre powder if desired to give a ‘ magical ’ sparkly effect .
finally , brush the roofs with lustre powder if [wanted] to give a ‘ magical ’ sparkly effect .

If desired , a message could also be piped on to the middle band of the balloon .
if [wanted] , a message could also be piped on to the middle band of the balloon .

Dawkins has suggested that , for success , the desired species should be commonly occurring pioneers , that there should be relatively easily controllable climbers , while ground-cover must be maintained .
dawkins has suggested that , for success , the [wanted] species should be commonly occurring pioneers , that there should be relatively easily controllable climbers , while ground-cover must be maintained .

‘ His bedside manner leaves something to be desired .
‘ his bedside manner leaves something to be [wanted] .

‘ As a house-guest you leave a lot to be desired , young woman , ’ he said cuttingly .
‘ as a house-guest you leave a lot to be [wanted] , young woman , ’ he said cuttingly .

Because when , without so much as a scrap of protest , Ven had let go of her just now , she had started to get the idea that perhaps he had n't desired her anywhere near as much as she had wanted him .
because when , without so much as a scrap of protest , ven had let go of her just now , she had started to get the idea that perhaps he had n't [wanted] her anywhere near as much as she had wanted him .

His intentions had been honourable , even if his behaviour had left something to be desired .
his intentions had been honourable , even if his behaviour had left something to be [wanted] .

The desired forbidden fruit .
the [wanted] forbidden fruit .

At the heart of the real-balance effect lies the hypothesis that desired consumption expenditure depends not only upon the level of income and the rate of interest but also upon the real net worth of the private sector : that is where is the nominal value of private sector net worth deflated by the price level .
at the heart of the real-balance effect lies the hypothesis that [wanted] consumption expenditure depends not only upon the level of income and the rate of interest but also upon the real net worth of the private sector : that is where is the nominal value of private sector net worth deflated by the price level .

Even in a perfectly competitive economy — the state of affairs normally regarded as most amenable to neoclassical modes of analysis — the real wage rate will remain unchanged for as long as the level of output remains unchanged ; and output will remain unchanged for as long as the level of desired real expenditure remains unchanged .
even in a perfectly competitive economy — the state of affairs normally regarded as most amenable to neoclassical modes of analysis — the real wage rate will remain unchanged for as long as the level of output remains unchanged ; and output will remain unchanged for as long as the level of [wanted] real expenditure remains unchanged .

the desired stock of financial assets ) and flows ( e.g .
the [wanted] stock of financial assets ) and flows ( e.g .

In personal injury claims , the plaintiff 's solicitor may himself serve by post , if desired .
in personal injury claims , the plaintiff 's solicitor may himself serve by post , if [wanted] .

The plaintiff will be the tenant and the landlord the defendant , but if head lessors or mortgagees are likely to be affected they should be added as defendants and served by the lessee , or else notice should be given to them that they may apply to be joined if desired .
the plaintiff will be the tenant and the landlord the defendant , but if head lessors or mortgagees are likely to be affected they should be added as defendants and served by the lessee , or else notice should be given to them that they may apply to be joined if [wanted] .

Where it is desired to make an offer to settle a claim other than one for a sum of money by making a written offer " without prejudice save as to costs " , the offer should be filed with the court ; it is not brought to the attention of the court until the question of costs falls to be decided : Ord 11 , r 10 .
where it is [wanted] to make an offer to settle a claim other than one for a sum of money by making a written offer " without prejudice save as to costs " , the offer should be filed with the court ; it is not brought to the attention of the court until the question of costs falls to be decided : ord 11 , r 10 .

If desired the agreement could contain separate provisions regarding partners attending continuing education courses in accordance with Law Society training regulations or even the taking of sabbaticals , but perhaps these matters are best left to ad hoc arrangements with individual partners .
if [wanted] the agreement could contain separate provisions regarding partners attending continuing education courses in accordance with law society training regulations or even the taking of sabbaticals , but perhaps these matters are best left to ad hoc arrangements with individual partners .

If desired the expulsion clause might specifically leave such matters to the discretion of the partners , though that discretion could only validly be exercised in good faith .
if [wanted] the expulsion clause might specifically leave such matters to the discretion of the partners , though that discretion could only validly be exercised in good faith .

Each of the component parts of the restriction should be incorporated into the agreement in such a way that any provision which the court might feel goes beyond the bounds of reasonableness can be severed under the `` blue pencil test `` leaving the bulk of the desired restriction in full force .
each of the component parts of the restriction should be incorporated into the agreement in such a way that any provision which the court might feel goes beyond the bounds of reasonableness can be severed under the `` blue pencil test `` leaving the bulk of the [wanted] restriction in full force .

It will be necessary either to take court action in England to turn the decision into a judgment which may then be enforced abroad through a treaty , or to take court action in the country where enforcement is desired .
it will be necessary either to take court action in england to turn the decision into a judgment which may then be enforced abroad through a treaty , or to take court action in the country where enforcement is [wanted] .

Most importantly , all professional advisers should be required to provide their reports well before the desired date for completing the buy-out , so that the reports can be studied and salient points brought into the negotiation of the sale and purchase agreement .
most importantly , all professional advisers should be required to provide their reports well before the [wanted] date for completing the buy-out , so that the reports can be studied and salient points brought into the negotiation of the sale and purchase agreement .

The figures are included in a report which aims to open a debate among water companies , consumers and regulators , about the desired level of water quality and the way improvements should be financed .
the figures are included in a report which aims to open a debate among water companies , consumers and regulators , about the [wanted] level of water quality and the way improvements should be financed .

Their faces are often distorted into gargoyle shapes that appear hideous to us until we see them for what they are , exquisitely fashioned instruments for beaming ultrasound in desired directions .
their faces are often distorted into gargoyle shapes that appear hideous to us until we see them for what they are , exquisitely fashioned instruments for beaming ultrasound in [wanted] directions .

In practice the part programming languages require the operator to synthesise desired tool motions from a restricted available vocabulary of symbolic commands .
in practice the part programming languages require the operator to synthesise [wanted] tool motions from a restricted available vocabulary of symbolic commands .

Using a dynamic visual display of the entire working area of the machine tools including the workpieces , the fixtures , the cutting tool and its position , the skilled craftsmen can directly in-put the desired tool motions to machine the workpiece in the display .
using a dynamic visual display of the entire working area of the machine tools including the workpieces , the fixtures , the cutting tool and its position , the skilled craftsmen can directly in-put the [wanted] tool motions to machine the workpiece in the display .

It would require no knowledge of conventional part programming languages because the necessity to describe symbolically the desired tool motions would be eliminated .
it would require no knowledge of conventional part programming languages because the necessity to describe symbolically the [wanted] tool motions would be eliminated .

Design becomes the means for ordering the socio-technical world in a manner compatible with both socio-cultural and technical-economic ends ; the means for forming , literally , future society in a manner at once desired and yet internally dialectically related to actuality requirements .
design becomes the means for ordering the socio-technical world in a manner compatible with both socio-cultural and technical-economic ends ; the means for forming , literally , future society in a manner at once [wanted] and yet internally dialectically related to actuality requirements .

Practically , design becomes the means whereby we can change ( transform ) society in accordance simultaneously with what is desired and the reality principle .
practically , design becomes the means whereby we can change ( transform ) society in accordance simultaneously with what is [wanted] and the reality principle .

The `` knowledge `` desired is through homosexual relations .
the `` knowledge `` [wanted] is through homosexual relations .

This lightning campaign undertaken in the depths of winter while most people were still celebrating Christmas had the desired effect .
this lightning campaign undertaken in the depths of winter while most people were still celebrating christmas had the [wanted] effect .

The combination of his gentle business experience , his belief in the politics of personal relationships and his patience in waiting for a desired outcome were unusual and valuable qualities .
the combination of his gentle business experience , his belief in the politics of personal relationships and his patience in waiting for a [wanted] outcome were unusual and valuable qualities .

Indeed the inclusion of accession and ratification clauses suggests that the parties did not intend to confer third party benefits , but instead desired full commitment to the treaty .
indeed the inclusion of accession and ratification clauses suggests that the parties did not intend to confer third party benefits , but instead [wanted] full commitment to the treaty .

But such a strategy would not have served the United States ' interests , for it desired performance of the treaty .
but such a strategy would not have served the united states ' interests , for it [wanted] performance of the treaty .

Only in Namibia , did treaty reasoning come to the fore , and that was in the context of termination of the Mandate by the General Assembly for material breach , when it was desired to establish a new legal regime over the territory .
only in namibia , did treaty reasoning come to the fore , and that was in the context of termination of the mandate by the general assembly for material breach , when it was [wanted] to establish a new legal regime over the territory .

It had the desired effect — the gunman tumbled over the top of the fence , landing painfully on his back .
it had the [wanted] effect — the gunman tumbled over the top of the fence , landing painfully on his back .

The standard three knife block can be replaced with a Tersa block that uses helical disposable knives if desired .
the standard three knife block can be replaced with a tersa block that uses helical disposable knives if [wanted] .

You could make complicated calculations , but an alternative is to set the blade for cutting the segments flat , but to hold the plank at the desired angle as you cut .
you could make complicated calculations , but an alternative is to set the blade for cutting the segments flat , but to hold the plank at the [wanted] angle as you cut .

The type of material used for this project is up to the whims of the individual , and may run from a soft cedar to the more expensive hardwoods , or a combination of woods , depending on the grain pattern and colour contrasts desired .
the type of material used for this project is up to the whims of the individual , and may run from a soft cedar to the more expensive hardwoods , or a combination of woods , depending on the grain pattern and colour contrasts [wanted] .

Another option is to create a second segment ring similar to the first and reverse it , or it can be attached to a vertical ring if depth is desired .
another option is to create a second segment ring similar to the first and reverse it , or it can be attached to a vertical ring if depth is [wanted] .

In the media generally and even sometimes by the `` expert `` — or pseudo-expert — who should know better , it is suggested that sexual intercourse should , to be satisfactory , always be multi-orgasmic , always be desired by both partners , always be infinitely skilful and mutually considerate and always be earth-shaking .
in the media generally and even sometimes by the `` expert `` — or pseudo-expert — who should know better , it is suggested that sexual intercourse should , to be satisfactory , always be multi-orgasmic , always be [wanted] by both partners , always be infinitely skilful and mutually considerate and always be earth-shaking .

The multiple orgasm in the woman and rapid recovery of erection after ejaculation in the man were `` discovered `` by popular writers a few years ago and plugged relentlessly ; yet in the woman one violent orgasm may outweigh several minor ones or the latter may not even be invariably desired , while in the man a rapid re-erection is often physically impossible ( in the more virile youngster it usually takes half to three-quarters of an hour , in the older man anything up to 24 , but there is wide variation between individuals and in differently stimulating situations ) .
the multiple orgasm in the woman and rapid recovery of erection after ejaculation in the man were `` discovered `` by popular writers a few years ago and plugged relentlessly ; yet in the woman one violent orgasm may outweigh several minor ones or the latter may not even be invariably [wanted] , while in the man a rapid re-erection is often physically impossible ( in the more virile youngster it usually takes half to three-quarters of an hour , in the older man anything up to 24 , but there is wide variation between individuals and in differently stimulating situations ) .

The accommodation -four rooms , including the Headmaster 's dining-room , for four masters — was ample , even if the ventilation left something to he desired .
the accommodation -four rooms , including the headmaster 's dining-room , for four masters — was ample , even if the ventilation left something to he [wanted] .

On the other hand , it leads to the admission that in so far as all linguistic theories are provisional and incomplete ( particularly in the sphere of semantics ) , even the best-informed linguistic analysis leaves a great deal to be desired .
on the other hand , it leads to the admission that in so far as all linguistic theories are provisional and incomplete ( particularly in the sphere of semantics ) , even the best-informed linguistic analysis leaves a great deal to be [wanted] .

Nor was it clear that Balfour 's departure was universally desired : at the National Union Conference a few days later , Leo Maxse was booed off the platform , and constituency parties everywhere passed resolutions regretting Balfour 's decision .
nor was it clear that balfour 's departure was universally [wanted] : at the national union conference a few days later , leo maxse was booed off the platform , and constituency parties everywhere passed resolutions regretting balfour 's decision .

It also succeeded in bringing a desired discreteness into physics .
it also succeeded in bringing a [wanted] discreteness into physics .

At present , most county sides would happily take them on — and probably would not need all five days to effect the desired result .
at present , most county sides would happily take them on — and probably would not need all five days to effect the [wanted] result .

We should then ask whether any of these reasons are relevant to the case with which we are concerned , and classify the activity in question in such a way as to achieve the desired level and type of control .
we should then ask whether any of these reasons are relevant to the case with which we are concerned , and classify the activity in question in such a way as to achieve the [wanted] level and type of control .

To what extent should pressure groups be allowed to use the courts to achieve their desired ends ?
to what extent should pressure groups be allowed to use the courts to achieve their [wanted] ends ?

But if the decisions involved are perceived as being too politically sensitive for the courts , some legislative intervention might be necessary to establish the desired framework of value judgments .
but if the decisions involved are perceived as being too politically sensitive for the courts , some legislative intervention might be necessary to establish the [wanted] framework of value judgments .

Relevant , too , are the views of individual judges about the role of the courts in interpreting and applying legislation : some judges may be more prepared to find an ambiguity in statutory language than others or even to interpret a statute ‘ purposively ’ in order to achieve a desired result .
relevant , too , are the views of individual judges about the role of the courts in interpreting and applying legislation : some judges may be more prepared to find an ambiguity in statutory language than others or even to interpret a statute ‘ purposively ’ in order to achieve a [wanted] result .

It is significant that in ( David Raymond ) Smith the Court of Appeal had first to perform some surgery on the relationship of mens rea to the actus reus of criminal damage to reach the desired conclusion and it is therefore unsurprising that adverse comment was expressed by some of their Lordships in Morgan .
it is significant that in ( david raymond ) smith the court of appeal had first to perform some surgery on the relationship of mens rea to the actus reus of criminal damage to reach the [wanted] conclusion and it is therefore unsurprising that adverse comment was expressed by some of their lordships in morgan .

It is potentially one of the most edifying aspects of our society , a great asset in terms of building a positive image , but the behaviour of some of the people working in this profession , evident in the sort of bad manners quoted above , leaves much to be desired .
it is potentially one of the most edifying aspects of our society , a great asset in terms of building a positive image , but the behaviour of some of the people working in this profession , evident in the sort of bad manners quoted above , leaves much to be [wanted] .

Each one of the forty women made some attempt to complete the test , though the number of statements made varied from three to eleven , with an average of 8.03 out of the desired ten per respondent .
each one of the forty women made some attempt to complete the test , though the number of statements made varied from three to eleven , with an average of 8.03 out of the [wanted] ten per respondent .

For all of these photographs quite a large number of accessories or props will be needed to create the desired effect .
for all of these photographs quite a large number of accessories or props will be needed to create the [wanted] effect .

To avoid the necessity for the provision of a special supply of unsoftened water , an addition of magnesium sulphate can be made to the soft supply , and this gives the desired stability .
to avoid the necessity for the provision of a special supply of unsoftened water , an addition of magnesium sulphate can be made to the soft supply , and this gives the [wanted] stability .

These substances would be in small amounts in any but polluted waters , and analytical methods would have to be suited to the objective if it were desired to distinguish between them .
these substances would be in small amounts in any but polluted waters , and analytical methods would have to be suited to the objective if it were [wanted] to distinguish between them .

Even lime soaps can be dispersed and solubilized , so that there is the basis of a useful emergency treatment that can be applied when the normal supply of soft water is not available or where , for some reason , hard water has been run into a vessel and it is desired to counteract its effect in situ .
even lime soaps can be dispersed and solubilized , so that there is the basis of a useful emergency treatment that can be applied when the normal supply of soft water is not available or where , for some reason , hard water has been run into a vessel and it is [wanted] to counteract its effect in situ .

First it solves the problem of the efficient industry cost structure — the allocation of production within the industry in such a way that the desired output is produced at minimum cost .
first it solves the problem of the efficient industry cost structure — the allocation of production within the industry in such a way that the [wanted] output is produced at minimum cost .

Once marriage had been entered into , the home became an even more vital element in the desired way of life .
once marriage had been entered into , the home became an even more vital element in the [wanted] way of life .

Members who had no other form of ‘ social security ’ available to them desired the benefits .
members who had no other form of ‘ social security ’ available to them [wanted] the benefits .

However , the labour movement was divided as to the extent and type of provision they desired from the state .
however , the labour movement was divided as to the extent and type of provision they [wanted] from the state .

It concluded that while actual deterioration remained unproven ( medical witnesses in particular were sceptical about deterioration ) , working-class health and nutrition left much to be desired .
it concluded that while actual deterioration remained unproven ( medical witnesses in particular were sceptical about deterioration ) , working-class health and nutrition left much to be [wanted] .

In fact , of course , many of Japan 's new rulers shared both aspirations : modern methods and Western techniques could be embraced as wholeheartedly by those who saw them as the key to a restored ‘ traditional ’ Japanese independence based on indigenous social structure and values as by those who desired to embrace not only Western techniques but some version of Western ideology .
in fact , of course , many of japan 's new rulers shared both aspirations : modern methods and western techniques could be embraced as wholeheartedly by those who saw them as the key to a restored ‘ traditional ’ japanese independence based on indigenous social structure and values as by those who [wanted] to embrace not only western techniques but some version of western ideology .

The effectiveness of your oral communication depends on whether your use of language has the desired effect .
the effectiveness of your oral communication depends on whether your use of language has the [wanted] effect .

The Convention is confined to international financial leasing , that is , to leasing which in economic terms is equivalent to a sale or purchase-money loan , the equipment being leased to a single lessee at whose request it was bought and the rentals being fixed not by reference to the use-value of the equipment as such but at a level which , taking into account cash-flows , tax-reliefs , and the like , will guarantee to the lessor the reim-bursement of his capital costs and desired return on capital .
the convention is confined to international financial leasing , that is , to leasing which in economic terms is equivalent to a sale or purchase-money loan , the equipment being leased to a single lessee at whose request it was bought and the rentals being fixed not by reference to the use-value of the equipment as such but at a level which , taking into account cash-flows , tax-reliefs , and the like , will guarantee to the lessor the reim-bursement of his capital costs and [wanted] return on capital .

It was difficult for the Government to judge in present circumstances whether a majority of the electors desired that capital punishment should be abolished .
it was difficult for the government to judge in present circumstances whether a majority of the electors [wanted] that capital punishment should be abolished .

Reaffirmed their decision of 3rd November that the decision on this issue should be left to a free vote , preferably on the Report stage of the Bill in the House of Commons ; and agreed that Ministers who dissented from the advice which was to be tendered in accordance with Conclusion above should be free , if they so desired , to vote for the abolition of the death penalty , though they should refrain from expressing in debate views contrary to that advice ; …
reaffirmed their decision of 3rd november that the decision on this issue should be left to a free vote , preferably on the report stage of the bill in the house of commons ; and agreed that ministers who dissented from the advice which was to be tendered in accordance with conclusion above should be free , if they so [wanted] , to vote for the abolition of the death penalty , though they should refrain from expressing in debate views contrary to that advice ; …

Choose varieties which will succeed in your area , and which are on a rootstock to give the desired rate of growth .
choose varieties which will succeed in your area , and which are on a rootstock to give the [wanted] rate of growth .

SOEs multiplied in Malaysia with the desired roles , as explained by one official as ‘ patron , trustee , joint venture partner , complementer and inducer of expanded bumiputra participation in the commercial and industrial sectors ’ ( Leeds , 1989 : p. 743 ) .
soes multiplied in malaysia with the [wanted] roles , as explained by one official as ‘ patron , trustee , joint venture partner , complementer and inducer of expanded bumiputra participation in the commercial and industrial sectors ’ ( leeds , 1989 : p. 743 ) .

All these examples show the wide range of forces — economic , competitive and political — that together shape both the balance of sectoral bargaining power and the basis of government choice about the form of desired control .
all these examples show the wide range of forces — economic , competitive and political — that together shape both the balance of sectoral bargaining power and the basis of government choice about the form of [wanted] control .

If you fail to achieve the desired standard then you receive lower marks , are demoted , or at worst may be asked to leave .
if you fail to achieve the [wanted] standard then you receive lower marks , are demoted , or at worst may be asked to leave .

How will desired behaviour be rewarded ?
how will [wanted] behaviour be rewarded ?

But the effectiveness of rewards varies with the desired behaviour .
but the effectiveness of rewards varies with the [wanted] behaviour .

These involve predicting the outcomes of different tactics and choosing those tactics likely to produce the desired results .
these involve predicting the outcomes of different tactics and choosing those tactics likely to produce the [wanted] results .

Neither of the formulas so far mentioned will do ; the Gibbs formula gives an entropy that for an isolated system of molecules is easily shown to stay constant in time rather than to increase , and the Boltzmann formula also does not have the desired non-decrease property if the system is not a gas .
neither of the formulas so far mentioned will do ; the gibbs formula gives an entropy that for an isolated system of molecules is easily shown to stay constant in time rather than to increase , and the boltzmann formula also does not have the [wanted] non-decrease property if the system is not a gas .

It must be possible to write sections of text to external files without change to the original and to insert text from external sources at any desired position .
it must be possible to write sections of text to external files without change to the original and to insert text from external sources at any [wanted] position .

It is desirable for the text editor to be able dynamically to remove a block of text from the document being worked on , and to replace the block at any desired position at a later stage of the editing session .
it is desirable for the text editor to be able dynamically to remove a block of text from the document being worked on , and to replace the block at any [wanted] position at a later stage of the editing session .

In summing up on this ideas section , we seem to be moving towards advocating that you : ( i ) fix on some aims or targets or intentions ( ii ) decide how these might relate to the actions and behaviour of pupils and teachers ( iii ) try to produce a teaching unit that is illustrative of these intentions and that strives towards promoting some of the desired behaviour ( iv ) report back on the actual relationship between the intentions and the behaviour .
in summing up on this ideas section , we seem to be moving towards advocating that you : ( i ) fix on some aims or targets or intentions ( ii ) decide how these might relate to the actions and behaviour of pupils and teachers ( iii ) try to produce a teaching unit that is illustrative of these intentions and that strives towards promoting some of the [wanted] behaviour ( iv ) report back on the actual relationship between the intentions and the behaviour .

This curious instruction may be used to pad out an instruction sequence so that it occupies a desired length of time or storage .
this curious instruction may be used to pad out an instruction sequence so that it occupies a [wanted] length of time or storage .

The micro-instructions provided for writing interpreters manipulate a number of general-purpose processor registers and function boxes ( which produce various functions of two input arguments , such as the binary sum , or the logical disjunction ) , and access variable-length operands in main store starting at any desired bit address .
the micro-instructions provided for writing interpreters manipulate a number of general-purpose processor registers and function boxes ( which produce various functions of two input arguments , such as the binary sum , or the logical disjunction ) , and access variable-length operands in main store starting at any [wanted] bit address .

Of course , in order to have something literal and precise in the desired sense , care must be taken to understand the given conception exactly as it is , without addition .
of course , in order to have something literal and precise in the [wanted] sense , care must be taken to understand the given conception exactly as it is , without addition .

Matters can be referred to sub-committees , the agenda manipulated to ensure the desired result .
matters can be referred to sub-committees , the agenda manipulated to ensure the [wanted] result .

( ii ) When all desired cells on a slide are located , float off the round discs of plastic onto the surface of distilled water contained in a large square glass staining dish .
( ii ) when all [wanted] cells on a slide are located , float off the round discs of plastic onto the surface of distilled water contained in a large square glass staining dish .

Marketing is part of the media too , and much money and time is spent researching and showing how the media 's consumers — the readers and viewers — match up to the advertisers ' desired audience of consumers for his product .
marketing is part of the media too , and much money and time is spent researching and showing how the media 's consumers — the readers and viewers — match up to the advertisers ' [wanted] audience of consumers for his product .

When sequences are similar the team will indicate their preferences so a rough cut can be made by the editor , who joins all the desired sequences together and cuts the whole thing to the exact time .
when sequences are similar the team will indicate their preferences so a rough cut can be made by the editor , who joins all the [wanted] sequences together and cuts the whole thing to the exact time .

The fact that `` educated females `` were the desired targets of the newspaper advertisement suggests that the `` philanthropic `` nature of the experiments of the 1860s was uppermost in the minds of the employers .
the fact that `` educated females `` were the [wanted] targets of the newspaper advertisement suggests that the `` philanthropic `` nature of the experiments of the 1860s was uppermost in the minds of the employers .

This does not mean , of course , that the books should have been concentrated or displayed in one location , although some teachers desired this as a way of focusing attention on the library and its new books .
this does not mean , of course , that the books should have been concentrated or displayed in one location , although some teachers [wanted] this as a way of focusing attention on the library and its new books .

Action taken to determine the desired nursing establishment levels should indicate the optimum manpower profile for each ward and unit .
action taken to determine the [wanted] nursing establishment levels should indicate the optimum manpower profile for each ward and unit .

As such , local people expect to exercise power to initiate the provision of services desired in the locality .
as such , local people expect to exercise power to initiate the provision of services [wanted] in the locality .

However , the challenge was bound to be more difficult for the Americans to handle , since they opposed drastic change while the Russians desired it .
however , the challenge was bound to be more difficult for the americans to handle , since they opposed drastic change while the russians [wanted] it .

Yoshida desired a peace treaty as soon as possible ; he recognised that a treaty would probably involve American forces remaining to verify compliance with the treaty and indicated the willingness of the Japanese government to meet American wishes .
yoshida [wanted] a peace treaty as soon as possible ; he recognised that a treaty would probably involve american forces remaining to verify compliance with the treaty and indicated the willingness of the japanese government to meet american wishes .

The danger , clearly , is that a tight budget will not bring about the desired response from the financial markets , and business will get the worst of both worlds — continued high interest rates and no help from the budget .
the danger , clearly , is that a tight budget will not bring about the [wanted] response from the financial markets , and business will get the worst of both worlds — continued high interest rates and no help from the budget .

Changes in these immediate precursors of child-bearing or ‘ proximate ’ variables provide one level of analysis and measurement ( Bongaarts and Potter 1983 ) and point the way to the more remote social and economic factors , such as costs of children , desired family size , and their variation between social groups , which we will look at in section 4.3 .
changes in these immediate precursors of child-bearing or ‘ proximate ’ variables provide one level of analysis and measurement ( bongaarts and potter 1983 ) and point the way to the more remote social and economic factors , such as costs of children , [wanted] family size , and their variation between social groups , which we will look at in section 4.3 .

On top of that , there are class differences in desired , as well as in actual family size .
on top of that , there are class differences in [wanted] , as well as in actual family size .

Further , he would also require some very heavy and unwieldy equipment , including siege engines ; even these might not bring the desired success .
further , he would also require some very heavy and unwieldy equipment , including siege engines ; even these might not bring the [wanted] success .

Add piping or frill , if desired .
add piping or frill , if [wanted] .

It may , however , be possible for a plaintiff to achieve the desired result by making a concurrent application for a similar order in the courts of the relevant foreign country , though the availability of such orders will obviously depend upon the local law .
it may , however , be possible for a plaintiff to achieve the [wanted] result by making a concurrent application for a similar order in the courts of the relevant foreign country , though the availability of such orders will obviously depend upon the local law .

The different budgets maintained by health and local authorities which made the desired shift in resources from health to social services difficult to organize .
the different budgets maintained by health and local authorities which made the [wanted] shift in resources from health to social services difficult to organize .

Man seeks a distant , passionately desired ideal : often , he is happiest when he fails to find it .
man seeks a distant , passionately [wanted] ideal : often , he is happiest when he fails to find it .

Editor , — With regard to academic medicine , surely it is not the time spent in research that is important but that the desired aim of awakening in the young doctor an appreciation of what science has to offer is achieved .
editor , — with regard to academic medicine , surely it is not the time spent in research that is important but that the [wanted] aim of awakening in the young doctor an appreciation of what science has to offer is achieved .

The philosopher Sartre believed that , in the act of love-making , the lover becomes at once subject and object — for she sees herself partly as the body desired by the lover .
the philosopher sartre believed that , in the act of love-making , the lover becomes at once subject and object — for she sees herself partly as the body [wanted] by the lover .

Instead we have the Master-Slave relation : one person partly being seen as the body desired by the other , but where this is not reciprocated .
instead we have the master-slave relation : one person partly being seen as the body [wanted] by the other , but where this is not reciprocated .

Once you 've exhausted the variations that will give you the step height you need , try different materials , as cutting bricks or walling slabs to give the desired height is not easy .
once you 've exhausted the variations that will give you the step height you need , try different materials , as cutting bricks or walling slabs to give the [wanted] height is not easy .

Therefore monetarists have resorted to the claim that governments can exert control over the money stock if they are determined enough , and in so doing will bring about the desired effect on money incomes and prices .
therefore monetarists have resorted to the claim that governments can exert control over the money stock if they are determined enough , and in so doing will bring about the [wanted] effect on money incomes and prices .

The recognition lag Effective economic management would require the authorities to take action as soon as a disturbance occurs which is judged to have an adverse impact on the desired combination of macroeconomic objectives .
the recognition lag effective economic management would require the authorities to take action as soon as a disturbance occurs which is judged to have an adverse impact on the [wanted] combination of macroeconomic objectives .

But on his first arrival at court , when the Queen herself asked him what he desired , he bowed over her olive hand and , with his lips a millimetre away from the great ring of her power , murmured a single , dangerous word :
but on his first arrival at court , when the queen herself asked him what he [wanted] , he bowed over her olive hand and , with his lips a millimetre away from the great ring of her power , murmured a single , dangerous word :

However , if booksellers ' experience is anything to go by , the desired improvement in sales came earlier than expected .
however , if booksellers ' experience is anything to go by , the [wanted] improvement in sales came earlier than expected .

Doctor and pathologist Professor Pietro Croce says in one of his articles : ‘ One only needs to find the appropriate animal species to obtain the desired result .
doctor and pathologist professor pietro croce says in one of his articles : ‘ one only needs to find the appropriate animal species to obtain the [wanted] result .

‘ Aid to these countries is of a high humanitarian priority at the moment , ’ he said , ‘ and it is not getting the desired coverage because of problems in neighbouring states . ’
‘ aid to these countries is of a high humanitarian priority at the moment , ’ he said , ‘ and it is not getting the [wanted] coverage because of problems in neighbouring states . ’

Candidates may enter for both examinations , if desired .
candidates may enter for both examinations , if [wanted] .

Candidates may enter for both examinations , if desired .
candidates may enter for both examinations , if [wanted] .

The following year , a multi-skilled , integrated team headed by Garrick Mound , of Subsurface , challenged all aspects of the reservoir understanding and mode of access in order to achieve the desired level of increased performance and productivity.All subsurface disciplines revisited the reservoir model to establish a realistic and robust understanding of the reservoir quality distribution and its uncertainties .
the following year , a multi-skilled , integrated team headed by garrick mound , of subsurface , challenged all aspects of the reservoir understanding and mode of access in order to achieve the [wanted] level of increased performance and productivity.all subsurface disciplines revisited the reservoir model to establish a realistic and robust understanding of the reservoir quality distribution and its uncertainties .

the college could , if desired , offer a resit facility to suit its own particular requirements ;
the college could , if [wanted] , offer a resit facility to suit its own particular requirements ;

the appropriateness of the programme against the desired group award title .
the appropriateness of the programme against the [wanted] group award title .

If we can assist just one employee in every hundred to make a change to his or her lifestyle then we are having the desired impact . ’
if we can assist just one employee in every hundred to make a change to his or her lifestyle then we are having the [wanted] impact . ’

One of the desired effects of the Monopolies and Mergers Commission 's Beer Sector Report of 1989 was to encourage a more open and competitive environment .
one of the [wanted] effects of the monopolies and mergers commission 's beer sector report of 1989 was to encourage a more open and competitive environment .

Goneril and Regan know their father 's failings well and act as he wishes to obtain the desired results .
goneril and regan know their father 's failings well and act as he wishes to obtain the [wanted] results .

Even knowing he would die , and that the revolutions stirring over the planet would not create the Earthly paradise he so desired , Blake felt he could trust the stranger .
even knowing he would die , and that the revolutions stirring over the planet would not create the earthly paradise he so [wanted] , blake felt he could trust the stranger .

Ambivalence means that they both loved , admired , revered and desired to emulate him while simultaneously hating and fearing him and wishing to be rid of him .
ambivalence means that they both loved , admired , revered and [wanted] to emulate him while simultaneously hating and fearing him and wishing to be rid of him .

Thereafter the male priests dressed as women : ‘ To be filled with the Great Mother , to be possessed by her , was the only form of life they desired . ’
thereafter the male priests dressed as women : ‘ to be filled with the great mother , to be possessed by her , was the only form of life they [wanted] . ’

They are the desired state of affairs which the organization attempts to realize .
they are the [wanted] state of affairs which the organization attempts to realize .

Similarly , Pfeffer has identified ‘ dependence ’ as crucial to a group 's power , when the importance of a unit 's tasks are greater than any other 's : ‘ Power derives from having something that someone else wants or needs , and being in control of the performance or resource so that there are few alternative sources , or no alternative sources , for obtaining what is desired ’ ( Pfeffer 1981 , p. 99 ) .
similarly , pfeffer has identified ‘ dependence ’ as crucial to a group 's power , when the importance of a unit 's tasks are greater than any other 's : ‘ power derives from having something that someone else wants or needs , and being in control of the performance or resource so that there are few alternative sources , or no alternative sources , for obtaining what is [wanted] ’ ( pfeffer 1981 , p. 99 ) .

Goods are provided in this way because of difficulties in defining their desired characteristics sufficiently for private , profit-seeking firms to supply them .
goods are provided in this way because of difficulties in defining their [wanted] characteristics sufficiently for private , profit-seeking firms to supply them .

An early morning call from Doogie and Miranda left a lot to be desired , especially as it was not yet nine o'clock .
an early morning call from doogie and miranda left a lot to be [wanted] , especially as it was not yet nine o'clock .

The Marxist definition of class in terms of private ownership of the means of production used to work well for most First World societies , but it always left much to be desired in the analysis of the Second and Third Worlds where the larger part of the means of production are owned and controlled not by private capitalists but by state or parastatal enterprises .
the marxist definition of class in terms of private ownership of the means of production used to work well for most first world societies , but it always left much to be [wanted] in the analysis of the second and third worlds where the larger part of the means of production are owned and controlled not by private capitalists but by state or parastatal enterprises .

The question of which type of cell is most likely to give the desired result remains unanswered , but work such as theirs will help to elucidate this matter .
the question of which type of cell is most likely to give the [wanted] result remains unanswered , but work such as theirs will help to elucidate this matter .

For example , a production budget can only be constructed with knowledge of the forthcoming period 's sales and desired stock levels .
for example , a production budget can only be constructed with knowledge of the forthcoming period 's sales and [wanted] stock levels .

If detected in a wife or mother , the employment of a stout stick generally has the desired effect .
if detected in a wife or mother , the employment of a stout stick generally has the [wanted] effect .

It may be left blank if desired .
it may be left blank if [wanted] .

The user should enter the name of the desired package and then the package version . The package name must be entered in full , but the version number can be specified as one of the following :
the user should enter the name of the [wanted] package and then the package version . the package name must be entered in full , but the version number can be specified as one of the following :

For a process to be economically viable it is essential that the optimum yield of desired product is obtained from the raw materials .
for a process to be economically viable it is essential that the optimum yield of [wanted] product is obtained from the raw materials .

Kohler thought that insight , or sudden understanding about what is required to produce a desired effect was shown by the chimpanzees in his experiments .
kohler thought that insight , or sudden understanding about what is required to produce a [wanted] effect was shown by the chimpanzees in his experiments .

The main reason these managers have power is because they possess rewards desired by employees and have the ability to bring about undesirable outcomes for those that do not comply with directives .
the main reason these managers have power is because they possess rewards [wanted] by employees and have the ability to bring about undesirable outcomes for those that do not comply with directives .

The machine language code is suitable arranged so that the desired results are obtained .
the machine language code is suitable arranged so that the [wanted] results are obtained .

But in many cases , increased security measures simply lead to a greater thrill for the would-be shoplifters creating the opposite of the desired effect as thieves become more determined to steal .
but in many cases , increased security measures simply lead to a greater thrill for the would-be shoplifters creating the opposite of the [wanted] effect as thieves become more determined to steal .

Work systematically around the paving until the blocks are flush with the desired level as set by the edging blocks .
work systematically around the paving until the blocks are flush with the [wanted] level as set by the edging blocks .

During 1992 the Association developed a new four-year Corporate Plan which has eight objectives , each objective having several tasks necessary to achieve the desired results .
during 1992 the association developed a new four-year corporate plan which has eight objectives , each objective having several tasks necessary to achieve the [wanted] results .

It is now possible to transplant genetic material for a desired characteristic in a single generation , without the risk of adding undesirable genes .
it is now possible to transplant genetic material for a [wanted] characteristic in a single generation , without the risk of adding undesirable genes .

By genetic engineering , it is now possible to transplant genetic material for a desired characteristic in a single generation , without the risk of adding undesirable genes .
by genetic engineering , it is now possible to transplant genetic material for a [wanted] characteristic in a single generation , without the risk of adding undesirable genes .

Michael Cole , the media director for the House of Fraser , said on March 7 , 1990 , that the report was inept and prejudiced , while on the same day Sir Edward Du Cann , chairman of Lonrho ( which had itself desired to take over the House of Fraser ) , criticized the government for refusing to take action against the Fayeds and said that damages would be sought against the brothers through the courts .
michael cole , the media director for the house of fraser , said on march 7 , 1990 , that the report was inept and prejudiced , while on the same day sir edward du cann , chairman of lonrho ( which had itself [wanted] to take over the house of fraser ) , criticized the government for refusing to take action against the fayeds and said that damages would be sought against the brothers through the courts .

The previous government 's `` Summer Plan `` introduced on Jan. 15 , 1989 [ see p. 36393 ] , failed to produce the desired price stabilization .
the previous government 's `` summer plan `` introduced on jan. 15 , 1989 [ see p. 36393 ] , failed to produce the [wanted] price stabilization .

Dulles in any case made few friends among foreign politicians apart from the dour West German chancellor , Konrad Adenauer , and Jean Monnet ( chairman of the European Coal and Steel Community who was doing more than any other figure to create the sort of Europe desired by Washington ) .
dulles in any case made few friends among foreign politicians apart from the dour west german chancellor , konrad adenauer , and jean monnet ( chairman of the european coal and steel community who was doing more than any other figure to create the sort of europe [wanted] by washington ) .

In the first place Washington desired sterling to be maintained at its current parity of $ 2.80 .
in the first place washington [wanted] sterling to be maintained at its current parity of $ 2.80 .

Secondly the United States desired British military support outside ( as well as inside ) Europe for its self-assumed role of world policeman .
secondly the united states [wanted] british military support outside ( as well as inside ) europe for its self-assumed role of world policeman .

It is true that policy-makers in Washington often saw themselves as using financial inducements to compel the British to act as they desired .
it is true that policy-makers in washington often saw themselves as using financial inducements to compel the british to act as they [wanted] .

The objective of the Bank when operating in the money market is broadly to offset the cash flows between the Bank and the money markets and to leave the clearing banks within reach of their desired operational balances .
the objective of the bank when operating in the money market is broadly to offset the cash flows between the bank and the money markets and to leave the clearing banks within reach of their [wanted] operational balances .

It is true that , at first sight , the rescript left a great deal to be desired .
it is true that , at first sight , the rescript left a great deal to be [wanted] .

Writers from the twelfth century onwards like Bernard of Clairvaux , Thomas Gallus and Bishop Grosseteste stressed the role of the will , the affective faculty , in this knowledge which was the desired wisdom of felt understanding .
writers from the twelfth century onwards like bernard of clairvaux , thomas gallus and bishop grosseteste stressed the role of the will , the affective faculty , in this knowledge which was the [wanted] wisdom of felt understanding .

Jacob loved Rachel for whom he was set to work for seven years , but was then tricked into marrying the older sister , Leah , first , and working a further seven years for the greatly desired Rachel .
jacob loved rachel for whom he was set to work for seven years , but was then tricked into marrying the older sister , leah , first , and working a further seven years for the greatly [wanted] rachel .

This is the human nature ( the heritage of sickness ) with which every man is familiar , and which is nevertheless still capable of conceiving what is lost , just as health is desired by the sick .
this is the human nature ( the heritage of sickness ) with which every man is familiar , and which is nevertheless still capable of conceiving what is lost , just as health is [wanted] by the sick .

He finds a means of using the language of both physical experience and Scripture in an anagogical sense whereby mystical experience may be both recognised and shared by those to whom it is known , and to some extent desired , because imagined , by others less involved .
he finds a means of using the language of both physical experience and scripture in an anagogical sense whereby mystical experience may be both recognised and shared by those to whom it is known , and to some extent [wanted] , because imagined , by others less involved .

Just as the pilgrim who travels to the earthly Jerusalem leaves behind him all his possessions to enable his journey , so Hilton teaches that that which propels the inner journey is a balancing of the will and the mind in the simultaneous awareness that nothing is possible without God who must therefore be desired above all else .
just as the pilgrim who travels to the earthly jerusalem leaves behind him all his possessions to enable his journey , so hilton teaches that that which propels the inner journey is a balancing of the will and the mind in the simultaneous awareness that nothing is possible without god who must therefore be [wanted] above all else .

Hilton embodies his understanding of this journey in images of light and darkness based on an anagogical reading of two texts from Isaiah 26:9 : `` mi soule desired in `` and 9:2 : Habitantibus in regione umbrae mortis , lux orta est eis which he translates `` to the wonend in contre of shadwe of dede , was spronge `` [ wonend : dwellers ] ( 25.92r .
hilton embodies his understanding of this journey in images of light and darkness based on an anagogical reading of two texts from isaiah 26:9 : `` mi soule [wanted] in `` and 9:2 : habitantibus in regione umbrae mortis , lux orta est eis which he translates `` to the wonend in contre of shadwe of dede , was spronge `` [ wonend : dwellers ] ( 25.92r .

In order that the firm can communicate directly with any other parties it may be appropriate to include an authority to this effect in the letter ; it is also sensible to include a comment to the effect that there is always an element of trade off between absolute confidentiality and achieving the desired result .
in order that the firm can communicate directly with any other parties it may be appropriate to include an authority to this effect in the letter ; it is also sensible to include a comment to the effect that there is always an element of trade off between absolute confidentiality and achieving the [wanted] result .

This can be helpful to us but it may give rise to difficulties and require careful handling if the client 's writing skills leave something to be desired .
this can be helpful to us but it may give rise to difficulties and require careful handling if the client 's writing skills leave something to be [wanted] .

What is the purchaser 's desired timetable ?
what is the purchaser 's [wanted] timetable ?

Purpose of valuation — high value/low value desired ?
purpose of valuation — high value/low value [wanted] ?

This is a confidential document and considerable care is taken to ensure that it can not be related back to the company in question , although there is always an element of trade off between absolute confidentiality and achieving the desired results .
this is a confidential document and considerable care is taken to ensure that it can not be related back to the company in question , although there is always an element of trade off between absolute confidentiality and achieving the [wanted] results .

the percentage shareholding desired and the cash price offered for that shareholding .
the percentage shareholding [wanted] and the cash price offered for that shareholding .

This had the desired effect of quietening them again , and he acted while he still had them under control .
this had the [wanted] effect of quietening them again , and he acted while he still had them under control .

But it had the desired effect of snapping them out of their indecision and galvanising them into action .
but it had the [wanted] effect of snapping them out of their indecision and galvanising them into action .

It had the desired effect .
it had the [wanted] effect .

Computer software has been developed for the estimation of large systems of such equations subject to cross-equation restrictions and also subject to changes of regime , so that the model can be permitted to shift in the face of institutional changes ( such as the switch to floating exchange rates ) while certain underlying behavioural parameters , such as in the desired money velocity function , remain constant .
computer software has been developed for the estimation of large systems of such equations subject to cross-equation restrictions and also subject to changes of regime , so that the model can be permitted to shift in the face of institutional changes ( such as the switch to floating exchange rates ) while certain underlying behavioural parameters , such as in the [wanted] money velocity function , remain constant .

‘ The aim of positive reinforcement is to make the child want to repeat the desired behaviour .
‘ the aim of positive reinforcement is to make the child want to repeat the [wanted] behaviour .

Particular attention should be paid to the section linking regional and national squad development where this is desired and appropriate .
particular attention should be paid to the section linking regional and national squad development where this is [wanted] and appropriate .

Whether the new tax will have the desired effect and whether it will have an effective life-span ( there is in already a White Paper on ‘ Land ’ ( Cmnd 5730 ) ) are questions which can only be answered in the future .
whether the new tax will have the [wanted] effect and whether it will have an effective life-span ( there is in already a white paper on ‘ land ’ ( cmnd 5730 ) ) are questions which can only be answered in the future .

No one was certain whether or not this would have the desired effect but Party Politics produced a tremendous performance to win the Greenall Chase at Haydock , taking the lead a long way out and running on strongly .
no one was certain whether or not this would have the [wanted] effect but party politics produced a tremendous performance to win the greenall chase at haydock , taking the lead a long way out and running on strongly .

Desired improvements ;
[wanted] improvements ;

Batch processing is still the bread and butter work of the mainframes , and their on-line capabilities sometimes leave much to be desired .
batch processing is still the bread and butter work of the mainframes , and their on-line capabilities sometimes leave much to be [wanted] .

The correct staff number could then be entered directly from this selection screen to display the desired employee 's Personal Data screen .
the correct staff number could then be entered directly from this selection screen to display the [wanted] employee 's personal data screen .

Had he simply desired her he would have taken both her and the consequences then and there , booted that evil-looking brute of a dog aside , and made love to her , gloried in her , possessed her once and for all , on the hearth-rug .
had he simply [wanted] her he would have taken both her and the consequences then and there , booted that evil-looking brute of a dog aside , and made love to her , gloried in her , possessed her once and for all , on the hearth-rug .

At that level it was still murder she desired .
at that level it was still murder she [wanted] .

That Ben Braithwaite had most ardently desired her was beyond question .
that ben braithwaite had most ardently [wanted] her was beyond question .

To Daniel it was a battle worth fighting , an opportunity to be of service which he had long desired .
to daniel it was a battle worth fighting , an opportunity to be of service which he had long [wanted] .

The latter criteria obviously has a lot to do with the type of printer that you choose , but several notation programs give a printout that leaves much to be desired — even when the printer is a top of the range laser .
the latter criteria obviously has a lot to do with the type of printer that you choose , but several notation programs give a printout that leaves much to be [wanted] — even when the printer is a top of the range laser .

You can use the scroll bar in any one of three ways : by clicking on the left/right/up/down arrow boxes , by clicking and dragging the slider box to the desired position , or by clicking to either side of the slider box .
you can use the scroll bar in any one of three ways : by clicking on the left/right/up/down arrow boxes , by clicking and dragging the slider box to the [wanted] position , or by clicking to either side of the slider box .

But , to be fair to your potential customers , who could do this themselves , if they so desired , it seems to me that you have to treat the thing as a business from the word go , and try to bring something different to the market .
but , to be fair to your potential customers , who could do this themselves , if they so [wanted] , it seems to me that you have to treat the thing as a business from the word go , and try to bring something different to the market .

You can experiment with various resolutions and controls to obtain the desired result .
you can experiment with various resolutions and controls to obtain the [wanted] result .

Just for a few seconds she 'd fallen for the powerful aphrodisiac of music , her senses sharpened by aquavit and the potent charisma of a man who would stop at nothing to achieve his desired ends !
just for a few seconds she 'd fallen for the powerful aphrodisiac of music , her senses sharpened by aquavit and the potent charisma of a man who would stop at nothing to achieve his [wanted] ends !

Animal paintings by artists such as Ward and Cooper contained appropriate nationalist resonances coupled with the new upward directed social significations of agricultural practice desired by these purchasers .
animal paintings by artists such as ward and cooper contained appropriate nationalist resonances coupled with the new upward directed social significations of agricultural practice [wanted] by these purchasers .

Specific shapes can be related to if desired , as shown in figure 9.8a and b .
specific shapes can be related to if [wanted] , as shown in figure 9.8a and b .

Thus , any desired pattern of dots can be sent to the printer .
thus , any [wanted] pattern of dots can be sent to the printer .

Repeat step 2 until the desired number of realizations of the system has been attained .
repeat step 2 until the [wanted] number of realizations of the system has been attained .

In the first place he has desired me to say he would write but for his constant occupation .
in the first place he has [wanted] me to say he would write but for his constant occupation .

Who or what seems to be preventing the desired result ?
who or what seems to be preventing the [wanted] result ?

Retrieval requirements may necessitate a combination of operations in order to obtain the desired result .
retrieval requirements may necessitate a combination of operations in order to obtain the [wanted] result .

If the desired key is higher than this , the key is compared to the third quartile record ( if less , to the first quartile record ) .
if the [wanted] key is higher than this , the key is compared to the third quartile record ( if less , to the first quartile record ) .

The file organisation methods so far discussed do not respond to all the desired features of database systems .
the file organisation methods so far discussed do not respond to all the [wanted] features of database systems .

He argues that a demand which emanated from the earnings of export staples became itself the driving force behind even greater efforts to balance the increasing import of desired English manufactured goods .
he argues that a demand which emanated from the earnings of export staples became itself the driving force behind even greater efforts to balance the increasing import of [wanted] english manufactured goods .

Round tables and drop-leafs can be bought to act as library tables and sofa tables as described above , or there are large adjustable coffee and cocktail tables which can be raised to dining or lowered to coffee table height as desired .
round tables and drop-leafs can be bought to act as library tables and sofa tables as described above , or there are large adjustable coffee and cocktail tables which can be raised to dining or lowered to coffee table height as [wanted] .

He glared down at her for eternal seconds and then his mouth descended and Robyn felt the anger and fire , still there , but focused this time in the searing heat of his kiss , the grip of his embrace , the rough glory as his hands roamed her body , conjuring desire and need out of nowhere , moulding her to him , showing Robyn just how much she wanted him , how much he desired her .
he glared down at her for eternal seconds and then his mouth descended and robyn felt the anger and fire , still there , but focused this time in the searing heat of his kiss , the grip of his embrace , the rough glory as his hands roamed her body , conjuring desire and need out of nowhere , moulding her to him , showing robyn just how much she wanted him , how much he [wanted] her .

He valued ceremony , too , perhaps as a barrier , negotiable when desired , but inestimable as a means of maintaining distance during a parley .
he valued ceremony , too , perhaps as a barrier , negotiable when [wanted] , but inestimable as a means of maintaining distance during a parley .

‘ Your lordship desired to meet the man who can carry messages freely into Wales , and out again .
‘ your lordship [wanted] to meet the man who can carry messages freely into wales , and out again .

They had declared at his accession , they had repeated often since , that they desired him to reign upon the selfsame terms as his predecessors ; and yet they made him aware , whenever it was needful to ask for a grant of money , that in fact he stood upon ground subtly changed , and must ask as a favour what had been Richard 's unquestioned right .
they had declared at his accession , they had repeated often since , that they [wanted] him to reign upon the selfsame terms as his predecessors ; and yet they made him aware , whenever it was needful to ask for a grant of money , that in fact he stood upon ground subtly changed , and must ask as a favour what had been richard 's unquestioned right .

( Easy to adjust the dose , for the desired outcome . )
( easy to adjust the dose , for the [wanted] outcome . )

And — oh , she also wanted — no , desired — to stroke his smiling face , to run the tips of her fingers gently along the dreadful scar to show that she loved every part of him , to … For the first time in many months she contemplated the uncontemplatable , and thought that it might not be so with him , even though her heart began to thud uncomfortably at the very idea .
and — oh , she also wanted — no , [wanted] — to stroke his smiling face , to run the tips of her fingers gently along the dreadful scar to show that she loved every part of him , to … for the first time in many months she contemplated the uncontemplatable , and thought that it might not be so with him , even though her heart began to thud uncomfortably at the very idea .

‘ You knew very well what you were doing , ’ he replied , not giving her an inch of himself , wondering how he ever could have desired her .
‘ you knew very well what you were doing , ’ he replied , not giving her an inch of himself , wondering how he ever could have [wanted] her .

Nobody desired peace more than these loyal sons of the Catholic Church .
nobody [wanted] peace more than these loyal sons of the catholic church .

To ensure that the desired number of sons reach adulthood — allowing for miscarriage , stillbirth , infant death and , of course , daughters — a woman has to be pregnant as many times as possible .
to ensure that the [wanted] number of sons reach adulthood — allowing for miscarriage , stillbirth , infant death and , of course , daughters — a woman has to be pregnant as many times as possible .

‘ … And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food , and that it was a delight to the eyes , and that the tree was to be desired to make one wise , she took of the fruit thereof , and did eat ; and she gave also unto her husband with her , and he did eat … ’ And we all know what happened then — or do we ? Celia Kitzinger throws new light on an old story .
‘ … and when the woman saw that the tree was good for food , and that it was a delight to the eyes , and that the tree was to be [wanted] to make one wise , she took of the fruit thereof , and did eat ; and she gave also unto her husband with her , and he did eat … ’ and we all know what happened then — or do we ? celia kitzinger throws new light on an old story .

Women , especially married women , have increasingly desired to return to work and remain there by having a break to give birth .
women , especially married women , have increasingly [wanted] to return to work and remain there by having a break to give birth .

Putting aside the postcards that were sent to the Secretary of State , how many of the 226 written submissions were of the quality that he desired ?
putting aside the postcards that were sent to the secretary of state , how many of the 226 written submissions were of the quality that he [wanted] ?

Silas had visited his stepmother , even if the circumstances had left much to be desired .
silas had visited his stepmother , even if the circumstances had left much to be [wanted] .

Conservative law and order policies are humbug ? Do not the upholders of law have daily experience of the fact that the greedy society so desired by Conservative Members must inevitably be a bad one ?
conservative law and order policies are humbug ? do not the upholders of law have daily experience of the fact that the greedy society so [wanted] by conservative members must inevitably be a bad one ?

Changes introduced a couple of years ago are working well and the aggressive marketing that is now taking place is very much to be desired .
changes introduced a couple of years ago are working well and the aggressive marketing that is now taking place is very much to be [wanted] .

In order that our desired aim to assist one-person households is not blurred by lack of definition , the phrase in the present legislation ’ sole or main residence ’ must be defined beyond doubt .
in order that our [wanted] aim to assist one-person households is not blurred by lack of definition , the phrase in the present legislation ’ sole or main residence ’ must be defined beyond doubt .

It seemed unlikely that he would permit that — even if she 'd desired the privilege .
it seemed unlikely that he would permit that — even if she 'd [wanted] the privilege .

Her words had the desired effect .
her words had the [wanted] effect .

The result is that the unit price becomes even higher as publishers protect their desired profit margin .
the result is that the unit price becomes even higher as publishers protect their [wanted] profit margin .

Severe actions may be sanctioned against Ireland because it is naturally cursed , or because it needs extreme measures to bring it the fruits of reformation ( desired by God ) , or because it holds some particular horror for England which the English will deserve unless they do something about it .
severe actions may be sanctioned against ireland because it is naturally cursed , or because it needs extreme measures to bring it the fruits of reformation ( [wanted] by god ) , or because it holds some particular horror for england which the english will deserve unless they do something about it .

It also indicates the much more haunting proposition for Spenser , that Ireland may scourge England because that is what is divinely desired and there is no escape .
it also indicates the much more haunting proposition for spenser , that ireland may scourge england because that is what is divinely [wanted] and there is no escape .

Here desires to construct a version of the play that best reflects Christopher Marlowe is decidedly the result of continuities and exclusions recognised ( and desired ) by editors anxious to contain the play , to create a singular text where more than one exists .
here desires to construct a version of the play that best reflects christopher marlowe is decidedly the result of continuities and exclusions recognised ( and [wanted] ) by editors anxious to contain the play , to create a singular text where more than one exists .

The ordinary communication of words was inadequate to convey all she was feeling , all that she desired .
the ordinary communication of words was inadequate to convey all she was feeling , all that she [wanted] .

Other market roles invariably involve a search for the best exchange opportunities for translating an initially owned asset into something more eagerly desired .
other market roles invariably involve a search for the best exchange opportunities for translating an initially owned asset into something more eagerly [wanted] .

So images of organizations that are more like symphony orchestras or hospitals or the British Raj are surely nothing more than metaphors to express a desired feeling of togetherness — the togetherness produced by a conductor 's baton , the shared concern of doctors and nurses for their patients , or the apparent unity of the British civil service in India .
so images of organizations that are more like symphony orchestras or hospitals or the british raj are surely nothing more than metaphors to express a [wanted] feeling of togetherness — the togetherness produced by a conductor 's baton , the shared concern of doctors and nurses for their patients , or the apparent unity of the british civil service in india .

He had desired her once , and now she was his wife .
he had [wanted] her once , and now she was his wife .

That on my list of desired qualities , the word ‘ sophisticated ’ has to appear ?
that on my list of [wanted] qualities , the word ‘ sophisticated ’ has to appear ?

Some types of indexing are appropriate where it is desired to concentrate on generating excellent indexes .
some types of indexing are appropriate where it is [wanted] to concentrate on generating excellent indexes .

Many of the movements in the 1960s were reluctant to take this step , largely because of their hostility to the bureaucratic character of traditional parties , and they seem to have formed no clear idea of how the desired transformation of the economy , the political system and cultural patterns ( including education ) could actually be carried out in an effective way .
many of the movements in the 1960s were reluctant to take this step , largely because of their hostility to the bureaucratic character of traditional parties , and they seem to have formed no clear idea of how the [wanted] transformation of the economy , the political system and cultural patterns ( including education ) could actually be carried out in an effective way .

It had the desired effect .
it had the [wanted] effect .

He was used to working with crews who knew him and who , like his casts , were prepared to work round the clock to achieve the effects he desired .
he was used to working with crews who knew him and who , like his casts , were prepared to work round the clock to achieve the effects he [wanted] .

Luke 's kiss , withheld to torment her for a moment while he stared into her darkened eyes , was an insult when it came , and yet insufficient to her hunger , because his mouth was torn away from hers again almost at once , plunging to suckle hard at one exposed breast for several agonising seconds , the message blatant — she was desired , and despised .
luke 's kiss , withheld to torment her for a moment while he stared into her darkened eyes , was an insult when it came , and yet insufficient to her hunger , because his mouth was torn away from hers again almost at once , plunging to suckle hard at one exposed breast for several agonising seconds , the message blatant — she was [wanted] , and despised .

He looked alien and powerful , the master of her pleasure , giving and denying , tormenting while he delighted — about to become her lover and desired as such , although still a stranger .
he looked alien and powerful , the master of her pleasure , giving and denying , tormenting while he delighted — about to become her lover and [wanted] as such , although still a stranger .

The no-tax situation is not a first-best benchmark , since it may not correspond to a desired intertemporal distribution — and this may provide grounds for government intervention .
the no-tax situation is not a first-best benchmark , since it may not correspond to a [wanted] intertemporal distribution — and this may provide grounds for government intervention .

The impact on the steady-state capital stock , and level of utility , depends on the quantity of capital accumulated in the no-tax no-debt situation — whether in the absence of government intervention there is a desired intertemporal distribution .
the impact on the steady-state capital stock , and level of utility , depends on the quantity of capital accumulated in the no-tax no-debt situation — whether in the absence of government intervention there is a [wanted] intertemporal distribution .

She desired him , she found him physically attractive to a degree that still had the power to surprise her .
she [wanted] him , she found him physically attractive to a degree that still had the power to surprise her .

‘ Why ? Do n't you want to be desired ? ’
‘ why ? do n't you want to be [wanted] ? ’

‘ There 's a great deal of difference between being desired and having it spelled out ! ’ she insisted awkwardly .
‘ there 's a great deal of difference between being [wanted] and having it spelled out ! ’ she insisted awkwardly .

The material that follows in this chapter made be skipped by the reader , if desired , without interfering with the book 's continuity .
the material that follows in this chapter made be skipped by the reader , if [wanted] , without interfering with the book 's continuity .

Changes in desired nominal spending , that is shifts in the aggregate demand curve , can affect real output even when expectations are rational , but only if those changes in aggregate demand are random and unpredictable .
changes in [wanted] nominal spending , that is shifts in the aggregate demand curve , can affect real output even when expectations are rational , but only if those changes in aggregate demand are random and unpredictable .

Because households do not realize their desired labour supply , they will not be able to achieve their desired demand for goods .
because households do not realize their [wanted] labour supply , they will not be able to achieve their [wanted] demand for goods .

Here excess supply of goods means that output is determined by demand and firms can not sell the desired volume of output .
here excess supply of goods means that output is determined by demand and firms can not sell the [wanted] volume of output .

In particular , if product and impurity are chemically similar , their spectra are likely to be very similar too , and most of the impurity bands may be masked by those due to the desired product .
in particular , if product and impurity are chemically similar , their spectra are likely to be very similar too , and most of the impurity bands may be masked by those due to the [wanted] product .

Equation ( 5 ) suggests that asset holdings in the current period are dependent upon the expected future values of the variables determining the desired asset stock in ( 2 ) .
equation ( 5 ) suggests that asset holdings in the current period are dependent upon the expected future values of the variables determining the [wanted] asset stock in ( 2 ) .

In this instance there are reasonable grounds for assuming autoregressive behaviour in the target as the main determinant of the desired stock is the level of wealth .
in this instance there are reasonable grounds for assuming autoregressive behaviour in the target as the main determinant of the [wanted] stock is the level of wealth .

The lagged dependent variables suggest that adjustment costs are of importance whilst the presence of lagged determinants of the desired stock suggests that there is more in the data than a simple first-order partial adjustment model might permit .
the lagged dependent variables suggest that adjustment costs are of importance whilst the presence of lagged determinants of the [wanted] stock suggests that there is more in the data than a simple first-order partial adjustment model might permit .

She 'd long dreamed of being desired by a man whose need was so overwhelming that he would do anything to be with her .
she 'd long dreamed of being [wanted] by a man whose need was so overwhelming that he would do anything to be with her .

Harry was no longer looking at him , but felt sure he had leaned forward across his desk , as if their discussion were only now taking the desired direction .
harry was no longer looking at him , but felt sure he had leaned forward across his desk , as if their discussion were only now taking the [wanted] direction .

Banks will respond by trying to restore their desired ratios , following the course referred to earlier .
banks will respond by trying to restore their [wanted] ratios , following the course referred to earlier .

Suppose that banks operate with a desired ratio , , of reserves to deposit liabilities , ‘ the deposit ratio ’ and that the public holds a desired ratio , , of notes and coin to its deposits , ‘ the cash ratio ’
suppose that banks operate with a [wanted] ratio , , of reserves to deposit liabilities , ‘ the deposit ratio ’ and that the public holds a [wanted] ratio , , of notes and coin to its deposits , ‘ the cash ratio ’

On the assumption that there was some desired ratio of bankers ' deposits ( part of the monetary base ) to customers ' deposits below which banks would not wish to fall , then limiting the base by controlling these flows must limit the scope for deposit expansion and therefore for lending .
on the assumption that there was some [wanted] ratio of bankers ' deposits ( part of the monetary base ) to customers ' deposits below which banks would not wish to fall , then limiting the base by controlling these flows must limit the scope for deposit expansion and therefore for lending .

He desired her too ; but she had not lit a fire inside him as Aset had .
he [wanted] her too ; but she had not lit a fire inside him as aset had .

Thus in 1779 , when it was desired to refer to Choiseul 's despatches relating to the Family Compact of 1761 , they could not be found and copies had to be obtained from Madrid .
thus in 1779 , when it was [wanted] to refer to choiseul 's despatches relating to the family compact of 1761 , they could not be found and copies had to be obtained from madrid .

She could n't be at all sure that giving in to such an impulse would have the desired effect .
she could n't be at all sure that giving in to such an impulse would have the [wanted] effect .

He had made love to her because he desired her , and she had happily let him because she was in love with him .
he had made love to her because he [wanted] her , and she had happily let him because she was in love with him .

The last four articles in this section reverse this direction of gaze , where the accounts are ‘ looking in ’ instead and describing some of the personal struggles with regard to teaching and change — change either imposed from outside or desired from within .
the last four articles in this section reverse this direction of gaze , where the accounts are ‘ looking in ’ instead and describing some of the personal struggles with regard to teaching and change — change either imposed from outside or [wanted] from within .

Pleasure-seekers retire to the corners and find the privacy to enjoy their desired company .
pleasure-seekers retire to the corners and find the privacy to enjoy their [wanted] company .

On two occasions Shah Jehan went so far as to declare Dara his desired successor , while adding that the matter rested in the hands of Allah .
on two occasions shah jehan went so far as to declare dara his [wanted] successor , while adding that the matter rested in the hands of allah .

If it were clear when a party has formed an intention to incur legal obligation , if a person did commonly define the obligation he desired to assume in terms which left little doubt as to its nature , it would be unnecessary , and indeed merely foolish , to require an additional test of that intention .
if it were clear when a party has formed an intention to incur legal obligation , if a person did commonly define the obligation he [wanted] to assume in terms which left little doubt as to its nature , it would be unnecessary , and indeed merely foolish , to require an additional test of that intention .

… for an aspiring educational ideology to be able to mount a serious challenge at the national level it has to link three concepts together : the desired society , the type or types of educated individuals necessary for that society , and the educational means to fulfil these two ends . ( p. 13 )
… for an aspiring educational ideology to be able to mount a serious challenge at the national level it has to link three concepts together : the [wanted] society , the type or types of educated individuals necessary for that society , and the educational means to fulfil these two ends . ( p. 13 )

Davis , 1980 ; Salter and Tapper , 1981 ; Hargreaves , 1982 ; Whitty , 1985 ; Ranson , 1985 ) the ‘ desired society ’ and ‘ types of education ’ now reflect an ideology shifting towards instrumentalism and seeking vocationally trained citizens conforming to a narrow prescription defined by the perceived economic needs of the state .
davis , 1980 ; salter and tapper , 1981 ; hargreaves , 1982 ; whitty , 1985 ; ranson , 1985 ) the ‘ [wanted] society ’ and ‘ types of education ’ now reflect an ideology shifting towards instrumentalism and seeking vocationally trained citizens conforming to a narrow prescription defined by the perceived economic needs of the state .

This table is based upon interviewees ' detailed descriptions of their desired practice , not upon terms they used to describe them .
this table is based upon interviewees ' detailed descriptions of their [wanted] practice , not upon terms they used to describe them .

No mean problem , this , in a time largely deafened to such sober music , and were it not for the incomparable examples of Spenser and Milton , he might finally have despaired ; but what they in their day had achieved for their grave themes ought ( he had long believed ) to be possible for the richer store of myth and symbol at his disposal ; and now the lines had begun to move with the majesty he desired .
no mean problem , this , in a time largely deafened to such sober music , and were it not for the incomparable examples of spenser and milton , he might finally have despaired ; but what they in their day had achieved for their grave themes ought ( he had long believed ) to be possible for the richer store of myth and symbol at his disposal ; and now the lines had begun to move with the majesty he [wanted] .

Here Dickens stayed for his holiday one year , baulked of being able to rant Fort House as he desired .
here dickens stayed for his holiday one year , baulked of being able to rant fort house as he [wanted] .

In one study of primary schools , the 1918 Handbook of Suggestions for the Consideration of Teachers was quoted as making only one requirement of uniformity , `` the Board of Education desired to see in the teaching of public elementary schools … that each teacher shall think for himself , and work out by himself such methods of teaching as may use his powers to best advantage and best suited to the particular needs and conditions of the school `` ( Kogan 1973:145 ) .
in one study of primary schools , the 1918 handbook of suggestions for the consideration of teachers was quoted as making only one requirement of uniformity , `` the board of education [wanted] to see in the teaching of public elementary schools … that each teacher shall think for himself , and work out by himself such methods of teaching as may use his powers to best advantage and best suited to the particular needs and conditions of the school `` ( kogan 1973:145 ) .

Since the Carlists were unlikely to accept any kind of power-sharing arrangement , it was less a question of making a political pact with them than of imposing the desired situation on them and limiting as far as possible their capacity to reject it .
since the carlists were unlikely to accept any kind of power-sharing arrangement , it was less a question of making a political pact with them than of imposing the [wanted] situation on them and limiting as far as possible their capacity to reject it .

Risk control is the process of implementing the outputs of the previous stages in order to achieve the desired level of risk , initially in the decision making phase of a project , and subsequently throughout the rest of the project life cycle .
risk control is the process of implementing the outputs of the previous stages in order to achieve the [wanted] level of risk , initially in the decision making phase of a project , and subsequently throughout the rest of the project life cycle .

The desired levels of consumption and public and private investment would be achieved by taxation , increased State spending and the licensing of all private investment projects .
the [wanted] levels of consumption and public and private investment would be achieved by taxation , increased state spending and the licensing of all private investment projects .

The local authorities tended to be more generous in their revision than the Board desired but most of the arrangements agreed showed that the authority usually got its way .
the local authorities tended to be more generous in their revision than the board [wanted] but most of the arrangements agreed showed that the authority usually got its way .

And , the memo went on , it was his duty to make representations about the conduct of the exam ‘ where that leaves something to be desired ’ .
and , the memo went on , it was his duty to make representations about the conduct of the exam ‘ where that leaves something to be [wanted] ’ .

Local hierarchy did not always read off academic excellence as the desired end of local practice , so that there was less concern in these rural areas for the fate of the top few than for that of the majority .
local hierarchy did not always read off academic excellence as the [wanted] end of local practice , so that there was less concern in these rural areas for the fate of the top few than for that of the majority .

The provision of free secondary education did make it possible for many children to get more easily the education they desired .
the provision of free secondary education did make it possible for many children to get more easily the education they [wanted] .

Although it was desired to have as wide a selection of situations as possible in the stimulus set , caution dictated against simply selecting a random set of situations differing along multiple dimensions .
although it was [wanted] to have as wide a selection of situations as possible in the stimulus set , caution dictated against simply selecting a random set of situations differing along multiple dimensions .

Yet it took ten years for the pope to arrive at the point he had desired in 1199 , where he could treat the parties as equals , the one and the other , alterum et alterum as he says , and make his decision in Rome .
yet it took ten years for the pope to arrive at the point he had [wanted] in 1199 , where he could treat the parties as equals , the one and the other , alterum et alterum as he says , and make his decision in rome .

There is the scientific choice of which subjects , sub-fields , or areas of research should be funded ; and there is the institutional choice , of where the funds should be placed in order to achieve the desired effects .
there is the scientific choice of which subjects , sub-fields , or areas of research should be funded ; and there is the institutional choice , of where the funds should be placed in order to achieve the [wanted] effects .

None the less , it had to be faced that most , if not all , social science theories , with the possible exception of those of economics , left a great deal to be desired if quantification on the natural science model was to be achieved .
none the less , it had to be faced that most , if not all , social science theories , with the possible exception of those of economics , left a great deal to be [wanted] if quantification on the natural science model was to be achieved .

Nora 's abrupt departure had , at first , the desired effect upon John .
nora 's abrupt departure had , at first , the [wanted] effect upon john .

The Treaty also established mechanisms through which regional assistance could be directed , if desired .
the treaty also established mechanisms through which regional assistance could be directed , if [wanted] .

As long as any feudal dues remained valuable the lords desired to protect them , and rules about title to land at common law were developed to aid this process .
as long as any feudal dues remained valuable the lords [wanted] to protect them , and rules about title to land at common law were developed to aid this process .

If a simple test … is desired for ascertaining into which category a covenant falls , it is suggested that the proper inquiry should be whether the covenant affects either the landlord qua landlord or the tenant qua tenant .
if a simple test … is [wanted] for ascertaining into which category a covenant falls , it is suggested that the proper inquiry should be whether the covenant affects either the landlord qua landlord or the tenant qua tenant .

Line 23 of Extract 11 , though ostensibly intended for `` Courtney `` is actually for the benefit of the other women , and elicits the desired response — laughter — from them .
line 23 of extract 11 , though ostensibly intended for `` courtney `` is actually for the benefit of the other women , and elicits the [wanted] response — laughter — from them .

To animate a particular persona linguistically , a speaker must be able to access a stereotype of the persona 's group ; and in doing this , the speaker acts within certain constraints : Le Page 's `` four riders `` , which limit the speaker 's effectiveness in evoking the desired persona at any one moment .
to animate a particular persona linguistically , a speaker must be able to access a stereotype of the persona 's group ; and in doing this , the speaker acts within certain constraints : le page 's `` four riders `` , which limit the speaker 's effectiveness in evoking the [wanted] persona at any one moment .

Inside the government , he kept a close eye on the development of policy and frequently intervened to prod ministers in desired directions .
inside the government , he kept a close eye on the development of policy and frequently intervened to prod ministers in [wanted] directions .

‘ The firm name used by a multi-national partnership shall consist only of the name or names of one or more lawyers , being present or former principals of either the multi-national partnership or a predecessor legal practice , together with , if desired , other conventional references to the firm and to such persons ; or a name approved in writing by the Council as the name of the multi-national partnership or of a predecessor legal practice . ’
‘ the firm name used by a multi-national partnership shall consist only of the name or names of one or more lawyers , being present or former principals of either the multi-national partnership or a predecessor legal practice , together with , if [wanted] , other conventional references to the firm and to such persons ; or a name approved in writing by the council as the name of the multi-national partnership or of a predecessor legal practice . ’

18 . Where it is desired to afford members an opportunity of instructing the proxy how he shall act the instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the following form ( or in a form as near thereto as circumstances allow or in any other form which is usual or which the Directors may approve ) : —
18 . where it is [wanted] to afford members an opportunity of instructing the proxy how he shall act the instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the following form ( or in a form as near thereto as circumstances allow or in any other form which is usual or which the directors may approve ) : —

* Strike out whichever is not desired
* strike out whichever is not [wanted]

18 . Where it is desired to afford members an opportunity of instructing the proxy how he shall act the instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the following form ( or in a form as near thereto as circumstances allow or in any other form which is usual or which the Directors may approve ) : —
18 . where it is [wanted] to afford members an opportunity of instructing the proxy how he shall act the instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the following form ( or in a form as near thereto as circumstances allow or in any other form which is usual or which the directors may approve ) : —

* Strike out whichever is not desired
* strike out whichever is not [wanted]

The various parameters were tuned by hand in order to get the desired behaviour .
the various parameters were tuned by hand in order to get the [wanted] behaviour .

Those appearing before the Arbitrators may be accompanied by a legal advisor if so desired .
those appearing before the arbitrators may be accompanied by a legal advisor if so [wanted] .

In `` ideal `` circumstances , the male joker releases his frustration by joking about the woman with a second male — an inhibitor of the desired intimacy — who thereby becomes a conspirator with the teller in the indulgence in smut as a substitute for the sexual act .
in `` ideal `` circumstances , the male joker releases his frustration by joking about the woman with a second male — an inhibitor of the [wanted] intimacy — who thereby becomes a conspirator with the teller in the indulgence in smut as a substitute for the sexual act .

He obviously desired an immediate reply but nothing has come to light to suggest that there was one , favourable or otherwise .
he obviously [wanted] an immediate reply but nothing has come to light to suggest that there was one , favourable or otherwise .

The proclamation may not have had the effect which was desired for the next lease to come to light is 17 years later , between Sir John Pennington bart .
the proclamation may not have had the effect which was [wanted] for the next lease to come to light is 17 years later , between sir john pennington bart .

Where several holes were to be tired it was possible to set them off in a desired order by lighting in appropriate sequence .
where several holes were to be tired it was possible to set them off in a [wanted] order by lighting in appropriate sequence .

This time Lady le Fleming acquiesced to the plea and from the beginning of 1841 working continued at the desired one-fifteenth .
this time lady le fleming acquiesced to the plea and from the beginning of 1841 working continued at the [wanted] one-fifteenth .

After the battle Theodore absolved from their allegiance any of his followers who so desired , and despatched Cameron and the other European prisoners to Napier 's camp .
after the battle theodore absolved from their allegiance any of his followers who so [wanted] , and despatched cameron and the other european prisoners to napier 's camp .

Hyman , on the other hand , gives a functional definition of browsing : " Browsing is the activity subsumed in the direct shelf approach whereby materials arranged for use in a library are bed in the reasonable expectation that desired or valuable items or information might be found among those materials as arranged on the shelves ! " He seems to ignore the possibility of browsing at the catalogue and makes no distinction between types of users or their purpose .
hyman , on the other hand , gives a functional definition of browsing : " browsing is the activity subsumed in the direct shelf approach whereby materials arranged for use in a library are bed in the reasonable expectation that [wanted] or valuable items or information might be found among those materials as arranged on the shelves ! " he seems to ignore the possibility of browsing at the catalogue and makes no distinction between types of users or their purpose .

An engineer knows how different elements will behave and can combine them to give a desired effect .
an engineer knows how different elements will behave and can combine them to give a [wanted] effect .

It is only later that the effect of this spending becomes apparent and more money may have to be spent to reach an effect that is desired .
it is only later that the effect of this spending becomes apparent and more money may have to be spent to reach an effect that is [wanted] .

With synthesis there has to be a desired purpose .
with synthesis there has to be a [wanted] purpose .

Because some forming processes lead to materials with surface properties different from the bulk , it is necessary with a surface-based technique like this to take steps to ensure that the result is the desired one ; that is , of the bulk or of the surface .
because some forming processes lead to materials with surface properties different from the bulk , it is necessary with a surface-based technique like this to take steps to ensure that the result is the [wanted] one ; that is , of the bulk or of the surface .

His nature , which it might be argued he turned into Nature , always desired love and recognition , in a way that most of us do , but it seemed increasingly the environment in which he lived , and more especially the people which he met , denied him that .
his nature , which it might be argued he turned into nature , always [wanted] love and recognition , in a way that most of us do , but it seemed increasingly the environment in which he lived , and more especially the people which he met , denied him that .

The test meal consisted of ( ingredients per person ) : two eggs ( approximate weight 120 g ) , 50 g grated cheese , 30 g each of tomato , onion , mushroomm green peppers , and smoked mackerel , 10 g butter , one slice buttered toast , 250 ml lemonade , one small ( about 50 g ) apple pie , 50 g ice cream , and one cup of coffee ( with cream and sugar if desired ) .
the test meal consisted of ( ingredients per person ) : two eggs ( approximate weight 120 g ) , 50 g grated cheese , 30 g each of tomato , onion , mushroomm green peppers , and smoked mackerel , 10 g butter , one slice buttered toast , 250 ml lemonade , one small ( about 50 g ) apple pie , 50 g ice cream , and one cup of coffee ( with cream and sugar if [wanted] ) .

Our data suggest , then , that chemiluminescence may be useful as a new marker when determination of the disease activity of ulcerative colitis is desired .
our data suggest , then , that chemiluminescence may be useful as a new marker when determination of the disease activity of ulcerative colitis is [wanted] .

Measured aliquots of lipid stock solutions were used to produce a model bile with the desired composition : cholesterol — 10 mol % , bile salt ( sodium taurocholate ) — 72 mol % , phospholipid ( egg yolk lecithin ) — 18 mol % , total lipid concentration — 8.0 g/dl .
measured aliquots of lipid stock solutions were used to produce a model bile with the [wanted] composition : cholesterol — 10 mol % , bile salt ( sodium taurocholate ) — 72 mol % , phospholipid ( egg yolk lecithin ) — 18 mol % , total lipid concentration — 8.0 g/dl .

We begin with the dividend discount model ( 6.9 ) , and assume that there is a desired payout ratio of dividends to long-run earnings , .
we begin with the dividend discount model ( 6.9 ) , and assume that there is a [wanted] payout ratio of dividends to long-run earnings , .

In setting up the scheme , care must be taken to judge the range and slopes of the lines so as to maintain the desired balance in the minds of the contractor 's engineers .
in setting up the scheme , care must be taken to judge the range and slopes of the lines so as to maintain the [wanted] balance in the minds of the contractor 's engineers .

In extreme cases the project may fail to reach completion or reach it too late to make the desired impact on the market .
in extreme cases the project may fail to reach completion or reach it too late to make the [wanted] impact on the market .

For any given product line , projects can be divided into a small number of stages forming the framework of an activity plan which can be expanded in as much detail as desired .
for any given product line , projects can be divided into a small number of stages forming the framework of an activity plan which can be expanded in as much detail as [wanted] .

The amount of information per stage can be expanded at any desired rate while preserving the hierarchical presentation in levels of detail , combining accessibility and clarity .
the amount of information per stage can be expanded at any [wanted] rate while preserving the hierarchical presentation in levels of detail , combining accessibility and clarity .

Nothing in the system tells the operator when he has reached the desired temperature ; he can influence the temperature but he has no direct means of knowing the result .
nothing in the system tells the operator when he has reached the [wanted] temperature ; he can influence the temperature but he has no direct means of knowing the result .

He can see the effect of his manipulation of the gas tap and adjust the latter to stabilize the system at the desired temperature .
he can see the effect of his manipulation of the gas tap and adjust the latter to stabilize the system at the [wanted] temperature .

The system now employs feedback to tell the operator whether or not he is achieving the desired result and , if not , the size of the error .
the system now employs feedback to tell the operator whether or not he is achieving the [wanted] result and , if not , the size of the error .

The time needed to bring an innovation to the market is nearly always longer than the layman imagines and the accuracy of forecasts by those in the business leaves much to be desired .
the time needed to bring an innovation to the market is nearly always longer than the layman imagines and the accuracy of forecasts by those in the business leaves much to be [wanted] .

Hector Boece , first principal of Aberdeen , and John Major , teacher of Calvin ( though with results which that learned theologian would never have desired ) , were luminaries of the university of Paris .
hector boece , first principal of aberdeen , and john major , teacher of calvin ( though with results which that learned theologian would never have [wanted] ) , were luminaries of the university of paris .

The English king was being offered what English kings had so long desired .
the english king was being offered what english kings had so long [wanted] .

Its symbols coalesced ( with abstinence from all that she desired ) around the images of the Virgin , the angel and the arum lily .
its symbols coalesced ( with abstinence from all that she [wanted] ) around the images of the virgin , the angel and the arum lily .

It had anything but the desired effect .
it had anything but the [wanted] effect .

The paramilitaries felt , quite rightly as it turned out , that the politicians would use them when it suited them and then reject them once the threat of anarchy had achieved the desired end of bringing down Brian Faulkner .
the paramilitaries felt , quite rightly as it turned out , that the politicians would use them when it suited them and then reject them once the threat of anarchy had achieved the [wanted] end of bringing down brian faulkner .

Each detail must be designed to help create the right response , the desired mood — to bring you another step nearer towards achieving your goals .
each detail must be designed to help create the right response , the [wanted] mood — to bring you another step nearer towards achieving your goals .

The most fundamental reason was evidently that Hitler was proving incapable of bringing about the fervently desired end to the war , either victoriously or even through a creditable compromise peace .
the most fundamental reason was evidently that hitler was proving incapable of bringing about the fervently [wanted] end to the war , either victoriously or even through a creditable compromise peace .

On screen they had achieved the desired separation .
on screen they had achieved the [wanted] separation .

No matter how hard she protested that The Delinquents was not soft porn , the film transformed her into the sex-siren she secretly desired to become .
no matter how hard she protested that the delinquents was not soft porn , the film transformed her into the sex-siren she secretly [wanted] to become .

Nevertheless , quantities of food will need to be adjusted in order to achieve the desired weight goals .
nevertheless , quantities of food will need to be adjusted in order to achieve the [wanted] weight goals .

Yet if Eyre irritated those who desired no truck with the mystery of things , he revealed an unfashionable — though much admired — willingness to see the best in humanity .
yet if eyre irritated those who [wanted] no truck with the mystery of things , he revealed an unfashionable — though much admired — willingness to see the best in humanity .

Many drugs on the market today contain a mixture of right- and left-handed isomers , but often only one type has the desired effect ; the other may be inactive or even produce harmful side-effects .
many drugs on the market today contain a mixture of right- and left-handed isomers , but often only one type has the [wanted] effect ; the other may be inactive or even produce harmful side-effects .

Mr Heseltine , whose challenge to Mrs Thatcher put Mr Major into Downing Street , has got the job he has long desired .
mr heseltine , whose challenge to mrs thatcher put mr major into downing street , has got the job he has long [wanted] .

The fact that divorce is in many cases equally desired by both parties makes it probable that there may in fact be some collusion between them .
the fact that divorce is in many cases equally [wanted] by both parties makes it probable that there may in fact be some collusion between them .

All this could be done by giving a life estate to the head of the family ; with the remainder to his sons successively in tail-male , with remainder to the daughters in tail , subject to a rentcharge in favour of the life tenant 's widow upon his death , and in favour of any other persons desired to be benefited ; and with power to the trustees to create long leases in the property for the purpose of charging the lease in order to provide portions for younger sons and daughters who did not inherit the land .
all this could be done by giving a life estate to the head of the family ; with the remainder to his sons successively in tail-male , with remainder to the daughters in tail , subject to a rentcharge in favour of the life tenant 's widow upon his death , and in favour of any other persons [wanted] to be benefited ; and with power to the trustees to create long leases in the property for the purpose of charging the lease in order to provide portions for younger sons and daughters who did not inherit the land .

The limitations are then to the father for life , remainder to the son for life , remainder to the son 's issue successively in tail , and subject to terms concerning rentcharges and portions as desired .
the limitations are then to the father for life , remainder to the son for life , remainder to the son 's issue successively in tail , and subject to terms concerning rentcharges and portions as [wanted] .

Much the same result could be achieved by creating a trust for sale of the land ; that is to say , by conveying the land to trustees upon trust to sell , and to hold the income of the land until sale , and the proceeds of sale , upon trust for beneficiaries in any desired order .
much the same result could be achieved by creating a trust for sale of the land ; that is to say , by conveying the land to trustees upon trust to sell , and to hold the income of the land until sale , and the proceeds of sale , upon trust for beneficiaries in any [wanted] order .

Other methods can be used if it is desired to give him only an equitable interest in the land .
other methods can be used if it is [wanted] to give him only an equitable interest in the land .

It was Moore 's son , also William , who probably built the present house , to match his desired image of the new country squire that he was .
it was moore 's son , also william , who probably built the present house , to match his [wanted] image of the new country squire that he was .

The chain for ringing the bell runs down the house , through the first floor landing , where it can be pulled if desired , to the hall below .
the chain for ringing the bell runs down the house , through the first floor landing , where it can be pulled if [wanted] , to the hall below .

If David Gower 's captaincy against West Indies left something to be desired , his batting has given endless pleasure to millions of people .
if david gower 's captaincy against west indies left something to be [wanted] , his batting has given endless pleasure to millions of people .

The sight of a young woman alternately smoking her head off and chewing her cuticles left a lot to be desired .
the sight of a young woman alternately smoking her head off and chewing her cuticles left a lot to be [wanted] .

Admittedly , the claim that things are better than in 1980–81 leaves a lot to be desired as a pre-election boast .
admittedly , the claim that things are better than in 1980–81 leaves a lot to be [wanted] as a pre-election boast .

Yet , as a match , it left something to be desired .
yet , as a match , it left something to be [wanted] .

Looking eastwards , the feeling of being in every respect a superior people with a concomitant missionary task found the desired confirmation … The German question became the key to peace and security in Europe , and without its resolution no détente would be possible .
looking eastwards , the feeling of being in every respect a superior people with a concomitant missionary task found the [wanted] confirmation … the german question became the key to peace and security in europe , and without its resolution no détente would be possible .

He also ventured a definition of hegemony , ‘ the totality of all laws and other arrangements by means of which the leading power of a union of states can give the community the desired direction and the stamp of its own spirit .
he also ventured a definition of hegemony , ‘ the totality of all laws and other arrangements by means of which the leading power of a union of states can give the community the [wanted] direction and the stamp of its own spirit .

This highlights one of the recurring dilemmas in education , that is the difficulty of quantitatively measuring many of the desired outcomes of the education process .
this highlights one of the recurring dilemmas in education , that is the difficulty of quantitatively measuring many of the [wanted] outcomes of the education process .

This does not , therefore , purport to be a standard list , and it is recognised that an up to date and authoritative list is greatly to be desired .
this does not , therefore , purport to be a standard list , and it is recognised that an up to date and authoritative list is greatly to be [wanted] .

We understand that the funds are not being subscribed to as freely as is desired and one can hardly blame the executive for holding back until they feel sure it will be safe to venture on the definite undertaking .
we understand that the funds are not being subscribed to as freely as is [wanted] and one can hardly blame the executive for holding back until they feel sure it will be safe to venture on the definite undertaking .

Water pipes seen here are linked to the basin by corrugated , 15mm connectors . They can be bent by hand to the desired shape and secured by compression fittings
water pipes seen here are linked to the basin by corrugated , 15mm connectors . they can be bent by hand to the [wanted] shape and secured by compression fittings

An offset coupling is sometimes needed : these are simply turned to achieve the desired effect of connecting higher , lower or a little to one side — particularly important with a standard washdown assembly , where the flush pipe should be kept straight .
an offset coupling is sometimes needed : these are simply turned to achieve the [wanted] effect of connecting higher , lower or a little to one side — particularly important with a standard washdown assembly , where the flush pipe should be kept straight .

drawdown in stages if desired
drawdown in stages if [wanted]

It tries to define whether there is a gap between desired and actual performance , then to provide support to help bridge the gap .
it tries to define whether there is a gap between [wanted] and actual performance , then to provide support to help bridge the gap .

Non measurable standards , that is ones where you can not be certain whether or not a specific desired result has been achieved tend to cause trouble since they are easily challenged .
non measurable standards , that is ones where you can not be certain whether or not a specific [wanted] result has been achieved tend to cause trouble since they are easily challenged .

Step 9 Decide which triggers you intend to alter to discourage the unwanted behaviour or encourage the desired behaviour .
step 9 decide which triggers you intend to alter to discourage the unwanted behaviour or encourage the [wanted] behaviour .

Step 10 Decide which pay-offs you intend to alter to discourage the unwanted behaviour or encourage the desired behaviour .
step 10 decide which pay-offs you intend to alter to discourage the unwanted behaviour or encourage the [wanted] behaviour .

demonstrate that the proposal is capable of achieving desired outcomes
demonstrate that the proposal is capable of achieving [wanted] outcomes

Those to whom power is delegated often find unexpected ways of achieving the desired results , even demonstrating skills which they were previously not thought to have possessed .
those to whom power is delegated often find unexpected ways of achieving the [wanted] results , even demonstrating skills which they were previously not thought to have possessed .

presenter feels that a verbal presentation will maximize the chances of achieving the desired results .
presenter feels that a verbal presentation will maximize the chances of achieving the [wanted] results .

To achieve the desired balance and harmony , it is essential to develop a sense of personal purpose .
to achieve the [wanted] balance and harmony , it is essential to develop a sense of personal purpose .

There was something sad about the exchange — and a finality that he , by no means , approved of or desired .
there was something sad about the exchange — and a finality that he , by no means , approved of or [wanted] .

Snacks ( elevenses , tea , supper ) and any ( indoor ) exercise can also be taken when desired .
snacks ( elevenses , tea , supper ) and any ( indoor ) exercise can also be taken when [wanted] .

Close contact with animals and manure was not always desired , so an extreme solution was to move the farm buildings well away from the farmhouse — sometimes even out of sight of it .
close contact with animals and manure was not always [wanted] , so an extreme solution was to move the farm buildings well away from the farmhouse — sometimes even out of sight of it .

Following the divorce , the wife now desired to buy and run a small hotel .
following the divorce , the wife now [wanted] to buy and run a small hotel .

Admittedly , some facilities leave much to be desired .
admittedly , some facilities leave much to be [wanted] .

After the doctor has certified the cause of death , the body can be washed , dressed in whatever clothes are desired and hair brushed .
after the doctor has certified the cause of death , the body can be washed , dressed in whatever clothes are [wanted] and hair brushed .

It may be possible for the arrangements for the funeral to be made direct with the crematorium or cemetery and minister of religion if desired .
it may be possible for the arrangements for the funeral to be made direct with the crematorium or cemetery and minister of religion if [wanted] .

Critical appreciation was desired by fry as a necessary part of a course in art history ; , and is today naturally included .
critical appreciation was [wanted] by fry as a necessary part of a course in art history ; , and is today naturally included .

Choose plants that should reach the desired height without becoming bare or ragged at the base ( this can be a problem with berberis ) .
choose plants that should reach the [wanted] height without becoming bare or ragged at the base ( this can be a problem with berberis ) .

Clipping and pruning Hedging plants are usually cut back to half their height after planting to encourage bushiness , but some conifers are best left unpruned until they reach the desired height .
clipping and pruning hedging plants are usually cut back to half their height after planting to encourage bushiness , but some conifers are best left unpruned until they reach the [wanted] height .

Side leg exercises can be done to work the outer thigh area , and a wide variety of scissor-type exercises can be done for the hips and lower stomach areas , ( More advanced stomach exercises can be carried out using weights if desired . )
side leg exercises can be done to work the outer thigh area , and a wide variety of scissor-type exercises can be done for the hips and lower stomach areas , ( more advanced stomach exercises can be carried out using weights if [wanted] . )

Shaving the pubic hair is an alternative ‘ physical ’ approach , but nowadays there are several preparations on the market which have the desired effect rather more easily .
shaving the pubic hair is an alternative ‘ physical ’ approach , but nowadays there are several preparations on the market which have the [wanted] effect rather more easily .

You can create your own large scale charts , with a geographic grid if desired , containing specialist detail not recorded on published charts .
you can create your own large scale charts , with a geographic grid if [wanted] , containing specialist detail not recorded on published charts .

For the majority of men leading a fairly inactive life an intake of 1500kcals will probably produce the desired weekly weight loss .
for the majority of men leading a fairly inactive life an intake of 1500kcals will probably produce the [wanted] weekly weight loss .

Celano , in his Life of Francis , says that the brothers who lived with Francis ‘ desired to meet , and together they were happy ; on the other hand , absence was painful for them , separation was bitter and parting sorrowful ’ .
celano , in his life of francis , says that the brothers who lived with francis ‘ [wanted] to meet , and together they were happy ; on the other hand , absence was painful for them , separation was bitter and parting sorrowful ’ .

Test procedures are designed to provide the desired information in the shortest possible time .
test procedures are designed to provide the [wanted] information in the shortest possible time .

In order to bring about this desired acceleration , samples are subjected to the following test conditions .
in order to bring about this [wanted] acceleration , samples are subjected to the following test conditions .

Ploughing serves two purposes : to bury turf and weeds , eliminating competition with the desired arable crop , and to stir and mix mineral and organic fractions of the topsoil .
ploughing serves two purposes : to bury turf and weeds , eliminating competition with the [wanted] arable crop , and to stir and mix mineral and organic fractions of the topsoil .

Every held operation using tractors or horses inevitably causes some compaction and damage to soil structure ; it should therefore be the farmer 's aim to create the desired effect with the minimum of passes at exactly the right time .
every held operation using tractors or horses inevitably causes some compaction and damage to soil structure ; it should therefore be the farmer 's aim to create the [wanted] effect with the minimum of passes at exactly the right time .

Carried out in the wrong weather conditions it can produce the opposite to the desired effect .
carried out in the wrong weather conditions it can produce the opposite to the [wanted] effect .

His success depended , as so often happens in research , on entirely fortuitous events , of the kind which sometimes contribute as much as careful planning to the attainment of desired objectives .
his success depended , as so often happens in research , on entirely fortuitous events , of the kind which sometimes contribute as much as careful planning to the attainment of [wanted] objectives .

So curare itself was unsuitable , but a substance named mephenesin achieved the desired relaxation , by acting on the spinal cord rather than on the junction between nerve and muscle .
so curare itself was unsuitable , but a substance named mephenesin achieved the [wanted] relaxation , by acting on the spinal cord rather than on the junction between nerve and muscle .

The desired ratio of skull to muzzle is 3 to 2 .
the [wanted] ratio of skull to muzzle is 3 to 2 .

The desired colour is a uniform dark brown .
the [wanted] colour is a uniform dark brown .

The singer loosened the collar of his shirt and let his voice flow out as turbulently and tranquilly as he desired .
the singer loosened the collar of his shirt and let his voice flow out as turbulently and tranquilly as he [wanted] .

The photographic content , and captioning , left something to be desired , though .
the photographic content , and captioning , left something to be [wanted] , though .

Sheila could not have desired a worse profession .
sheila could not have [wanted] a worse profession .

When Cinemascope arrived many cinemas ‘ widened ’ screens by cropping the picture , thus giving the desired impression .
when cinemascope arrived many cinemas ‘ widened ’ screens by cropping the picture , thus giving the [wanted] impression .

We therefore have : 1 ) the malady if it is a malady ; at any rate it is assumed to be a malady by the proponents of incomes policy ; 2 ) a theoretical cause of the malady , which is not disputed ; 3 ) the practical demonstration that this cause has been in operation ; and 4 ) the psychological explanation why that cause is desired , fomented and sustained by Governments .
we therefore have : 1 ) the malady if it is a malady ; at any rate it is assumed to be a malady by the proponents of incomes policy ; 2 ) a theoretical cause of the malady , which is not disputed ; 3 ) the practical demonstration that this cause has been in operation ; and 4 ) the psychological explanation why that cause is [wanted] , fomented and sustained by governments .

It had simply been fun , the sort of fun she had with her women friends , except that she had also desired him , and he her .
it had simply been fun , the sort of fun she had with her women friends , except that she had also [wanted] him , and he her .

It was the child he had desired .
it was the child he had [wanted] .

Pound replied that Aristophanes might be depressing , and that to raise the heavy phallus to its desired height Dixie folk melodies might be more effective .
pound replied that aristophanes might be depressing , and that to raise the heavy phallus to its [wanted] height dixie folk melodies might be more effective .

Mrs Thatcher said economic sanctions did have the effect of depressing an economy and depriving people of jobs , but rarely if ever had the desired political effect .
mrs thatcher said economic sanctions did have the effect of depressing an economy and depriving people of jobs , but rarely if ever had the [wanted] political effect .

Appointment of new staff is not generally advertised , as this has not been found to bring the desired type of candidate forward .
appointment of new staff is not generally advertised , as this has not been found to bring the [wanted] type of candidate forward .

In 1771 , Miller 's successor , William Forsyth , reported to the Garden Committee that Mr Miller , an engraver , desired to view and take plants ‘ as may be of use in the work he is now engaged on ’ .
in 1771 , miller 's successor , william forsyth , reported to the garden committee that mr miller , an engraver , [wanted] to view and take plants ‘ as may be of use in the work he is now engaged on ’ .

The part of the Wallowa Valley desired by the Nez Perce in 1873 , and the completely contradictory area allocated them by the Indian Bureau .
the part of the wallowa valley [wanted] by the nez perce in 1873 , and the completely contradictory area allocated them by the indian bureau .

He felt sure that the current piece , delivered that very morning to a rapt audience , would have the desired effect .
he felt sure that the current piece , delivered that very morning to a rapt audience , would have the [wanted] effect .

This is important because it emphasises the purpose of analysis and will imply a desired standard of accuracy to be achieved .
this is important because it emphasises the purpose of analysis and will imply a [wanted] standard of accuracy to be achieved .

She was the only one encouraged by this choice of Uncle Knacker 's , recognising the touch of class she desired .
she was the only one encouraged by this choice of uncle knacker 's , recognising the touch of class she [wanted] .

Sam Sylvester , deciding that Nails 's home-life left much to be desired , set up what he called a ‘ tactful probe ’ into the Nicholson background .
sam sylvester , deciding that nails 's home-life left much to be [wanted] , set up what he called a ‘ tactful probe ’ into the nicholson background .

The début single had the desired effect of stirring up a wealth of excitement .
the début single had the [wanted] effect of stirring up a wealth of excitement .

So how would the mere existence of Labour Party membership cards in the North prevent the electorate voting themselves into a United Ireland if they so desired ?
so how would the mere existence of labour party membership cards in the north prevent the electorate voting themselves into a united ireland if they so [wanted] ?

Frank Sinatra , pacing the sound stage in his elevator shoes , explained they had all been up late the night before and that their performance might leave something to be desired .
frank sinatra , pacing the sound stage in his elevator shoes , explained they had all been up late the night before and that their performance might leave something to be [wanted] .

But , though they both admitted they desired it , they could find no way of ending the arms race .
but , though they both admitted they [wanted] it , they could find no way of ending the arms race .

Put simply , if no alternative is made available , the dog will eat the desired food , or in the desired location , eventually .
put simply , if no alternative is made available , the dog will eat the [wanted] food , or in the [wanted] location , eventually .

After reaching the desired revs by using the foot throttle , the driver then pushes the centre button .
after reaching the [wanted] revs by using the foot throttle , the driver then pushes the centre button .

However the quality of some of the fittings in our test tractor left something to be desired .
however the quality of some of the fittings in our test tractor left something to be [wanted] .

On bushes and standards , prune strong new stems to 4–6in , shorten weaker growths and remove very spindly tips on climbers ; shorten weak growth by half and stronger stems by a third or more according to desired height .
on bushes and standards , prune strong new stems to 4–6in , shorten weaker growths and remove very spindly tips on climbers ; shorten weak growth by half and stronger stems by a third or more according to [wanted] height .

He knew full well that the only circumstances in which a regional planning manager would not be expected personally to present his Ten Year Business Plan to the President of the Corporation was if he was already earmarked for promotion and it was desired to give visibility to his successor , or if he was on his way out .
he knew full well that the only circumstances in which a regional planning manager would not be expected personally to present his ten year business plan to the president of the corporation was if he was already earmarked for promotion and it was [wanted] to give visibility to his successor , or if he was on his way out .

But would she have endured a Jack on whom she had forced her will , who would sadly , perhaps resentfully , have given up what he desired in order to please his possessive wife ?
but would she have endured a jack on whom she had forced her will , who would sadly , perhaps resentfully , have given up what he [wanted] in order to please his possessive wife ?

Action with a scraper and wire brush , using manual labour , would give the desired result .
action with a scraper and wire brush , using manual labour , would give the [wanted] result .

Both types are adjustable and can be calibrated to give the desired strength of solution by turning a small screw set in the housing next to the discharge orifice or by a hexagonal key slotted into a screw at the back of the device .
both types are adjustable and can be calibrated to give the [wanted] strength of solution by turning a small screw set in the housing next to the discharge orifice or by a hexagonal key slotted into a screw at the back of the device .

It is supplied to commercial users in a roll and usually by weight in 1 kilo quantities to be cut to desired lengths .
it is supplied to commercial users in a roll and usually by weight in 1 kilo quantities to be cut to [wanted] lengths .

It is usually formed from lightweight prefabricated sections which are locked together to form scaffolding of the desired length and height on which boarding is placed for the working area .
it is usually formed from lightweight prefabricated sections which are locked together to form scaffolding of the [wanted] length and height on which boarding is placed for the working area .

It is not a measure of price for no matter how cheap a product is if it does not achieve the desired result it is expensive .
it is not a measure of price for no matter how cheap a product is if it does not achieve the [wanted] result it is expensive .

One or all of these points may have to be remedied at management or supervisory level before the desired performance from staff can be achieved .
one or all of these points may have to be remedied at management or supervisory level before the [wanted] performance from staff can be achieved .

Now published as a more affordable paperback , the book guides you through the process of taking photographs under most lighting situations and achieving the desired results .
now published as a more affordable paperback , the book guides you through the process of taking photographs under most lighting situations and achieving the [wanted] results .

His churches showed an equally acute awareness of changing fashions : the neo-perpendicular of his fan-vaulted church of St John , Edinburgh ( 1818 ) , which challenged comparison with anything in England at that date , was superseded by the elegant Early English and neo-Norman of the numerous churches he built for the Duke of Buccleuch in the 1830s , and in 1843 by the mid-Decorated of his St Mary 's , Dundee , in which he reproduced in a much richer form the arcades and clerestory of the burned-down medieval church instead of building the usual preaching box desired by presbyterian divines at that time .
his churches showed an equally acute awareness of changing fashions : the neo-perpendicular of his fan-vaulted church of st john , edinburgh ( 1818 ) , which challenged comparison with anything in england at that date , was superseded by the elegant early english and neo-norman of the numerous churches he built for the duke of buccleuch in the 1830s , and in 1843 by the mid-decorated of his st mary 's , dundee , in which he reproduced in a much richer form the arcades and clerestory of the burned-down medieval church instead of building the usual preaching box [wanted] by presbyterian divines at that time .

Alongside the rivalry which characterized foreign relations in the Middle East , most governments desired peace if they could achieve it without weakening their own position .
alongside the rivalry which characterized foreign relations in the middle east , most governments [wanted] peace if they could achieve it without weakening their own position .

Gardening : Leaves everything to be desired Fred Whitsey recommends acer trees for the best displays of foliage
gardening : leaves everything to be [wanted] fred whitsey recommends acer trees for the best displays of foliage

The nine-year-olds wanting to be thinner not only expressed a wish to lose weight but were already changing their eating habits to try to achieve their desired figure .
the nine-year-olds wanting to be thinner not only expressed a wish to lose weight but were already changing their eating habits to try to achieve their [wanted] figure .

If the desired shade is obtained with one coat of varnish stain , then further protection should be given with extra coats of clear gloss , satin or matt varnish .
if the [wanted] shade is obtained with one coat of varnish stain , then further protection should be given with extra coats of clear gloss , satin or matt varnish .

White French polish is milky-white and is used on bleached wood and marquetry , and in all cases where it is desired to keep the wood as light as possible .
white french polish is milky-white and is used on bleached wood and marquetry , and in all cases where it is [wanted] to keep the wood as light as possible .

Stencil ( form your own using card , if desired )
stencil ( form your own using card , if [wanted] )

The bench table is fitted with a very useful horizontal angleguide which can be locked into any position in front of the disc , or it can be locked at the desired angle while being free to slide in a slot parallel with the disc face .
the bench table is fitted with a very useful horizontal angleguide which can be locked into any position in front of the disc , or it can be locked at the [wanted] angle while being free to slide in a slot parallel with the disc face .

The 4320 jigsaw has a variable speed control mounted in the trigger , a lock-on button to maintain the desired cutting speed and has the air flow cleverly directed forward to clean dust off the cutting line .
the 4320 jigsaw has a variable speed control mounted in the trigger , a lock-on button to maintain the [wanted] cutting speed and has the air flow cleverly directed forward to clean dust off the cutting line .

Sometimes the closure of a through ‘ freight only ’ route and the consequent diversion of traffic fails to bring the desired results .
sometimes the closure of a through ‘ freight only ’ route and the consequent diversion of traffic fails to bring the [wanted] results .

We actively desired an ever closer union of the European peoples , but it was not laid down how and when this was to be achieved .
we actively [wanted] an ever closer union of the european peoples , but it was not laid down how and when this was to be achieved .

In this way the desired object has been achieved in the form of a signal variation which is the function of the external magnetic field strength .
in this way the [wanted] object has been achieved in the form of a signal variation which is the function of the external magnetic field strength .

This results in short positive pulses coincident with the core switching transitions to select the desired pickup of coil signals .
this results in short positive pulses coincident with the core switching transitions to select the [wanted] pickup of coil signals .

He also laid down certain rules fur balance , on the need to bend the knees always as a preparation for any kind of step followed by a stretch , on the vital use of the head and on the need fur the co-ordination of all parts if the desired movements were to be precise and elegant .
he also laid down certain rules fur balance , on the need to bend the knees always as a preparation for any kind of step followed by a stretch , on the vital use of the head and on the need fur the co-ordination of all parts if the [wanted] movements were to be precise and elegant .

Once again the umpiring , by two Pakistanis , left something to be desired , but Pakistan are a fit and talented young side with players of flair .
once again the umpiring , by two pakistanis , left something to be [wanted] , but pakistan are a fit and talented young side with players of flair .

This letter had the desired effect .
this letter had the [wanted] effect .

What would be desired , therefore , is a fundamental change in attitude among the British public to the whole subject of mental handicap .
what would be [wanted] , therefore , is a fundamental change in attitude among the british public to the whole subject of mental handicap .

When you are ready to go on to the next potency , the whole process is repeated with a single poppy seed granule of the desired strength .
when you are ready to go on to the next potency , the whole process is repeated with a single poppy seed granule of the [wanted] strength .

The patient was thin , desired salt , and has other symptoms allowing the selection of Nat .
the patient was thin , [wanted] salt , and has other symptoms allowing the selection of nat .

Most women who desired learning , however , acquired it by struggle , and in a manner which promoted a sense of inferiority even among the most gifted and widely-read women .
most women who [wanted] learning , however , acquired it by struggle , and in a manner which promoted a sense of inferiority even among the most gifted and widely-read women .

Stays would be tightened mercilessly to achieve the desired figure , and the image of women fainting because of over-tightened stays is a commonplace in the literature of the period .
stays would be tightened mercilessly to achieve the [wanted] figure , and the image of women fainting because of over-tightened stays is a commonplace in the literature of the period .

Its condition , therefore , left much to be desired , though according to contemporaries , the state of the Elysée was hardly better :
its condition , therefore , left much to be [wanted] , though according to contemporaries , the state of the elysée was hardly better :

What is certain is that the results of the Italian war of 1859 , though wildly popular in France , were far from being what the Emperor desired .
what is certain is that the results of the italian war of 1859 , though wildly popular in france , were far from being what the emperor [wanted] .

This insulting behaviour had the desired effect in that it raised tempers in Paris , where all political groups , together with virtually the entire press , broke out in a clamour of hostility to Prussia , at the same time castigating their own government for refusing to take a strong line .
this insulting behaviour had the [wanted] effect in that it raised tempers in paris , where all political groups , together with virtually the entire press , broke out in a clamour of hostility to prussia , at the same time castigating their own government for refusing to take a strong line .

If it had been only the Empress and a Court clique who desired war , things might have turned out differently , but given the wave of bellicosity which swept the entire nation , it would have required a miracle to produce a peaceful end to the crisis .
if it had been only the empress and a court clique who [wanted] war , things might have turned out differently , but given the wave of bellicosity which swept the entire nation , it would have required a miracle to produce a peaceful end to the crisis .

The idea was sound , but events of 14 July made it futile , for Bismarck 's telegram had the desired effect .
the idea was sound , but events of 14 july made it futile , for bismarck 's telegram had the [wanted] effect .

Make an assured and selective use of a wide range of grammatical constructions that are appropriate for topic , purpose and audience , and that enable the writer to vary sentence beginnings , achieve the desired emphasis etc , eg alterations of word order , lexical or structural repetition , passive constructions , adverbial connectives , elliptical constructions , non-finite subordinate clauses , and of a varied and appropriate vocabulary , eg colloquial , formal , technical , poetic or figurative .
make an assured and selective use of a wide range of grammatical constructions that are appropriate for topic , purpose and audience , and that enable the writer to vary sentence beginnings , achieve the [wanted] emphasis etc , eg alterations of word order , lexical or structural repetition , passive constructions , adverbial connectives , elliptical constructions , non-finite subordinate clauses , and of a varied and appropriate vocabulary , eg colloquial , formal , technical , poetic or figurative .

Pupils should come to understand that because writers are not able to use the voice to emphasise key points in a sentence , they have to use a wide range of grammatical structures ( such as the passive , or other alterations of word order ) to bring about the desired emphasis .
pupils should come to understand that because writers are not able to use the voice to emphasise key points in a sentence , they have to use a wide range of grammatical structures ( such as the passive , or other alterations of word order ) to bring about the [wanted] emphasis .

To obtain the appropriate qualifications , however , is a costly business , for the most desired are earned through attendance at expensive North American business schools .
to obtain the appropriate qualifications , however , is a costly business , for the most [wanted] are earned through attendance at expensive north american business schools .

Higher education is expensive in Latin America , and especially so the education , such as business qualifications from the United States , that is desired for running large firms .
higher education is expensive in latin america , and especially so the education , such as business qualifications from the united states , that is [wanted] for running large firms .

These factors again demonstrate why the wealth produced by productivity , on the basis of foreign capital and in a situation of unequal opportunity of access to qualifications , does not produce the desired trickle-down effect .
these factors again demonstrate why the wealth produced by productivity , on the basis of foreign capital and in a situation of unequal opportunity of access to qualifications , does not produce the [wanted] trickle-down effect .

But if a little exercise is desired , first cross the bridge on the Tan Hill road and follow a path upriver along the edge of cliffs and descend to another bridge to regain the Birkdale road , returning along it past the Force .
but if a little exercise is [wanted] , first cross the bridge on the tan hill road and follow a path upriver along the edge of cliffs and descend to another bridge to regain the birkdale road , returning along it past the force .

But these leave much to be desired — on three major grounds .
but these leave much to be [wanted] — on three major grounds .

The exclusion of the courts It has been argued so far that the methods of control and accountability introduced by the 1985 Act leave much to be desired .
the exclusion of the courts it has been argued so far that the methods of control and accountability introduced by the 1985 act leave much to be [wanted] .

As Henry watched her retreating buttocks , grinding out yet another dismissal , he tried to remember if there had ever been a time , years ago , when he had desired her .
as henry watched her retreating buttocks , grinding out yet another dismissal , he tried to remember if there had ever been a time , years ago , when he had [wanted] her .

At every stage , the physiotherapist checks that there is no spastic reaction arising from the movements being done : if necessary , she supports the shoulder girdle or elbow to help the desired movements to be made with full control .
at every stage , the physiotherapist checks that there is no spastic reaction arising from the movements being done : if necessary , she supports the shoulder girdle or elbow to help the [wanted] movements to be made with full control .

This is best answered by asking what the desired goal is .
this is best answered by asking what the [wanted] goal is .

And , if it is to be some planning , the need , then , is to focus on that approach which will best produce the results desired .
and , if it is to be some planning , the need , then , is to focus on that approach which will best produce the results [wanted] .

As many or as few as desired .
as many or as few as [wanted] .

In practice however it is possible to have a permanent majority which can deny the protest votes of minorities who are unable to bring about their desired changes .
in practice however it is possible to have a permanent majority which can deny the protest votes of minorities who are unable to bring about their [wanted] changes .

Fresh fruit salad topped with natural yogurt if desired .
fresh fruit salad topped with natural yogurt if [wanted] .

For those on the maintenance programme only : 2 oz Shape or Tendale ‘ Cheddar ’ if desired
for those on the maintenance programme only : 2 oz shape or tendale ‘ cheddar ’ if [wanted]

Sprinkle the grated cheese at this point if desired .
sprinkle the grated cheese at this point if [wanted] .

Sprinkle a little cheese on the top if desired .
sprinkle a little cheese on the top if [wanted] .

Prawns or sliced chicken can also be added with the bean sprouts if desired .
prawns or sliced chicken can also be added with the bean sprouts if [wanted] .

Serve hot or cold ( with Shape Single or ice cream if desired by those on maintenance programme only ) .
serve hot or cold ( with shape single or ice cream if [wanted] by those on maintenance programme only ) .

artificial sweetener if desired
artificial sweetener if [wanted]

Serve with Shape Single or ice cream if desired by those on maintenance programme only .
serve with shape single or ice cream if [wanted] by those on maintenance programme only .

Artificial sweetener to taste ( if desired )
artificial sweetener to taste ( if [wanted] )

If fresh fruit is used cook approximately 1 lb of fruit in very little water together with a sweetening agent if desired .
if fresh fruit is used cook approximately 1 lb of fruit in very little water together with a sweetening agent if [wanted] .

Serve hot or cold ( with Shape Single or ice cream if desired by those on maintenance programme only ) .
serve hot or cold ( with shape single or ice cream if [wanted] by those on maintenance programme only ) .

artificial sweetener for apples if desired
artificial sweetener for apples if [wanted]

Taste and add more salt or sugar as desired .
taste and add more salt or sugar as [wanted] .

The process of idealizing one 's partner , turning a blind eye to faults or discrepancies between what is and what is desired , can perform a useful function .
the process of idealizing one 's partner , turning a blind eye to faults or discrepancies between what is and what is [wanted] , can perform a useful function .

Other events , like the birth of a first child , are predictable and consciously desired .
other events , like the birth of a first child , are predictable and consciously [wanted] .

The brush-off seems to have had the desired effect .
the brush-off seems to have had the [wanted] effect .

To obtain a slot write , giving day of show , aircraft type , registration , point of departure and desired arrival time , to : For all other information on the show , and advance ticket booking , call 0959 540959 .
to obtain a slot write , giving day of show , aircraft type , registration , point of departure and [wanted] arrival time , to : for all other information on the show , and advance ticket booking , call 0959 540959 .

Evaluation may be somewhat subjective and less than mathematically accurate , but it must be attempted if the desired cycle of planning , implementation appraisal and replanning is to achieve its object of providing even better and more relevant training within the library .
evaluation may be somewhat subjective and less than mathematically accurate , but it must be attempted if the [wanted] cycle of planning , implementation appraisal and replanning is to achieve its object of providing even better and more relevant training within the library .

We may have some desire to be appreciated for our physical appearance , but most of us would hope to be desired for what we are down inside .
we may have some desire to be appreciated for our physical appearance , but most of us would hope to be [wanted] for what we are down inside .

By 1900 it must have been increasingly obvious that the policies of Frederick and Bismarck were not producing the desired effect .
by 1900 it must have been increasingly obvious that the policies of frederick and bismarck were not producing the [wanted] effect .

It was not a decision that was understood or desired by all Germans .
it was not a decision that was understood or [wanted] by all germans .

Great longing leaves the soul free to feel clearly and spurs the imagination to create what is most truly desired .
great longing leaves the soul free to feel clearly and spurs the imagination to create what is most truly [wanted] .

He eventually found that the ideal mix was 55 per cent Polled Lincoln Red , 35 per cent Polled Beef Shorthorn ( he had also succeeded in polling the latter ) and 10 per cent Aberdeen Angus , which improved the qualities he desired without reducing size and liveweight gains .
he eventually found that the ideal mix was 55 per cent polled lincoln red , 35 per cent polled beef shorthorn ( he had also succeeded in polling the latter ) and 10 per cent aberdeen angus , which improved the qualities he [wanted] without reducing size and liveweight gains .

If your skin is sensitive , it is best to start with a ½ per cent concentration and , if this causes no irritation , increase to 1 per cent , then to 2 per cent if desired .
if your skin is sensitive , it is best to start with a ½ per cent concentration and , if this causes no irritation , increase to 1 per cent , then to 2 per cent if [wanted] .

Sprinkle 5 to 6 drops of essential oil ( diluted in vegetable oil if desired ) to a bowl of hand-hot water and steep feet ( or hands ) for about 10 minutes .
sprinkle 5 to 6 drops of essential oil ( diluted in vegetable oil if [wanted] ) to a bowl of hand-hot water and steep feet ( or hands ) for about 10 minutes .

Lie down on the floor or on a firm bed supported by pillows if desired — one under your head and another under your knees which will support your lower back .
lie down on the floor or on a firm bed supported by pillows if [wanted] — one under your head and another under your knees which will support your lower back .

Some doubting townsfolk had their reservations , so Thomas offered that if it did not have the desired effect he would forego his fee .
some doubting townsfolk had their reservations , so thomas offered that if it did not have the [wanted] effect he would forego his fee .

Primitive as it may have been , the scolds ' cage had its desired effect .
primitive as it may have been , the scolds ' cage had its [wanted] effect .

We do not know which , if any , of them will have the desired results .
we do not know which , if any , of them will have the [wanted] results .

yet , as Lancaster observes ‘ Librarians do not exist merely to acquire books or to maximise the work load at the circulation desk : presumably libraries are in some way concerned with certain uses of books and with certain desired outcomes of the reading process .
yet , as lancaster observes ‘ librarians do not exist merely to acquire books or to maximise the work load at the circulation desk : presumably libraries are in some way concerned with certain uses of books and with certain [wanted] outcomes of the reading process .

The first requirement of the system is for the librarian at each service point to estimate the desired size of his stock on the shelves for each interest category .
the first requirement of the system is for the librarian at each service point to estimate the [wanted] size of his stock on the shelves for each interest category .

He then needs to estimate the desired shelf stock size for each category on the basis of this record of use .
he then needs to estimate the [wanted] shelf stock size for each category on the basis of this record of use .

They involve an agreement that the job will last for a specified period of time , although often provisions are included to enable the contract to be renewed if so desired .
they involve an agreement that the job will last for a specified period of time , although often provisions are included to enable the contract to be renewed if so [wanted] .

They involve an agreement that the job will last for a specified period of time , although often provisions are included to enable the contract to be renewed if so desired .
they involve an agreement that the job will last for a specified period of time , although often provisions are included to enable the contract to be renewed if so [wanted] .

You may , for example , have a powerful defence to a vague statement that your work leaves something to be desired .
you may , for example , have a powerful defence to a vague statement that your work leaves something to be [wanted] .

As well as asking why you have been selected as a redundancy candidate and , if appropriate , arguing that a fair procedure would result in the selection of one of your colleagues instead , you may find it fruitful to explore the other ways in which the company can achieve the desired savings without putting your job at risk . The possibilities include :
as well as asking why you have been selected as a redundancy candidate and , if appropriate , arguing that a fair procedure would result in the selection of one of your colleagues instead , you may find it fruitful to explore the other ways in which the company can achieve the [wanted] savings without putting your job at risk . the possibilities include :

The sulphur trioxide is in turn dissolved in oleum and sulphuric acid , with water added to dilute the solutions to the desired product strengths .
the sulphur trioxide is in turn dissolved in oleum and sulphuric acid , with water added to dilute the solutions to the [wanted] product strengths .

Although a fall root definition for each was derived , the model development was based mainly on the transformation needed , using the simple guidelines considered in earlier chapters , ie by defining the inputs and desired outputs , leading to an understanding of the change that the sub-system brings about .
although a fall root definition for each was derived , the model development was based mainly on the transformation needed , using the simple guidelines considered in earlier chapters , ie by defining the inputs and [wanted] outputs , leading to an understanding of the change that the sub-system brings about .

The desired output was considered to be finance adjusted to the correct level , with the transformation being the link between the two ( Fig 12.6 ) .
the [wanted] output was considered to be finance adjusted to the correct level , with the transformation being the link between the two ( fig 12.6 ) .

It was accepted from the outset of the study that it would be unrealistic to expect changes to be made overnight , and that a gradual evolution to the desired state would be necessary .
it was accepted from the outset of the study that it would be unrealistic to expect changes to be made overnight , and that a gradual evolution to the [wanted] state would be necessary .

It is not a work or method study exercise , but a way of establishing and monitoring agreed measures of performance , as a basis for determining whether action needs to be taken to bring this performance within desired parameters .
it is not a work or method study exercise , but a way of establishing and monitoring agreed measures of performance , as a basis for determining whether action needs to be taken to bring this performance within [wanted] parameters .

It sometimes helps to decide first the desired output from the system and work backwards to consider the input , leading to a statement of the desired transformation .
it sometimes helps to decide first the [wanted] output from the system and work backwards to consider the input , leading to a statement of the [wanted] transformation .

On the other hand it also allows new artistic effects to be employed if desired .
on the other hand it also allows new artistic effects to be employed if [wanted] .

The domestic empiricist is not concerned with the generalities or principles underlying the cooker or the car ; he or she sees what has to be done to achieve a desired end and that is that .
the domestic empiricist is not concerned with the generalities or principles underlying the cooker or the car ; he or she sees what has to be done to achieve a [wanted] end and that is that .

Nevertheless , with all their drawbacks , panels are interesting ways of collecting information and it is rather surprising that they have not been used more in academic research where ideas rather than pin-point accuracy of measurement may be the desired goal .
nevertheless , with all their drawbacks , panels are interesting ways of collecting information and it is rather surprising that they have not been used more in academic research where ideas rather than pin-point accuracy of measurement may be the [wanted] goal .

This is not to be desired but analysed .
this is not to be [wanted] but analysed .

Sometimes there appeared to be justification enough — even if the manner of the dismissal left something to be desired .
sometimes there appeared to be justification enough — even if the manner of the dismissal left something to be [wanted] .

If the right margin is altered move the page number to keep the two in alignment , if so desired .
if the right margin is altered move the page number to keep the two in alignment , if so [wanted] .

Balance is also important if a display is to achieve the desired effect .
balance is also important if a display is to achieve the [wanted] effect .

The society now moved from the rather passive position of regretting ( as it did on 5 August 1789 ) that ‘ there was no appropriate educational establishment in England for the desired improvement of farriery ( in this context comprehending the medical treatment of horses , cattle and sheep ) by a regular education in that science on medical and anatomical principles ’ , to a positive position of recommending such an institution as had been established in France , Germany and elsewhere on the Continent , as being necessary in this country .
the society now moved from the rather passive position of regretting ( as it did on 5 august 1789 ) that ‘ there was no appropriate educational establishment in england for the [wanted] improvement of farriery ( in this context comprehending the medical treatment of horses , cattle and sheep ) by a regular education in that science on medical and anatomical principles ’ , to a positive position of recommending such an institution as had been established in france , germany and elsewhere on the continent , as being necessary in this country .

The committee was seriously convinced of the benefits that must result from an institution to cultivate and teach veterinary medicine ; the object of this committee 's concern , and that of Vial , were one and the same ; and it was greatly to be desired that the two plans — that of the Odiham Agricultural Society and that of Vial — ( which may be termed the Alfort plan ) should be consolidated into one .
the committee was seriously convinced of the benefits that must result from an institution to cultivate and teach veterinary medicine ; the object of this committee 's concern , and that of vial , were one and the same ; and it was greatly to be [wanted] that the two plans — that of the odiham agricultural society and that of vial — ( which may be termed the alfort plan ) should be consolidated into one .

Those who heard him lecture remarked on the way he seized on and illustrated the most interesting parts of his subject , so that he was intelligible to the novice and listened to with pleasure by even the best informed , generally leading his class unresistingly to the desired conclusion .
those who heard him lecture remarked on the way he seized on and illustrated the most interesting parts of his subject , so that he was intelligible to the novice and listened to with pleasure by even the best informed , generally leading his class unresistingly to the [wanted] conclusion .

This gives rise to difficulties in serving an abatement or prohibition notice , as it is not possible to specify any works to abate the odour , and yet a notice which merely requires the recipient to take steps to abate the odour , is unlikely to achieve the desired effect .
this gives rise to difficulties in serving an abatement or prohibition notice , as it is not possible to specify any works to abate the odour , and yet a notice which merely requires the recipient to take steps to abate the odour , is unlikely to achieve the [wanted] effect .

If you do just one thing in isolation it probably will not have the desired effect because people gain a general , overall impression from a combination of :
if you do just one thing in isolation it probably will not have the [wanted] effect because people gain a general , overall impression from a combination of :

Whenever you fail to produce desired results , assume that the failure resulted from things you did rather than being caused by other factors that were ‘ beyond your control ’ .
whenever you fail to produce [wanted] results , assume that the failure resulted from things you did rather than being caused by other factors that were ‘ beyond your control ’ .

Even when you succeed in producing desired results , periodically review your own actions and list what you could have done better .
even when you succeed in producing [wanted] results , periodically review your own actions and list what you could have done better .

The child 's diet , as that of all of us , left much to be desired .
the child 's diet , as that of all of us , left much to be [wanted] .

Arguably the process of centralization which has taken place could be presented as a necessary precursor to the decentralization of power which is desired .
arguably the process of centralization which has taken place could be presented as a necessary precursor to the decentralization of power which is [wanted] .

Alternate with low-alcohol/alcohol-free drinks with food ; drink with an equal measure of water ; try two or three AFDs — alcohol-free days — each week ; cut out altogether , if desired .
alternate with low-alcohol/alcohol-free drinks with food ; drink with an equal measure of water ; try two or three afds — alcohol-free days — each week ; cut out altogether , if [wanted] .

Chop onion and chicken into small pieces and cook with petits pois in water or , if desired , white wine with water , in the wok or frying pan for 10 minutes .
chop onion and chicken into small pieces and cook with petits pois in water or , if [wanted] , white wine with water , in the wok or frying pan for 10 minutes .

Garnish with wedges of lemon and , if desired , large prawns and mussels .
garnish with wedges of lemon and , if [wanted] , large prawns and mussels .

You will get the desired effect , but you will also have slippery tack .
you will get the [wanted] effect , but you will also have slippery tack .

As all Sainsbury 's wines , Vintage Selection or otherwise , are carefully described both on the bottle and on the shelf or rack ( and you can immediately spot the Vintage Selection area in your store because the wine is stored in special racks ) , you can find something of the right character and desired sweetness with complete confidence .
as all sainsbury 's wines , vintage selection or otherwise , are carefully described both on the bottle and on the shelf or rack ( and you can immediately spot the vintage selection area in your store because the wine is stored in special racks ) , you can find something of the right character and [wanted] sweetness with complete confidence .

This gives a new ion ( 2 ) in which the rhodium has the higher formal oxidation state of +3 and its desired complement of six ligands .
this gives a new ion ( 2 ) in which the rhodium has the higher formal oxidation state of +3 and its [wanted] complement of six ligands .

This gives a new ion ( 2 ) in which the rhodium has the higher formal oxidation state of +3 and its desired complement of six ligands .
this gives a new ion ( 2 ) in which the rhodium has the higher formal oxidation state of +3 and its [wanted] complement of six ligands .

In particular , can we move one piece into a desired position while disturbing only a few others ?
in particular , can we move one piece into a [wanted] position while disturbing only a few others ?

The early fusion experiments looked as if they were making great strides toward the desired goal .
the early fusion experiments looked as if they were making great strides toward the [wanted] goal .

This was the desired ‘ safety ’ lamp .
this was the [wanted] ‘ safety ’ lamp .

The simplest way is to freeze into the matrix a precursor that decomposes to the desired fragment when irradiated with light .
the simplest way is to freeze into the matrix a precursor that decomposes to the [wanted] fragment when irradiated with light .

When excited by heat or light , the stable part splits off leaving the desired fragment .
when excited by heat or light , the stable part splits off leaving the [wanted] fragment .

It may well be that machine-marked multiple choice type questions may prove inappropriate instruments for measuring or achieving desired curricular goals such as content or skills in Environmental Studies .
it may well be that machine-marked multiple choice type questions may prove inappropriate instruments for measuring or achieving [wanted] curricular goals such as content or skills in environmental studies .

This great weakness of vulnerability to fragmentation , is to be found in all established religions and it is this which has prevented any of them ever being able to offer to the rest of the world anything even approaching a promise of the universal happiness that is so desired .
this great weakness of vulnerability to fragmentation , is to be found in all established religions and it is this which has prevented any of them ever being able to offer to the rest of the world anything even approaching a promise of the universal happiness that is so [wanted] .

The desired religion therefore , must be acceptable , on the one hand to those who follow it because their belief is founded on logic-induced conviction , and on the other hand to those who come to believe , because tentative faith has been given them by others and who have reached conviction through experience .
the [wanted] religion therefore , must be acceptable , on the one hand to those who follow it because their belief is founded on logic-induced conviction , and on the other hand to those who come to believe , because tentative faith has been given them by others and who have reached conviction through experience .

It must be conceded that the process had for its ‘ desired end ’ , the production of a being capable of experiencing what was eventually to become the enjoyment of life .
it must be conceded that the process had for its ‘ [wanted] end ’ , the production of a being capable of experiencing what was eventually to become the enjoyment of life .

Therefore each of those ‘ events ’ either helped , or did not help , the attainment of the desired end .
therefore each of those ‘ events ’ either helped , or did not help , the attainment of the [wanted] end .

It is the definition of the ‘ desired end ’ that is the crux of the whole mystery of life .
it is the definition of the ‘ [wanted] end ’ that is the crux of the whole mystery of life .

All that follows will be based on the assumption that the desired purpose of life is that it should be enjoyed , and that this is an irrefutable fact .
all that follows will be based on the assumption that the [wanted] purpose of life is that it should be enjoyed , and that this is an irrefutable fact .

Therefore , those ‘ events ’ which enhanced the desired end must be designated ‘ good ’ , and moved into the position where they are acknowledged to be the very origin of the concept of ‘ goodness ’ .
therefore , those ‘ events ’ which enhanced the [wanted] end must be designated ‘ good ’ , and moved into the position where they are acknowledged to be the very origin of the concept of ‘ goodness ’ .

It does not require a great deal of imagination to accept that the unit of physical matter could be the product of a ‘ good ’ event if it contributed towards the desired end of a happy human race , but it does require a measure of mental effort to accept that each unit of ‘ good ’ produced a corresponding unit contributing towards God , that is , a unit of Godliness .
it does not require a great deal of imagination to accept that the unit of physical matter could be the product of a ‘ good ’ event if it contributed towards the [wanted] end of a happy human race , but it does require a measure of mental effort to accept that each unit of ‘ good ’ produced a corresponding unit contributing towards god , that is , a unit of godliness .

The reason could very well have been that he simply desired to do it .
the reason could very well have been that he simply [wanted] to do it .

For example , he could not enjoy the power and obvious pleasures of flight , in all probability experienced at some evolutionary stage and retained as a residual ‘ desire ’ , and at the same time be strong enough to do other desired things .
for example , he could not enjoy the power and obvious pleasures of flight , in all probability experienced at some evolutionary stage and retained as a residual ‘ desire ’ , and at the same time be strong enough to do other [wanted] things .

In the minds of men the Created God could , in the course of time , become personified as the immortal keeper of the good which ensures the continuing development of life in accordance with the desired pattern , but that personification should never be allowed to cloud the origins of the Created God , which came from life .
in the minds of men the created god could , in the course of time , become personified as the immortal keeper of the good which ensures the continuing development of life in accordance with the [wanted] pattern , but that personification should never be allowed to cloud the origins of the created god , which came from life .

Alternatively the ‘ success ’ in ( 37 ) could have been the product of into him by evolution , thereby providing him with the power to bring about the desired result himself .
alternatively the ‘ success ’ in ( 37 ) could have been the product of into him by evolution , thereby providing him with the power to bring about the [wanted] result himself .

All bodily functions , particularly those related to the healing processes need the help of the mind , and the mind requires knowledge of thought processes which can produce the desired result .
all bodily functions , particularly those related to the healing processes need the help of the mind , and the mind requires knowledge of thought processes which can produce the [wanted] result .

The challenge to take hold of the world and mould it into the Utopia so desired has so far not been seen by humanity to be what it is .
the challenge to take hold of the world and mould it into the utopia so [wanted] has so far not been seen by humanity to be what it is .

Nevertheless , to bring about the desired end , the ultimate goal must be the establishment of but one religion world-wide based on a well-defined ‘ god ’ that can be justified in all languages .
nevertheless , to bring about the [wanted] end , the ultimate goal must be the establishment of but one religion world-wide based on a well-defined ‘ god ’ that can be justified in all languages .

The gentlest way of doing this is to use the effect of the deprivation of something desired , and where the training of children is concerned , that something need be nothing other than the temporary withholding of manifestations of love .
the gentlest way of doing this is to use the effect of the deprivation of something [wanted] , and where the training of children is concerned , that something need be nothing other than the temporary withholding of manifestations of love .

The fact that some young people leave much to be desired in terms of appearance , behaviour , and attitudes ( perhaps personal hygiene , too ) is as irrelevant in this context of quality of service as the fact that many adult users of services are odd , rude , and aggressive .
the fact that some young people leave much to be [wanted] in terms of appearance , behaviour , and attitudes ( perhaps personal hygiene , too ) is as irrelevant in this context of quality of service as the fact that many adult users of services are odd , rude , and aggressive .

Bukharin , since he was writing for a somewhat different purpose — at that point in his exposition — did not assume or leave implicit the equilibrium between society and nature , but instead desired to show that it is a necessary basis , precondition , for the situation that Marx dealt with .
bukharin , since he was writing for a somewhat different purpose — at that point in his exposition — did not assume or leave implicit the equilibrium between society and nature , but instead [wanted] to show that it is a necessary basis , precondition , for the situation that marx dealt with .

After the traumas of war , revolution and civil war he thought that it was necessary to have a prolonged period of social and political peace which would provide the correct climate for the economic growth that all desired .
after the traumas of war , revolution and civil war he thought that it was necessary to have a prolonged period of social and political peace which would provide the correct climate for the economic growth that all [wanted] .

Tranquilliser addiction , unlike alcohol and illegal drug addiction , is a prescribed problem which cause long term distress instead of the desired short term cure .
tranquilliser addiction , unlike alcohol and illegal drug addiction , is a prescribed problem which cause long term distress instead of the [wanted] short term cure .

Like the chimpanzees , the ability of bluetits to learn the complex series of manoeuvres required to release a peanut from a special trick-feeder is no more difficult than many of the activities it learns during the course of its life , seeking out insects and seeds from the most intricate of places , getting itself and its beak into just the right position to extract the desired morsel .
like the chimpanzees , the ability of bluetits to learn the complex series of manoeuvres required to release a peanut from a special trick-feeder is no more difficult than many of the activities it learns during the course of its life , seeking out insects and seeds from the most intricate of places , getting itself and its beak into just the right position to extract the [wanted] morsel .

Women who desired children would visit the King Stone , Warwickshire , at full moon and rub their breasts on its surface .
women who [wanted] children would visit the king stone , warwickshire , at full moon and rub their breasts on its surface .

It has to be admitted that the sound quality on some of these recordings at times leaves something to be desired , and some listeners may no doubt be disturbed by the occasional fluctuations of pitch , as in the Lohengrin Prelude .
it has to be admitted that the sound quality on some of these recordings at times leaves something to be [wanted] , and some listeners may no doubt be disturbed by the occasional fluctuations of pitch , as in the lohengrin prelude .

Technology is ‘ old-style ’ Philips 16 bit , the system that preceded the current and mor fashionable Bitstream process , but which has been found to be easier to ‘ tweak ’ for a desired effect .
technology is ‘ old-style ’ philips 16 bit , the system that preceded the current and mor fashionable bitstream process , but which has been found to be easier to ‘ tweak ’ for a [wanted] effect .

Soft linings for dentures , which are required or at least desired by many patients , are a challenging research problem .
soft linings for dentures , which are required or at least [wanted] by many patients , are a challenging research problem .

Meanwhile , in Edinburgh , there were also a number of deaf adults , former pupils of the Edinburgh Institution , who desired a meeting place for prayers and social contact .
meanwhile , in edinburgh , there were also a number of deaf adults , former pupils of the edinburgh institution , who [wanted] a meeting place for prayers and social contact .

Shortly afterwards , his former employer Mr. Groves desired a tutor for his children when he went on a missionary tour of the Middle East , and selected Kitto for the position .
shortly afterwards , his former employer mr. groves [wanted] a tutor for his children when he went on a missionary tour of the middle east , and selected kitto for the position .

It was originally founded as the Deaf Friends ' Club for the oral deaf who desired to have the opportunity of meeting together for social intercourse and mutual improvement .
it was originally founded as the deaf friends ' club for the oral deaf who [wanted] to have the opportunity of meeting together for social intercourse and mutual improvement .

Selective reinforcement , the rewarding of required and approved behaviour , can be a useful technique for teachers , where praise and approval are used for shaping and maintaining desired student performance , especially in the early stages of learning when students need this kind of reassurance and when the work itself has not yet become intrinsically satisfying .
selective reinforcement , the rewarding of required and approved behaviour , can be a useful technique for teachers , where praise and approval are used for shaping and maintaining [wanted] student performance , especially in the early stages of learning when students need this kind of reassurance and when the work itself has not yet become intrinsically satisfying .

During the process of learning the student is working to achieve something ; knowledge of how close her performance is approximating to the desired goal not only has a motivating effect , but if given in sufficient detail provides information which enables her to adjust her learning nearer to the goal .
during the process of learning the student is working to achieve something ; knowledge of how close her performance is approximating to the [wanted] goal not only has a motivating effect , but if given in sufficient detail provides information which enables her to adjust her learning nearer to the goal .

If repeated showing is desired , this is possible until the idea is fully understood .
if repeated showing is [wanted] , this is possible until the idea is fully understood .

However , there seemed to be a risk of a further overdose because it was clear that this one had not produced the desired effect .
however , there seemed to be a risk of a further overdose because it was clear that this one had not produced the [wanted] effect .

Was n't easy to get the desired effect in this god-awful room —
was n't easy to get the [wanted] effect in this god-awful room —

Providing money is generally acceptable , a person will take it in exchange for goods and services he sells since no difficulty will be encountered in using the money so acquired to purchase other goods and services desired .
providing money is generally acceptable , a person will take it in exchange for goods and services he sells since no difficulty will be encountered in using the money so acquired to purchase other goods and services [wanted] .

Then Johnny saw and understood the reason for Luke 's attitude towards Una O'Malley , the reason for his murderous hate for any man that desired her .
then johnny saw and understood the reason for luke 's attitude towards una o'malley , the reason for his murderous hate for any man that [wanted] her .

If you have specified the desired action precisely , there should be no grounds for acrimonious arguments over whether your child has earned the reward or not .
if you have specified the [wanted] action precisely , there should be no grounds for acrimonious arguments over whether your child has earned the reward or not .

Give your praise immediately after the desired behaviour .
give your praise immediately after the [wanted] behaviour .

It may be helpful to say , ‘ Sandy , look at me now , please ’ , and then give the desired command .
it may be helpful to say , ‘ sandy , look at me now , please ’ , and then give the [wanted] command .

To stop a child from acting in an unacceptable manner , you should arrange for him or her to terminate a mildly unpleasant situation immediately by changing the behaviour in the desired direction .
to stop a child from acting in an unacceptable manner , you should arrange for him or her to terminate a mildly unpleasant situation immediately by changing the behaviour in the [wanted] direction .

One of the most frequent causes of fighting is the dispute over the possession of desired objects .
one of the most frequent causes of fighting is the dispute over the possession of [wanted] objects .

Think of a desired alternative action — one that can not be performed at the same time as the ‘ problem ’ behaviour ( see page 55 ) .
think of a [wanted] alternative action — one that can not be performed at the same time as the ‘ problem ’ behaviour ( see page 55 ) .

Violent methods are the most popular single means employed by characters to reach desired goals .
violent methods are the most popular single means employed by characters to reach [wanted] goals .

The wicked response is to select the technique that gives the desired answer .
the wicked response is to select the technique that gives the [wanted] answer .

On the one hand , clones produced with the object of reproducing desired attributes may be disappointing because the genetic deviation from the parent may mean that the attributes are lost .
on the one hand , clones produced with the object of reproducing [wanted] attributes may be disappointing because the genetic deviation from the parent may mean that the attributes are lost .

Apparently this did not produce the desired reaction from Stanley , so Wyatt went on 17th December to see Scott who , with a disarming naïveté , immediately agreed to a proposal from Wyatt that he should take him on as an equal partner and relinquish half the work to him .
apparently this did not produce the [wanted] reaction from stanley , so wyatt went on 17th december to see scott who , with a disarming naïveté , immediately agreed to a proposal from wyatt that he should take him on as an equal partner and relinquish half the work to him .

exclamation mark they desired
exclamation mark they [wanted]

Look closely at these behaviors , and notice how toddlers intentionally try to establish common ground with another person by combining their interest in objects and events with communication.28 When adults respond to their reaching and pointing gestures and also label them ( “ That ’ s a kitty , isn ’ t it ? ” “ Oh , you want a cracker ! ” ) , toddlers learn that using language can quickly lead to a joint focus and desired results—the pleasurable object or experience the child wanted.29 Soon the child utters words along with gestures , the gestures recede , and language is under way .
look closely at these behaviors , and notice how toddlers intentionally try to establish common ground with another person by combining their interest in objects and events with communication.28 when adults respond to their reaching and pointing gestures and also label them ( “ that ’ s a kitty , isn ’ t it ? ” “ oh , you want a cracker ! ” ) , toddlers learn that using language can quickly lead to a joint focus and [wanted] results—the pleasurable object or experience the child wanted.29 soon the child utters words along with gestures , the gestures recede , and language is under way .

On Monday , the manufacturer ( 1 ) processes the order ; ( 2 ) picks and packs the desired items from finished goods inventory and ships them to the retailer ; and ( 3 ) places a factory order to manufacture those items that it shipped that day .
on monday , the manufacturer ( 1 ) processes the order ; ( 2 ) picks and packs the [wanted] items from finished goods inventory and ships them to the retailer ; and ( 3 ) places a factory order to manufacture those items that it shipped that day .

Customers rarely inform the sales clerk in a typical retail store if a desired product is out of stock ; they either buy a different product or leave the store without making a purchase .
customers rarely inform the sales clerk in a typical retail store if a [wanted] product is out of stock ; they either buy a different product or leave the store without making a purchase .

In the mid-1990s , Nordstrom ran newspaper ads promising , for certain products , that if the size or color of an item the customer wished to purchase was not in stock at the store , Nordstrom would locate the desired item and mail it to the customer at no additional cost—both the item and its delivery were free .
in the mid-1990s , nordstrom ran newspaper ads promising , for certain products , that if the size or color of an item the customer wished to purchase was not in stock at the store , nordstrom would locate the [wanted] item and mail it to the customer at no additional cost—both the item and its delivery were free .

The customer may leave the store because a desired item was not in stock , thereby not purchasing anything else ; that means the stock-out cost would equal the margin on all the products the customer would have otherwise purchased .
the customer may leave the store because a [wanted] item was not in stock , thereby not purchasing anything else ; that means the stock-out cost would equal the margin on all the products the customer would have otherwise purchased .

For example , when the coefficient of variation increases from 0.5 to 1.0—which would happen if the number of products offered increased by a factor of four—the amount of finished goods required to provide the desired service level doubles .
for example , when the coefficient of variation increases from 0.5 to 1.0—which would happen if the number of products offered increased by a factor of four—the amount of finished goods required to provide the [wanted] service level doubles .

Given the desired 95 percent service level , the retailer should set a target stock level of seventeen units .
given the [wanted] 95 percent service level , the retailer should set a target stock level of seventeen units .

A retail buyer may choose to stock more of a product than indicated by an economic analysis because she believes that more stock is necessary to attract the customer and sustain the desired level of sales .
a retail buyer may choose to stock more of a product than indicated by an economic analysis because she believes that more stock is necessary to attract the customer and sustain the [wanted] level of sales .

These programs involve having either the retailer , the manufacturer , or the retailer and manufacturer together determine desired inventory stocking levels for the manufacturer ’ s product in the retail store .
these programs involve having either the retailer , the manufacturer , or the retailer and manufacturer together determine [wanted] inventory stocking levels for the manufacturer ’ s product in the retail store .

A colored ink-jet printing of the pattern can be made on basic plain fabric to help identify and demonstrate the desired colors in future discussions with textile mills .
a colored ink-jet printing of the pattern can be made on basic plain fabric to help identify and demonstrate the [wanted] colors in future discussions with textile mills .

Other development applications allow designers to begin with an actual garment and make appropriate changes to achieve the desired design or construction modifications .
other development applications allow designers to begin with an actual garment and make appropriate changes to achieve the [wanted] design or construction modifications .

Another computer command adds the seam allowance and , after the desired modifications have been made , a piece of the new design is created .
another computer command adds the seam allowance and , after the [wanted] modifications have been made , a piece of the new design is created .

However , it may take months to produce a sample garment in a desired fabric simply because that fabric takes months to make .
however , it may take months to produce a sample garment in a [wanted] fabric simply because that fabric takes months to make .

The die is a razor-sharp steel outline of the desired item to be cut .
the die is a razor-sharp steel outline of the [wanted] item to be cut .

Modern laser-cutters , developed both in this country and Japan , leave the laser fixed in position and move the light beam around simply by computer-controlled tilting of the mirrors that guide the beam along the desired path .
modern laser-cutters , developed both in this country and japan , leave the laser fixed in position and move the light beam around simply by computer-controlled tilting of the mirrors that guide the beam along the [wanted] path .

Under the traditional model , retailers ordered desired products far in advance of the selling season because their apparel suppliers charged less for large runs and long lead times with long periods of advance commitment .
under the traditional model , retailers ordered [wanted] products far in advance of the selling season because their apparel suppliers charged less for large runs and long lead times with long periods of advance commitment .

Once delivered , the retailer held the products in central warehouses or as inventory in individual stores ’ “ back rooms. ” When the desired time of display and sale arrived , workers stocked the product on the selling floor and replenished from store or warehouse inventories as the selling period progressed .
once delivered , the retailer held the products in central warehouses or as inventory in individual stores ’ “ back rooms. ” when the [wanted] time of display and sale arrived , workers stocked the product on the selling floor and replenished from store or warehouse inventories as the selling period progressed .

In 1863 the nation still desired to create “ a more perfect Union , ” but it had in addition a past that both inspired and troubled the newly indigenous psyche .
in 1863 the nation still [wanted] to create “ a more perfect union , ” but it had in addition a past that both inspired and troubled the newly indigenous psyche .

The dyadic picture assumes that the desired form of liberty exists in a state of nature and it treats the transition to government as a threat to liberty .
the dyadic picture assumes that the [wanted] form of liberty exists in a state of nature and it treats the transition to government as a threat to liberty .

The problem is particularly acute when the party seeking sexual favors—usually a man—is in a position of authority over his desired partner .
the problem is particularly acute when the party seeking sexual favors—usually a man—is in a position of authority over his [wanted] partner .

If this parallelism is taken seriously , then statements in a formal language that are true but unprovable in that formal language can have no causal pathway = that is , proof = from the axioms to the desired consequence .
if this parallelism is taken seriously , then statements in a formal language that are true but unprovable in that formal language can have no causal pathway = that is , proof = from the axioms to the [wanted] consequence .

Hence , these same smart intermediate objects reduce the conflicting constraints in the fitness landscape over the construction space to make our desired set of objects , or our set of toothpastes .
hence , these same smart intermediate objects reduce the conflicting constraints in the fitness landscape over the construction space to make our [wanted] set of objects , or our set of toothpastes .

In short , only a single vertex on the -dimensional Boolean hypercube corresponds to the desired minimal program .
in short , only a single vertex on the -dimensional boolean hypercube corresponds to the [wanted] minimal program .

In fact , an odd feature of physics is that experimenters , who are outside the “ system , ” are always busy intentionally setting up experiments and preparing quantum systems in desired states .
in fact , an odd feature of physics is that experimenters , who are outside the “ system , ” are always busy intentionally setting up experiments and preparing quantum systems in [wanted] states .

The image is not too far from how it is imagined that “ idiotype ” and “ anti-idiotype ” immune networks work to sustain synthesis of a set of desired antibodies against an incoming pathogen .
the image is not too far from how it is imagined that “ idiotype ” and “ anti-idiotype ” immune networks work to sustain synthesis of a set of [wanted] antibodies against an incoming pathogen .

In quantum mechanics , an observable corresponds to a mathematical operator that “ projects out ” the subspace of Hilbert space corresponding to the desired observable in a classical measurement context that allows detection of the presence or absence of the observable .
in quantum mechanics , an observable corresponds to a mathematical operator that “ projects out ” the subspace of hilbert space corresponding to the [wanted] observable in a classical measurement context that allows detection of the presence or absence of the observable .

Making driving even more complicated is the fact that the roads , although improving , are often of poor quality , and the directional signs leave much to be desired .
making driving even more complicated is the fact that the roads , although improving , are often of poor quality , and the directional signs leave much to be [wanted] .

This is really of little interest , and the roads often leave something to be desired .
this is really of little interest , and the roads often leave something to be [wanted] .

During the 19th century some criollos ( particularly in Oriente , the island ’ s poorer , eastern region ) became increasingly disenchanted and desired greater autonomy .
during the 19th century some criollos ( particularly in oriente , the island ’ s poorer , eastern region ) became increasingly disenchanted and [wanted] greater autonomy .

The lowering of duties and trade barriers at a time of considerable shipping expansion had the desired effect , and Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Las Palmas soon became two of the world ’ s busiest ports .
the lowering of duties and trade barriers at a time of considerable shipping expansion had the [wanted] effect , and santa cruz de tenerife and las palmas soon became two of the world ’ s busiest ports .

Later , this was the waterway employed by imperial barges when the emperor desired an outing .
later , this was the waterway employed by imperial barges when the emperor [wanted] an outing .

Both the Congress and the Executive Branch have critical roles to play in achieving desired outcomes for the American people .
both the congress and the executive branch have critical roles to play in achieving [wanted] outcomes for the american people .

Modern human capital strategies , including implementing a credible , effective and equitable performance management system that links institutional , unit , team and individual performance measurement and reward systems to the department 's strategic plan , core values and desired outcomes will be critical to success .
modern human capital strategies , including implementing a credible , effective and equitable performance management system that links institutional , unit , team and individual performance measurement and reward systems to the department 's strategic plan , core values and [wanted] outcomes will be critical to success .

We have observed that modernizing performance management systems and linking them to agency strategic plans and desired outcomes should be a top priority as agencies seek to transform their cultures in response to existing and emerging challenges and opportunities.1 Performance management systems in leading organizations typically seek to achieve three key objectives .
we have observed that modernizing performance management systems and linking them to agency strategic plans and [wanted] outcomes should be a top priority as agencies seek to transform their cultures in response to existing and emerging challenges and opportunities.1 performance management systems in leading organizations typically seek to achieve three key objectives .

Page 38 GAO-02-966 Senior Executive Performance Management Appendix IV IRS 's Senior Executive Performance Plans Commitments : The executives receive a rating on how well they achieved the desired results outlined in their performance commitments .
page 38 gao-02-966 senior executive performance management appendix iv irs 's senior executive performance plans commitments : the executives receive a rating on how well they achieved the [wanted] results outlined in their performance commitments .

Attorneys , investment bankers , consultants and other advisors have played major roles in structuring or engineering business transactions in order to achieve not just a desired business result but also a desired accounting and reporting result .
attorneys , investment bankers , consultants and other advisors have played major roles in structuring or engineering business transactions in order to achieve not just a [wanted] business result but also a [wanted] accounting and reporting result .

At the same time , every country and sector has `` bad actors '' that take short cuts and push the envelope to achieve a desired result .
at the same time , every country and sector has `` bad actors '' that take short cuts and push the envelope to achieve a [wanted] result .

In addition , this guide includes examples from our case study work that best illustrate how each practice enabled the selected organization to achieve the desired outcomes .
in addition , this guide includes examples from our case study work that best illustrate how each practice enabled the selected organization to achieve the [wanted] outcomes .

However , multiple levels of detail are available , and decisionmakers can drill down to the desired level of detail .
however , multiple levels of detail are available , and decisionmakers can drill down to the [wanted] level of detail .

While , at first , most practitioners did not realize that HIC was able to accumulate and analyze this information , the program has now become both an effective deterrent and a desired source of information for the practitioners .
while , at first , most practitioners did not realize that hic was able to accumulate and analyze this information , the program has now become both an effective deterrent and a [wanted] source of information for the practitioners .

VARIANCE - ( 1 ) The amount , rate , extent , or degree of change , or the divergence from a desired characteristic or state .
variance - ( 1 ) the amount , rate , extent , or degree of change , or the divergence from a [wanted] characteristic or state .

These were to ( 1 ) define clear missions and desired outcomes , ( 2 ) measure performance to gauge progress , and ( 3 ) use performanceinformation as a basis for decisionmaking .
these were to ( 1 ) define clear missions and [wanted] outcomes , ( 2 ) measure performance to gauge progress , and ( 3 ) use performanceinformation as a basis for decisionmaking .

That is , the first step-define mission and desired outcomes-corresponds to the requirement in GPRA for federal agencies to develop strategic plans containing mission statements and outcome-related strategic goals ; the second step-measure performance-corresponds to the GPRA requirement for federal agencies to develop annual performance plans with annual performance goals and indicators to measure performance ; and the third step-use performance 4For a more detailed description of GPRA 's requirements , see appendix I .
that is , the first step-define mission and [wanted] outcomes-corresponds to the requirement in gpra for federal agencies to develop strategic plans containing mission statements and outcome-related strategic goals ; the second step-measure performance-corresponds to the gpra requirement for federal agencies to develop annual performance plans with annual performance goals and indicators to measure performance ; and the third step-use performance 4for a more detailed description of gpra 's requirements , see appendix i .

In our reviews of successful results-oriented organizations , we found numerous examples of organizations that achieved positive results by involving customers and other stakeholders in defining their missions and desired outcomes.9 Oregon , for one , developed consensus on its statewide strategic plan by bringing together such diverse stakeholders as legislators , state agency officials , county and local government officials , and community group representatives .
in our reviews of successful results-oriented organizations , we found numerous examples of organizations that achieved positive results by involving customers and other stakeholders in defining their missions and [wanted] outcomes.9 oregon , for one , developed consensus on its statewide strategic plan by bringing together such diverse stakeholders as legislators , state agency officials , county and local government officials , and community group representatives .

Such organizations start by assessing the extent to which their programs and activities contribute to meeting their mission and desired outcomes .
such organizations start by assessing the extent to which their programs and activities contribute to meeting their mission and [wanted] outcomes .

The second key step that successful results-oriented organizations we studied take-after defining their missions and desired outcomes-is to measure their performance .
the second key step that successful results-oriented organizations we studied take-after defining their missions and [wanted] outcomes-is to measure their performance .

These measures were ( 1 ) tied to program goals and demonstrated the degree to which the desired results were achieved , ( 2 ) limited to a vital few that were considered essential for producing data for decisionmaking , ( 3 ) responsive to multiple priorities , and ( 4 ) responsibility-linked to establish accountability for results .
these measures were ( 1 ) tied to program goals and demonstrated the degree to which the [wanted] results were achieved , ( 2 ) limited to a vital few that were considered essential for producing data for decisionmaking , ( 3 ) responsive to multiple priorities , and ( 4 ) responsibility-linked to establish accountability for results .

Simple as this principle may appear , it poses an especially difficult challenge for federal managers , for whom the link between federal efforts and desired outcomes is often difficult to establish and may not , in fact , be apparent for years .
simple as this principle may appear , it poses an especially difficult challenge for federal managers , for whom the link between federal efforts and [wanted] outcomes is often difficult to establish and may not , in fact , be apparent for years .

Through strategic planning , NOAA evaluated how best to accomplish its mission and then put into place those performance measures essential to demonstrating the extent to which it was attaining its desired outcomes .
through strategic planning , noaa evaluated how best to accomplish its mission and then put into place those performance measures essential to demonstrating the extent to which it was attaining its [wanted] outcomes .

The Fatal Accident Reporting System has enabled NHTSA to document that the rate for one of its desired outcomes-reduction in the fatality rate-decreased from 2.3 to an estimated 1.7 per 100 million vehicle miles of travel from 1988 to 1995.17 Nhtsa has used data from the General Estimates System to document another one of its desired outcomes-a reduction in injury rates-from 169 to an estimated 138 injuries per 100 million vehicle miles of travel from 1988 to 1995 .
the fatal accident reporting system has enabled nhtsa to document that the rate for one of its [wanted] outcomes-reduction in the fatality rate-decreased from 2.3 to an estimated 1.7 per 100 million vehicle miles of travel from 1988 to 1995.17 nhtsa has used data from the general estimates system to document another one of its [wanted] outcomes-a reduction in injury rates-from 169 to an estimated 138 injuries per 100 million vehicle miles of travel from 1988 to 1995 .

By analyzing the gap between where they are and where they need to be to achieve desired outcomes , management can target those processes that are in most need of improvement , set realistic improvement goals , and select an appropriate process improvement technique.22 One technique these organizations used is benchmarking-comparing their processes with those of private and public organizations that are thought to be the best in their fields .
by analyzing the gap between where they are and where they need to be to achieve [wanted] outcomes , management can target those processes that are in most need of improvement , set realistic improvement goals , and select an appropriate process improvement technique.22 one technique these organizations used is benchmarking-comparing their processes with those of private and public organizations that are thought to be the best in their fields .

To remedy this situation , the Corps changed its processes by decentralizing its organizational structure and giving project managers new decisionmaking authority to help them achieve the desired outcomes .
to remedy this situation , the corps changed its processes by decentralizing its organizational structure and giving project managers new decisionmaking authority to help them achieve the [wanted] outcomes .

In crafting GPRA , Congress also recognized that managerial accountability for results is linked to managers having sufficient flexibility , discretion , and authority to accomplish desired results .
in crafting gpra , congress also recognized that managerial accountability for results is linked to managers having sufficient flexibility , discretion , and authority to accomplish [wanted] results .

Participants also suggested that the one-page audit opinion should be replaced with `` tiered '' reporting of audit results , where firms can obtain the level of assurance they desired .
participants also suggested that the one-page audit opinion should be replaced with `` tiered '' reporting of audit results , where firms can obtain the level of assurance they [wanted] .

During this meeting , GAO will also ( 1 ) discuss GAO 's ability to respond within the desired time frame , ( 2 ) provide a verbal estimate of the level of GAO resources required , and ( 3 ) advise the requester that , as the original requester , only he or she can approve co-requesters .
during this meeting , gao will also ( 1 ) discuss gao 's ability to respond within the [wanted] time frame , ( 2 ) provide a verbal estimate of the level of gao resources required , and ( 3 ) advise the requester that , as the original requester , only he or she can approve co-requesters .

These evolutionary improvements to products eventually result in the full desired capability , but in multiple steps , delivering a series of enhanced interim capabilities to the customer more quickly .
these evolutionary improvements to products eventually result in the full [wanted] capability , but in multiple steps , delivering a series of enhanced interim capabilities to the customer more quickly .

As the prototypes are tested , failures occur and , in fact , are desired so that the product 's design can be made more reliable .
as the prototypes are tested , failures occur and , in fact , are [wanted] so that the product 's design can be made more reliable .

Legislators and other government officials , and the public want to GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft know whether ( 1 ) government resources are managed properly and used in compliance with laws and regulations , ( 2 ) government programs are achieving their objectives and desired outcomes , and ( 3 ) government programs are being provided efficiently , economically , and effectively .
legislators and other government officials , and the public want to gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft know whether ( 1 ) government resources are managed properly and used in compliance with laws and regulations , ( 2 ) government programs are achieving their objectives and [wanted] outcomes , and ( 3 ) government programs are being provided efficiently , economically , and effectively .

Purpose and goals : Purpose is the result or effect that is intended or desired from a program 's operation .
purpose and goals : purpose is the result or effect that is intended or [wanted] from a program 's operation .

Criteria : An audit report is improved when it provides information so that the report user will be able to determine what is the required or desired state or what is expected from the program or operation .
criteria : an audit report is improved when it provides information so that the report user will be able to determine what is the required or [wanted] state or what is expected from the program or operation .

The effectiveness of regional and global trade arrangements in achieving their desired outcomes is being questioned at home and abroad .
the effectiveness of regional and global trade arrangements in achieving their [wanted] outcomes is being questioned at home and abroad .

In addition , the organizations were concerned about appropriately securing the information being shared to maintain member anonymity , when desired , and avoid inappropriately disseminating sensitive or proprietary information to nonmembers .
in addition , the organizations were concerned about appropriately securing the information being shared to maintain member anonymity , when [wanted] , and avoid inappropriately disseminating sensitive or proprietary information to nonmembers .

In my opinion , modernizing agency performance appraisal and management systems and linking them to agency strategic plans and desired outcomes should be a top priority .
in my opinion , modernizing agency performance appraisal and management systems and linking them to agency strategic plans and [wanted] outcomes should be a top priority .

These employees are then held accountable for their contributions to achieve desired results .
these employees are then held accountable for their contributions to achieve [wanted] results .

In short , internal control , which is synonymous with management control , helps government program managers achieve desired results through effective stewardship of public resources .
in short , internal control , which is synonymous with management control , helps government program managers achieve [wanted] results through effective stewardship of public resources .

GAO will follow up by discussing the status of recommendations with cognizant agency officials ; obtaining copies of agency documents supporting the recommendations ' implementation ; and performing sufficient work to verify that the recommended actions are being taken and , to the extent possible , that the desired results are being achieved .
gao will follow up by discussing the status of recommendations with cognizant agency officials ; obtaining copies of agency documents supporting the recommendations ' implementation ; and performing sufficient work to verify that the recommended actions are being taken and , to the extent possible , that the [wanted] results are being achieved .

Furthermore , few frequent flyer seats were available at desired travel times , transfers of free tickets to other employees took time and effort , and employees who flew on different airlines often took a long time to accumulate enough miles for free trips .
furthermore , few frequent flyer seats were available at [wanted] travel times , transfers of free tickets to other employees took time and effort , and employees who flew on different airlines often took a long time to accumulate enough miles for free trips .

Nonetheless , we find that there are steps that can be taken to generalize from case studies when this is desired .
nonetheless , we find that there are steps that can be taken to generalize from case studies when this is [wanted] .

Developing policies that have the desired effect is difficult .
developing policies that have the [wanted] effect is difficult .

Thus , desired or target replacement rates can vary significantly depending on income level and other factors .
thus , [wanted] or target replacement rates can vary significantly depending on income level and other factors .

Organizations balance various technical measures to ensure that IT products and services are deployed in the most effective and efficient ways and lead to desired business results .
organizations balance various technical measures to ensure that it products and services are deployed in the most effective and efficient ways and lead to [wanted] business results .

It is fundamental that the Amendment `` was fashioned to assure unfettered interchange of ideas for the 14 LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION v. VELAZQUEZ bringing about of political and social changes desired by the people . ''
it is fundamental that the amendment `` was fashioned to assure unfettered interchange of ideas for the 14 legal services corporation v. velazquez bringing about of political and social changes [wanted] by the people . ''

The fact that it is a process means that somebody has made a decision about the direction the process should take , and it implies some ability to predict the outcome of the process through implementation of strategies designed to accomplish the desired objective .
the fact that it is a process means that somebody has made a decision about the direction the process should take , and it implies some ability to predict the outcome of the process through implementation of strategies designed to accomplish the [wanted] objective .

It may also be advisable to maintain cultures of these test organisms at a series of salinity levels , including at least 10 , 20 , and 30‰ , so that the change in salinity upon acclimation at the desired test dilutions does not exceed 6‰ .
it may also be advisable to maintain cultures of these test organisms at a series of salinity levels , including at least 10 , 20 , and 30‰ , so that the change in salinity upon acclimation at the [wanted] test dilutions does not exceed 6‰ .

The change in salinity upon acclimation at the desired test dilution should not exceed 6‰ .
the change in salinity upon acclimation at the [wanted] test dilution should not exceed 6‰ .

GP2 can be diluted with deionized ( DI ) water to the desired test salinity .
gp2 can be diluted with deionized ( di ) water to the [wanted] test salinity .

The emission cap is defined by a benchmark emission level that is modified by the desired level ( percentage ) of reduction .
the emission cap is defined by a benchmark emission level that is modified by the [wanted] level ( percentage ) of reduction .

In effect , there are fewer years in which programs can achieve the desired level of technology improvement compared to the CEF scenarios .
in effect , there are fewer years in which programs can achieve the [wanted] level of technology improvement compared to the cef scenarios .

However , with very short notice , it is sometimes difficult to move the manpower to the site in the short time desired .
however , with very short notice , it is sometimes difficult to move the manpower to the site in the short time [wanted] .

If desired , having one carrier would allow the maintenance of the mailbox rule ( with , as discussed above , a reduction in competitive pressure ) , which in turn would be helpful in protecting the mail .
if [wanted] , having one carrier would allow the maintenance of the mailbox rule ( with , as discussed above , a reduction in competitive pressure ) , which in turn would be helpful in protecting the mail .

These provisions require that rate or mail classification changes desired by the Postal Service must be filed as a request with the Postal Rate Commission , allowing for public scrutiny and deliberations by the Commission and the Governors of the Postal Service .
these provisions require that rate or mail classification changes [wanted] by the postal service must be filed as a request with the postal rate commission , allowing for public scrutiny and deliberations by the commission and the governors of the postal service .

Short of that , the preference would be to select D , express Pb in terms of D and Pws , and then express Pws in terms of the desired net revenue ( taken to be the same as the net revenue at the base position- hence breakeven ) .
short of that , the preference would be to select d , express pb in terms of d and pws , and then express pws in terms of the [wanted] net revenue ( taken to be the same as the net revenue at the base position- hence breakeven ) .

When they used a network topology based only upon molecular and generegulatory interactions that were firmly known to take place in the embryo , they were unable to produce the necessary output ( stable stripes ) , but upon inclusion of two molecular events that were strongly suspected of taking place in the embryo , they produced the desired pattern easily .
when they used a network topology based only upon molecular and generegulatory interactions that were firmly known to take place in the embryo , they were unable to produce the necessary output ( stable stripes ) , but upon inclusion of two molecular events that were strongly suspected of taking place in the embryo , they produced the [wanted] pattern easily .

Plant biologists have been fascinated by the regulatory capacity of phytohormones since the time of their discovery , and the notion that hormone levels or responses could be manipulated to improve desired plant traits has long been an area of intense interest .
plant biologists have been fascinated by the regulatory capacity of phytohormones since the time of their discovery , and the notion that hormone levels or responses could be manipulated to improve [wanted] plant traits has long been an area of intense interest .

Without these materials , it is unlikely that education of health professionals and implementation of anti-discrimination policies alone will have the desired impact on practice .
without these materials , it is unlikely that education of health professionals and implementation of anti-discrimination policies alone will have the [wanted] impact on practice .

The consortium already has a collection of 6,000 such individuals , and once a fish carrying a mutation in the gene of interest has been identified , it will be outcrossed to produce offspring , half of which will carry the desired mutation on one of their chromosomes .
the consortium already has a collection of 6,000 such individuals , and once a fish carrying a mutation in the gene of interest has been identified , it will be outcrossed to produce offspring , half of which will carry the [wanted] mutation on one of their chromosomes .

How will the desired level of treatment be sustained ?
how will the [wanted] level of treatment be sustained ?

For directly transmitted diseases , this second aim may be unattainable at the desired levels of precision , regardless of the quality of information .
for directly transmitted diseases , this second aim may be unattainable at the [wanted] levels of precision , regardless of the quality of information .

Grafting is an ancient technique used by farmers and gardeners to combine desired attributes of the rootstock with those of the donor plant shoot , or scion .
grafting is an ancient technique used by farmers and gardeners to combine [wanted] attributes of the rootstock with those of the donor plant shoot , or scion .

Since access to the desired audience is part of free speech , complainants could counter that restricting their location impinged on their rights .
since access to the [wanted] audience is part of free speech , complainants could counter that restricting their location impinged on their rights .

This decent elegant fellow human beingWas seated in virtue , character , disability , Behind her the order of the ranged bookshelves , The windows monitored by Venetian blinds -- '' These can be raised or lowered ; numerous slats , Horizontally arranged , and parallel , Which can be tilted so as to admitPrecisely the desired light or air . ''
this decent elegant fellow human beingwas seated in virtue , character , disability , behind her the order of the ranged bookshelves , the windows monitored by venetian blinds -- '' these can be raised or lowered ; numerous slats , horizontally arranged , and parallel , which can be tilted so as to admitprecisely the [wanted] light or air . ''

Decapitation alone not sufficient to secure desired death effect .
decapitation alone not sufficient to secure [wanted] death effect .

Another TV gesture of regret is voluntarily giving up a desired pleasure , most often tickets to The Rock Concert forsworn by a chastened teen .
another tv gesture of regret is voluntarily giving up a [wanted] pleasure , most often tickets to the rock concert forsworn by a chastened teen .

While most fraygrants felt Stein 's conclusions left something to be desired , the specific points were debated .
while most fraygrants felt stein 's conclusions left something to be [wanted] , the specific points were debated .

Prudie will try not to be too judgmental about your delicacy , though your wish to grab the gifts with no party attached leaves something to be desired .
prudie will try not to be too judgmental about your delicacy , though your wish to grab the gifts with no party attached leaves something to be [wanted] .

One clear lesson from the Greeks is that mortals pay a heavy price for being desired by a god .
one clear lesson from the greeks is that mortals pay a heavy price for being [wanted] by a god .

The desired effect appeared in the movies on the heads of Greta Garbo and Marlene Dietrich and their glamorous colleagues , such as Gene Tierney in Laura in her scene at the Algonquin with Clifton Webb .
the [wanted] effect appeared in the movies on the heads of greta garbo and marlene dietrich and their glamorous colleagues , such as gene tierney in laura in her scene at the algonquin with clifton webb .

You see , Johnson also believes in `` the enormous importance of an orderly succession , '' and desired a long period of `` extended overlap with his successor '' to insure `` 'the smoothest transition possible . ' ''
you see , johnson also believes in `` the enormous importance of an orderly succession , '' and [wanted] a long period of `` extended overlap with his successor '' to insure `` 'the smoothest transition possible . ' ''

In young women 's magazines now , Cosmo being the paradigm , there 's a much more bluntly instrumental , `` male '' attitude toward getting sex of the quantity and quality desired .
in young women 's magazines now , cosmo being the paradigm , there 's a much more bluntly instrumental , `` male '' attitude toward getting sex of the quantity and quality [wanted] .

The seas , which desired to reproduce , made a golden egg .
the seas , which [wanted] to reproduce , made a golden egg .

There 's so much evidence on this point that in 1986 , both parties in Congress agreed that tax subsidies are , at best , an inefficient way to promote desired behavior , since most of the money goes to pay for things that are going to happen anyway .
there 's so much evidence on this point that in 1986 , both parties in congress agreed that tax subsidies are , at best , an inefficient way to promote [wanted] behavior , since most of the money goes to pay for things that are going to happen anyway .

An insouciant , infantile carelessness seems to be the desired effect , even if a well-tailored suit is covering a well-tended body below the helter-skelter head .
an insouciant , infantile carelessness seems to be the [wanted] effect , even if a well-tailored suit is covering a well-tended body below the helter-skelter head .

Her speech seems spontaneous , not scripted : The desired effect , of course , is that she personalize the industry she is promoting , edging it into our consciousness as a provider of solutions -- nay , as a caring provider of solutions .
her speech seems spontaneous , not scripted : the [wanted] effect , of course , is that she personalize the industry she is promoting , edging it into our consciousness as a provider of solutions -- nay , as a caring provider of solutions .

As anyone who has read John Maynard Keynes can tell you , when desired savings consistently exceed willing investment , the result is a permanent recession .
as anyone who has read john maynard keynes can tell you , when [wanted] savings consistently exceed willing investment , the result is a permanent recession .

Savings and investment were still necessarily equal ; but if desired savings at full employment turned out to exceed desired investment , what would fall would be not interest rates but the level of employment and output .
savings and investment were still necessarily equal ; but if [wanted] savings at full employment turned out to exceed [wanted] investment , what would fall would be not interest rates but the level of employment and output .

Because higher desired savings will lead to an economic slump , which will reduce income and also reduce investment demand ; since in the end savings and investment are always equal , the total volume of savings must actually fall !
because higher [wanted] savings will lead to an economic slump , which will reduce income and also reduce investment demand ; since in the end savings and investment are always equal , the total volume of savings must actually fall !

To justify the claim that savings are actually bad for growth ( as opposed to the quite different , more reasonable position that they are not as crucial as some would claim ) , you must convincingly argue that the Fed is impotent -- that it can not , by lowering interest rates , ensure that an increase in desired savings gets translated into higher investment .
to justify the claim that savings are actually bad for growth ( as opposed to the quite different , more reasonable position that they are not as crucial as some would claim ) , you must convincingly argue that the fed is impotent -- that it can not , by lowering interest rates , ensure that an increase in [wanted] savings gets translated into higher investment .

Typically , a pilot programs the FMS before takeoff , entering landmarks , altitude , and desired speed ; during flight , the FMS uses instrument readings and radio signals from fixed points on the ground to figure out what adjustments are needed to meet the flight plan .
typically , a pilot programs the fms before takeoff , entering landmarks , altitude , and [wanted] speed ; during flight , the fms uses instrument readings and radio signals from fixed points on the ground to figure out what adjustments are needed to meet the flight plan .

If you 're faced with a big , messy job , it might be worth spending the extra money for a premium product such as Bounty Rinse & Reuse or Kleenex Viva Job Squad but , under normal circumstances , a budget recycled product such as the ones on offer from Natural Value or Second Nature offer good value and provide the desired durability .
if you 're faced with a big , messy job , it might be worth spending the extra money for a premium product such as bounty rinse & reuse or kleenex viva job squad but , under normal circumstances , a budget recycled product such as the ones on offer from natural value or second nature offer good value and provide the [wanted] durability .

Lacking Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf 's `` uncompromisingly soldierly manner , '' Clark appears `` to have fallen under the spell of the State Department , which believes that a combination of diplomatic formulae and the indirect application of military force can achieve desired foreign policy results , '' Keegan wrote .
lacking gen. norman schwarzkopf 's `` uncompromisingly soldierly manner , '' clark appears `` to have fallen under the spell of the state department , which believes that a combination of diplomatic formulae and the indirect application of military force can achieve [wanted] foreign policy results , '' keegan wrote .

The things that once linked teen-agers to the value systems of the rest of society have gone , as have `` the frameworks of reality which placed social restraints on the individual 's freedom to think , say , do , or buy whatever is desired . ''
the things that once linked teen-agers to the value systems of the rest of society have gone , as have `` the frameworks of reality which placed social restraints on the individual 's freedom to think , say , do , or buy whatever is [wanted] . ''

As a result , it turns out to be much easier to achieve the desired time shift by leaving the schedules unchanged but resetting the clocks .
as a result , it turns out to be much easier to achieve the [wanted] time shift by leaving the schedules unchanged but resetting the clocks .

Smoking will offer a reliable indoor pleasure that I can enjoy seated , much to be desired in my decrepitude .
smoking will offer a reliable indoor pleasure that i can enjoy seated , much to be [wanted] in my decrepitude .

Given all these favorable factors , it might be possible to devise a credible balanced-budget plan that involves only minor cuts in Medicare , Medicaid , and discretionary spending -- were it not for the tax cuts desired by both the president and the Republicans .
given all these favorable factors , it might be possible to devise a credible balanced-budget plan that involves only minor cuts in medicare , medicaid , and discretionary spending -- were it not for the tax cuts [wanted] by both the president and the republicans .

Smith 's defense , in her departing column : She only did it `` to create the desired impact or slam home a salient point , '' and her career will survive `` this indiscretion . ''
smith 's defense , in her departing column : she only did it `` to create the [wanted] impact or slam home a salient point , '' and her career will survive `` this indiscretion . ''

The hotel would deliver the desired ensemble to you ( along with the indispensable needle-and-thread person and the right shoes ) and would return it after you had checked out .
the hotel would deliver the [wanted] ensemble to you ( along with the indispensable needle-and-thread person and the right shoes ) and would return it after you had checked out .

There we see his imagination working with mobile combinations of expanded and unearthly human creatures , covered with color and pattern and accompanied by music , not so very far from the desired effect in much of real life right now .
there we see his imagination working with mobile combinations of expanded and unearthly human creatures , covered with color and pattern and accompanied by music , not so very far from the [wanted] effect in much of real life right now .

He could wake up the men in the middle of the night if he desired , for rehearsal , or for a windy lecture on ancient Egypt .
he could wake up the men in the middle of the night if he [wanted] , for rehearsal , or for a windy lecture on ancient egypt .

Still , he left much to be desired in what Frank Deford would call `` the class and grace department . ''
still , he left much to be [wanted] in what frank deford would call `` the class and grace department . ''

The man sent out email and posted online ads purporting to be from the woman suggesting she desired to act out fantasies of being raped .
the man sent out email and posted online ads purporting to be from the woman suggesting she [wanted] to act out fantasies of being raped .

The way the program works is this : one uses the cursor to highlight a particular word for which synonyms are desired .
the way the program works is this : one uses the cursor to highlight a particular word for which synonyms are [wanted] .

The plane was equipped with a pickwick , a sharp distinctive cutting edge to gouge out the desired groove , and the term came to be applied to the wood as well as the tool .
the plane was equipped with a pickwick , a sharp distinctive cutting edge to gouge out the [wanted] groove , and the term came to be applied to the wood as well as the tool .

There are three ways of transmitting a desired telephone number from your telephone ( instrument ) .
there are three ways of transmitting a [wanted] telephone number from your telephone ( instrument ) .

The trademarked name , by AT & T , is touch-tone® , which operates by sending more-or-less musical tones from your instrument to the switch to specify the number desired .
the trademarked name , by at & t , is touch-tone® , which operates by sending more-or-less musical tones from your instrument to the switch to specify the number [wanted] .

Rather , it embodies a continuous physical process that is an analog , often in a different medium , for the process for which information is desired .
rather , it embodies a continuous physical process that is an analog , often in a different medium , for the process for which information is [wanted] .

The way the program works is this : one uses the cursor to highlight a particular word for which synonyms are desired .
the way the program works is this : one uses the cursor to highlight a particular word for which synonyms are [wanted] .

Indeed , Omnigraphics , a company in Detroit , has published a fat book , Phonames , that lists all the possible four-letter combinations in numerical order and , for those who might persuade their local telephone company to change their number to coincide with a desired word or command , alphabetically as well .
indeed , omnigraphics , a company in detroit , has published a fat book , phonames , that lists all the possible four-letter combinations in numerical order and , for those who might persuade their local telephone company to change their number to coincide with a [wanted] word or command , alphabetically as well .

A darling was a young , lovable , charming , usually young , woman who was admired and desired , prized among eligible men because the woman was ( supposedly ) of good morals , thus chaste and a good catch to woo and win as a wife .
a darling was a young , lovable , charming , usually young , woman who was admired and [wanted] , prized among eligible men because the woman was ( supposedly ) of good morals , thus chaste and a good catch to woo and win as a wife .

The mathematician , on the other hand , can calculate the dimensions of such a square , to any desired degree of accuracy , using simple algebra .
the mathematician , on the other hand , can calculate the dimensions of such a square , to any [wanted] degree of accuracy , using simple algebra .

Judges -- who , in one sense , are merely lawyers in robes -- when they are on the bench also continue the lawyerly practice of begining with a desired result and then working backwards to arguments that perhaps support it .
judges -- who , in one sense , are merely lawyers in robes -- when they are on the bench also continue the lawyerly practice of begining with a [wanted] result and then working backwards to arguments that perhaps support it .

Other desirable ( or desired ) features might influence the purchase of a dictionary : according to a comparison chart provided by Random House , its dictionary has 800 illustrations ; Webster 's Ninth 600+ ; Webster 's New World 650 ; and Webster II Riverside 300+ .
other desirable ( or [wanted] ) features might influence the purchase of a dictionary : according to a comparison chart provided by random house , its dictionary has 800 illustrations ; webster 's ninth 600+ ; webster 's new world 650 ; and webster ii riverside 300+ .

By using willy-nilly rather than more formal terms such as “ whether desired or not ” ( American Heritage Dictionary ) , they were turning to a minor word pattern in English called ` reduplication , ' meaning a partial or complete duplication of a given word .
by using willy-nilly rather than more formal terms such as “ whether [wanted] or not ” ( american heritage dictionary ) , they were turning to a minor word pattern in english called ` reduplication , ' meaning a partial or complete duplication of a given word .

It comes as something of a surprise to find a clause in the 1662 Diary that sounds like wording in a television commercial : “ I saw the so much by me desired picture of my Lady Castlemayne ... . ” ( October 20 ) .
it comes as something of a surprise to find a clause in the 1662 diary that sounds like wording in a television commercial : “ i saw the so much by me [wanted] picture of my lady castlemayne ... . ” ( october 20 ) .

Sometimes I gave up , as when pointing to my temples ( white ) brought shampoo rather than the desired bleach .
sometimes i gave up , as when pointing to my temples ( white ) brought shampoo rather than the [wanted] bleach .

At other times I won because I could eventually dig out the desired object from the shelf ( no help at the train station ) .
at other times i won because i could eventually dig out the [wanted] object from the shelf ( no help at the train station ) .

I found that by pointing to beer in a refrigerator , pulling up my collar , slapping my sides , and frowning—and by then throwing open my coat , mopping my brow , and smiling—I could get the desired unchilled beer ( “ hotto beeru ” ) .
i found that by pointing to beer in a refrigerator , pulling up my collar , slapping my sides , and frowning—and by then throwing open my coat , mopping my brow , and smiling—i could get the [wanted] unchilled beer ( “ hotto beeru ” ) .

Having achieved these desired results , a sense of satisfaction and well-being settles upon both speaker and listener .
having achieved these [wanted] results , a sense of satisfaction and well-being settles upon both speaker and listener .

