His desires are so strong that he needs constant reassurance of his mother's love for him and what she expects of him , in order to overcome them .
his [wants] are so strong that he needs constant reassurance of his mother's love for him and what she expects of him , in order to overcome them .

He won't submit to his natural desires all the time , and it's Mother's love that is responsible for his good behavior .
he won't submit to his natural [wants] all the time , and it's mother's love that is responsible for his good behavior .

`` Negro-appeal radio is more important to the Negro today , because it provides a direct and powerful mirror in which the Negro can hear and see his ambitions , achievements and desires .
`` negro-appeal radio is more important to the negro today , because it provides a direct and powerful mirror in which the negro can hear and see his ambitions , achievements and [wants] .

This is well evidenced by the Quietist doctrines carried over in Zen : the idea of the inward turning of thought , the enjoinder to put aside desires and perturbations so that a return to purity , peace , and stillness -- a union with the Infinite , with the Tao -- could be effected .
this is well evidenced by the quietist doctrines carried over in zen : the idea of the inward turning of thought , the enjoinder to put aside [wants] and perturbations so that a return to purity , peace , and stillness -- a union with the infinite , with the tao -- could be effected .

If we fail to develop the means to hunt down and destroy the enemy's military force with extreme care and precision , and if war comes in spite of our most ardent desires for peace , our choice of alternatives will be truly frightening .
if we fail to develop the means to hunt down and destroy the enemy's military force with extreme care and precision , and if war comes in spite of our most ardent [wants] for peace , our choice of alternatives will be truly frightening .

Boat prices vary according to the buyer's desires or needs .
boat prices vary according to the buyer's [wants] or needs .

Then there's always hobbies , collecting stamps , coins , timetables , salt and pepper shakers , elephants , dogs , dolls , shells , or shall we just say collecting anything your heart desires ? ?
then there's always hobbies , collecting stamps , coins , timetables , salt and pepper shakers , elephants , dogs , dolls , shells , or shall we just say collecting anything your heart [wants] ? ?

When a husband is sexually selfish and heedless of his wife's desires , she is cheated of the fulfillment and pleasure nature intended for her .
when a husband is sexually selfish and heedless of his wife's [wants] , she is cheated of the fulfillment and pleasure nature intended for her .

Unless her husband also desires sex , the act cannot be consummated .
unless her husband also [wants] sex , the act cannot be consummated .

He must become more expressive of his own desires , more demanding and less ' understanding ' '' .
he must become more expressive of his own [wants] , more demanding and less ' understanding ' '' .

But Judge Marvin Jones , senior member of the Court , is an elderly gentleman who lives at the nearby Metropolitan Club and desires to walk to work .
but judge marvin jones , senior member of the court , is an elderly gentleman who lives at the nearby metropolitan club and [wants] to walk to work .

A local church which conceives its function to be entirely that of ministering to the conscious desires and concerns of its members tends to look on everything ecumenical as an extra , not as a normal aspect of its own life as a church .
a local church which conceives its function to be entirely that of ministering to the conscious [wants] and concerns of its members tends to look on everything ecumenical as an extra , not as a normal aspect of its own life as a church .

He will not curb his instinctual desires but release the energy within him that makes him feel truly and fully alive , even if it is only for this brief moment before the apocalypse of annihilation explodes on earth .
he will not curb his instinctual [wants] but release the energy within him that makes him feel truly and fully alive , even if it is only for this brief moment before the apocalypse of annihilation explodes on earth .

These desires presuppose a sense of causally efficacious powers in which one is involved , some working for one's good , others threatening ill .
these [wants] presuppose a sense of causally efficacious powers in which one is involved , some working for one's good , others threatening ill .

Now all his desires centered on `` rediscovering and singing of the prosaic and yet beautiful world of men and objects so long barred from me by a barbed wire fence '' .
now all his [wants] centered on `` rediscovering and singing of the prosaic and yet beautiful world of men and objects so long barred from me by a barbed wire fence '' .

if one shuns , they say it is because one desires ; ;
if one shuns , they say it is because one [wants] ; ;

In Europe , Premier Clemenceau , showing his animal proclivities as the `` Tiger of France '' , asked Pershing by letter for the creation of special houses where the sexual desires of American men could be satisfied .
in europe , premier clemenceau , showing his animal proclivities as the `` tiger of france '' , asked pershing by letter for the creation of special houses where the sexual [wants] of american men could be satisfied .

Indeed , again and again , the space merchants confirm the prediction of the humanists that the conditioners and behavioral scientists , once they have seen through human nature , will have nothing except their impulses and desires to guide them .
indeed , again and again , the space merchants confirm the prediction of the humanists that the conditioners and behavioral scientists , once they have seen through human nature , will have nothing except their impulses and [wants] to guide them .

Throughout the world the people of the newly developing nations are struggling for economic and social progress which reflects their deepest desires .
throughout the world the people of the newly developing nations are struggling for economic and social progress which reflects their deepest [wants] .

I am confident that it will , but consumer spending in the Sixties will not be fortified by the great backlog of wants and desires which characterized most of the Fifties .
i am confident that it will , but consumer spending in the sixties will not be fortified by the great backlog of wants and [wants] which characterized most of the fifties .

Mr. McKinley , for all his sprawling and his easy familiarity , was completely alert to his son , eyes always on the still face , jumping to anticipate Scotty's desires .
mr. mckinley , for all his sprawling and his easy familiarity , was completely alert to his son , eyes always on the still face , jumping to anticipate scotty's [wants] .

For many nights afterward , the idea of her having been so close to me in that imagined bed would return and fill me with obscure and painful desires , would cause me to lie awake in shame , tossing with irresolution , longing to fall into a deep sleep .
for many nights afterward , the idea of her having been so close to me in that imagined bed would return and fill me with obscure and painful [wants] , would cause me to lie awake in shame , tossing with irresolution , longing to fall into a deep sleep .

In that inert landscape the caravan of his desires passed before his mind .
in that inert landscape the caravan of his [wants] passed before his mind .

Shy , actually , he avoided feminine overtures and seemed truly ignorant of the girls' desires when they sought to make liaisons with him in the open fields , in carriages and in boathouses .
shy , actually , he avoided feminine overtures and seemed truly ignorant of the girls' [wants] when they sought to make liaisons with him in the open fields , in carriages and in boathouses .

To Isobel , Steer is all the things that she desires — art , freedom , passion ; while for him , she represents inspiration and romantic love .
to isobel , steer is all the things that she [wants] — art , freedom , passion ; while for him , she represents inspiration and romantic love .

We are creatures in whom good desires compete with evil desires , altruism struggles with selfishness .
we are creatures in whom good [wants] compete with evil [wants] , altruism struggles with selfishness .

That is why sensitive societies and wise families create structures that control and redirect negative tendencies and reinforce and develop positive desires .
that is why sensitive societies and wise families create structures that control and redirect negative tendencies and reinforce and develop positive [wants] .

The doctors based at the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Centre , Washington , and at the University of California conclude : ‘ We need now to put on hold well-meant desires to intervene while we await convincing evidence that the net effects will be beneficial . ’
the doctors based at the department of veterans affairs medical centre , washington , and at the university of california conclude : ‘ we need now to put on hold well-meant [wants] to intervene while we await convincing evidence that the net effects will be beneficial . ’

We try and help a person to get in touch with these desires through a more positive and non-threatening approach .
we try and help a person to get in touch with these [wants] through a more positive and non-threatening approach .

There was nothing forced or unwanted in their relationship ; they fancied each other , mentally and physically , and as two reasonable adults indulged their desires .
there was nothing forced or unwanted in their relationship ; they fancied each other , mentally and physically , and as two reasonable adults indulged their [wants] .

You must come to terms with the fact that some dreams and desires are never going to be fulfilled while other equally wonderful wants and wishes will take their place .
you must come to terms with the fact that some dreams and [wants] are never going to be fulfilled while other equally wonderful wants and wishes will take their place .

You must come to terms with the fact that some dreams and desires are never going to be fulfilled while other equally wonderful wants and wishes will take their place .
you must come to terms with the fact that some dreams and [wants] are never going to be fulfilled while other equally wonderful wants and wishes will take their place .

For the older generation — above all , their mothers — it is one of reminding their daughters of social pressures , while listening to their daughters ' desires .
for the older generation — above all , their mothers — it is one of reminding their daughters of social pressures , while listening to their daughters ' [wants] .

If a girl is both virtuous and spirited she will surely attain her desires without sacrificing either society 's values or her own .
if a girl is both virtuous and spirited she will surely attain her [wants] without sacrificing either society 's values or her own .

Says she ‘ desires to have a word with you ’ .
says she ‘ [wants] to have a word with you ’ .

This demand for money arises out of consumers ' desires to provide for unexpected , and therefore unplanned , expenditures .
this demand for money arises out of consumers ' [wants] to provide for unexpected , and therefore unplanned , expenditures .

Because we er if , if his erm if his er desires were carried out we 'd , well we 'd be talking about thousands of pounds .
because we er if , if his erm if his er [wants] were carried out we 'd , well we 'd be talking about thousands of pounds .

This has given me a vast amount of information about their needs and desires .
this has given me a vast amount of information about their needs and [wants] .

But unless we communicate our desires and feelings to those who are involved , how on earth will they know ?
but unless we communicate our [wants] and feelings to those who are involved , how on earth will they know ?

Gandhi 's reference to people being allowed to follow their own desires , provided they were old enough to know what they were doing and were not subjected to force or material inducements , is an indication of the dubious conversion methods employed by some missionaries .
gandhi 's reference to people being allowed to follow their own [wants] , provided they were old enough to know what they were doing and were not subjected to force or material inducements , is an indication of the dubious conversion methods employed by some missionaries .

In the improved atmosphere created by the apparent concession to Indian desires , harmonious relations would transpire .
in the improved atmosphere created by the apparent concession to indian [wants] , harmonious relations would transpire .

Our unconscious reveals many contradictions , dislocations and gaps through dreams , slips of the tongue and ‘ taboo ’ desires , so that we are never completely socialised into dominant ways of thinking and feeling .
our unconscious reveals many contradictions , dislocations and gaps through dreams , slips of the tongue and ‘ taboo ’ [wants] , so that we are never completely socialised into dominant ways of thinking and feeling .

We have refused to repress our desires , in spite of enormous pressure to conform to heterosexual norms .
we have refused to repress our [wants] , in spite of enormous pressure to conform to heterosexual norms .

We should resist the manipulation of our desires and form a coalition with women internationally to resist the colonisation of our bodies .
we should resist the manipulation of our [wants] and form a coalition with women internationally to resist the colonisation of our bodies .

Only with the repeal of these measures , the abolition of all laws based upon precepts of ‘ obscenity ’ and ‘ indecency ’ , and the opening up of the narrow , prescriptive sexual teachings insisted upon by the moralists , can we get on and live our lives , talk about our desires and argue about them without feeling ashamed or guilty .
only with the repeal of these measures , the abolition of all laws based upon precepts of ‘ obscenity ’ and ‘ indecency ’ , and the opening up of the narrow , prescriptive sexual teachings insisted upon by the moralists , can we get on and live our lives , talk about our [wants] and argue about them without feeling ashamed or guilty .

Whether we think it or not , we are all affected greatly not only by our own hopes and desires but by hopes and ambitions that other people have for us .
whether we think it or not , we are all affected greatly not only by our own hopes and [wants] but by hopes and ambitions that other people have for us .

By means of regression it is possible to take such a man back to one of those occasions when his own and his partner 's mutual desires had culminated in a very happy and successful sexual encounter for them both .
by means of regression it is possible to take such a man back to one of those occasions when his own and his partner 's mutual [wants] had culminated in a very happy and successful sexual encounter for them both .

No matter how one acts , desires have to depend upon resources to some extent ; actual possessions are partly the criterion of those aspired to .
no matter how one acts , [wants] have to depend upon resources to some extent ; actual possessions are partly the criterion of those aspired to .

Clearly a major problem in controlling corporate crime is raising victim and public consciousness to a level where the community desires and supports a policy of more active and effective state control and regulation .
clearly a major problem in controlling corporate crime is raising victim and public consciousness to a level where the community [wants] and supports a policy of more active and effective state control and regulation .

The ‘ Jekyll and Hyde doctor was gratifying his strange desires ’ , claimed the prosecution .
the ‘ jekyll and hyde doctor was gratifying his strange [wants] ’ , claimed the prosecution .

An organised resistance to op-pression , but the building of new social relations , the realisation of desires now , taking place within the organisation as part of the struggle for state power and a new society in the future .
an organised resistance to op-pression , but the building of new social relations , the realisation of [wants] now , taking place within the organisation as part of the struggle for state power and a new society in the future .

One example is Freud 's view that all beliefs are the result of instinctual desires and drives .
one example is freud 's view that all beliefs are the result of instinctual [wants] and drives .

Just as surely God desires to lead us to a knowledge of genuine Christian fellowship , so surely must we be overwhelmed by a great general disillusionment with others , with Christians in general , and , if we are fortunate , with ourselves .
just as surely god [wants] to lead us to a knowledge of genuine christian fellowship , so surely must we be overwhelmed by a great general disillusionment with others , with christians in general , and , if we are fortunate , with ourselves .

When the Little Gidding community was set up , Nicholas Ferrar declared , ‘ Since the great things of the earth vanish and come to nought , let us set our desires and designs where they can not fail .
when the little gidding community was set up , nicholas ferrar declared , ‘ since the great things of the earth vanish and come to nought , let us set our [wants] and designs where they can not fail .

We need first to distinguish between objective requirements and subjective desires .
we need first to distinguish between objective requirements and subjective [wants] .

All cultural norms about basic needs for food , shelter and so on are seen by contrast as expressions of subjective desire , even though these desires will have been shaped by the standards of a particular society .
all cultural norms about basic needs for food , shelter and so on are seen by contrast as expressions of subjective desire , even though these [wants] will have been shaped by the standards of a particular society .

In addition to these cultural beliefs about ‘ basic needs ’ , elders , like everyone else , will display an almost infinite potential to develop other desires for commodities and human experience .
in addition to these cultural beliefs about ‘ basic needs ’ , elders , like everyone else , will display an almost infinite potential to develop other [wants] for commodities and human experience .

Assessing desires is an affirmation of human potential .
assessing [wants] is an affirmation of human potential .

Strongly held desires are likely to belong to the level of verbal consciousness .
strongly held [wants] are likely to belong to the level of verbal consciousness .

The power to assert desires verbally is an essential characteristic of the potent adult .
the power to assert [wants] verbally is an essential characteristic of the potent adult .

The assessment of such desires — be they feasible or fantastic — gives the practitioner a chance to explore the future potential and development of an elder , and for jointly planning relevant service provision with that person .
the assessment of such [wants] — be they feasible or fantastic — gives the practitioner a chance to explore the future potential and development of an elder , and for jointly planning relevant service provision with that person .

Giving special attention to exploring such desires with all elders is a hallmark of affirmative assessment .
giving special attention to exploring such [wants] with all elders is a hallmark of affirmative assessment .

Desires experienced at the level of practical consciousness are sometimes hard to assess because they are welded to the objects making up habitual routines .
[wants] experienced at the level of practical consciousness are sometimes hard to assess because they are welded to the objects making up habitual routines .

Sometimes this link can be explored by careful questioning to convert routines back into verbally expressed desires .
sometimes this link can be explored by careful questioning to convert routines back into verbally expressed [wants] .

More usually such desires can be assessed only speculatively by sharply observing the relationships , beliefs or objects around which routines are focused .
more usually such [wants] can be assessed only speculatively by sharply observing the relationships , beliefs or objects around which routines are focused .

One must never assume that an elder who can not discuss personal desires does not need an environment in which such desires can crystallize and find expression .
one must never assume that an elder who can not discuss personal [wants] does not need an environment in which such [wants] can crystallize and find expression .

Some desires in ordinary adults are unconscious .
some [wants] in ordinary adults are unconscious .

Although desires are internal , they are all linked to the external world through objects .
although [wants] are internal , they are all linked to the external world through objects .

For some , perhaps those who have a history of anxiety and many insecure attachments , a diminished capacity to engage in seeking new attachments may represent a welcome relief from endlessly unfulfilled desires .
for some , perhaps those who have a history of anxiety and many insecure attachments , a diminished capacity to engage in seeking new attachments may represent a welcome relief from endlessly unfulfilled [wants] .

Stoicism , like Buddhism , calls for indifference to the material world and a fatalism based on freeing oneself from desires .
stoicism , like buddhism , calls for indifference to the material world and a fatalism based on freeing oneself from [wants] .

desires , attachments ) made from moment to moment .
[wants] , attachments ) made from moment to moment .

Although aware of the anxieties inherent in seeking attachments , and the risks of loss , an authentic person is likely to be aware of her or his desires to build a meaningful life , and to pursue these with commitment .
although aware of the anxieties inherent in seeking attachments , and the risks of loss , an authentic person is likely to be aware of her or his [wants] to build a meaningful life , and to pursue these with commitment .

Another form of inauthenticity may occur when a person lives largely at the level of practical consciousness , in which routines defend against the anxieties which life itself engenders , and fresh desires are seldom asserted .
another form of inauthenticity may occur when a person lives largely at the level of practical consciousness , in which routines defend against the anxieties which life itself engenders , and fresh [wants] are seldom asserted .

Lethargically slumped in a hammock during the rainy season in the settlement of Suxavat , Urim 's recollections distort time and conflate personal memory with history , while some are indistinguishable from dreams and desires .
lethargically slumped in a hammock during the rainy season in the settlement of suxavat , urim 's recollections distort time and conflate personal memory with history , while some are indistinguishable from dreams and [wants] .

The exercises involve exploring your thoughts , feelings , beliefs , desires , imagery and expanded states of awareness , looking at everyday events from a metaphysical perspective , and taking practical steps to change your life .
the exercises involve exploring your thoughts , feelings , beliefs , [wants] , imagery and expanded states of awareness , looking at everyday events from a metaphysical perspective , and taking practical steps to change your life .

The Old Age religions teach that we should not have desires , that we should simply accept whatever happens as God 's will .
the old age religions teach that we should not have [wants] , that we should simply accept whatever happens as god 's will .

Our impulses , desires and Dreams are fingers pointing at the moon .
our impulses , [wants] and dreams are fingers pointing at the moon .

We get what we expect from life , according to our desires , thoughts , beliefs , attitudes , choices and decisions .
we get what we expect from life , according to our [wants] , thoughts , beliefs , attitudes , choices and decisions .

The subconscious does not distinguish between desires and fears , between dreams and nightmares .
the subconscious does not distinguish between [wants] and fears , between dreams and nightmares .

Was it a mirror of your inner world — your thoughts , beliefs , desires , emotions , fears , choices or expectations ?
was it a mirror of your inner world — your thoughts , beliefs , [wants] , emotions , fears , choices or expectations ?

Writer Jane Roberts , who channelled Seth , says that she tended to ignore any desires which might distract her from her creative work , so she used to suppress the impulse to take physical exercise .
writer jane roberts , who channelled seth , says that she tended to ignore any [wants] which might distract her from her creative work , so she used to suppress the impulse to take physical exercise .

Some of these desires might be adolescent flights of fancy , which you never honestly wanted to happen .
some of these [wants] might be adolescent flights of fancy , which you never honestly wanted to happen .

But other desires will be impulses which you should act upon — impulses which will help you to grow .
but other [wants] will be impulses which you should act upon — impulses which will help you to grow .

This divorce between public values and private desires is dangerous .
this divorce between public values and private [wants] is dangerous .

Just as the capitalist desires maximum output from labour for least cost , so does the labourer want maximum pay for the least effort .
just as the capitalist [wants] maximum output from labour for least cost , so does the labourer want maximum pay for the least effort .

To say nothing of the desires of the client .
to say nothing of the [wants] of the client .

He desires that you take over the keepership of the royal castle of Berwick .
he [wants] that you take over the keepership of the royal castle of berwick .

The other has about him a ring of nostalgic failure ; in his time everything was good , but it ended in failure both personally ( for Fróthi was killed ) and ideologically ( for Fróda 's son returned to the bad old ways of revenge and hatred , scorning peace-initiatives and even apparently his own desires ) .
the other has about him a ring of nostalgic failure ; in his time everything was good , but it ended in failure both personally ( for fróthi was killed ) and ideologically ( for fróda 's son returned to the bad old ways of revenge and hatred , scorning peace-initiatives and even apparently his own [wants] ) .

To their doubts Tolkien could only reply that he was writing fiction , he had a right to use his imagination , and that after all his elves were only ‘ certain aspects of Men and their talents and desires , incarnated in my little world ’ .
to their doubts tolkien could only reply that he was writing fiction , he had a right to use his imagination , and that after all his elves were only ‘ certain aspects of men and their talents and [wants] , incarnated in my little world ’ .

the wrong desires of the heart ,
the wrong [wants] of the heart ,

Once recognized , it gives rise to the unfulfillable desires which constitute the unconscious .
once recognized , it gives rise to the unfulfillable [wants] which constitute the unconscious .

No editor is absolutely free to do what he/she desires .
no editor is absolutely free to do what he/she [wants] .

Developing countries have their own specific economic , political and social requirements and it is often felt that the media should ‘ carry out positive development tasks ’ ; that they should accept restrictions if the state so desires and that they should be subordinate to the needs ( economic , cultural , political ) of a developing state .
developing countries have their own specific economic , political and social requirements and it is often felt that the media should ‘ carry out positive development tasks ’ ; that they should accept restrictions if the state so [wants] and that they should be subordinate to the needs ( economic , cultural , political ) of a developing state .

This London-based institution undertakes the major responsibility of projecting a public image of solicitors based upon client service overriding the baser desires of self-interest .
this london-based institution undertakes the major responsibility of projecting a public image of solicitors based upon client service overriding the baser [wants] of self-interest .

That is , he can attribute beliefs , desires , intentions , and so forth in giving a simpler account of a complex matter .
that is , he can attribute beliefs , [wants] , intentions , and so forth in giving a simpler account of a complex matter .

The child in due course in new contexts uses the modifier with substantives , thereby expressing his desires more clearly .
the child in due course in new contexts uses the modifier with substantives , thereby expressing his [wants] more clearly .

Or are they the products of society , constrained in their desires and goals , as well as in their ability to realise them ?
or are they the products of society , constrained in their [wants] and goals , as well as in their ability to realise them ?

Rather than accepting this end point , they want to push on and ask how individuals got the properties — including their desires , intentions and so forth that are regarded as root causes by individualists .
rather than accepting this end point , they want to push on and ask how individuals got the properties — including their [wants] , intentions and so forth that are regarded as root causes by individualists .

Instead , individualism is motivated by a desire to defend the idea that individuals are autonomous agents , and thus tends to focus on a particular set of individual properties , including desires , choices , decisions and intentions .
instead , individualism is motivated by a desire to defend the idea that individuals are autonomous agents , and thus tends to focus on a particular set of individual properties , including [wants] , choices , decisions and intentions .

To identify classes you have to go back to the intentional properties of individuals — to the judgments , desires and aspirations which are essential to explaining what they then do in the class struggle . Anderson , by contrast , rejects this view :
to identify classes you have to go back to the intentional properties of individuals — to the judgments , [wants] and aspirations which are essential to explaining what they then do in the class struggle . anderson , by contrast , rejects this view :

Holists , by contrast , wish to explain individual intentions and desires as the outcome of these wholes , thereby awarding explanatory priority to a range of social factors the identity of which varies from theory to theory .
holists , by contrast , wish to explain individual intentions and [wants] as the outcome of these wholes , thereby awarding explanatory priority to a range of social factors the identity of which varies from theory to theory .

By ‘ the abolition of the subject ’ Althusser means the abolition of the intentional subject whose desires , motives , and beliefs are cited as the explanation of social events and states of affairs .
by ‘ the abolition of the subject ’ althusser means the abolition of the intentional subject whose [wants] , motives , and beliefs are cited as the explanation of social events and states of affairs .

He believes not only that our particular desires , expectations and values are to be explained by the structured wholes in which we live .
he believes not only that our particular [wants] , expectations and values are to be explained by the structured wholes in which we live .

What , after all , could such consciousness be , other than the beliefs and desires of various individuals ?
what , after all , could such consciousness be , other than the beliefs and [wants] of various individuals ?

Some actions which benefit others come from the desire just to benefit that particular person , while others flow from some more general disposition , while the desire to benefit a particular person or group may be accompanied by a variety of other desires , for instance to extract goodwill from them , or the possibility of a reward .
some actions which benefit others come from the desire just to benefit that particular person , while others flow from some more general disposition , while the desire to benefit a particular person or group may be accompanied by a variety of other [wants] , for instance to extract goodwill from them , or the possibility of a reward .

Thus aggressions and desires bubbled and brooded , as yet unpurged .
thus aggressions and [wants] bubbled and brooded , as yet unpurged .

But , to repeat and stress , the minimal attributions involve different language-games since the claim that the child Mary believes the ball is stuck , or that she desires it , is made of a being who does use language and the judgement carries with it this enhanced contextual implication .
but , to repeat and stress , the minimal attributions involve different language-games since the claim that the child mary believes the ball is stuck , or that she [wants] it , is made of a being who does use language and the judgement carries with it this enhanced contextual implication .

Preferences bring us to Regan who is rightfully critical of the counter-intuitive implications of Frey 's blanket denials of beliefs , desires , perceptions , emotions , and so on to animals and is at great pains to stress their similarities of behaviour to that of human beings .
preferences bring us to regan who is rightfully critical of the counter-intuitive implications of frey 's blanket denials of beliefs , [wants] , perceptions , emotions , and so on to animals and is at great pains to stress their similarities of behaviour to that of human beings .

On the basis of his behaviour , therefore , we have reason to maintain that Fido believes that bones are related to his desires or preferences in the following way : Bones satisfy certain desires he has and are to be chosen to satisfy those desires . ( Regan 1983 : 59 )
on the basis of his behaviour , therefore , we have reason to maintain that fido believes that bones are related to his [wants] or preferences in the following way : bones satisfy certain [wants] he has and are to be chosen to satisfy those [wants] . ( regan 1983 : 59 )

The mere fact that people are convinced that freedom , for example , is a good thing , even that God desires it for us , does not make it more than wishful thinking .
the mere fact that people are convinced that freedom , for example , is a good thing , even that god [wants] it for us , does not make it more than wishful thinking .

’ That they are not ‘ ends in themselves ’ , to continue with Kantian terminology , simply marks the contrast with human beings whose desires and needs operate within the context of the pattern they impose upon their own lives .
’ that they are not ‘ ends in themselves ’ , to continue with kantian terminology , simply marks the contrast with human beings whose [wants] and needs operate within the context of the pattern they impose upon their own lives .

Now normal pre-linguistic human infants , for a relatively brief period of their development , share none of the conscious hopes , plans , and desires for a continuing life , of the mongoloid child .
now normal pre-linguistic human infants , for a relatively brief period of their development , share none of the conscious hopes , plans , and [wants] for a continuing life , of the mongoloid child .

As James says , anger that is left unresolved ‘ does not bring about the righteous life that God desires ’ ( Jas .
as james says , anger that is left unresolved ‘ does not bring about the righteous life that god [wants] ’ ( jas .

It is because God loves us and desires the best for our humanness and growth that he declares a law against covetousness .
it is because god loves us and [wants] the best for our humanness and growth that he declares a law against covetousness .

It introduces into the Bible the idea that wrong thoughts and wrong desires precede wrong actions .
it introduces into the bible the idea that wrong thoughts and wrong [wants] precede wrong actions .

Immature speech in the very young child or delayed speech can interfere with the child 's ability to express needs and desires and create a sense of frustration .
immature speech in the very young child or delayed speech can interfere with the child 's ability to express needs and [wants] and create a sense of frustration .

Students , swept along on a wave of optimism , were not alone in their desires for political changes to match those taking place in the economic sphere .
students , swept along on a wave of optimism , were not alone in their [wants] for political changes to match those taking place in the economic sphere .

While it may be true that , in speaking , children frequently express in words underlying conceptual distinctions , a number of researchers have suggested that the ability to use language to communicate needs , interests and desires to other people presupposes another , rather different , set of developmental abilities .
while it may be true that , in speaking , children frequently express in words underlying conceptual distinctions , a number of researchers have suggested that the ability to use language to communicate needs , interests and [wants] to other people presupposes another , rather different , set of developmental abilities .

The first , and political argument , is that historicism ‘ desires ’ not only to predict change but also to control it by centralized large-scale planning .
the first , and political argument , is that historicism ‘ [wants] ’ not only to predict change but also to control it by centralized large-scale planning .

Labour produces a parallel relation in that ‘ it breaks the dictates of immediate desires and , as it were , arrests the process of drive satisfaction ’ ( Habermas 1974 : 154 ) .
labour produces a parallel relation in that ‘ it breaks the dictates of immediate [wants] and , as it were , arrests the process of drive satisfaction ’ ( habermas 1974 : 154 ) .

Women should have no sexual desires whereas men should be insatiable ; if women get out of line by expressing autonomous desire or refusing to cater to men 's , they will be censured .
women should have no sexual [wants] whereas men should be insatiable ; if women get out of line by expressing autonomous desire or refusing to cater to men 's , they will be censured .

On the other hand , no group of women is more vilified than prostitutes , whose job exists precisely to cater to men 's desires .
on the other hand , no group of women is more vilified than prostitutes , whose job exists precisely to cater to men 's [wants] .

‘ With many people 's desires to move being delayed or not taking place because of job and housing difficulties there may well be demands to make cities more acceptable or even attractive places to live , ’ said Miss Hughes .
‘ with many people 's [wants] to move being delayed or not taking place because of job and housing difficulties there may well be demands to make cities more acceptable or even attractive places to live , ’ said miss hughes .

What is important is that the individual understands why someone feels strong enough to say ‘ Go to hell ’ , and not merely to believe that this is an accurate statement of what that person desires .
what is important is that the individual understands why someone feels strong enough to say ‘ go to hell ’ , and not merely to believe that this is an accurate statement of what that person [wants] .

Early experiences shape the way we face up to and deal with problems and crises ; the way we cope with disappointments ; the way we form relationships ; the way we construct personal aims and objectives ; the way we develop strategies for fulfilling needs and desires ; and the way we build a system of social and moral values and attitudes .
early experiences shape the way we face up to and deal with problems and crises ; the way we cope with disappointments ; the way we form relationships ; the way we construct personal aims and objectives ; the way we develop strategies for fulfilling needs and [wants] ; and the way we build a system of social and moral values and attitudes .

But unless John realises that he 's preventing himself getting the success he desires , through thinking that he does n't deserve it , he 'll do no more than keep cruising along .
but unless john realises that he 's preventing himself getting the success he [wants] , through thinking that he does n't deserve it , he 'll do no more than keep cruising along .

You ca n't pretend that you have n't got desires and needs .
you ca n't pretend that you have n't got [wants] and needs .

It 's important that we identify what desires and needs we could have in common with one another when using this approach ; if we do n't know the people concerned very well , or have not considered them in this way , we need to use the participative approach described above .
it 's important that we identify what [wants] and needs we could have in common with one another when using this approach ; if we do n't know the people concerned very well , or have not considered them in this way , we need to use the participative approach described above .

Conceal our desires , hide our vulnerability or confusion .
conceal our [wants] , hide our vulnerability or confusion .

We are motivated , too , by the need to assert our individuality , to get our wants and desires fulfilled .
we are motivated , too , by the need to assert our individuality , to get our wants and [wants] fulfilled .

In seeking closeness our wants and desires , our need for self-expression , may be overpowered .
in seeking closeness our wants and [wants] , our need for self-expression , may be overpowered .

In seeking love , the expression of our wants and desires may cause the other person to reject us .
in seeking love , the expression of our wants and [wants] may cause the other person to reject us .

He squandered his money on the indulgence of all his desires .
he squandered his money on the indulgence of all his [wants] .

Any work of art is a complex vibratory system to which our senses and nervous system respond , and any object such as the sacred wooden boards or Tapundas , or the stone Tjinas of the Aborigines , many of which are inscribed with the serpent motif , or any object that has been submitted to human veneration through actions or desires , remains charged with psychic power that can be transmitted or given off in energetic emanations providing there has been no transformation of the original material used in its creation .
any work of art is a complex vibratory system to which our senses and nervous system respond , and any object such as the sacred wooden boards or tapundas , or the stone tjinas of the aborigines , many of which are inscribed with the serpent motif , or any object that has been submitted to human veneration through actions or [wants] , remains charged with psychic power that can be transmitted or given off in energetic emanations providing there has been no transformation of the original material used in its creation .

The fact that thoughts , desires and sound waves influence our environment is no longer an abstract theory , and controlled experiments have scientifically verified that the healthy growth of plants can , for example , be promoted by certain music along with harmonious and positive thoughts and behavioural patterns .
the fact that thoughts , [wants] and sound waves influence our environment is no longer an abstract theory , and controlled experiments have scientifically verified that the healthy growth of plants can , for example , be promoted by certain music along with harmonious and positive thoughts and behavioural patterns .

The motions in causal interaction with the facing of facts are incipient motions towards goals , spontaneous desires or aversions , and to prefer one inclination in the light of ‘ Face facts ’ is to choose its goal as an end .
the motions in causal interaction with the facing of facts are incipient motions towards goals , spontaneous [wants] or aversions , and to prefer one inclination in the light of ‘ face facts ’ is to choose its goal as an end .

The activity which his reason can criticize and partially direct was not initially chosen by him , it is spontaneous ; the physical processes of birth , breathing , digestion , orgasm , death ; the emotions ; the desires and aversions which are independent of his principles and may conflict with them , irrespective of whether he thinks of them as innate or as socially conditioned ; dream , reverie and fantasy ; ecstasies of love , mystical illumination , intellectual discovery , artistic creation and contemplation .
the activity which his reason can criticize and partially direct was not initially chosen by him , it is spontaneous ; the physical processes of birth , breathing , digestion , orgasm , death ; the emotions ; the [wants] and aversions which are independent of his principles and may conflict with them , irrespective of whether he thinks of them as innate or as socially conditioned ; dream , reverie and fantasy ; ecstasies of love , mystical illumination , intellectual discovery , artistic creation and contemplation .

When desires disrupt co-operation their spontaneity is evident , when they support it nothing proves that they were not instilled in the first place by moral training .
when [wants] disrupt co-operation their spontaneity is evident , when they support it nothing proves that they were not instilled in the first place by moral training .

Consider finally how even the man of knowledge , when he compels his spirit to knowledge which is counter to the inclination of his spirit and frequently also to the desires of his heart — by saying No , that is , when he would like to affirm , love , worship — disposes as an artist in and transfigurer of cruelty ; in all taking things seriously and thoroughly indeed there is already a violation , a desire to hurt the fundamental will of the spirit , which ceaselessly strives for appearance and the superficial — in all desire to know there is already a drop of cruelty .
consider finally how even the man of knowledge , when he compels his spirit to knowledge which is counter to the inclination of his spirit and frequently also to the [wants] of his heart — by saying no , that is , when he would like to affirm , love , worship — disposes as an artist in and transfigurer of cruelty ; in all taking things seriously and thoroughly indeed there is already a violation , a desire to hurt the fundamental will of the spirit , which ceaselessly strives for appearance and the superficial — in all desire to know there is already a drop of cruelty .

Whatever he may think he is doing he can only be discovering , like our romantic traveller , but perhaps much less aware of what he is doing , that in the last resort his desires outweigh his fears .
whatever he may think he is doing he can only be discovering , like our romantic traveller , but perhaps much less aware of what he is doing , that in the last resort his [wants] outweigh his fears .

They have desires , goals , ambitions and lives to live .
they have [wants] , goals , ambitions and lives to live .

Following his own desires and urges he lay on straw in his freezing barn , after giving away his bed , his decent clothes , and his sound shoes .
following his own [wants] and urges he lay on straw in his freezing barn , after giving away his bed , his decent clothes , and his sound shoes .

By altering the brain 's ability to absorb these chemicals , researchers believe they can reduce cravings and binges in women who have intense food desires .
by altering the brain 's ability to absorb these chemicals , researchers believe they can reduce cravings and binges in women who have intense food [wants] .

In most instances , it 's fine to indulge your food desires .
in most instances , it 's fine to indulge your food [wants] .

ii.1–67 ) , Sly gradually levitates up to verse , as if hypnotized , or like someone in an early painting by Chagall , just taking off : Yet , when confronted with his supposed wife , desires of the flesh begin to reassert themselves , and he relapses into prose and bawdy ( 125ff . )
ii.1–67 ) , sly gradually levitates up to verse , as if hypnotized , or like someone in an early painting by chagall , just taking off : yet , when confronted with his supposed wife , [wants] of the flesh begin to reassert themselves , and he relapses into prose and bawdy ( 125ff . )

The function of hypocrisy in the initial stage of usurping legitimacy is now clear ; once it has gained its desires , evil can afford to declare itself .
the function of hypocrisy in the initial stage of usurping legitimacy is now clear ; once it has gained its [wants] , evil can afford to declare itself .

had conspired with certain other young persons to produce a magazine that would corrupt the morals of young children and other young persons and had intended to arouse and implant in the minds of these young people lustful and perverted desires .
had conspired with certain other young persons to produce a magazine that would corrupt the morals of young children and other young persons and had intended to arouse and implant in the minds of these young people lustful and perverted [wants] .

His reasons for wishing to avoid becoming archbishop were based , not on ceremonies whether correct or incorrect , still less on his own desires , strong though these were against acceptance .
his reasons for wishing to avoid becoming archbishop were based , not on ceremonies whether correct or incorrect , still less on his own [wants] , strong though these were against acceptance .

It was against self-will and worldly desires that he set his face ; and these could only be overcome by personal conversion .
it was against self-will and worldly [wants] that he set his face ; and these could only be overcome by personal conversion .

Before his exile , Anselm 's whole emphasis was on a strict adherence to that other-worldly freedom which comes from subjecting all individual desires to the eternal order of the divine plan .
before his exile , anselm 's whole emphasis was on a strict adherence to that other-worldly freedom which comes from subjecting all individual [wants] to the eternal order of the divine plan .

fully illustrated in b/w and col. £24 h/b As museum budgets get tighter , museums ' desires to project themselves through ever more self-conscious logos , typefaces and carrier bags seem to grow in proportion .
fully illustrated in b/w and col. £24 h/b as museum budgets get tighter , museums ' [wants] to project themselves through ever more self-conscious logos , typefaces and carrier bags seem to grow in proportion .

The second reason why the desires of workers are underemphasized in ‘ structured dependency ’ writings is the acceptance of the thoroughly capitalist convention that worth is determined primarily by participation in the productive process .
the second reason why the [wants] of workers are underemphasized in ‘ structured dependency ’ writings is the acceptance of the thoroughly capitalist convention that worth is determined primarily by participation in the productive process .

‘ Creators express their desires , their anxieties and their happiness : but someone who is responsible for cultural affairs must be strong and calm ’ , Mr Toubon said after his appointment .
‘ creators express their [wants] , their anxieties and their happiness : but someone who is responsible for cultural affairs must be strong and calm ’ , mr toubon said after his appointment .

The only uniformity of practice that the Board of Education desires to see in the teaching of Public Elementary schools is that each teacher should think for himself and work out for himself such methods of teaching as may use his powers to the best advantage and be best suited to the particular needs and conditions of the school .
the only uniformity of practice that the board of education [wants] to see in the teaching of public elementary schools is that each teacher should think for himself and work out for himself such methods of teaching as may use his powers to the best advantage and be best suited to the particular needs and conditions of the school .

… until subject matter theories with different epistemological characteristics have been formulated , the focus of our spatial planning must continue to be on supermarkets , roads and airports , and not on the needs and desires of those individual human beings that the facilities allegedly are constructed to serve .
… until subject matter theories with different epistemological characteristics have been formulated , the focus of our spatial planning must continue to be on supermarkets , roads and airports , and not on the needs and [wants] of those individual human beings that the facilities allegedly are constructed to serve .

As shown in Map 13 overleaf , there is a massive throne-like wooden chair , with comfortable cushions , which is capable of magically moving around the room on command , to give its occupant a view through any archway he desires .
as shown in map 13 overleaf , there is a massive throne-like wooden chair , with comfortable cushions , which is capable of magically moving around the room on command , to give its occupant a view through any archway he [wants] .

No means of gratifying their trivial desires was too demeaning .
no means of gratifying their trivial [wants] was too demeaning .

These advances have grown out of the ‘ natural ’ desires to produce live , healthy babies , and to promote fertility in women who have difficulties in getting pregnant .
these advances have grown out of the ‘ natural ’ [wants] to produce live , healthy babies , and to promote fertility in women who have difficulties in getting pregnant .

solid Labour Party in the House of Commons — not the faddists or theorists , but practical , hard-headed industrial workers who understand the workers ' aims and desires .
solid labour party in the house of commons — not the faddists or theorists , but practical , hard-headed industrial workers who understand the workers ' aims and [wants] .

‘ My lord prince , ’ he said , ‘ the king your father desires speech with you . ’
‘ my lord prince , ’ he said , ‘ the king your father [wants] speech with you . ’

‘ To think of him in any other role , to plot and connive for his affections — even to think of his putting his own desires and inclinations before his duty to God and the realm , is treason of the highest order .
‘ to think of him in any other role , to plot and connive for his affections — even to think of his putting his own [wants] and inclinations before his duty to god and the realm , is treason of the highest order .

Policy-makers can not maximize because they do not have the requisite information ; instead they satisfice , that is , choose a course of action which is good enough to meet their desires .
policy-makers can not maximize because they do not have the requisite information ; instead they satisfice , that is , choose a course of action which is good enough to meet their [wants] .

For , so he elaborately argues , one can not , if one really thinks it through , accept the total set of prescriptions implied by any universal ethical rules except those which attach weight , in proportion to their strength , to the desirability of satisfying the desires which everyone affected by an action would have if they possessed proper prudence .
for , so he elaborately argues , one can not , if one really thinks it through , accept the total set of prescriptions implied by any universal ethical rules except those which attach weight , in proportion to their strength , to the desirability of satisfying the [wants] which everyone affected by an action would have if they possessed proper prudence .

In a sense the real utilitarian only has one project he takes seriously , the satisfaction of preferences or desires ( whatever they are for ) or , in the older version , the maximisation of happiness .
in a sense the real utilitarian only has one project he takes seriously , the satisfaction of preferences or [wants] ( whatever they are for ) or , in the older version , the maximisation of happiness .

Yet if one takes what one does with one 's life seriously , one can not simply throw one 's own most serious projects into the melting pot of desires and preferences along with everyone else 's .
yet if one takes what one does with one 's life seriously , one can not simply throw one 's own most serious projects into the melting pot of [wants] and preferences along with everyone else 's .

The possibility that we belong to such a so-called noumenal realm ( that is , a realm of things in themselves ) in our true being , also suggests dimly how it can be possible that ultimately we are free agents , who can cause ourselves to act according to the moral law , whatever the pressures upon us , in spite of the fact that at the level of appearance we are simply parts of the natural order of cause and effect , and as such merely animals impelled by our instinctive desires
the possibility that we belong to such a so-called noumenal realm ( that is , a realm of things in themselves ) in our true being , also suggests dimly how it can be possible that ultimately we are free agents , who can cause ourselves to act according to the moral law , whatever the pressures upon us , in spite of the fact that at the level of appearance we are simply parts of the natural order of cause and effect , and as such merely animals impelled by our instinctive [wants]

The first thing to realize ( in Kant 's opinion ) about moral action is that it is action done out of respect for duty as such , that is for a system of categorical imperatives recognised as binding on every rational agent whatever his desires and feelings happen to be .
the first thing to realize ( in kant 's opinion ) about moral action is that it is action done out of respect for duty as such , that is for a system of categorical imperatives recognised as binding on every rational agent whatever his [wants] and feelings happen to be .

For example , in a case — Sex slur drove man to lash out at bully who mocked him : Killer stepson 's years of torment — where a bullying stepfather was killed by the stepson he had tormented for years , one of the taunts mentioned was the mocking of his desires to get on at college , calling him a ‘ funny boy ’ .
for example , in a case — sex slur drove man to lash out at bully who mocked him : killer stepson 's years of torment — where a bullying stepfather was killed by the stepson he had tormented for years , one of the taunts mentioned was the mocking of his [wants] to get on at college , calling him a ‘ funny boy ’ .

It is also found at the base of the neo-classical economic theory of capitalism , with its basic tenet of man as a maximizing individual with limitless needs and desires — a notion Sahlins deconstructed many years ago ( 1974 ) , but one that still persists in Western economic and political thought , and which underlies much of the anthropology of conflict .
it is also found at the base of the neo-classical economic theory of capitalism , with its basic tenet of man as a maximizing individual with limitless needs and [wants] — a notion sahlins deconstructed many years ago ( 1974 ) , but one that still persists in western economic and political thought , and which underlies much of the anthropology of conflict .

Immoral or antisocial conduct demands an explanation in terms of inherently unobservable causes , be they ‘ motives ’ , ‘ intentions ’ , ‘ desires ’ , ‘ proclivities ’ , ‘ spirit attack ’ , ‘ witchcraft ’ , ‘ disorders of the humoural system ’ , and so on .
immoral or antisocial conduct demands an explanation in terms of inherently unobservable causes , be they ‘ motives ’ , ‘ intentions ’ , ‘ [wants] ’ , ‘ proclivities ’ , ‘ spirit attack ’ , ‘ witchcraft ’ , ‘ disorders of the humoural system ’ , and so on .

Extreme emotional withdrawal , or suicidal depression ( sungun ) , is viewed as a common affliction of those whose desires have been thwarted , especially in affairs of the heart .
extreme emotional withdrawal , or suicidal depression ( sungun ) , is viewed as a common affliction of those whose [wants] have been thwarted , especially in affairs of the heart .

Humans can act as moral , social agents because unlike all other present day beings they acquire both a ‘ life of the senses , or desires ’ ( kaekwae ) and a full ‘ life of thoughts ’ ( ta'kwaru ) to be used on earth .
humans can act as moral , social agents because unlike all other present day beings they acquire both a ‘ life of the senses , or [wants] ’ ( kaekwae ) and a full ‘ life of thoughts ’ ( ta'kwaru ) to be used on earth .

Any comprehensive community care system must ensure that all service users have ready access to skilled help from someone who is trained to assess their entitlements , to negotiate on their behalf with the Department of Social Security and other agencies , to assist with budgeting , offer financial advice and , where the individual desires it , hold benefit books and cheque books and arrange for regular bills to be paid and financial commitments to be planned .
any comprehensive community care system must ensure that all service users have ready access to skilled help from someone who is trained to assess their entitlements , to negotiate on their behalf with the department of social security and other agencies , to assist with budgeting , offer financial advice and , where the individual [wants] it , hold benefit books and cheque books and arrange for regular bills to be paid and financial commitments to be planned .

She led me on , instructing me , indicating her desires with soft tweaks and softer pats .
she led me on , instructing me , indicating her [wants] with soft tweaks and softer pats .

There would hardly have been harmony between them if they had the same desires , if their interests coincided , if they were a threat to each other .
there would hardly have been harmony between them if they had the same [wants] , if their interests coincided , if they were a threat to each other .

Underlying this was a mixture of beliefs and of desires to remedy particular situations .
underlying this was a mixture of beliefs and of [wants] to remedy particular situations .

It simply declared that the government 's two aims were , first , ‘ to afford a separate dwelling for every family which desires to have one ’ , and , second , ‘ to provide for the rapid completion of the slum clearance and overcrowding programmes ’ .
it simply declared that the government 's two aims were , first , ‘ to afford a separate dwelling for every family which [wants] to have one ’ , and , second , ‘ to provide for the rapid completion of the slum clearance and overcrowding programmes ’ .

Policy props up parental wishes and desires , but does it acknowledge the effect on the deaf child ?
policy props up parental wishes and [wants] , but does it acknowledge the effect on the deaf child ?

It follows in virtue of this control that companies have power not only in the sense of discretion over the allocation of resources between different uses , but also in a more invasive sense of an ability to influence individual desires and conduct .
it follows in virtue of this control that companies have power not only in the sense of discretion over the allocation of resources between different uses , but also in a more invasive sense of an ability to influence individual [wants] and conduct .

She 'd never entertained masochistic desires .
she 'd never entertained masochistic [wants] .

In a most confusing way , an analysis of something called legitimacy first equates legitimacy with opinion , then goes to a restatement of the standard liberal-pluralist description of the structure of power … turns next to a discussion of stability , and finally resolves stability into passivity or acquiescence caused by cognitive confusion , conflict of interest , and inability to translate one 's desires into political decisions due to certain institutional arrangements .
in a most confusing way , an analysis of something called legitimacy first equates legitimacy with opinion , then goes to a restatement of the standard liberal-pluralist description of the structure of power … turns next to a discussion of stability , and finally resolves stability into passivity or acquiescence caused by cognitive confusion , conflict of interest , and inability to translate one 's [wants] into political decisions due to certain institutional arrangements .

For Simmel , objectification is the precondition for culture and thus society ; but it is mediated by exchange , which , as the expression of the relationship between things and desires , is the source of value .
for simmel , objectification is the precondition for culture and thus society ; but it is mediated by exchange , which , as the expression of the relationship between things and [wants] , is the source of value .

He notes the self-perpetuating nature of modern mass production : ‘ Thus vast supplies of products come into existence which call forth an artificial demand that is senseless from the perspective of the subject 's culture ’ ( 1968 : 43 ) , and argues that just as academic pursuits such as philology and archaeology , which start with certain aims , may develop as methods creating infinite classificatory refinements for their own sake , so people may become the mere instrument of that which they originally developed : ‘ The infinitely growing supply of objectified spirit places demands upon the subject , creates desires in him , hits him with feelings of individual inadequacy and helplessness , throws him into total relationships from whose impact he can not with-draw , although he can not master their particular contents ’ ( 1968 : 44 ) .
he notes the self-perpetuating nature of modern mass production : ‘ thus vast supplies of products come into existence which call forth an artificial demand that is senseless from the perspective of the subject 's culture ’ ( 1968 : 43 ) , and argues that just as academic pursuits such as philology and archaeology , which start with certain aims , may develop as methods creating infinite classificatory refinements for their own sake , so people may become the mere instrument of that which they originally developed : ‘ the infinitely growing supply of objectified spirit places demands upon the subject , creates [wants] in him , hits him with feelings of individual inadequacy and helplessness , throws him into total relationships from whose impact he can not with-draw , although he can not master their particular contents ’ ( 1968 : 44 ) .

There are two elements to this initial use of symbolism : a representational imitation which derives from the early mode of direct imitations , and the new ludic mode which distorts the environment , changing the significance of a given external object , and permitting it to be used as the subject desires ( 1962 : 102 ) .
there are two elements to this initial use of symbolism : a representational imitation which derives from the early mode of direct imitations , and the new ludic mode which distorts the environment , changing the significance of a given external object , and permitting it to be used as the subject [wants] ( 1962 : 102 ) .

It is clear that during a certain stage in the child 's development , artefacts become its principal means of articulating feelings and desires .
it is clear that during a certain stage in the child 's development , artefacts become its principal means of articulating feelings and [wants] .

Wallerstein 1979 ) , so that the rest of the world is seen as peripheral to a West-European core , or else as active players in what is still , however , a story dominated by European desires ( e.g .
wallerstein 1979 ) , so that the rest of the world is seen as peripheral to a west-european core , or else as active players in what is still , however , a story dominated by european [wants] ( e.g .

Capital is devoted to the creation of desires and needs which can only be fulfilled by the latest developments of the market .
capital is devoted to the creation of [wants] and needs which can only be fulfilled by the latest developments of the market .

The focus on class fragments is , however , often based less on the problem of exploitation than on a Romantic vision of the working class as an authentic humanity , whose sensuality and desires are preferable and proper .
the focus on class fragments is , however , often based less on the problem of exploitation than on a romantic vision of the working class as an authentic humanity , whose sensuality and [wants] are preferable and proper .

What is curious is that the members of this same dominant group which may be held responsible for the emergence of modernist architecture , and its appropriation by the state as an authority , do not , by and large , choose family homes of their own built in this style , which is clearly incompatible with their personal desires and images .
what is curious is that the members of this same dominant group which may be held responsible for the emergence of modernist architecture , and its appropriation by the state as an authority , do not , by and large , choose family homes of their own built in this style , which is clearly incompatible with their personal [wants] and images .

The idea reflected his own frustrated desires , tied as he was to his duties at Ueni Hasan .
the idea reflected his own frustrated [wants] , tied as he was to his duties at ueni hasan .

French family desires respectable English girl to speak English to their daughters . ``
french family [wants] respectable english girl to speak english to their daughters . ``

And that 's what the truth of our beliefs ensures : that the actions they combine with our desires to cause will succeed in fulfilling those desires .
and that 's what the truth of our beliefs ensures : that the actions they combine with our [wants] to cause will succeed in fulfilling those [wants] .

Indeed , in many cases , we do more than merely want true beliefs : we positively need them in order to survive , since our survival depends on our actions fulfilling our most basic desires , such as the desire for food and warmth .
indeed , in many cases , we do more than merely want true beliefs : we positively need them in order to survive , since our survival depends on our actions fulfilling our most basic [wants] , such as the desire for food and warmth .

How do we set about getting the true beliefs that we need if our actions are to succeed in fulfilling our desires ?
how do we set about getting the true beliefs that we need if our actions are to succeed in fulfilling our [wants] ?

Wanting to tell people things , sincerely or not , does demand an awareness of the beliefs ( or disbeliefs ) you 're trying to give them : an awareness which most of the actions those beliefs combine with your desires to cause does n't demand at all .
wanting to tell people things , sincerely or not , does demand an awareness of the beliefs ( or disbeliefs ) you 're trying to give them : an awareness which most of the actions those beliefs combine with your [wants] to cause does n't demand at all .

But in reality the ‘ culture industries ’ create , control and exploit musical desires , forming ‘ a circle of manipulation and retroactive need in which the unity of the system grows ever stronger ’ ( Adorno and Horkheimer 1972 : 121 ) .
but in reality the ‘ culture industries ’ create , control and exploit musical [wants] , forming ‘ a circle of manipulation and retroactive need in which the unity of the system grows ever stronger ’ ( adorno and horkheimer 1972 : 121 ) .

The artist is the alchemist who performs this transformation , creating pure form and spirit out of the earthly desires and corporeality of the female body .
the artist is the alchemist who performs this transformation , creating pure form and spirit out of the earthly [wants] and corporeality of the female body .

But it is never simply a formal abstraction , for the female nude is also seen as a testimony to feelings , traces of desires which , whilst they can not be allowed to dominate , are never entirely absent .
but it is never simply a formal abstraction , for the female nude is also seen as a testimony to feelings , traces of [wants] which , whilst they can not be allowed to dominate , are never entirely absent .

It was beginning to seem as if neither of them was ever to achieve their heart 's desires , even while making a success of other aspects of their lives .
it was beginning to seem as if neither of them was ever to achieve their heart 's [wants] , even while making a success of other aspects of their lives .

Harry was touched by her honesty and , as always , aroused by the way she spoke so openly about her physical desires .
harry was touched by her honesty and , as always , aroused by the way she spoke so openly about her physical [wants] .

West Indians are great West Indian watchers , preferably when they 're winning , and are quick to foul when things do not concur with insular desires and outlook .
west indians are great west indian watchers , preferably when they 're winning , and are quick to foul when things do not concur with insular [wants] and outlook .

These limitations of methodology and data may limit the short term possibilities for meaningful exchange of information which Medawar desires .
these limitations of methodology and data may limit the short term possibilities for meaningful exchange of information which medawar [wants] .

24–9– `` The Session desires to record in their minutes the following resolution annent the Church question , viz .
24–9– `` the session [wants] to record in their minutes the following resolution annent the church question , viz .

Ten years later , in 1935 , the year of McDougall 's retirement another attempt at explanation was made in that year 's annual report : In view of the fact that there appears to be a feeling in some quarters that the British Deaf and Dumb Association has outlived its usefulness the executive committee desires to make the position clear by the following statement : The British Deaf and Dumb Association is the oldest National Organisation for the Deaf in the country .
ten years later , in 1935 , the year of mcdougall 's retirement another attempt at explanation was made in that year 's annual report : in view of the fact that there appears to be a feeling in some quarters that the british deaf and dumb association has outlived its usefulness the executive committee [wants] to make the position clear by the following statement : the british deaf and dumb association is the oldest national organisation for the deaf in the country .

No section of the community , and certainly not the deaf and dumb themselves , desires to be regarded as entirely dependent upon charity .
no section of the community , and certainly not the deaf and dumb themselves , [wants] to be regarded as entirely dependent upon charity .

It also helps to show that more fundamental than any knowledge of objects are certain feelings , needs and desires , and that it is upon a phenomenological elucidation of such feelings , needs and desires that an ontological description of the world must be based .
it also helps to show that more fundamental than any knowledge of objects are certain feelings , needs and [wants] , and that it is upon a phenomenological elucidation of such feelings , needs and [wants] that an ontological description of the world must be based .

She shows that women 's magazines recognize the experiences of women and , especially , the difficulties of balancing the expectations held by others — in particular husbands and boyfriends — with their own hopes and desires .
she shows that women 's magazines recognize the experiences of women and , especially , the difficulties of balancing the expectations held by others — in particular husbands and boyfriends — with their own hopes and [wants] .

He tried to corrupt people by the desires of their bodies … ’
he tried to corrupt people by the [wants] of their bodies … ’

‘ Anything your heart desires , Schätzchen .
‘ anything your heart [wants] , schätzchen .

‘ if a creditor , or potential creditor , of a husband desires to obtain , by way of security for the husband 's indebtedness , a guarantee from his wife … then the creditor can be in no better position than the husband himself , and the creditor can not enforce the guarantee or the security against the wife if it is established that the execution of the document by the wife was procured by undue influence of the husband and the wife had no independent advice .
‘ if a creditor , or potential creditor , of a husband [wants] to obtain , by way of security for the husband 's indebtedness , a guarantee from his wife … then the creditor can be in no better position than the husband himself , and the creditor can not enforce the guarantee or the security against the wife if it is established that the execution of the document by the wife was procured by undue influence of the husband and the wife had no independent advice .

Traces , records , vestiges of female experience can appear nostalgic in character ; but their witness to a common past is often challenged by present irony and by different , contrary desires to erase such relics or reshape the ground in which they were originally made .
traces , records , vestiges of female experience can appear nostalgic in character ; but their witness to a common past is often challenged by present irony and by different , contrary [wants] to erase such relics or reshape the ground in which they were originally made .

( Some male artists continue to think with images of women — Anselm Kiefer 's most recent installation , in London , called ‘ Women of the Revolution ’ , expressed his own painful reckonings of loss , and his nostalgic longing for rebirth , through the names of historical female figures , from Marie-Antoinette to Théroigne de Méricourt ; he symbolised them as beds , shrouded in lead sheets , and puddled with pools — reflections of the artist 's desires in the traditional manner and wholly insensitive appropriations of lives that have barely been rescued as stories .
( some male artists continue to think with images of women — anselm kiefer 's most recent installation , in london , called ‘ women of the revolution ’ , expressed his own painful reckonings of loss , and his nostalgic longing for rebirth , through the names of historical female figures , from marie-antoinette to théroigne de méricourt ; he symbolised them as beds , shrouded in lead sheets , and puddled with pools — reflections of the artist 's [wants] in the traditional manner and wholly insensitive appropriations of lives that have barely been rescued as stories .

From then on , Jo 's photo series dealt with the pain of being an outsider ; they explored prohibitions and phobias , desires denied , family taboos .
from then on , jo 's photo series dealt with the pain of being an outsider ; they explored prohibitions and phobias , [wants] denied , family taboos .

Kate Allen ‘ Devices and Desires ’ , 1992 Plastic/Concrete 180 x×170x×61 cms Photo : Marc Atkins
kate allen ‘ devices and [wants] ’ , 1992 plastic/concrete 180 x×170x×61 cms photo : marc atkins

‘ Devices and Desires ’ , a large concrete and plastic excretion , results from Allen 's meditations on the saying , ‘ wear your heart on your sleeve ’ .
‘ devices and [wants] ’ , a large concrete and plastic excretion , results from allen 's meditations on the saying , ‘ wear your heart on your sleeve ’ .

( 2 ) Where a competent objector desires to object in relation to any application , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered : ( a ) lodge with the clerk of the board a written notice of objection which be signed by the objector or his agent and shall specify the grounds of his objection and ( b ) intimate his objection to the applicant in the manner provided by subsection ( 3 ) below , and an objection shall not be entertained by the licensing board unless it is proved or admitted that such objection was intimated to the applicant as aforesaid .
( 2 ) where a competent objector [wants] to object in relation to any application , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered : ( a ) lodge with the clerk of the board a written notice of objection which be signed by the objector or his agent and shall specify the grounds of his objection and ( b ) intimate his objection to the applicant in the manner provided by subsection ( 3 ) below , and an objection shall not be entertained by the licensing board unless it is proved or admitted that such objection was intimated to the applicant as aforesaid .

( 6 ) Where any person desires to oppose an application for the grant of a licence under this Part of this Act , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered , give to the licensing board and to the applicant written notice of his objection specifying the round of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this Act .
( 6 ) where any person [wants] to oppose an application for the grant of a licence under this part of this act , he shall , not later than seven days before the meeting of the licensing board at which the application is to be considered , give to the licensing board and to the applicant written notice of his objection specifying the round of his objection in the manner mentioned in section 16(2) and ( 3 ) of this act .

Influenced by a learned correspondent , Girolamo Mei , a philologist and student of ancient Greek music and drama who rightly believed Greek music to have been monodic ( but seemingly supplied Galilei with thirteenth-century Byzantine melodies to Mesomedes ' hymns under the impression that they were ancient ) , Galilei argued that the polyphonic ‘ music of today is not of great value for expressing the passions of the mind by means of words , but is of value merely for the wind and stringed instruments , from which the ear … desires nothing but the sweet enjoyment of the variety of their harmonies … ‘ .
influenced by a learned correspondent , girolamo mei , a philologist and student of ancient greek music and drama who rightly believed greek music to have been monodic ( but seemingly supplied galilei with thirteenth-century byzantine melodies to mesomedes ' hymns under the impression that they were ancient ) , galilei argued that the polyphonic ‘ music of today is not of great value for expressing the passions of the mind by means of words , but is of value merely for the wind and stringed instruments , from which the ear … [wants] nothing but the sweet enjoyment of the variety of their harmonies … ‘ .

She had always devoted considerable time to patient observation of her surroundings , her staff and humanity in general and , now , her assessment of women 's needs and desires precisely matched the throwback mood of the Seventies .
she had always devoted considerable time to patient observation of her surroundings , her staff and humanity in general and , now , her assessment of women 's needs and [wants] precisely matched the throwback mood of the seventies .

She had failed to spread light and warmth to do what her sister needed , and she must put aside her own terrors , and her own interest , and help her sister towards her heart 's desires .
she had failed to spread light and warmth to do what her sister needed , and she must put aside her own terrors , and her own interest , and help her sister towards her heart 's [wants] .

There are men who toil because work is a pleasure to them and there are others who toil because work is a duty ; but the great majority of men are only stimulated to labour that in amount or character is distasteful to them , by the hope that they may be able , in the first place , to maintain themselves , and secondly to marry and maintain a family … If therefore , the well-being of a state consists in the mature well-being of the people , a country is then most flourishing when the largest proportion of its population is able to satisfy these two natural desires .
there are men who toil because work is a pleasure to them and there are others who toil because work is a duty ; but the great majority of men are only stimulated to labour that in amount or character is distasteful to them , by the hope that they may be able , in the first place , to maintain themselves , and secondly to marry and maintain a family … if therefore , the well-being of a state consists in the mature well-being of the people , a country is then most flourishing when the largest proportion of its population is able to satisfy these two natural [wants] .

Thus while philanthropic work was for some integral to their feminist beliefs , for others it represented merely a diversion from household cares , a sublimation of other desires , or , and this was probably the most common motivation , a socially acceptable way for both married women and their daughters to engage in purposeful work .
thus while philanthropic work was for some integral to their feminist beliefs , for others it represented merely a diversion from household cares , a sublimation of other [wants] , or , and this was probably the most common motivation , a socially acceptable way for both married women and their daughters to engage in purposeful work .

One way of distinguishing between them is to define needs as basic physical and psychological drives arising from being human ( eg need for food , clothing , self-esteem etc ) , and to define wants as specific desires directed towards fulfilling the basic needs .
one way of distinguishing between them is to define needs as basic physical and psychological drives arising from being human ( eg need for food , clothing , self-esteem etc ) , and to define wants as specific [wants] directed towards fulfilling the basic needs .

This happens because marketing personnel are more concerned with what the customer desires , rather than whether it is practicable to give him what he desires .
this happens because marketing personnel are more concerned with what the customer [wants] , rather than whether it is practicable to give him what he [wants] .

Music and colour and the secrets of Men ; the innermost desires of the heart and sunlight and twilight and hopes and dreams … All here , thought Fenella , walking cautiously in Caspar 's wake .
music and colour and the secrets of men ; the innermost [wants] of the heart and sunlight and twilight and hopes and dreams … all here , thought fenella , walking cautiously in caspar 's wake .

He wanted to drink it and touch it and explore it , for , he thought , surely there can be nothing so magical as the moment when you know , beyond all question , that the woman you desire desires you in return .
he wanted to drink it and touch it and explore it , for , he thought , surely there can be nothing so magical as the moment when you know , beyond all question , that the woman you desire [wants] you in return .

They had been desires to be quenched , as he had quenched other desires over the years .
they had been [wants] to be quenched , as he had quenched other [wants] over the years .

The main problem for instrumental Marxist accounts is that they have great difficulty in explaining the eclecticism and indeterminacy of events in the world under a single reductionist or economist explanation which relates all actions by the state to the desires and power capabilities of a ruling class based on economic ownership .
the main problem for instrumental marxist accounts is that they have great difficulty in explaining the eclecticism and indeterminacy of events in the world under a single reductionist or economist explanation which relates all actions by the state to the [wants] and power capabilities of a ruling class based on economic ownership .

Hobbes , for example , bases his analysis of the nature of the state upon a few simple axioms about the bodily needs and the personal desires and aspirations of men .
hobbes , for example , bases his analysis of the nature of the state upon a few simple axioms about the bodily needs and the personal [wants] and aspirations of men .

The system responds to their desires and .
the system responds to their [wants] and .

Artai desires her , ’ Jotan said .
artai [wants] her , ’ jotan said .

It would last just long enough to sate his desires and rekindle her expectations .
it would last just long enough to sate his [wants] and rekindle her expectations .

At eighteen , he decides that some freakish wind must have mistakenly transplanted him to France : he was born , he declares , to be Emperor of Cochin-China , to smoke 36-fathom pipes , to have 6,000 wives and 1,400 catamites ; but instead , displaced by this meteorological hazard , he is left with immense , insatiable desires , fierce boredom , and an attack of the yawns .
at eighteen , he decides that some freakish wind must have mistakenly transplanted him to france : he was born , he declares , to be emperor of cochin-china , to smoke 36-fathom pipes , to have 6,000 wives and 1,400 catamites ; but instead , displaced by this meteorological hazard , he is left with immense , insatiable [wants] , fierce boredom , and an attack of the yawns .

The writer may seem to be actively creating , whereas in fact he or she is being passively fashioned by the public 's desires , ‘ built by the House ’ of fame .
the writer may seem to be actively creating , whereas in fact he or she is being passively fashioned by the public 's [wants] , ‘ built by the house ’ of fame .

She claims to have understood and resolved all her own hidden desires , and she spends her life doing so for others : she is a ‘ modern middleman between body and soul , a perfect salesman of the unconscious to the conscious ’ ( 33 ) .
she claims to have understood and resolved all her own hidden [wants] , and she spends her life doing so for others : she is a ‘ modern middleman between body and soul , a perfect salesman of the unconscious to the conscious ’ ( 33 ) .

He had given up years ago the delusion that all men were homosexual at heart , and that it was just a question of finding the key to unlock their repressed desires .
he had given up years ago the delusion that all men were homosexual at heart , and that it was just a question of finding the key to unlock their repressed [wants] .

To her desires , — nevertheless in which
to her [wants] , — nevertheless in which

Desires and energies .
[wants] and energies .

The dummy appears , like a lost boy from another world , pushed from pillar to post , always wearing the same inscrutable smile , an innocent victim of other people 's desires .
the dummy appears , like a lost boy from another world , pushed from pillar to post , always wearing the same inscrutable smile , an innocent victim of other people 's [wants] .

His rather peremptory and often harshly critical letters sought to bring the diplomatic influence of the king of the Franks to bear on Anglo-Saxon political and ecclesiastical circles to act in accordance with Frankish desires .
his rather peremptory and often harshly critical letters sought to bring the diplomatic influence of the king of the franks to bear on anglo-saxon political and ecclesiastical circles to act in accordance with frankish [wants] .

What is clear is that such private desires were not sealed off from the world of public representations .
what is clear is that such private [wants] were not sealed off from the world of public representations .

The Board desires that all lessons in physical exercise … should be thoroughly enjoyed by the children .
the board [wants] that all lessons in physical exercise … should be thoroughly enjoyed by the children .

More than a hundred years of systematic captivity had created a whole new genus , animals that had none of the skills and few of the desires of a wild habitat .
more than a hundred years of systematic captivity had created a whole new genus , animals that had none of the skills and few of the [wants] of a wild habitat .

To purge themselves of earthly desires — that was all they were worried about .
to purge themselves of earthly [wants] — that was all they were worried about .

She was living then , according to the observant father , in a ramshackle but tidy palm-leaf cabin by the saman tree ‘ which these primitive people in their ignorance still worship , studding its gnarled trunk with nails of tin or brass to register their desires .
she was living then , according to the observant father , in a ramshackle but tidy palm-leaf cabin by the saman tree ‘ which these primitive people in their ignorance still worship , studding its gnarled trunk with nails of tin or brass to register their [wants] .

He was not a fool ; he knew what went on in the fields about his home in summer ; he was not himself without desires , desires and curiosity .
he was not a fool ; he knew what went on in the fields about his home in summer ; he was not himself without [wants] , [wants] and curiosity .

It was a shocking sight to see innocent little children chasing a Ball among their hot desires , burning like dangerous flowers in the grass , each couple shameless and oblivious , weaving around themselves a tight cocoon of lust and indifference to others .
it was a shocking sight to see innocent little children chasing a ball among their hot [wants] , burning like dangerous flowers in the grass , each couple shameless and oblivious , weaving around themselves a tight cocoon of lust and indifference to others .

, ) either desires to cause such an effect , or when he realises what impact his conduct is almost certain to have and nevertheless persists with it .
, ) either [wants] to cause such an effect , or when he realises what impact his conduct is almost certain to have and nevertheless persists with it .

From the group 's perspective , it desires to be involved where it can influence the final shape of a policy so that it maximizes the benefits and minimizes the losses to its members .
from the group 's perspective , it [wants] to be involved where it can influence the final shape of a policy so that it maximizes the benefits and minimizes the losses to its members .

Yet a person or group may have power by shaping beliefs , values and desires .
yet a person or group may have power by shaping beliefs , values and [wants] .

However , it should not be the only reason for their creative activity , which should rather stem from less egotistic desires .
however , it should not be the only reason for their creative activity , which should rather stem from less egotistic [wants] .

Had he visualised his desires to Azmaveth inaccurately when he 'd breathed the fume ?
had he visualised his [wants] to azmaveth inaccurately when he 'd breathed the fume ?

In Por Tanssie we were fed toxins that killed our desires .
in por tanssie we were fed toxins that killed our [wants] .

John Forrester argues that Freud himself would have answered this question in the negative since he clearly considered that a subject 's unconscious desires should play no role whatsoever in evaluating whether or not there was a conscious wish for an event to take place .
john forrester argues that freud himself would have answered this question in the negative since he clearly considered that a subject 's unconscious [wants] should play no role whatsoever in evaluating whether or not there was a conscious wish for an event to take place .

In practice , of course , it would be extremely hard to establish any such unconscious desires in the complainant .
in practice , of course , it would be extremely hard to establish any such unconscious [wants] in the complainant .

From childhood he had feared that his most intimate thoughts and desires were different from those of others and when his reading showed him that they were not he felt that his grip on life had been strengthened , his confidence reinforced .
from childhood he had feared that his most intimate thoughts and [wants] were different from those of others and when his reading showed him that they were not he felt that his grip on life had been strengthened , his confidence reinforced .

Lady Aberdeen , Chair of the Trust , said : ‘ The students were selected on the personal recommendations of their college tutors for their high standard of performances and for their stated desires for a successful career on international concert platforms .
lady aberdeen , chair of the trust , said : ‘ the students were selected on the personal recommendations of their college tutors for their high standard of performances and for their stated [wants] for a successful career on international concert platforms .

He saw it as a struggle between the desires of the bourgeoisie , for whom sports were ‘ mere entertainment ’ and for whom play was merely a recuperative process following the real work of labour , and , the desires of the common people for whom games were ‘ an alternative life-activity in their own right ’ .
he saw it as a struggle between the [wants] of the bourgeoisie , for whom sports were ‘ mere entertainment ’ and for whom play was merely a recuperative process following the real work of labour , and , the [wants] of the common people for whom games were ‘ an alternative life-activity in their own right ’ .

If , as he further suggests , characterisation `` involves the manifestation of inner states , desires , motives , intentions , beliefs through action , including speech acts `` ( 1988 : 226 ) , then it becomes clear that the methods of analysing conversational behaviour in the real world are also readily applicable to the world of the dramatic work .
if , as he further suggests , characterisation `` involves the manifestation of inner states , [wants] , motives , intentions , beliefs through action , including speech acts `` ( 1988 : 226 ) , then it becomes clear that the methods of analysing conversational behaviour in the real world are also readily applicable to the world of the dramatic work .

For over a century prosecutors thought it sufficient to point to explicitness in the treatment of sex , on the assumption that exposure to such material would automatically arouse the libidinous desires associated with a state of depravity .
for over a century prosecutors thought it sufficient to point to explicitness in the treatment of sex , on the assumption that exposure to such material would automatically arouse the libidinous [wants] associated with a state of depravity .

With the court having ordered the husband 's interest to be conveyed or transferred to the wife , or agreement to that effect having been reached , it may be that the wife requests or desires that the house be conveyed or transferred to herself and her new husband .
with the court having ordered the husband 's interest to be conveyed or transferred to the wife , or agreement to that effect having been reached , it may be that the wife requests or [wants] that the house be conveyed or transferred to herself and her new husband .

Section 39 Trustee Act 1925 provides that where a trustee desires to be discharged from the trust and where after his discharge there will be either a trust corporation or at least two individuals to act as trustees , then if the trustee by deed declares that he desires to be discharged and his co-trustees consent , he shall be deemed to have retired from the trust .
section 39 trustee act 1925 provides that where a trustee [wants] to be discharged from the trust and where after his discharge there will be either a trust corporation or at least two individuals to act as trustees , then if the trustee by deed declares that he [wants] to be discharged and his co-trustees consent , he shall be deemed to have retired from the trust .

Even leaving aside Ross 's anger at not being consulted about such an important decision , it would be irresponsible to put her own needs and desires above those of the children .
even leaving aside ross 's anger at not being consulted about such an important decision , it would be irresponsible to put her own needs and [wants] above those of the children .

The following year , in her review of O'Keeffe 's 1928 exhibition , critic Marya Mannes refused to accept the idea that O'Keefe 's work was , foremost an expression of the feelings and desires of a woman .
the following year , in her review of o'keeffe 's 1928 exhibition , critic marya mannes refused to accept the idea that o'keefe 's work was , foremost an expression of the feelings and [wants] of a woman .

Ca n't you see far enough beyond your own petty little desires to realise that ?
ca n't you see far enough beyond your own petty little [wants] to realise that ?

How could Vitor tap so effortlessly into her physical awareness — of him , and of her own traitorous desires ?
how could vitor tap so effortlessly into her physical awareness — of him , and of her own traitorous [wants] ?

‘ He had a tremendously guilty conscience about his desires .
‘ he had a tremendously guilty conscience about his [wants] .

What is likely is that once more Ken did not follow through with his desires .
what is likely is that once more ken did not follow through with his [wants] .

Divinity desires a world like this burning tree .
divinity [wants] a world like this burning tree .

Where a plaintiff in the first instance desires to have an account taken , the particulars must state the amount which the plaintiff claims subject to the taking of the account , and if no such amount is stated , the plaintiff will be deemed to claim £5,000 ( Ord 6 , r 2 ) .
where a plaintiff in the first instance [wants] to have an account taken , the particulars must state the amount which the plaintiff claims subject to the taking of the account , and if no such amount is stated , the plaintiff will be deemed to claim £5,000 ( ord 6 , r 2 ) .

However , where a defendant does not reside or carry on business within the district of the court and he desires the action to be transferred to the court for the district in which he resides or carries on business , he may , after delivering a defence , counterclaim , or request for time for payment , apply ex parte in writing for an order to transfer the action to that court .
however , where a defendant does not reside or carry on business within the district of the court and he [wants] the action to be transferred to the court for the district in which he resides or carries on business , he may , after delivering a defence , counterclaim , or request for time for payment , apply ex parte in writing for an order to transfer the action to that court .

Where a party desires without having first obtained an order to use an affidavit at the hearing , he may not less than 14 days before the hearing give notice accompanied by a copy of the affidavit to the party against whom it is to be used .
where a party [wants] without having first obtained an order to use an affidavit at the hearing , he may not less than 14 days before the hearing give notice accompanied by a copy of the affidavit to the party against whom it is to be used .

If the plaintiff so desires and the proper officer so allows , the summons itself may be prepared by the plaintiff in which case a copy must be filed instead of a request .
if the plaintiff so [wants] and the proper officer so allows , the summons itself may be prepared by the plaintiff in which case a copy must be filed instead of a request .

Here the desires of the vendor and Newco may converge because the problem for Newco in acquiring goodwill is that it will reduce Newco 's distributable profits as it must be written off in the profit and loss account , unless it can be written off against the share premium account .
here the [wants] of the vendor and newco may converge because the problem for newco in acquiring goodwill is that it will reduce newco 's distributable profits as it must be written off in the profit and loss account , unless it can be written off against the share premium account .

[ Garments ] are the place of juncture for a multiplicity of meanings , the locus for the expression of divergent desires .
[ garments ] are the place of juncture for a multiplicity of meanings , the locus for the expression of divergent [wants] .

" Dost thou , " the Padre asked the Collector , " In the name of this child , renounce the devil and all his works , the vain pomp and glory of the world , with all covetous desires of the same , and the carnal desires of the flesh , so that thou wilt not follow , nor be led by them ? "
" dost thou , " the padre asked the collector , " in the name of this child , renounce the devil and all his works , the vain pomp and glory of the world , with all covetous [wants] of the same , and the carnal [wants] of the flesh , so that thou wilt not follow , nor be led by them ? "

In the course of the eleventh and twelfth centuries aristocratic society — courtly society — came to look upon sexual love , its desires and its complications , as an absorbing and fashionable subject .
in the course of the eleventh and twelfth centuries aristocratic society — courtly society — came to look upon sexual love , its [wants] and its complications , as an absorbing and fashionable subject .

Unless our own society renounced `` many wrong ambitions and wrong desires `` and maintained its allegiance to God , it would certainly become no better and perhaps much worse than other regimes `` which are popularly execrated `` .
unless our own society renounced `` many wrong ambitions and wrong [wants] `` and maintained its allegiance to god , it would certainly become no better and perhaps much worse than other regimes `` which are popularly execrated `` .

Accounts like Jeremy Seabrook 's in Working Class Childhood see in the material affection displayed towards children of our and more recent generations , the roots of a political failure on the part of the Labour movement to confront the inculcated desires of the market place . ``
accounts like jeremy seabrook 's in working class childhood see in the material affection displayed towards children of our and more recent generations , the roots of a political failure on the part of the labour movement to confront the inculcated [wants] of the market place . ``

They are engines of propaganda for the constantly changing policies , desires , personal wishes , personal likes and dislikes of two men .
they are engines of propaganda for the constantly changing policies , [wants] , personal wishes , personal likes and dislikes of two men .

She sat there in silence , and resentment made her cheeks hot : she resented the wasted hours of battle with her own desires , she resented her failed and needless attempts at empire , she was filled with hatred at the thought of lost anticipations .
she sat there in silence , and resentment made her cheeks hot : she resented the wasted hours of battle with her own [wants] , she resented her failed and needless attempts at empire , she was filled with hatred at the thought of lost anticipations .

‘ Next to the Devil you have no more bitter , more poisonous , more vehement an enemy than a real Jew who earnestly desires to be a Jew . ’
‘ next to the devil you have no more bitter , more poisonous , more vehement an enemy than a real jew who earnestly [wants] to be a jew . ’

Sex is possible , too , during menstruation ; many women feel disinclined towards it at this time of the month , but some feel their strongest desires during the menstrual period .
sex is possible , too , during menstruation ; many women feel disinclined towards it at this time of the month , but some feel their strongest [wants] during the menstrual period .

In any situation , including the professional one , the social worker functions as a sexual creature , subject to his or her own sexual urges , needs , desires , hang-ups , inhibitions , fantasies and attitudes .
in any situation , including the professional one , the social worker functions as a sexual creature , subject to his or her own sexual urges , needs , [wants] , hang-ups , inhibitions , fantasies and attitudes .

With his first vote the West German elector can if he so desires make a choice solely with reference to the rival candidates ' personal qualities or their popularity .
with his first vote the west german elector can if he so [wants] make a choice solely with reference to the rival candidates ' personal qualities or their popularity .

He might have sexual desires , he might find certain people attractive .
he might have sexual [wants] , he might find certain people attractive .

This is because in considering what are the interests of the shareholders the directors are not obliged actually to consider what the subjective desires of the shareholders might be .
this is because in considering what are the interests of the shareholders the directors are not obliged actually to consider what the subjective [wants] of the shareholders might be .

Just because an industry desires a convenient method of cartel formation , that does not mean it will necessarily get it .
just because an industry [wants] a convenient method of cartel formation , that does not mean it will necessarily get it .

However , it may be that management has its own objective , or is forced into one by its shareholders , so that the state may find it needs to impose additional constraints to mould that objective to its own desires .
however , it may be that management has its own objective , or is forced into one by its shareholders , so that the state may find it needs to impose additional constraints to mould that objective to its own [wants] .

It seemed it was not a shop , or a store , but a palace , full of the stuff of dreams , stocked with fancies and sheer imaginings , desires and private caprices .
it seemed it was not a shop , or a store , but a palace , full of the stuff of dreams , stocked with fancies and sheer imaginings , [wants] and private caprices .

But such privileged access was for the few : most men had to relay their desires through the elite which manned the doors of power .
but such privileged access was for the few : most men had to relay their [wants] through the elite which manned the doors of power .

Now that virtue could be acknowledged in the toddler as he freely followed his own natural pursuits and interests — not excluding the exploration of his own body-the ground was finally prepared for an acceptance of babies ' desires as needs in themselves : ‘ Babies want attention ; they probably need plenty of it ’ ( Children 's Bureau , 1945 ) .
now that virtue could be acknowledged in the toddler as he freely followed his own natural pursuits and interests — not excluding the exploration of his own body-the ground was finally prepared for an acceptance of babies ' [wants] as needs in themselves : ‘ babies want attention ; they probably need plenty of it ’ ( children 's bureau , 1945 ) .

Who is more specialist about their longings and desires than the people themselves who are desperate to have children ?
who is more specialist about their longings and [wants] than the people themselves who are desperate to have children ?

Reconciling the desires of the individual and the cohesiveness of the community has not always been easy .
reconciling the [wants] of the individual and the cohesiveness of the community has not always been easy .

Members of Parliament then have an opportunity to discuss and amend , accepting or rejecting the proposals in the light of what they consider to be the needs and desires of their constituents .
members of parliament then have an opportunity to discuss and amend , accepting or rejecting the proposals in the light of what they consider to be the needs and [wants] of their constituents .

Criminal injuries compensation , the precursor of policies which two decades later were to be matched more closely to the actual situation of victims of crime , their needs and desires , had a mixed provenance towards which penal reform groups , official thinking and party political interests each contributed .
criminal injuries compensation , the precursor of policies which two decades later were to be matched more closely to the actual situation of victims of crime , their needs and [wants] , had a mixed provenance towards which penal reform groups , official thinking and party political interests each contributed .

In particular , national desires to shift from import-replacing investments to export-creating ones may be confounded by administrative impossibility .
in particular , national [wants] to shift from import-replacing investments to export-creating ones may be confounded by administrative impossibility .

The basic driving forces propelling firms abroad come from managers ' desires for growth , for cost reduction and for control .
the basic driving forces propelling firms abroad come from managers ' [wants] for growth , for cost reduction and for control .

The activity ‘ springs neither from instant desires , nor from general principles , but from the existing behaviours themselves ’ .
the activity ‘ springs neither from instant [wants] , nor from general principles , but from the existing behaviours themselves ’ .

These theories were based on the idea of the rational individual with certain desires rationally fitting means to ends , the ends themselves not being susceptible of rational calculation .
these theories were based on the idea of the rational individual with certain [wants] rationally fitting means to ends , the ends themselves not being susceptible of rational calculation .

The objective is to transform instincts and desires in such a way that they can be fitted to the overall goals of a person 's deliberative life .
the objective is to transform instincts and [wants] in such a way that they can be fitted to the overall goals of a person 's deliberative life .

Its power is determined by the degree to which it aids what that whole social structure reports as its desires .
its power is determined by the degree to which it aids what that whole social structure reports as its [wants] .

Primary process thinking is driven by what he called the pleasure principle , whereby the instant gratification of infantile desires is achieved by making use of a number of irrational but personally satisfying mental tricks ( mechanisms he called condensation , displacement , substitution and symbolization ) .
primary process thinking is driven by what he called the pleasure principle , whereby the instant gratification of infantile [wants] is achieved by making use of a number of irrational but personally satisfying mental tricks ( mechanisms he called condensation , displacement , substitution and symbolization ) .

The latent dream , only accessible through extensive analysis of the manifest dream , is the `` true `` dream — the expression in wish-fulfilment of strongly-felt desires .
the latent dream , only accessible through extensive analysis of the manifest dream , is the `` true `` dream — the expression in wish-fulfilment of strongly-felt [wants] .

When you look around at all the -products which flop , or those which make you wonder who would buy them , and at the companies which fail to keep up with consumer desires and demands , you may well pause to reflect on the success of the marketing approach .
when you look around at all the -products which flop , or those which make you wonder who would buy them , and at the companies which fail to keep up with consumer [wants] and demands , you may well pause to reflect on the success of the marketing approach .

Your own bosses also sometimes keep in uncomfortably close touch with you — telephone calls at night , sudden desires to `` sit in `` on your client meetings , unscheduled weekend meetings .
your own bosses also sometimes keep in uncomfortably close touch with you — telephone calls at night , sudden [wants] to `` sit in `` on your client meetings , unscheduled weekend meetings .

She confesses to thinking more now about her social life , and marriage and children do n't seem quite so remote from her dreams but her temporal desires remain on the backburner still , sacrificed for a higher purpose : the music and anyone who attempts to dig for a Máire , a Sinéad , or a Mary Couglan should be arrested for indecency .
she confesses to thinking more now about her social life , and marriage and children do n't seem quite so remote from her dreams but her temporal [wants] remain on the backburner still , sacrificed for a higher purpose : the music and anyone who attempts to dig for a máire , a sinéad , or a mary couglan should be arrested for indecency .

But it is worth pointing out one obvious hostage given by treating the ‘ inside ’ as a matter of the desires and beliefs of individual actors .
but it is worth pointing out one obvious hostage given by treating the ‘ inside ’ as a matter of the [wants] and beliefs of individual actors .

It is that the actors ' desires , beliefs , and resulting reasons for action may be generated in turn by external factors .
it is that the actors ' [wants] , beliefs , and resulting reasons for action may be generated in turn by external factors .

But , in international relations as in economics , there is scope for applying scientific method to the beliefs and desires of individuals .
but , in international relations as in economics , there is scope for applying scientific method to the beliefs and [wants] of individuals .

Admittedly the difference between understanding from inside and explaining from outside will seem to be pretty thin , if beliefs and desires can appear in scientific explanations .
admittedly the difference between understanding from inside and explaining from outside will seem to be pretty thin , if beliefs and [wants] can appear in scientific explanations .

When James dispatches Paul and others on missionary expeditions , he desires them to convert people to Jesus 's form of Judaism .
when james dispatches paul and others on missionary expeditions , he [wants] them to convert people to jesus 's form of judaism .

For though here on earth she seems to live eternally , it is but the shadow of her beauty that men see — each as he desires it .
for though here on earth she seems to live eternally , it is but the shadow of her beauty that men see — each as he [wants] it .

Tempted by his ardour , Ayesha warns him of the danger if she does as he desires .
tempted by his ardour , ayesha warns him of the danger if she does as he [wants] .

’ Her dramatic assertion may have been wish fulfilment , a hyperbolic statement expressing her real desires , but with such an unstable outlook we could n't take any chances : publication was brought forward to June .
’ her dramatic assertion may have been wish fulfilment , a hyperbolic statement expressing her real [wants] , but with such an unstable outlook we could n't take any chances : publication was brought forward to june .

Where standard discussions of the self talk about memory and unity , brain transplants , the rational agent acting on his beliefs and desires , or the self in its public aspect as citizen , here the self is looked at in the context of the past history of a person , unconscious or fantasy relationships with others , the importance of feelings , or the body .
where standard discussions of the self talk about memory and unity , brain transplants , the rational agent acting on his beliefs and [wants] , or the self in its public aspect as citizen , here the self is looked at in the context of the past history of a person , unconscious or fantasy relationships with others , the importance of feelings , or the body .

The subjectivity she has is as a subject who desires to be object-a subject who wants only to satisfy the wants of the Master .
the subjectivity she has is as a subject who [wants] to be object-a subject who wants only to satisfy the wants of the master .

And this , as once again Wollheim argues , though it may not lead to action like that in the representation , acts as a lure to the formation of fresh dispositions to act — of fresh desires .
and this , as once again wollheim argues , though it may not lead to action like that in the representation , acts as a lure to the formation of fresh dispositions to act — of fresh [wants] .

Thus a full description of what is wrong with pornography is that it reinforces desires on the part of men to treat women as objects , as means , and thus , indirectly , it reinforces male power .
thus a full description of what is wrong with pornography is that it reinforces [wants] on the part of men to treat women as objects , as means , and thus , indirectly , it reinforces male power .

The female self , under male domination , is riddled through and through with false or conditioned desires .
the female self , under male domination , is riddled through and through with false or conditioned [wants] .

But behind this victimised female self , whose actions and desires are assumed to be not truly ‘ her own ’ , since they derive from processes of force , conditioning or psychological manipulation , there is seen to be an authentic female self , whose recovery or discovery it is one of the aims of feminism to achieve .
but behind this victimised female self , whose actions and [wants] are assumed to be not truly ‘ her own ’ , since they derive from processes of force , conditioning or psychological manipulation , there is seen to be an authentic female self , whose recovery or discovery it is one of the aims of feminism to achieve .

Freud wrote of the way in which fantasies or desires , often seen as evil or dangerous , could come to dominate a person 's life .
freud wrote of the way in which fantasies or [wants] , often seen as evil or dangerous , could come to dominate a person 's life .

In these cases , the self is , as it were , split against itself , subject to desires and impulses that seem ‘ out of character ’ .
in these cases , the self is , as it were , split against itself , subject to [wants] and impulses that seem ‘ out of character ’ .

Freud believed that at the root of all neuroses lay repressed sexual desires , but even if one does not follow him in this , it would be hard to resist the conclusion that this was true of some of his patients .
freud believed that at the root of all neuroses lay repressed sexual [wants] , but even if one does not follow him in this , it would be hard to resist the conclusion that this was true of some of his patients .

Sometimes they possessed knowledge about sex , but could not admit that this was sexual , or that they had those sorts of desires .
sometimes they possessed knowledge about sex , but could not admit that this was sexual , or that they had those sorts of [wants] .

He stressed that psychoanalysis was never concerned solely with desires seen as arising unmediated from the body , but always with psychic representations of these .
he stressed that psychoanalysis was never concerned solely with [wants] seen as arising unmediated from the body , but always with psychic representations of these .

But he also believed in a sort of Lamarckian view of the inheritance of a ‘ primal schema ’ of desires and fantasies which determined the form taken by the Oedipal situation .
but he also believed in a sort of lamarckian view of the inheritance of a ‘ primal schema ’ of [wants] and fantasies which determined the form taken by the oedipal situation .

Psychoanalysis aimed to trace its roots in unconscious desires ( though this was not a process merely of intellectual understanding ) .
psychoanalysis aimed to trace its roots in unconscious [wants] ( though this was not a process merely of intellectual understanding ) .

They must , for example , be able to think of themselves as ‘ the sort of person who does have incestuous sexual desires ’ , is prepared to avow them as ‘ part ’ of the self , and ceases to be so threatened by them .
they must , for example , be able to think of themselves as ‘ the sort of person who does have incestuous sexual [wants] ’ , is prepared to avow them as ‘ part ’ of the self , and ceases to be so threatened by them .

These men tend to be more confident that they can make their desires known to their partners , whereas those who did n't enjoy their introduction to sex are among the most likely to say that they ca n't express what they want .
these men tend to be more confident that they can make their [wants] known to their partners , whereas those who did n't enjoy their introduction to sex are among the most likely to say that they ca n't express what they want .

braun and brain For the man who has achieved all he desires — except the perfect shave — here is the Flex Control 4525 from Braun ( £104.99 , rrp ) .
braun and brain for the man who has achieved all he [wants] — except the perfect shave — here is the flex control 4525 from braun ( £104.99 , rrp ) .

The instincts are known to us as impulses , wishes or desires which seek direct satisfaction , unless they are totally repressed .
the instincts are known to us as impulses , wishes or [wants] which seek direct satisfaction , unless they are totally repressed .

These ‘ id-impulses ’ may be either for ‘ perverse ’ sexual acts which sometimes can not even be admitted to consciousness as acts which the person desires , or they may be impulses of sadism and destructiveness .
these ‘ id-impulses ’ may be either for ‘ perverse ’ sexual acts which sometimes can not even be admitted to consciousness as acts which the person [wants] , or they may be impulses of sadism and destructiveness .

’ Such a taboo breaker is dangerous to the rest of the members of the society because they have strong unconscious desires to do the same thing .
’ such a taboo breaker is dangerous to the rest of the members of the society because they have strong unconscious [wants] to do the same thing .

This corresponds to the stage of maturity in the individual 's development where he or she ‘ has renounced the pleasure principle , adjusted himself to reality and turned to the external world for the object of his desires ’ .
this corresponds to the stage of maturity in the individual 's development where he or she ‘ has renounced the pleasure principle , adjusted himself to reality and turned to the external world for the object of his [wants] ’ .

They renounced the women as sexual objects , even though their desires for the women had been the original motive for killing the father .
they renounced the women as sexual objects , even though their [wants] for the women had been the original motive for killing the father .

As much aim-inhibited libidinal energy as possible is needed to keep people bound together in communities and work situations , and to counteract their violent desires towards one another .
as much aim-inhibited libidinal energy as possible is needed to keep people bound together in communities and work situations , and to counteract their violent [wants] towards one another .

No admission offer promise payment or indemnity shall be made or given by or on behalf of the Policyholder without the written consent of the Corporation which shall be entitled if it so desires to take over and conduct in the name of the Policyholder the defence or settlement of any claim or to prosecute in the name of the Policyholder for its own benefit any claim for indemnity or damages or otherwise and shall have full discretion in the conduct of any proceedings or in the settlement of any claim and the Policyholder shall give all such information and assistance as the Corporation may require .
no admission offer promise payment or indemnity shall be made or given by or on behalf of the policyholder without the written consent of the corporation which shall be entitled if it so [wants] to take over and conduct in the name of the policyholder the defence or settlement of any claim or to prosecute in the name of the policyholder for its own benefit any claim for indemnity or damages or otherwise and shall have full discretion in the conduct of any proceedings or in the settlement of any claim and the policyholder shall give all such information and assistance as the corporation may require .

No admission offer promise payment or indemnity shall be made or given by or on behalf of the Policyholder or any person claiming to be indemnified without the written consent of the Corporation which shall be entitled if it so desires to take over and conduct in the name of the Policyholder or such person the defence or settlement of any claim or to prosecute in the name of the Policyholder or such person for its own benefit any claim for indemnity or damages or otherwise and shall have full discretion in the conduct of any proceedings or in the settlement of any claim and the Policyholder or such person shall give all such information and assistance as the Corporation may require .
no admission offer promise payment or indemnity shall be made or given by or on behalf of the policyholder or any person claiming to be indemnified without the written consent of the corporation which shall be entitled if it so [wants] to take over and conduct in the name of the policyholder or such person the defence or settlement of any claim or to prosecute in the name of the policyholder or such person for its own benefit any claim for indemnity or damages or otherwise and shall have full discretion in the conduct of any proceedings or in the settlement of any claim and the policyholder or such person shall give all such information and assistance as the corporation may require .

The head teacher and the school board wish to retain the status quo and the Village Association also desires the retention of the nursery in its present location .
the head teacher and the school board wish to retain the status quo and the village association also [wants] the retention of the nursery in its present location .

Just as Marlowe can choose to enter into purely fantastical land of his own making , which caters for his own desires and ignores that which he is unable to cope with in the real world , Marvell can slip into his garden and is free , for a period , from the ball and chain of the world he flees from .
just as marlowe can choose to enter into purely fantastical land of his own making , which caters for his own [wants] and ignores that which he is unable to cope with in the real world , marvell can slip into his garden and is free , for a period , from the ball and chain of the world he flees from .

With the primal father dead and gone , and the act of rape of the mothers and sisters consummated , the positive side of the ambivalence got the upper hand and the ego , now relieved of an inner conflict by satisfaction of one of two contradictory desires , could allow itself to gratify the one which remained , namely , love for , and obedience to the father .
with the primal father dead and gone , and the act of rape of the mothers and sisters consummated , the positive side of the ambivalence got the upper hand and the ego , now relieved of an inner conflict by satisfaction of one of two contradictory [wants] , could allow itself to gratify the one which remained , namely , love for , and obedience to the father .

This was achieved by a religious ritual which may have stemmed from one in which the original parricides mutilated themselves ( and especially the organ which was responsible for their incestuous desires ) out of remorse and guilt at what they had done and in mourning for the primal father .
this was achieved by a religious ritual which may have stemmed from one in which the original parricides mutilated themselves ( and especially the organ which was responsible for their incestuous [wants] ) out of remorse and guilt at what they had done and in mourning for the primal father .

The reality is much more complex than this , though we would be well advised to remember the central insight of McLuhan , that the world is becoming a global village , and of McDonald s , that global packaging creates global desires .
the reality is much more complex than this , though we would be well advised to remember the central insight of mcluhan , that the world is becoming a global village , and of mcdonald s , that global packaging creates global [wants] .

As a result the boy represses his sexual desires towards his mother and identifies with the sexual role of the male portrayed by his father .
as a result the boy represses his sexual [wants] towards his mother and identifies with the sexual role of the male portrayed by his father .

Psychiatrist Dr Gerald Silverman runs kleptomania therapy groups ( for people who can not control their desires to steal ) , and claims most of his patients shoplift due to emotional worries or personal problems .
psychiatrist dr gerald silverman runs kleptomania therapy groups ( for people who can not control their [wants] to steal ) , and claims most of his patients shoplift due to emotional worries or personal problems .

However he did not hold the Soviet Union , a long-time Syrian ally , responsible for the exodus , saying that the relationship between Syria and the Soviet Union was `` as firm as ever `` , but blaming the United States `` for playing a major role in the realization of Israeli desires `` .
however he did not hold the soviet union , a long-time syrian ally , responsible for the exodus , saying that the relationship between syria and the soviet union was `` as firm as ever `` , but blaming the united states `` for playing a major role in the realization of israeli [wants] `` .

Such `` sartorial `` religion is taken seriously indeed , because it deals with deep human needs , desires and questions , and the level of conditioning can be deeply internalized .
such `` sartorial `` religion is taken seriously indeed , because it deals with deep human needs , [wants] and questions , and the level of conditioning can be deeply internalized .

They are understood by the ability of the imagination ( Rachel 's servant , Bilhah ) to relate these emotions to anticipation of the joys of heaven and pains of hell , and helped by the practice of self-discipline , abstinence and patience in the desires of sensuality ( Zilpah , Leah 's servant ) .
they are understood by the ability of the imagination ( rachel 's servant , bilhah ) to relate these emotions to anticipation of the joys of heaven and pains of hell , and helped by the practice of self-discipline , abstinence and patience in the [wants] of sensuality ( zilpah , leah 's servant ) .

To achieve this he creates a sense of the gap between the speaker and God by contrasting verbs of action which embody a sense of the dynamic power of the love of God to the speaker 's trapped stillness , and then resolves these apparent opposites as he perceives his stillness to be the very condition of the inner movement he desires .
to achieve this he creates a sense of the gap between the speaker and god by contrasting verbs of action which embody a sense of the dynamic power of the love of god to the speaker 's trapped stillness , and then resolves these apparent opposites as he perceives his stillness to be the very condition of the inner movement he [wants] .

The sale however is not restricted to an immediate outright sale of [ shareholder ] 's interest . [ Shareholder ] , in order to accommodate the desires of potential interested parties , is willing to consider a range of sale scenarios :
the sale however is not restricted to an immediate outright sale of [ shareholder ] 's interest . [ shareholder ] , in order to accommodate the [wants] of potential interested parties , is willing to consider a range of sale scenarios :

This claim has led some to argue that the smaller the unit of local government the more likely it is that the mix of local taxes and services will mirror the population 's desires .
this claim has led some to argue that the smaller the unit of local government the more likely it is that the mix of local taxes and services will mirror the population 's [wants] .

It may not in all cases be sufficient to advise a client that the action which he desires to take is not possible under the existing law ; circumstances may arise in which the proper answer is that if the law does not allow the action to be taken then the law itself should be changed .
it may not in all cases be sufficient to advise a client that the action which he [wants] to take is not possible under the existing law ; circumstances may arise in which the proper answer is that if the law does not allow the action to be taken then the law itself should be changed .

Whatever dreams or desires are turning you on you 'll want to pursue and promote them to the Nth degree this weekend .
whatever dreams or [wants] are turning you on you 'll want to pursue and promote them to the nth degree this weekend .

‘ Freedom is the consciousness of our desires . ’
‘ freedom is the consciousness of our [wants] . ’

It will be ‘ religious ’ in that it will appeal directly to people 's dreams and real desires , not to greed or the lust for irrelevant political power .
it will be ‘ religious ’ in that it will appeal directly to people 's dreams and real [wants] , not to greed or the lust for irrelevant political power .

She felt his hands move , his fingers sensuously stroking her breasts , refuelling those kiss-fired desires .
she felt his hands move , his fingers sensuously stroking her breasts , refuelling those kiss-fired [wants] .

Alone to explore the desires and passion which instinct promised her she had barely touched ; alone to burn in the blaze that leapt between them .
alone to explore the [wants] and passion which instinct promised her she had barely touched ; alone to burn in the blaze that leapt between them .

As the packaging suggests , Rex does indeed have a problem . He must find a priceless vase but more importantly he must escape from a planet of bizarre alien women with earthly desires ! My word , Rex does have a problem !
as the packaging suggests , rex does indeed have a problem . he must find a priceless vase but more importantly he must escape from a planet of bizarre alien women with earthly [wants] ! my word , rex does have a problem !

‘ The great and beautiful Dane Jacobsen would merely have to cock a finger and the object of his desires would surely come running .
‘ the great and beautiful dane jacobsen would merely have to cock a finger and the object of his [wants] would surely come running .

Even as she recognised the skill behind the caress , she was jolted by a dart of sheer untrammelled longing deep within her , and , hard as she tried to fight her own traitorous desires , she knew she was lost .
even as she recognised the skill behind the caress , she was jolted by a dart of sheer untrammelled longing deep within her , and , hard as she tried to fight her own traitorous [wants] , she knew she was lost .

Animal images , other considerations aside , may be seen to fill comfortably and unproblematically desires for order , peace , permanence and tradition in a decade where social and economic trends across the classes signify disturbances of all kinds .
animal images , other considerations aside , may be seen to fill comfortably and unproblematically [wants] for order , peace , permanence and tradition in a decade where social and economic trends across the classes signify disturbances of all kinds .

Androids have no limbic brain , and no desires .
androids have no limbic brain , and no [wants] .

In no way glamorous , a cuddly bundle of soft feminine humanity , she expresses Doris 's sweetness as powerfully as her animal desires .
in no way glamorous , a cuddly bundle of soft feminine humanity , she expresses doris 's sweetness as powerfully as her animal [wants] .

Freud , as Smith points out , saw the new kinds of collective social controls as suppressing basic natural desires , and , as a result , these instincts were being channelled into other more harmful forms such as aggression .
freud , as smith points out , saw the new kinds of collective social controls as suppressing basic natural [wants] , and , as a result , these instincts were being channelled into other more harmful forms such as aggression .

Freud writes , for example , of the ego 's ‘ wish to sleep ’ , although while asleep it stays on duty' to protect against the worst emanations of the unconscious , ‘ guarding ’ the sleep of the dreamer … Whose sleep is it the ego desires ? The agent 's ? Its own ? ’ .
freud writes , for example , of the ego 's ‘ wish to sleep ’ , although while asleep it stays on duty' to protect against the worst emanations of the unconscious , ‘ guarding ’ the sleep of the dreamer … whose sleep is it the ego [wants] ? the agent 's ? its own ? ’ .

This may have been something of a rationalisation of his instinctive desires , but it was a perfectly defensible attitude .
this may have been something of a rationalisation of his instinctive [wants] , but it was a perfectly defensible attitude .

And a gentleman who desires to speak in answer to it .
and a gentleman who [wants] to speak in answer to it .

She was not so young and giddy that she had no understanding of the desires and problems of others .
she was not so young and giddy that she had no understanding of the [wants] and problems of others .

She had several almost overwhelming desires .
she had several almost overwhelming [wants] .

The environmental panic is heaven for the high priests of advertising whose function it is to capitalize on fears and desires .
the environmental panic is heaven for the high priests of advertising whose function it is to capitalize on fears and [wants] .

Rarely do they investigate the needs and desires of the forest-dwellers themselves .
rarely do they investigate the needs and [wants] of the forest-dwellers themselves .

They may be unable to assess or contribute adequately to national nursing education needs or desires .
they may be unable to assess or contribute adequately to national nursing education needs or [wants] .

Perhaps it had been all in her imagination , fuelled by her own desires .
perhaps it had been all in her imagination , fuelled by her own [wants] .

Thank God she had n't revealed those desires to Fen .
thank god she had n't revealed those [wants] to fen .

But love was blind , so they said , and obviously Fen was blinded again by his emotions — and probably by his physical desires too .
but love was blind , so they said , and obviously fen was blinded again by his emotions — and probably by his physical [wants] too .

This was in keeping with the desires of poets such as Spenser to have their work accepted seriously by high culture and who , thus , sought conditions of production which would ensure they addressed an exclusive audience .
this was in keeping with the [wants] of poets such as spenser to have their work accepted seriously by high culture and who , thus , sought conditions of production which would ensure they addressed an exclusive audience .

Yet , literary criticism , past as well as present , desires a fixed text .
yet , literary criticism , past as well as present , [wants] a fixed text .

Here desires to construct a version of the play that best reflects Christopher Marlowe is decidedly the result of continuities and exclusions recognised ( and desired ) by editors anxious to contain the play , to create a singular text where more than one exists .
here [wants] to construct a version of the play that best reflects christopher marlowe is decidedly the result of continuities and exclusions recognised ( and desired ) by editors anxious to contain the play , to create a singular text where more than one exists .

She knew , of course , that men were driven by lusts of the flesh , desires that they satisfied with little or no regard for the females they wanted , but , strangely enough , she would not have considered fitzAlan to be a man to lose control of himself for that reason .
she knew , of course , that men were driven by lusts of the flesh , [wants] that they satisfied with little or no regard for the females they wanted , but , strangely enough , she would not have considered fitzalan to be a man to lose control of himself for that reason .

The smile turned indulgent . ‘ Well , if that is all your ladyship desires … ’
the smile turned indulgent . ‘ well , if that is all your ladyship [wants] … ’

For example , if a user desires information on asbestos roofing , there may be records for documents in the index that deal specifically with this topic which would be selected as highly relevant .
for example , if a user [wants] information on asbestos roofing , there may be records for documents in the index that deal specifically with this topic which would be selected as highly relevant .

Postwar economic growth , especially in the past decade of celebration of free enterprise and markets , has generated a more or less universal acquisitiveness , and it is far from evident that in circumstances in which the desires which have been aroused can not be gratified , or their pursuit breeds disillusionment , socialism , historically grounded in the labour movement , does or can now provide a new direction .
postwar economic growth , especially in the past decade of celebration of free enterprise and markets , has generated a more or less universal acquisitiveness , and it is far from evident that in circumstances in which the [wants] which have been aroused can not be gratified , or their pursuit breeds disillusionment , socialism , historically grounded in the labour movement , does or can now provide a new direction .

On the contrary , it is to yearn for closer unity to be built on firm foundations and to reflect the real desires of a complex patchwork of different nations and of peoples who live in that part of the world geographically known as Europe .
on the contrary , it is to yearn for closer unity to be built on firm foundations and to reflect the real [wants] of a complex patchwork of different nations and of peoples who live in that part of the world geographically known as europe .

Consider an unemployed individual who desires to work but knows nothing about job vacancies and is thus ‘ searching ’ for a suitable job in a segment of the labour market .
consider an unemployed individual who [wants] to work but knows nothing about job vacancies and is thus ‘ searching ’ for a suitable job in a segment of the labour market .

She wanted to feel his lips there , wantonly betrayed by her own unleashed desires , the pulses of arousal singing in her body , every nerve jerking with the intolerably slow progress of his mouth .
she wanted to feel his lips there , wantonly betrayed by her own unleashed [wants] , the pulses of arousal singing in her body , every nerve jerking with the intolerably slow progress of his mouth .

However ‘ competitive ’ the discount houses ' offer to sell bills to the Bank may look superficially , we can be certain the houses will not make offers which are very far from either the price the bank desires or from each other .
however ‘ competitive ’ the discount houses ' offer to sell bills to the bank may look superficially , we can be certain the houses will not make offers which are very far from either the price the bank [wants] or from each other .

Life being what it is , unfortunately , our desires inevitably conflict , especially since we are social beings as well as individuals ( Richards invokes Bentham here ) , and thus have to consider the needs of others as well as our own .
life being what it is , unfortunately , our [wants] inevitably conflict , especially since we are social beings as well as individuals ( richards invokes bentham here ) , and thus have to consider the needs of others as well as our own .

‘ Pilgrims and ascetics come from countries and cities far and near to seek the fulfilment of their desires .
‘ pilgrims and ascetics come from countries and cities far and near to seek the fulfilment of their [wants] .

None of these new titles claim to be feminist , rather they tend to address fears and desires hitherto ignored .
none of these new titles claim to be feminist , rather they tend to address fears and [wants] hitherto ignored .

But the man who desires to know himself more completely — however strange and confusing his discoveries may be — he is drawn further within until he finds in the texts a mirror of his own complexity .
but the man who [wants] to know himself more completely — however strange and confusing his discoveries may be — he is drawn further within until he finds in the texts a mirror of his own complexity .

who , with or without reasonable accommodation , can perform the essential functions of the employment position that such individual holds or desires …
who , with or without reasonable accommodation , can perform the essential functions of the employment position that such individual holds or [wants] …

The panel of observers were asked their desires for educational reform .
the panel of observers were asked their [wants] for educational reform .

They argued that it would act as a mirror `` to reflect the desires , opinions and hardships of the Thai society `` so as to promote unity , ensure that the population 's grievances were heard , and prevent future crises from undermining the country and its institutions .
they argued that it would act as a mirror `` to reflect the [wants] , opinions and hardships of the thai society `` so as to promote unity , ensure that the population 's grievances were heard , and prevent future crises from undermining the country and its institutions .

We may note that in its targeting of a number of these figures , the fabliaux present a morality that does not offer a blanket indulgence to sexual desires ; in some respects fabliau morality is very conventional .
we may note that in its targeting of a number of these figures , the fabliaux present a morality that does not offer a blanket indulgence to sexual [wants] ; in some respects fabliau morality is very conventional .

Thus a considerable proportion of the fabliaux may appear less inhibited in expressing their underlying desires than the more sophisticated sexual joke envisaged by Freud .
thus a considerable proportion of the fabliaux may appear less inhibited in expressing their underlying [wants] than the more sophisticated sexual joke envisaged by freud .

and offering her services more generally to any man who is failing to " get " the object of his desires .
and offering her services more generally to any man who is failing to " get " the object of his [wants] .

Swanton 's presentation of the poem is an exercise in detailed précis and commentary ; the only complexity of any credit that is found added to `` `` pure narrative at its simplest and barest `` `` is a little irony in the incredible moral comment passed by the narrator on the clerk 's desires : ( In this he was wrong !
swanton 's presentation of the poem is an exercise in detailed précis and commentary ; the only complexity of any credit that is found added to `` `` pure narrative at its simplest and barest `` `` is a little irony in the incredible moral comment passed by the narrator on the clerk 's [wants] : ( in this he was wrong !

But it is a heavily biased reading of Dame Sirith to see only the antifeminist direction and to ignore the unfavourable reflections upon Wilekin 's base attitude and desires .
but it is a heavily biased reading of dame sirith to see only the antifeminist direction and to ignore the unfavourable reflections upon wilekin 's base attitude and [wants] .

And it is not easy to discover any more covert or sophisticated moral view of the characters and the events of the poem : it does not dwell in any suggestive way on the irremediable carnality of human desires , and only with a degree of distortion and uncalled for determination could we assert that the poem is significantly antifeminist or anticlerical .
and it is not easy to discover any more covert or sophisticated moral view of the characters and the events of the poem : it does not dwell in any suggestive way on the irremediable carnality of human [wants] , and only with a degree of distortion and uncalled for determination could we assert that the poem is significantly antifeminist or anticlerical .

( Line 3 could be read " Where is your father , where is your mother ? " ) . The man 's desires are immediately revealed : ( " That man would be well off indeed who might have such a maiden as his wife " )
( line 3 could be read " where is your father , where is your mother ? " ) . the man 's [wants] are immediately revealed : ( " that man would be well off indeed who might have such a maiden as his wife " )

He has been soundly scourged , verbally , by the girl , and can only respond by going off to Mome Elwis , and giving her another verbose and self-pitying plea ( lines 39 – 62 ) , repetitiously anticipating his own death if his sexual desires are not gratified .
he has been soundly scourged , verbally , by the girl , and can only respond by going off to mome elwis , and giving her another verbose and self-pitying plea ( lines 39 – 62 ) , repetitiously anticipating his own death if his sexual [wants] are not gratified .

The husband 's preoccupation with his commercial affairs , which might imply a neglect of his wife 's conjugal and material desires , is repeatedly hinted at .
the husband 's preoccupation with his commercial affairs , which might imply a neglect of his wife 's conjugal and material [wants] , is repeatedly hinted at .

The pornographic monologue of the monk 's expressed thoughts soon turns into a pornographic play , in the dialogue between monk and wife whereby each tests and reassures the other that their desires , and their readiness to hide those desires under the dissimulation of a financial bargain , match .
the pornographic monologue of the monk 's expressed thoughts soon turns into a pornographic play , in the dialogue between monk and wife whereby each tests and reassures the other that their [wants] , and their readiness to hide those [wants] under the dissimulation of a financial bargain , match .

The infinitive event is expressed as non-realized with verbs expressing desire ( He wants , wishes , desires to leave ) , endeavour ( He tried , attempted , endeavoured to explain it to me ) , verbal command ( He asked , told , ordered , commanded them to open the door ) , requirement ( The law requires you to purchase a licence .
the infinitive event is expressed as non-realized with verbs expressing desire ( he wants , wishes , [wants] to leave ) , endeavour ( he tried , attempted , endeavoured to explain it to me ) , verbal command ( he asked , told , ordered , commanded them to open the door ) , requirement ( the law requires you to purchase a licence .

Other examples show however that the person of which the infinitive event is predicated is not always the speaker : ( 4 ) … but he was differently designed , full of desires and aspirations , itching at the fingers , lusting with the eyes , whom the whole variegated world could not satisfy with aspects .
other examples show however that the person of which the infinitive event is predicated is not always the speaker : ( 4 ) … but he was differently designed , full of [wants] and aspirations , itching at the fingers , lusting with the eyes , whom the whole variegated world could not satisfy with aspects .

Finally , for Schopenhauer Greek tragedy has a significance that must be comprehended in terms of his particular brand of pessimism : it provides a powerful demonstration of the vanity of all desires of the `` will `` , its foolish stubbornness , and the unworthiness of all its goals .
finally , for schopenhauer greek tragedy has a significance that must be comprehended in terms of his particular brand of pessimism : it provides a powerful demonstration of the vanity of all [wants] of the `` will `` , its foolish stubbornness , and the unworthiness of all its goals .

Here the unconscious mind takes the more specific form of Christabel 's sexuality and sexual desires , which she has been taught by her upbringing to disregard , and even to suppress , seeing them as the dark and evil side of human nature .
here the unconscious mind takes the more specific form of christabel 's sexuality and sexual [wants] , which she has been taught by her upbringing to disregard , and even to suppress , seeing them as the dark and evil side of human nature .

In the sense that he desires this unknown figure , he craves her warmth , her yielding flesh , her mystery .
in the sense that he [wants] this unknown figure , he craves her warmth , her yielding flesh , her mystery .

Methodism is knitting those spiritual bands which will help to draw the scattered fragments of the English race into that great Confederation which every wise statesman desires .
methodism is knitting those spiritual bands which will help to draw the scattered fragments of the english race into that great confederation which every wise statesman [wants] .

We are ready to take any penalty Mr Mills desires to place upon us ’ .
we are ready to take any penalty mr mills [wants] to place upon us ’ .

Perhaps Mr Browning was entirely above reproach , though there were those who saw him constantly at Isa Blagden 's and thought that friendship promised more ; perhaps he was able to subdue the desires of a healthy man in his prime , but Ferdinando would not be able to if temptation was set in his way .
perhaps mr browning was entirely above reproach , though there were those who saw him constantly at isa blagden 's and thought that friendship promised more ; perhaps he was able to subdue the [wants] of a healthy man in his prime , but ferdinando would not be able to if temptation was set in his way .

Feelings of guilt are really about a sense of unentitlement ; in thinking that your desires and feelings are wrong or ‘ silly ’ you are also saying that you feel you are wrong or silly , and not entitled to be taken seriously , or helped .
feelings of guilt are really about a sense of unentitlement ; in thinking that your [wants] and feelings are wrong or ‘ silly ’ you are also saying that you feel you are wrong or silly , and not entitled to be taken seriously , or helped .

Isidore of Seville ( d. 636 ) summed it all up thus : ‘ many who bear the attacks of the adversary and resist the desires of the flesh are martyrs , even in the time of peace , in virtue of this self-immolation to God in their heart : they would have been martyrs in the time of the persecutions ’ .
isidore of seville ( d. 636 ) summed it all up thus : ‘ many who bear the attacks of the adversary and resist the [wants] of the flesh are martyrs , even in the time of peace , in virtue of this self-immolation to god in their heart : they would have been martyrs in the time of the persecutions ’ .

The President 's desires , which weighed so heavily on the negotiators , could not be admitted except in code .
the president 's [wants] , which weighed so heavily on the negotiators , could not be admitted except in code .

Berlin Bertie mixes gritty realism with poetic passages in which the five characters step out of the action to express their innermost thoughts and desires .
berlin bertie mixes gritty realism with poetic passages in which the five characters step out of the action to express their innermost thoughts and [wants] .

Pop 's power , its danger and its crime , consist in its over-stimulation of desires for pleasure and for self-aggrandizement : desires constructed by capitalism .
pop 's power , its danger and its crime , consist in its over-stimulation of [wants] for pleasure and for self-aggrandizement : [wants] constructed by capitalism .

Yet our koinonia ( fellowship ) so often falls short of the unity Christ desires .
yet our koinonia ( fellowship ) so often falls short of the unity christ [wants] .

In Hobbes 's view , humans always act according to desires , and so always act so as to produce the increase in vital motion , which is pleasure .
in hobbes 's view , humans always act according to [wants] , and so always act so as to produce the increase in vital motion , which is pleasure .

It does seem possible to act on desires in a free , and relatively deliberate , way .
it does seem possible to act on [wants] in a free , and relatively deliberate , way .

It does not seem that we necessarily are always simply taken , let alone overtaken , by our desires , so that they act themselves out in us as the force of the wind acts on a leaf .
it does not seem that we necessarily are always simply taken , let alone overtaken , by our [wants] , so that they act themselves out in us as the force of the wind acts on a leaf .

But the having of a principle of action , as opposed to the unreflecting impulsive acting out of a desire , has , in fact , no place in Hobbes 's scheme ( unless such principles are taken simply to be settled general desires ) .
but the having of a principle of action , as opposed to the unreflecting impulsive acting out of a desire , has , in fact , no place in hobbes 's scheme ( unless such principles are taken simply to be settled general [wants] ) .

What we might think of as a process of deliberation and choice about our desires is , for him , simply the interplay and jostling of desires amongst themselves ; and what we call ‘ will ’ is simply the desire that wins .
what we might think of as a process of deliberation and choice about our [wants] is , for him , simply the interplay and jostling of [wants] amongst themselves ; and what we call ‘ will ’ is simply the desire that wins .

Indeed , unless our desires do determine our actions , we are not free .
indeed , unless our [wants] do determine our actions , we are not free .

For the ‘ motions of the mind ’ , our desires and aversions , and what they may lead us to do , are not theoretical constructs known only by ‘ ratiocination ’ , and introduced as an intermediary stage in the reduction of political to natural philosophy .
for the ‘ motions of the mind ’ , our [wants] and aversions , and what they may lead us to do , are not theoretical constructs known only by ‘ ratiocination ’ , and introduced as an intermediary stage in the reduction of political to natural philosophy .

It does not take the explanations of moral philosophy about the relation of our desires and aversions , and hopes and fears , to the motion of the blood , to tell us that ‘ unless they be restrained by some power , [ men ] … will always be making war upon another ’ .
it does not take the explanations of moral philosophy about the relation of our [wants] and aversions , and hopes and fears , to the motion of the blood , to tell us that ‘ unless they be restrained by some power , [ men ] … will always be making war upon another ’ .

For him , an established and stable state was a necessary condition for the satisfaction of men 's desires ; the peace it offered was its rationale and justification .
for him , an established and stable state was a necessary condition for the satisfaction of men 's [wants] ; the peace it offered was its rationale and justification .

As for the first , it should be remembered that for an Epicurean the worst pain is the groundless fear of what may happen after death , and that excessive unnatural desires are painful too .
as for the first , it should be remembered that for an epicurean the worst pain is the groundless fear of what may happen after death , and that excessive unnatural [wants] are painful too .

DeFries made a lot of career decisions for David that worked , but suddenly decisions , desires to do things , were coming between the two of them , so there was a clash on whose decision was going to win and whose idea was going to win .
defries made a lot of career decisions for david that worked , but suddenly decisions , [wants] to do things , were coming between the two of them , so there was a clash on whose decision was going to win and whose idea was going to win .

About human affairs , about human motives , actions and desires .
about human affairs , about human motives , actions and [wants] .

For sheer daftness there 's no beating the British Tank Malling ( Cannons , Panton Street and Oxford Street , 18 ) which postulates a ludicrously megalomaniac semi-Fascist politico ( Peter Wyngarde ) , backed by criminals , the police , bishops and the judiciary in his attempt to bring moral regeneration to the country , while at the same time feeding the dirty sexual desires of the great and the good who back him .
for sheer daftness there 's no beating the british tank malling ( cannons , panton street and oxford street , 18 ) which postulates a ludicrously megalomaniac semi-fascist politico ( peter wyngarde ) , backed by criminals , the police , bishops and the judiciary in his attempt to bring moral regeneration to the country , while at the same time feeding the dirty sexual [wants] of the great and the good who back him .

Whether the reader is willing or able , or even desires , to adopt to some degree the approaches put forward will be decided in large part by his or her wider set of beliefs and understanding concerning the nature of schools , schooling and education .
whether the reader is willing or able , or even [wants] , to adopt to some degree the approaches put forward will be decided in large part by his or her wider set of beliefs and understanding concerning the nature of schools , schooling and education .

God alone can guarantee that the moral desires of humanity are satisfied — for instance , by providing a life after death in which happiness can be proportioned to virtue , as it patently is not in this life .
god alone can guarantee that the moral [wants] of humanity are satisfied — for instance , by providing a life after death in which happiness can be proportioned to virtue , as it patently is not in this life .

You need to know the desires , interests and capacities of your subordinates and above all to avoid doing their thinking for them .
you need to know the [wants] , interests and capacities of your subordinates and above all to avoid doing their thinking for them .

Just as you do not wish others to inflict their desires upon you , you must leave it to them to be free to follow their own direction in life .
just as you do not wish others to inflict their [wants] upon you , you must leave it to them to be free to follow their own direction in life .

But Sam harboured other desires .
but sam harboured other [wants] .

While the films made at the beginning of the war appealed for people to forget selfish desires and apply themselves to the common good , to put aside class divisions in order to confront an enemy that threatened everyone equally , the Gainsborough films addressed themselves to the frustrations and the pain that came after continuous self-sacrifice .
while the films made at the beginning of the war appealed for people to forget selfish [wants] and apply themselves to the common good , to put aside class divisions in order to confront an enemy that threatened everyone equally , the gainsborough films addressed themselves to the frustrations and the pain that came after continuous self-sacrifice .

Behind the façade of normal family existence in an East End street , in It Always Rains on Sunday ( 1947 ) , lurk strong , violent desires .
behind the façade of normal family existence in an east end street , in it always rains on sunday ( 1947 ) , lurk strong , violent [wants] .

It was advice Erika took seriously , distancing herself from Fritz as much as possible and adroitly using Rosa as a shield so that Fritz was forever baulked in his obscure desires .
it was advice erika took seriously , distancing herself from fritz as much as possible and adroitly using rosa as a shield so that fritz was forever baulked in his obscure [wants] .

has brought together , accumulated and assimilated by means of the physical materials of his art a host of desires , intentions , and conditions coming from all regions of his mind and being .
has brought together , accumulated and assimilated by means of the physical materials of his art a host of [wants] , intentions , and conditions coming from all regions of his mind and being .

Some of these struggles have been inspired by base motives — desires to appropriate art to a national or a political cause .
some of these struggles have been inspired by base motives — [wants] to appropriate art to a national or a political cause .

He argues that the language of folk psychology ( talk about ‘ beliefs ’ , ‘ desires ’ and the like ) may float free of the kind of mental states that actually do the computational work : these are defined solely by their syntax and causal role , not by their reference .
he argues that the language of folk psychology ( talk about ‘ beliefs ’ , ‘ [wants] ’ and the like ) may float free of the kind of mental states that actually do the computational work : these are defined solely by their syntax and causal role , not by their reference .

Functionalists , therefore , attempt to explain behaviour in terms of mental concepts such as beliefs , thoughts , desires and memories .
functionalists , therefore , attempt to explain behaviour in terms of mental concepts such as beliefs , thoughts , [wants] and memories .

Pastiche is a dualistic activity , and it is an activity which can lend itself to the expression of paranoid feelings and unacted desires .
pastiche is a dualistic activity , and it is an activity which can lend itself to the expression of paranoid feelings and unacted [wants] .

The latest scientific research has revealed that there is a delicate interplay of hormones that affects our sexual desires .
the latest scientific research has revealed that there is a delicate interplay of hormones that affects our sexual [wants] .

It is the source of all our passions and desires .
it is the source of all our passions and [wants] .

The man who desires possessions is himself possessed ,
the man who [wants] possessions is himself possessed ,

For this to occur , we must first get rid of selfish desires , and replace them with desire for God .
for this to occur , we must first get rid of selfish [wants] , and replace them with desire for god .

The fool puts the blame on the things he desires .
the fool puts the blame on the things he [wants] .

He decides that his desires are simply moonshine .
he decides that his [wants] are simply moonshine .

He discovered that all his desires were related to the need we all have for God himself — not just for a mother 's love or for some other intense childhood need .
he discovered that all his [wants] were related to the need we all have for god himself — not just for a mother 's love or for some other intense childhood need .

Creatures are not born with desires unless satisfaction for these desires exists .
creatures are not born with [wants] unless satisfaction for these [wants] exists .

In modern times , psychologists have said that our unconscious mind , which powers our inbuilt desires , is simply another name for God .
in modern times , psychologists have said that our unconscious mind , which powers our inbuilt [wants] , is simply another name for god .

For Christians , it is a grave mistake to confuse God with our inner desires , even if God placed them there in the first place .
for christians , it is a grave mistake to confuse god with our inner [wants] , even if god placed them there in the first place .

Our desires are of course double-edged .
our [wants] are of course double-edged .

Our deepest desires can only be satisfied when we seek after God and eternity .
our deepest [wants] can only be satisfied when we seek after god and eternity .

Secondly , that our desire for God is distinct from our desires for created things .
secondly , that our desire for god is distinct from our [wants] for created things .

The ‘ right ’ perfume , deodorant , hairdo , suit of clothes , and shoes trivialize our desires and can devalue us as people .
the ‘ right ’ perfume , deodorant , hairdo , suit of clothes , and shoes trivialize our [wants] and can devalue us as people .

Our high desires for spiritual reality are transmuted into the sordid quest for consumerism and materialism .
our high [wants] for spiritual reality are transmuted into the sordid quest for consumerism and materialism .

However , there are other desires which do correspond to truly human values : the desire for friendship ( because as human beings we were made for relationships ) , or the desire to give happiness to others ( because our human nature makes us aware of the needs of others ) .
however , there are other [wants] which do correspond to truly human values : the desire for friendship ( because as human beings we were made for relationships ) , or the desire to give happiness to others ( because our human nature makes us aware of the needs of others ) .

Desires are not free-floating , like particles of dust in the sunlight with no apparent attachment to anything .
[wants] are not free-floating , like particles of dust in the sunlight with no apparent attachment to anything .

Instead , our desires reflect the collection of values that we attach to our humanity .
instead , our [wants] reflect the collection of values that we attach to our humanity .

In other words , desires are authentically related to our very nature as human beings .
in other words , [wants] are authentically related to our very nature as human beings .

But as we have already seen , there is also a negative side to our infinite desires .
but as we have already seen , there is also a negative side to our infinite [wants] .

The heart can be joyful or sorrowful , proud or humble , as well as the home of our desires .
the heart can be joyful or sorrowful , proud or humble , as well as the home of our [wants] .

We live our lives on a human tightrope of infinite desires and yet of physical mortality .
we live our lives on a human tightrope of infinite [wants] and yet of physical mortality .

God 's love is able to sustain human happiness beyond our wildest desires .
god 's love is able to sustain human happiness beyond our wildest [wants] .

My possessions , my talents , my desires , my friends , my knowledge , my accumulated belongings — all of them belong to you .
my possessions , my talents , my [wants] , my friends , my knowledge , my accumulated belongings — all of them belong to you .

In place of an animal existence , which trivializes the needs and desires of our hearts , we see that true happiness has a glory and majesty about it .
in place of an animal existence , which trivializes the needs and [wants] of our hearts , we see that true happiness has a glory and majesty about it .

Indeed , if we consider the unblushing promises of reward and the staggering nature of the rewards promised in the Gospels , it would seem that Our Lord finds our desires , not too strong , but too weak .
indeed , if we consider the unblushing promises of reward and the staggering nature of the rewards promised in the gospels , it would seem that our lord finds our [wants] , not too strong , but too weak .

’ The psalms help us to interpret this , by reminding us that we are given our heart 's desires when we also delight in God :
’ the psalms help us to interpret this , by reminding us that we are given our heart 's [wants] when we also delight in god :

and he will give you the desires of your heart .
and he will give you the [wants] of your heart .

As we contemplate God in the beauty of his holiness , he shapes our hearts and our desires to what gives him delight .
as we contemplate god in the beauty of his holiness , he shapes our hearts and our [wants] to what gives him delight .

It is much easier for us to disobey God when we have developed a calloused conscience , or have paralysed our desires for God .
it is much easier for us to disobey god when we have developed a calloused conscience , or have paralysed our [wants] for god .

Almighty God , unto whom all hearts be open , all desires known , and from whom no secrets are hid .
almighty god , unto whom all hearts be open , all [wants] known , and from whom no secrets are hid .

My father did not reply , but continued to stand there silently , neither demanding disembarkation nor offering any clue as to his desires or intentions .
my father did not reply , but continued to stand there silently , neither demanding disembarkation nor offering any clue as to his [wants] or intentions .

It is a text which explores the pain and grief caused by having one 's desires destroyed by the pressures of social convention and it is this set of emotions which has sustained its reputation in gay subcultures .
it is a text which explores the pain and grief caused by having one 's [wants] destroyed by the pressures of social convention and it is this set of emotions which has sustained its reputation in gay subcultures .

we can not … simply assume that nothing changes , that gays and lesbians have always existed as we exist today … that there is a mystical continuity between our desires and their desires across the range of cultures and histories .
we can not … simply assume that nothing changes , that gays and lesbians have always existed as we exist today … that there is a mystical continuity between our [wants] and their [wants] across the range of cultures and histories .

We are a group of lesbian feminists ( about 30 + years old ) , who meet regularly to talk about issues around sex , eg : desires and politics in connexion with sex .
we are a group of lesbian feminists ( about 30 + years old ) , who meet regularly to talk about issues around sex , eg : [wants] and politics in connexion with sex .

By purporting to de-interpret them by removing the excrescences of later interpretations it made possible a reinterpretation which allowed mythology to be seen again as something that while still existing on the level of the most civilized and polished communication kept speaking of what it had sprung from — men 's basic needs and desires .
by purporting to de-interpret them by removing the excrescences of later interpretations it made possible a reinterpretation which allowed mythology to be seen again as something that while still existing on the level of the most civilized and polished communication kept speaking of what it had sprung from — men 's basic needs and [wants] .

Now the New Year reviving Old Desires ,
now the new year reviving old [wants] ,

The following remark of Dennis Altman 's , even if not strictly correct historically , rightly implies how the negation of desire and the negation of difference are in practice often inseparable : ‘ the original purpose of the categorization of homosexuals as people apart was to project the homosexuality in everyone onto a defined minority as a way of externalizing forbidden desires and reassuring the majority that homosexuality is something that happens to other people ’ ( Homosexualization , 72 ) .
the following remark of dennis altman 's , even if not strictly correct historically , rightly implies how the negation of desire and the negation of difference are in practice often inseparable : ‘ the original purpose of the categorization of homosexuals as people apart was to project the homosexuality in everyone onto a defined minority as a way of externalizing forbidden [wants] and reassuring the majority that homosexuality is something that happens to other people ’ ( homosexualization , 72 ) .

Perhaps this tenet of psychoanalytic thought derives from the fact that , for Freud , ‘ bisexuality is the coincidence of two heterosexual desires within a single psyche … within Freud 's thesis of primary bisexuality , there is no homosexuality , and only opposites attract ’ ( Butler , Gender Trouble , 61 , her emphasis ) .
perhaps this tenet of psychoanalytic thought derives from the fact that , for freud , ‘ bisexuality is the coincidence of two heterosexual [wants] within a single psyche … within freud 's thesis of primary bisexuality , there is no homosexuality , and only opposites attract ’ ( butler , gender trouble , 61 , her emphasis ) .

Freud singles out sadistic desires as a further group incompatible with civilization and requiring renunciation .
freud singles out sadistic [wants] as a further group incompatible with civilization and requiring renunciation .

The cultural dynamics of transgressive reinscription suggest how both positions are correct : identification with , and desire for , may coexist with parodic subversion of , since a culture is not reducible to the specific desires of the individuals comprising it — desires which anyway differ considerably — and even less to the ‘ truth ’ of desire itself .
the cultural dynamics of transgressive reinscription suggest how both positions are correct : identification with , and desire for , may coexist with parodic subversion of , since a culture is not reducible to the specific [wants] of the individuals comprising it — [wants] which anyway differ considerably — and even less to the ‘ truth ’ of desire itself .

This freedom is a luxury which every society should afford its citizens : as many languages as there are desires — a utopian proposition in that no society is yet ready to admit the plurality of desire .
this freedom is a luxury which every society should afford its citizens : as many languages as there are [wants] — a utopian proposition in that no society is yet ready to admit the plurality of desire .

In common with several top players , Lendl is less than enamoured of the delays in promulgating a set of rules for the Tour which meet the desires of the competitors .
in common with several top players , lendl is less than enamoured of the delays in promulgating a set of rules for the tour which meet the [wants] of the competitors .

The Cure are pop 's truest Lost Boys , still — 14 years after their first professional recording — bravely confronting the desires and dilemmas of sensitive adolescence .
the cure are pop 's truest lost boys , still — 14 years after their first professional recording — bravely confronting the [wants] and dilemmas of sensitive adolescence .

But where our desires are and our hopes profound ,
but where our [wants] are and our hopes profound ,

She had always been ruled by her desires .
she had always been ruled by her [wants] .

What Hong Kong needs , and what Mr Major fervently desires , is someone who has no predisposition to ‘ understand ’ if Peking again goes back on its promises .
what hong kong needs , and what mr major fervently [wants] , is someone who has no predisposition to ‘ understand ’ if peking again goes back on its promises .

The pleasure of the text stems at least in part from collective utopias , social wish fulfillment and social aspirations , and these are not simply the sublimated expression of more basic sexual desires . ( Lovell 1983 , p. 61 )
the pleasure of the text stems at least in part from collective utopias , social wish fulfillment and social aspirations , and these are not simply the sublimated expression of more basic sexual [wants] . ( lovell 1983 , p. 61 )

This is welcome not only because women 's desires are being taken more seriously in cultural production or because a less purist feminist film practice and criticism is simply more fun , but perhaps particularly because it is in relation to the audience , and in the context of film reception , that issues of race , class and sexual orientation can at last find their rightful place in feminist theory and criticism .
this is welcome not only because women 's [wants] are being taken more seriously in cultural production or because a less purist feminist film practice and criticism is simply more fun , but perhaps particularly because it is in relation to the audience , and in the context of film reception , that issues of race , class and sexual orientation can at last find their rightful place in feminist theory and criticism .

The wave of acquisitions has been prompted by expansionist desires among the overseas financial groups , which see opportunities to increase market share and provide themselves , in the case of the acquisition of insurance companies , with new marketing and product design arms .
the wave of acquisitions has been prompted by expansionist [wants] among the overseas financial groups , which see opportunities to increase market share and provide themselves , in the case of the acquisition of insurance companies , with new marketing and product design arms .

After all , they were the women who bought and devoured a novel which revealed the unsatisfied desires seething beneath American small-town togetherness — Peyton Place , which earned Grace Metalious $ 56,000 a year in royalties .
after all , they were the women who bought and devoured a novel which revealed the unsatisfied [wants] seething beneath american small-town togetherness — peyton place , which earned grace metalious $ 56,000 a year in royalties .

It 's funny how many stars seem to harbour similar buried desires perhaps it 's all that time they spend waiting on tables before they get their big break .
it 's funny how many stars seem to harbour similar buried [wants] perhaps it 's all that time they spend waiting on tables before they get their big break .

We were like those skeletons still embracing in the dust of their vanished flesh and dead desires .
we were like those skeletons still embracing in the dust of their vanished flesh and dead [wants] .

Less certain of what is audiences really want , the film industry now tends to hedge its bets and make each individual film to serve a variety of different audience desires .
less certain of what is audiences really want , the film industry now tends to hedge its bets and make each individual film to serve a variety of different audience [wants] .

Women now had a position from which to fight off ideas of wild passions and uncontrollable desires ; indeed , in doing so they could claim the higher moral ground for themselves , supported by all sorts of biological arguments concerning their greater gentleness and delicacy .
women now had a position from which to fight off ideas of wild passions and uncontrollable [wants] ; indeed , in doing so they could claim the higher moral ground for themselves , supported by all sorts of biological arguments concerning their greater gentleness and delicacy .

As pointed out by the collector and historian van Mander writing in 1604 , ‘ Whoever so desires nowadays has only to go to Prague to the greatest art patron in the world at the present time ; there he may see at the Imperial residence a remarkable number of outstanding and precious , curious , unusual , and priceless works .
as pointed out by the collector and historian van mander writing in 1604 , ‘ whoever so [wants] nowadays has only to go to prague to the greatest art patron in the world at the present time ; there he may see at the imperial residence a remarkable number of outstanding and precious , curious , unusual , and priceless works .

Any ‘ stable world ’ it presents is further overwhelmed by the progressive revelation that each narrator exists only as an imaginative device of a subsequent one , in a succession of evasions leading towards the unnamable author and the depths of an impulse to articulate , which can neither rest nor ever consummate its desires .
any ‘ stable world ’ it presents is further overwhelmed by the progressive revelation that each narrator exists only as an imaginative device of a subsequent one , in a succession of evasions leading towards the unnamable author and the depths of an impulse to articulate , which can neither rest nor ever consummate its [wants] .

Her desires might be seen as figurative of more general feelings among postmodernist British authors , seeking inspiration and affection less often to be found within their own shores .
her [wants] might be seen as figurative of more general feelings among postmodernist british authors , seeking inspiration and affection less often to be found within their own shores .

In its heart of hearts , it desires a market economy attached to a dog lead .
in its heart of hearts , it [wants] a market economy attached to a dog lead .

But you have to titrate your desires with allowing a child to make his own friendships .
but you have to titrate your [wants] with allowing a child to make his own friendships .

But this it can not be said , can only be shown forth as in the suicide letter where Stavrogin writes ‘ My desires are too weak ; they can not guide me .
but this it can not be said , can only be shown forth as in the suicide letter where stavrogin writes ‘ my [wants] are too weak ; they can not guide me .

It does , however , have a missionary vision of what it means to be truly human , derived partly from rational reflection on human capacities and desires , but supremely from its conviction that we glimpse true humanity in the life , death and teaching of Jesus .
it does , however , have a missionary vision of what it means to be truly human , derived partly from rational reflection on human capacities and [wants] , but supremely from its conviction that we glimpse true humanity in the life , death and teaching of jesus .

They are undoubtedly right that it has now become clear that the Government will not pay for the expansion it desires at a level which will protect high quality .
they are undoubtedly right that it has now become clear that the government will not pay for the expansion it [wants] at a level which will protect high quality .

… the extent to which Leapor 's writing represents female eroticism as transgressive , situates it in relation to sapphic textuality , and exposes the necessary construction of such alternative desires within as well as against the very terms of heterosexual propriety from which they are generated
… the extent to which leapor 's writing represents female eroticism as transgressive , situates it in relation to sapphic textuality , and exposes the necessary construction of such alternative [wants] within as well as against the very terms of heterosexual propriety from which they are generated

Thro' check 'd Desires , Threatnings , and Restraint ,
thro' check 'd [wants] , threatnings , and restraint ,

In this , as in other matters , the private desires of the woman had always to yield to the duties imposed on the sovereign .
in this , as in other matters , the private [wants] of the woman had always to yield to the duties imposed on the sovereign .

In 1856 he needed Britain too much to thwart her desires over the Black Sea Clauses of the Treaty and so he accepted them , hoping that it would still be possible eventually to bring about an entente with Russia .
in 1856 he needed britain too much to thwart her [wants] over the black sea clauses of the treaty and so he accepted them , hoping that it would still be possible eventually to bring about an entente with russia .

Prompted by the fear of another Cuba in the region and desires for economic growth , Latin American political elites came to an agreement with the United States over aid for reforms .
prompted by the fear of another cuba in the region and [wants] for economic growth , latin american political elites came to an agreement with the united states over aid for reforms .

Or her , ’ she would add scrupulously , being among other things a feminist ) , but in practice this does n't seem to affect her behaviour very noticeably — she seems to have ordinary human feelings , ambitions , desires , to suffer anxieties , frustrations , fears , like anyone else in this imperfect world , and to have a natural inclination to try and make it a better place .
or her , ’ she would add scrupulously , being among other things a feminist ) , but in practice this does n't seem to affect her behaviour very noticeably — she seems to have ordinary human feelings , ambitions , [wants] , to suffer anxieties , frustrations , fears , like anyone else in this imperfect world , and to have a natural inclination to try and make it a better place .

The parties do not share a conception of the good by reference to which the fruition of their powers or even the satisfaction of their desires can be evaluated .
the parties do not share a conception of the good by reference to which the fruition of their powers or even the satisfaction of their [wants] can be evaluated .

[ The video was Strange Desires , a study of the life and times of Pottz , shot by Jeff Hornbaker for Gotcha , his sponsors . ]
[ the video was strange [wants] , a study of the life and times of pottz , shot by jeff hornbaker for gotcha , his sponsors . ]

If the doctor desires to treat the patient , he is often in a strong position to persuade such a relative to concur .
if the doctor [wants] to treat the patient , he is often in a strong position to persuade such a relative to concur .

Everyone can relate to the problems of accommodating all their desires in the same place .
everyone can relate to the problems of accommodating all their [wants] in the same place .

Lord Justice Salmon tried to elucidate the sort of tendencies that might be caught , such as ‘ ( 1 ) to induce erotic desires of a heterosexual kind , or ( 2 ) to promote homosexuality or other sexual perversions , or ( 3 ) drug-taking , or ( 4 ) brutal violence ’ .
lord justice salmon tried to elucidate the sort of tendencies that might be caught , such as ‘ ( 1 ) to induce erotic [wants] of a heterosexual kind , or ( 2 ) to promote homosexuality or other sexual perversions , or ( 3 ) drug-taking , or ( 4 ) brutal violence ’ .

It trivialises sexual relationships by treating them in mechanistic fashion , its purpose being ‘ the stimulation of sexual desires in the reader or viewer ’ .
it trivialises sexual relationships by treating them in mechanistic fashion , its purpose being ‘ the stimulation of sexual [wants] in the reader or viewer ’ .

In managing very strong desires and impulses the child has his relationship with his parents as a resource .
in managing very strong [wants] and impulses the child has his relationship with his parents as a resource .

The more significant areas , such as goals and values , naturally have the highest priority , but fears , desires , sport and hobbies are just as rich in their potential to develop a relationship .
the more significant areas , such as goals and values , naturally have the highest priority , but fears , [wants] , sport and hobbies are just as rich in their potential to develop a relationship .

Even a kiss can be like the sharp end of a wedge which has the power to pierce our body chemistry , split open our emotional equilibrium and lead desires towards the bedroom far too prematurely .
even a kiss can be like the sharp end of a wedge which has the power to pierce our body chemistry , split open our emotional equilibrium and lead [wants] towards the bedroom far too prematurely .

They simply tell us that someone has some very specific desires , aches and pains .
they simply tell us that someone has some very specific [wants] , aches and pains .

Once you have come to an agreement on an expectation , form it into an objective statement , eg , ‘ We will establish no precedent which caters mainly to the desires of one at the expense of the other ’ .
once you have come to an agreement on an expectation , form it into an objective statement , eg , ‘ we will establish no precedent which caters mainly to the [wants] of one at the expense of the other ’ .

One can be emotionally dependent on a parent , calling home daily , looking to them for decisions or allowing parents ’ wishes and desires to come before one 's partner .
one can be emotionally dependent on a parent , calling home daily , looking to them for decisions or allowing parents ’ wishes and [wants] to come before one 's partner .

As couples live together over a period of years they will find more and more areas where decisions can be made without consultation because they will understand a lot of each other 's interests and desires .
as couples live together over a period of years they will find more and more areas where decisions can be made without consultation because they will understand a lot of each other 's interests and [wants] .

Is having these desires satisfied a ‘ marriage right ’ ?
is having these [wants] satisfied a ‘ marriage right ’ ?

Should couples discuss their desires and if so why ?
should couples discuss their [wants] and if so why ?

like those desires
like those [wants]

Do they still harbour desires to reprise their old roles ?
do they still harbour [wants] to reprise their old roles ?

Such people give more than they take ; they tend to hide their emotions and repress their desires just to please others .
such people give more than they take ; they tend to hide their emotions and repress their [wants] just to please others .

In this situation a distinction is almost always made between significant needs and by implication unimportant wants or desires .
in this situation a distinction is almost always made between significant needs and by implication unimportant wants or [wants] .

And he will find all sorts of possible explanations for the choice of godparents who are friends of the non-Christian couple , equally non-religious and yet quite happy to vow that they will , in the name of the child , renounce the devil and all his works , the vain pomp and glory of the world , with all covetous desires of the same , and the carnal desires of the flesh , so that they will not follow , nor be led by them .
and he will find all sorts of possible explanations for the choice of godparents who are friends of the non-christian couple , equally non-religious and yet quite happy to vow that they will , in the name of the child , renounce the devil and all his works , the vain pomp and glory of the world , with all covetous [wants] of the same , and the carnal [wants] of the flesh , so that they will not follow , nor be led by them .

Right meditation : the true meaning of meditation is a training of the mind to its limits until we have reached a point where we are fully aware of our true nature and free from our desires , fears and intolerance .
right meditation : the true meaning of meditation is a training of the mind to its limits until we have reached a point where we are fully aware of our true nature and free from our [wants] , fears and intolerance .

For a moment draw yourself back from your desires .
for a moment draw yourself back from your [wants] .

Thus you play into the hands of that force which desires your downfall and wishes to hinder your inner progress , leaving you to shut the gate on the prison you have built for yourself , afraid to step out and to try anew to overcome your weaknesses .
thus you play into the hands of that force which [wants] your downfall and wishes to hinder your inner progress , leaving you to shut the gate on the prison you have built for yourself , afraid to step out and to try anew to overcome your weaknesses .

Firstly , if you misuse your free will and seek to gain power over another human being or you act falsely for your own gain and let your own desires blind you .
firstly , if you misuse your free will and seek to gain power over another human being or you act falsely for your own gain and let your own [wants] blind you .

This is when free will has again been used for egotistical desires , your need for power , riches , or a soft ride .
this is when free will has again been used for egotistical [wants] , your need for power , riches , or a soft ride .

We are guided not by fears and desires , but by an inner knowledge that is ours by right of battle .
we are guided not by fears and [wants] , but by an inner knowledge that is ours by right of battle .

This occurs when the deep desires , frustrations and fantasies of the hidden self effervesce to the surface .
this occurs when the deep [wants] , frustrations and fantasies of the hidden self effervesce to the surface .

Terry was a great club man — he simply had no desires to play for anyone else — and no-one at Selhurst Park wanted him to do so .
terry was a great club man — he simply had no [wants] to play for anyone else — and no-one at selhurst park wanted him to do so .

Above all , increasing attempts are being made to provide the lay visitor , if he or she so desires , with a genuinely worthwhile educational experience .
above all , increasing attempts are being made to provide the lay visitor , if he or she so [wants] , with a genuinely worthwhile educational experience .

It was probably at some time during that same period when the dawning need to rely on a ‘ god ‘ first disturbed the developing human being , that he started to enjoy pleasures which were not the result of simply satisfying the desires associated with his physical evolution .
it was probably at some time during that same period when the dawning need to rely on a ‘ god ‘ first disturbed the developing human being , that he started to enjoy pleasures which were not the result of simply satisfying the [wants] associated with his physical evolution .

If this is the decision , then such a way of life can be specified as Godly and incorporated into the Created God for as long as a consensus desires it .
if this is the decision , then such a way of life can be specified as godly and incorporated into the created god for as long as a consensus [wants] it .

The only conclusion that is possible is , that until satisfactions other than those provided through the physical desires became necessary to enrich life , all that went before and contributed to the human body was ‘ good ’ , and any new philosophy or religion which emerges must be adapted to this .
the only conclusion that is possible is , that until satisfactions other than those provided through the physical [wants] became necessary to enrich life , all that went before and contributed to the human body was ‘ good ’ , and any new philosophy or religion which emerges must be adapted to this .

The expedient of the withholding of manifestations of love from the very young child amounts to the instilling of the first tiny measure of fear , and fear , used in conjunction with reward provides the fundamental tools which the adult population must have if it is to maintain steady progress towards the civilisation it desires .
the expedient of the withholding of manifestations of love from the very young child amounts to the instilling of the first tiny measure of fear , and fear , used in conjunction with reward provides the fundamental tools which the adult population must have if it is to maintain steady progress towards the civilisation it [wants] .

The id is the centre of primitive desires and is at its most powerful , indeed it is extremely powerful , in the first months of life .
the id is the centre of primitive [wants] and is at its most powerful , indeed it is extremely powerful , in the first months of life .

There is often conflict between the unrefined , basic desires of the id , the more reasoned operation of the ego , and the idealism of the super-ego .
there is often conflict between the unrefined , basic [wants] of the id , the more reasoned operation of the ego , and the idealism of the super-ego .

It is from the mind energy patterns , the personal associations , actions , desires and so on , which all lie in the mind , that the next life of a soul is determined .
it is from the mind energy patterns , the personal associations , actions , [wants] and so on , which all lie in the mind , that the next life of a soul is determined .

We get a new body , mind structure and destiny which exactly matches our mental impressions , desires and tendencies .
we get a new body , mind structure and destiny which exactly matches our mental impressions , [wants] and tendencies .

Gossip , plans , hopes , fears , problems , desires , and so on .
gossip , plans , hopes , fears , problems , [wants] , and so on .

Or maybe , the soul that has striven to rise above human weakness is given a brief , or longer , sojourn in some higher , astral sphere — until the effects of such aspirations are outweighed by the desires of the mind for more life experience in this denser , physical world .
or maybe , the soul that has striven to rise above human weakness is given a brief , or longer , sojourn in some higher , astral sphere — until the effects of such aspirations are outweighed by the [wants] of the mind for more life experience in this denser , physical world .

Every soul takes birth in a form appropriate to its mental qualities — its desires , impressions and entanglements from previous lives .
every soul takes birth in a form appropriate to its mental qualities — its [wants] , impressions and entanglements from previous lives .

She knew that men were total shits , that there were no limits to their depravity , selfishness or filthy desires .
she knew that men were total shits , that there were no limits to their depravity , selfishness or filthy [wants] .

But all of them are individuals — with hopes , needs , desires , feelings of pain or pleasure just as the rest of us have .
but all of them are individuals — with hopes , needs , [wants] , feelings of pain or pleasure just as the rest of us have .

Feelings and desires
feelings and [wants]

‘ We 've had some quite interesting encounters between men and women who are a bit confused but have n't lost their desires .
‘ we 've had some quite interesting encounters between men and women who are a bit confused but have n't lost their [wants] .

Accordingly , he suggested separate facilities at each exchange for dealing with juveniles ; notices with information about the exchanges were to be displayed in schools ; lists of prospective school-leavers to be sent to the local exchange with details of their ‘ ability , tastes and desires ’ ; and each school-leaver to be told to call at the exchange for an interview .
accordingly , he suggested separate facilities at each exchange for dealing with juveniles ; notices with information about the exchanges were to be displayed in schools ; lists of prospective school-leavers to be sent to the local exchange with details of their ‘ ability , tastes and [wants] ’ ; and each school-leaver to be told to call at the exchange for an interview .

that the wheat farmer desires meat for consumption and the cattle herder needs wheat to make bread .
that the wheat farmer [wants] meat for consumption and the cattle herder needs wheat to make bread .

‘ She would never lack anythin' she desires , ’ Malachi went on . ‘ Money , clothes … ’
‘ she would never lack anythin' she [wants] , ’ malachi went on . ‘ money , clothes … ’

By self-discipline we mean the judicious guidance of our desires and impulses through the elaborate filter of convention so as to obtain the maximum amount of self-satisfaction and social approval .
by self-discipline we mean the judicious guidance of our [wants] and impulses through the elaborate filter of convention so as to obtain the maximum amount of self-satisfaction and social approval .

Some parents attribute incorrect or erroneous motives , desires or ideas to their children .
some parents attribute incorrect or erroneous motives , [wants] or ideas to their children .

Children and , later , teenagers have to learn to put a brake on their impulses , to tame their desires .
children and , later , teenagers have to learn to put a brake on their impulses , to tame their [wants] .

An extremely ‘ permissive ’ parent , on the other hand , attempts to behave in a non-punitive , accepting and affirmative manner towards children 's impulses , desires and actions ; always to consult with them about policy decisions and give explanations for family rules ; to make few demands for household responsibility and orderly behaviour ; to present himself/herself to them as someone to call upon for help and company as they wish , rather than as an active ‘ disciplinary agent ’ responsible for shaping or altering behaviour .
an extremely ‘ permissive ’ parent , on the other hand , attempts to behave in a non-punitive , accepting and affirmative manner towards children 's impulses , [wants] and actions ; always to consult with them about policy decisions and give explanations for family rules ; to make few demands for household responsibility and orderly behaviour ; to present himself/herself to them as someone to call upon for help and company as they wish , rather than as an active ‘ disciplinary agent ’ responsible for shaping or altering behaviour .

She does not base her decisions solely on the consensus of the group or the individual child 's desires , but also does not regard herself as infallible or divinely inspired .
she does not base her decisions solely on the consensus of the group or the individual child 's [wants] , but also does not regard herself as infallible or divinely inspired .

Perhaps one should ask oneself : what does that moment of weakness — understandable as it might be — that failure to keep my word , have on my child ? If ( say ) the mother is inconsistent , she is , in a sense , only half trying to get her child to behave in the way she desires .
perhaps one should ask oneself : what does that moment of weakness — understandable as it might be — that failure to keep my word , have on my child ? if ( say ) the mother is inconsistent , she is , in a sense , only half trying to get her child to behave in the way she [wants] .

30% Problems of social relationship ( e.g. being denied attention , incomprehension of child 's desires , etc . )
30% problems of social relationship ( e.g. being denied attention , incomprehension of child 's [wants] , etc . )

One of the factors contributing to the disciplinary problems of young people is their inability to cope with conflicts involving authority figures — those interpersonal occasions in which the youth and an authority figure ( such as a parent or teacher ) have opposing desires .
one of the factors contributing to the disciplinary problems of young people is their inability to cope with conflicts involving authority figures — those interpersonal occasions in which the youth and an authority figure ( such as a parent or teacher ) have opposing [wants] .

Nothing suits ; capricious desires , wants this , no , that !
nothing suits ; capricious [wants] , wants this , no , that !

Very weepy and clingy ; erratic temperature and changeable symptoms ; thirstless ; often accompanied by some sort of digestive upset — nausea or diarrhoea after the fever has passed ; chilly but dislikes the heat ; thick , yellow , bland discharges ; earache ; lingering eye complaints ; dry cough at night and loose by day ; desires cool open air .
very weepy and clingy ; erratic temperature and changeable symptoms ; thirstless ; often accompanied by some sort of digestive upset — nausea or diarrhoea after the fever has passed ; chilly but dislikes the heat ; thick , yellow , bland discharges ; earache ; lingering eye complaints ; dry cough at night and loose by day ; [wants] cool open air .

When the rash fails to appear ; child is very cold yet wants to kick off the covers ; desires fresh air ; rather pinched face ; may have profuse diarrhoea .
when the rash fails to appear ; child is very cold yet wants to kick off the covers ; [wants] fresh air ; rather pinched face ; may have profuse diarrhoea .

From right to left side ; desires warm drinks which ameliorate ( > ) ; no offensive mouth and salivation of Mercurius .
from right to left side ; [wants] warm drinks which ameliorate ( > ) ; no offensive mouth and salivation of mercurius .

Desires a constant change of people , surroundings or things .
[wants] a constant change of people , surroundings or things .

Desires company and comforting which ameliorates
[wants] company and comforting which ameliorates

Temperamental traits most often studied include attention span , fear of novel experiences , irritability when desires are frustrated , and quality of mood ( positive versus negative ) .65 Parents can rate their children ’ s temperamental qualities fairly accurately ; their judgments show a reasonable correspondence with researchers ’ observations of children ’ s behavior.66 Teacher ratings are even more precise , since teachers are familiar with many children and therefore have a broader basis for judging whether a particular child is high , low , or intermediate on dimensions of temperament .
temperamental traits most often studied include attention span , fear of novel experiences , irritability when [wants] are frustrated , and quality of mood ( positive versus negative ) .65 parents can rate their children ’ s temperamental qualities fairly accurately ; their judgments show a reasonable correspondence with researchers ’ observations of children ’ s behavior.66 teacher ratings are even more precise , since teachers are familiar with many children and therefore have a broader basis for judging whether a particular child is high , low , or intermediate on dimensions of temperament .

They are less likely to cry and more likely to use gestures and words to express their desires than are infants whose parents delayed or failed to respond to their calls for help .
they are less likely to cry and more likely to use gestures and words to express their [wants] than are infants whose parents delayed or failed to respond to their calls for help .

Attachment serves as the springboard for a great many capacities that make their ﬁrst appearance in the second year—self-conﬁdence , compliance and cooperation ; awareness of others ’ needs and desires , and empathy and sympathy ( emotions that enable us to feel for and help others in need ) .9 The parent who fails to respond promptly and predictably , intervening only after the baby has become extremely agitated , teaches the infant to rise rapidly to intense distress .
attachment serves as the springboard for a great many capacities that make their ﬁrst appearance in the second year—self-conﬁdence , compliance and cooperation ; awareness of others ’ needs and [wants] , and empathy and sympathy ( emotions that enable us to feel for and help others in need ) .9 the parent who fails to respond promptly and predictably , intervening only after the baby has become extremely agitated , teaches the infant to rise rapidly to intense distress .

Older children more often embellish their descriptions with modiﬁers , such as “ My mask was ugly ” or “ The kite ﬂew high. ” At times , they even add drama by intensifying these expressions , as in “ The kite ﬂew very , very high ” and “ Grandma ate a huge bowl of oatmeal for breakfast ! ” Like the autobiographical and everyday narratives that adults generate , children ’ s narratives increasingly focus on people ’ s internal states—their desires , feelings , and beliefs : “ She wanted it so much ” or “ I felt bad. “ 68 Furthermore , the richness of 6-year-olds ’ evaluative remarks can be predicted from their mother ’ s evaluative statements in an adult–child conversation 3 years earlier69—a ﬁnding that underscores , once again , parents ’ vital role in creating a “ zone ” for narrative development .
older children more often embellish their descriptions with modiﬁers , such as “ my mask was ugly ” or “ the kite ﬂew high. ” at times , they even add drama by intensifying these expressions , as in “ the kite ﬂew very , very high ” and “ grandma ate a huge bowl of oatmeal for breakfast ! ” like the autobiographical and everyday narratives that adults generate , children ’ s narratives increasingly focus on people ’ s internal states—their [wants] , feelings , and beliefs : “ she wanted it so much ” or “ i felt bad. “ 68 furthermore , the richness of 6-year-olds ’ evaluative remarks can be predicted from their mother ’ s evaluative statements in an adult–child conversation 3 years earlier69—a ﬁnding that underscores , once again , parents ’ vital role in creating a “ zone ” for narrative development .

In narrative , we express the “ folk psychology ” of our culture—our deeply ingrained assumptions about human desires , emotions , and beliefs , and our judgments of certain ones as more acceptable than others .
in narrative , we express the “ folk psychology ” of our culture—our deeply ingrained assumptions about human [wants] , emotions , and beliefs , and our judgments of certain ones as more acceptable than others .

Because people ’ s desires , feelings , and beliefs often dier , conversations are full of social negotiations—attempts to reconcile dierent versions of reality .
because people ’ s [wants] , feelings , and beliefs often dier , conversations are full of social negotiations—attempts to reconcile dierent versions of reality .

Older preschoolers realize that people ’ s beliefs , not just their desires , aect their behavior .
older preschoolers realize that people ’ s beliefs , not just their [wants] , aect their behavior .

Children who are good at detecting others ’ points of view are better at thinking of eective ways to handle dicult social situations.84 Rather than just asserting their own desires , they try friendly persuasion .
children who are good at detecting others ’ points of view are better at thinking of eective ways to handle dicult social situations.84 rather than just asserting their own [wants] , they try friendly persuasion .

The parent always in a hurry—who says , when the child desires involvement , “ There isn ’ t time , ” or who fails to insist that the child join in household tasks in keeping with his or her capacity—severely limits the child ’ s learning .
the parent always in a hurry—who says , when the child [wants] involvement , “ there isn ’ t time , ” or who fails to insist that the child join in household tasks in keeping with his or her capacity—severely limits the child ’ s learning .

Fantasy play makes its appearance in the second year of life , a time when children must start to suppress impulses and accept that certain desires will remain unsatisﬁed .
fantasy play makes its appearance in the second year of life , a time when children must start to suppress impulses and accept that certain [wants] will remain unsatisﬁed .

During the very period in which children must learn to subordinate their desires to social life , imaginative play ﬂourishes .
during the very period in which children must learn to subordinate their [wants] to social life , imaginative play ﬂourishes .

In sum , subordinating immediate desires to the rules of make-believe scenes becomes a new form of desire15—one that responds to the child ’ s need to become an accepted member of his or her culture .
in sum , subordinating immediate [wants] to the rules of make-believe scenes becomes a new form of desire15—one that responds to the child ’ s need to become an accepted member of his or her culture .

In sociodramatic play as well , opportunities to act out and coordinate various roles probably help children grasp similarities and differences between people in desires , beliefs , and feelings .
in sociodramatic play as well , opportunities to act out and coordinate various roles probably help children grasp similarities and differences between people in [wants] , beliefs , and feelings .

Adults need to modify these strategies to suit children ’ s play maturity , providing assistance tailored to the child ’ s “ zone. ” Sticking with directive interventions does not prompt children to come up with effective solutions to conﬂict as it arises—strategies that work because they take into account both the child ’ s and the playmate ’ s desires .
adults need to modify these strategies to suit children ’ s play maturity , providing assistance tailored to the child ’ s “ zone. ” sticking with directive interventions does not prompt children to come up with effective solutions to conﬂict as it arises—strategies that work because they take into account both the child ’ s and the playmate ’ s [wants] .

Such a policy rarely maximizes profits ; the manufacturer stocks out , thereby losing the margin on the sale , and the retailer , which typically desires a consistent ( or at least predictable ) order-fill rate across items in a product group , is unhappy .
such a policy rarely maximizes profits ; the manufacturer stocks out , thereby losing the margin on the sale , and the retailer , which typically [wants] a consistent ( or at least predictable ) order-fill rate across items in a product group , is unhappy .

One corrido , “ Mi Micaela , ” hides the word mica in a woman ’ s name Micaela , but the first line gives it away : “ Tú eres mi Mica , Mica , mi Micaela , Tú representas todo lo que mi alma anhela ” ( You are my Mica , Mica , my Micaela , You represent all that my soul desires ) .
one corrido , “ mi micaela , ” hides the word mica in a woman ’ s name micaela , but the first line gives it away : “ tú eres mi mica , mica , mi micaela , tú representas todo lo que mi alma anhela ” ( you are my mica , mica , my micaela , you represent all that my soul [wants] ) .

Nothing strikes me as intellectually and morally more impoverished than the current trend in constitutional scholarship to believe that the wishes , desires , and intentions of the founders should determine the content of our Constitution .
nothing strikes me as intellectually and morally more impoverished than the current trend in constitutional scholarship to believe that the wishes , [wants] , and intentions of the founders should determine the content of our constitution .

We need an argument about whose wishes , desires , and intentions really matter .
we need an argument about whose wishes , [wants] , and intentions really matter .

A single intent can not unify the inevitable cacophony of desires that stand behind every piece of legislation .
a single intent can not unify the inevitable cacophony of [wants] that stand behind every piece of legislation .

This , I regret to say , is the best reconstruction I can offer for a view that never seems to get articulated ; namely , why we should pay so much attention to the wishes and desires of the agents who bequeathed to us the words we live by .
this , i regret to say , is the best reconstruction i can offer for a view that never seems to get articulated ; namely , why we should pay so much attention to the wishes and [wants] of the agents who bequeathed to us the words we live by .

Their intentions and desires can not rule—either from the grave or from heaven .
their intentions and [wants] can not rule—either from the grave or from heaven .

I , in turn , happen to have desires such that I would be happier with rather more pears than apples .
i , in turn , happen to have [wants] such that i would be happier with rather more pears than apples .

Papandréou espoused the desires of a post-war generation to maintain peace and stability , and to secure a better future for their children .
papandréou espoused the [wants] of a post-war generation to maintain peace and stability , and to secure a better future for their children .

His “ Four Noble Truths ” are : all life is suffering ; suffering is caused by desires ; desires can be suppressed ; and the way to become free of desires is to follow eight “ right ” principles — the Eightfold Path .
his “ four noble truths ” are : all life is suffering ; suffering is caused by [wants] ; [wants] can be suppressed ; and the way to become free of [wants] is to follow eight “ right ” principles — the eightfold path .

An air of nostalgia has long presided over this sleepy hollow , but a massive renovation program , still being completed in late 2000 , signals the local desires for widening its tourist appeal .
an air of nostalgia has long presided over this sleepy hollow , but a massive renovation program , still being completed in late 2000 , signals the local [wants] for widening its tourist appeal .

The ability to independently voice security concerns to senior executives was viewed as important because such concerns could often be at odds with business managers ' and system developers ' desires to implement new computer applications quickly and avoid controls that would impede efficiency , user friendliness , and convenience .
the ability to independently voice security concerns to senior executives was viewed as important because such concerns could often be at odds with business managers ' and system developers ' [wants] to implement new computer applications quickly and avoid controls that would impede efficiency , user friendliness , and convenience .

In addition , the product developer must complete a preliminary product design using systems engineering to balance customer desires with available resources .
in addition , the product developer must complete a preliminary product design using systems engineering to balance customer [wants] with available resources .

The ability to independently voice security concerns to senior executives was viewed as important because such concerns could often be at odds with business managers ' and system developers ' desires to implement new computer applications quickly and avoid controls that would impede efficiency , user friendliness , and convenience .
the ability to independently voice security concerns to senior executives was viewed as important because such concerns could often be at odds with business managers ' and system developers ' [wants] to implement new computer applications quickly and avoid controls that would impede efficiency , user friendliness , and convenience .

If the United States did not comply , it would be at war with the Islamic nation , a nation that al Qaeda 's leaders said `` desires death more than you desire life . ''
if the united states did not comply , it would be at war with the islamic nation , a nation that al qaeda 's leaders said `` [wants] death more than you desire life . ''

My worry is that we will ignore important human needs at the expense of frivolous human desires ; that dominant social norms will crowd out those of the minority ; that the self-improvement agenda will be set not by individuals , but by powerful corporate interests ; and that in the pursuit of betterment , we will actually make ourselves worse off .
my worry is that we will ignore important human needs at the expense of frivolous human [wants] ; that dominant social norms will crowd out those of the minority ; that the self-improvement agenda will be set not by individuals , but by powerful corporate interests ; and that in the pursuit of betterment , we will actually make ourselves worse off .

Gender and HIV In much of sub-Saharan Africa , women are a subordinate group who are expected to become pregnant , bear children , and fulfill the sexual desires of their husbands without hesitation [ 20 ] .
gender and hiv in much of sub-saharan africa , women are a subordinate group who are expected to become pregnant , bear children , and fulfill the sexual [wants] of their husbands without hesitation [ 20 ] .

We can fight for a global order that 's fits for this earth , based on the desires we share with all people everywhere .
we can fight for a global order that 's fits for this earth , based on the [wants] we share with all people everywhere .

We will read from marxian and freudian commentators on queer desires and queer cultures , including contemporaries like Foucault , Butler , Bersani , Wittig , Beck We examine the documentation of queer legality and criminality in such works as Times Square Red , Times Square Blue , Queer Diasporas , The Social Construction of a Gay Drug , Resentment , The Crystal Diary , and Macho Sluts .
we will read from marxian and freudian commentators on queer [wants] and queer cultures , including contemporaries like foucault , butler , bersani , wittig , beck we examine the documentation of queer legality and criminality in such works as times square red , times square blue , queer diasporas , the social construction of a gay drug , resentment , the crystal diary , and macho sluts .

It 's alert to its characters ' constantly evolving desires in ways that high- and low-culture movies , with their strict aesthetics or their mass-market formulas , tend not to be .
it 's alert to its characters ' constantly evolving [wants] in ways that high- and low-culture movies , with their strict aesthetics or their mass-market formulas , tend not to be .

Taken together the two Times summarize the to-the-moment budget state of play : IN : the $ 1.1 billion education initiative , originally proposed by President Clinton as exclusively for hiring new teachers , but as per GOP desires , local school districts will now retain the flexibility to use the new money not just for hiring , but also for recruitment , testing , and training of teachers ; a $ 6 billion disaster assistance measure for farmers ; grants to help the needy pay heating bills ; $ 950 million towards a national anti-missile defense system ; and $ 18 billion for the IMF .
taken together the two times summarize the to-the-moment budget state of play : in : the $ 1.1 billion education initiative , originally proposed by president clinton as exclusively for hiring new teachers , but as per gop [wants] , local school districts will now retain the flexibility to use the new money not just for hiring , but also for recruitment , testing , and training of teachers ; a $ 6 billion disaster assistance measure for farmers ; grants to help the needy pay heating bills ; $ 950 million towards a national anti-missile defense system ; and $ 18 billion for the imf .

The story quotes one fellow parishioner 's request that members pray for Starr : `` I have a friend who is going through hell right now ... I believe he is in trouble with the world because he desires to represent Christ well in the task to which he has been called . ''
the story quotes one fellow parishioner 's request that members pray for starr : `` i have a friend who is going through hell right now ... i believe he is in trouble with the world because he [wants] to represent christ well in the task to which he has been called . ''

The real reason Pauline Kael was revolutionary was that she wrote for actual moviegoers like herself , and evoked their needs and desires .
the real reason pauline kael was revolutionary was that she wrote for actual moviegoers like herself , and evoked their needs and [wants] .

It 's hard to dispute the virtuosity of a painting such as The Birth of Liquid Desires , painted when he was 28 , in 1932 .
it 's hard to dispute the virtuosity of a painting such as the birth of liquid [wants] , painted when he was 28 , in 1932 .

Billy Crudup ( as Harrelson 's best friend and business partner ) is stiff , and Patricia Arquette , playing the object of both their desires , fails to generate the heat her temptress-extraordinaire part requires .
billy crudup ( as harrelson 's best friend and business partner ) is stiff , and patricia arquette , playing the object of both their [wants] , fails to generate the heat her temptress-extraordinaire part requires .

The more absolute the power of the local tyrant , the more rapidly and completely his policy desires are implemented .
the more absolute the power of the local tyrant , the more rapidly and completely his policy [wants] are implemented .

In an age of open and ( ostensibly ) frugal public administration , the Secret Service is an anomaly , an agency that operates with nearly as much secrecy as the CIA and spends almost as freely as its heart desires .
in an age of open and ( ostensibly ) frugal public administration , the secret service is an anomaly , an agency that operates with nearly as much secrecy as the cia and spends almost as freely as its heart [wants] .

Congress stiffs other federal programs , but all the Secret Service 's desires are fulfilled : $ 6 million for four armor-plated limousines , $ 3 million for Y2K conversion , millions to pay for extra travel expenses , $ 62 million to beef up White House security , including new bulletproof windows , air defenses , and 27 extra security staffers .
congress stiffs other federal programs , but all the secret service 's [wants] are fulfilled : $ 6 million for four armor-plated limousines , $ 3 million for y2k conversion , millions to pay for extra travel expenses , $ 62 million to beef up white house security , including new bulletproof windows , air defenses , and 27 extra security staffers .

It is a hunger for glory and all that comes with it -- a willingness to sacrifice one 's personal desires to the common good ; a sense of honor , dignity , and fair play -- that allows politics to rise above a mere squabbling among interests .
it is a hunger for glory and all that comes with it -- a willingness to sacrifice one 's personal [wants] to the common good ; a sense of honor , dignity , and fair play -- that allows politics to rise above a mere squabbling among interests .

In Three Kings , those debacles spring from the blind desires of nations -- from the collective unconscious .
in three kings , those debacles spring from the blind [wants] of nations -- from the collective unconscious .

She wondered again whether he cared for her as a person , or just as a sex object to service his sickest desires .
she wondered again whether he cared for her as a person , or just as a sex object to service his sickest [wants] .

This month 's tabs are filled with news of an elemental nature , examining the desires of celebrities to marry , divorce , procreate , and swoop , godlike , into the lives of others , changing them forever .
this month 's tabs are filled with news of an elemental nature , examining the [wants] of celebrities to marry , divorce , procreate , and swoop , godlike , into the lives of others , changing them forever .

According to the Star , other desires may be at work here .
according to the star , other [wants] may be at work here .

Anything Your Little Heart Desires : An American Family Story , by Patricia Bosworth ( Simon & Schuster ) .
anything your little heart [wants] : an american family story , by patricia bosworth ( simon & schuster ) .

So Updike , in his fervor , goes on a search for God ( to thus label the object of his desires ) directly , by means of an intimate , unblinking examination of the world in front of his own nose .
so updike , in his fervor , goes on a search for god ( to thus label the object of his [wants] ) directly , by means of an intimate , unblinking examination of the world in front of his own nose .

Finally , Kinsey 's insistence that there was no such thing as a homosexual -- a subspecies of humankind -- but only an infinite shading of variation , a continuum of practices , seems to have had more to do with his training as an entomologist than with the nature of his own desires .
finally , kinsey 's insistence that there was no such thing as a homosexual -- a subspecies of humankind -- but only an infinite shading of variation , a continuum of practices , seems to have had more to do with his training as an entomologist than with the nature of his own [wants] .

As humans discovered things about their world and each other and shared these discoveries , and as they instituted conventions and rules to coordinate their desires , the phenomenon called `` culture '' arose .
as humans discovered things about their world and each other and shared these discoveries , and as they instituted conventions and rules to coordinate their [wants] , the phenomenon called `` culture '' arose .

Mark Shields ( NewsHour ) was the first of many weekend warriors to repeat the stock formula about how the voters had made this deal with Clinton in 1992 : He would curb his sexual desires while in the White House .
mark shields ( newshour ) was the first of many weekend warriors to repeat the stock formula about how the voters had made this deal with clinton in 1992 : he would curb his sexual [wants] while in the white house .

Yes , yes , I know , because of insurance and third parties , there is no true market for healthcare , but we should try to approximate one as best we can , so that people 's real desires ( and not some political hack 's view of them ) determine the structure of healthcare .
yes , yes , i know , because of insurance and third parties , there is no true market for healthcare , but we should try to approximate one as best we can , so that people 's real [wants] ( and not some political hack 's view of them ) determine the structure of healthcare .

Where marriage does n't fit people 's needs or desires , then there 's no reason for people to feel constrained to be a part of it .
where marriage does n't fit people 's needs or [wants] , then there 's no reason for people to feel constrained to be a part of it .

Her point , that women should stop letting men set the agenda and start attending to our own desires , sounds reasonable , even obvious .
her point , that women should stop letting men set the agenda and start attending to our own [wants] , sounds reasonable , even obvious .

Most of all , the program should stress that a man 's evolved sexual desires offer him no excuse whatsoever for raping a woman , and that if he understands and resists those desires , he may be able to prevent their manifestation in sexually coercive behavior .
most of all , the program should stress that a man 's evolved sexual [wants] offer him no excuse whatsoever for raping a woman , and that if he understands and resists those [wants] , he may be able to prevent their manifestation in sexually coercive behavior .

More than ever , that future will be tied very tightly to the desires of Lucasfilm .
more than ever , that future will be tied very tightly to the [wants] of lucasfilm .

Underlying Sara Lee CEO John Bryan 's avid embrace of what he called `` de-verticalization '' was a confused combination of reasonable assumptions , misplaced analogies , and an overwhelming desire to cater to Wall Street 's desires -- all packaged with the obligatory rhetorical appeal to the demands of the market .
underlying sara lee ceo john bryan 's avid embrace of what he called `` de-verticalization '' was a confused combination of reasonable assumptions , misplaced analogies , and an overwhelming desire to cater to wall street 's [wants] -- all packaged with the obligatory rhetorical appeal to the demands of the market .

Shall we call in the FDA regulators to protect us from our addictive desires ?
shall we call in the fda regulators to protect us from our addictive [wants] ?

All -- or at any rate , quiz participants all -- smirk knowingly at the dark desires implicit in a photo of Santa embracing a comely lad , embellished with the most potent of pederast symbols , baseball paraphernalia .
all -- or at any rate , quiz participants all -- smirk knowingly at the dark [wants] implicit in a photo of santa embracing a comely lad , embellished with the most potent of pederast symbols , baseball paraphernalia .

The given complexity of desires and adaptations that make up the ego suffice .
the given complexity of [wants] and adaptations that make up the ego suffice .

He said he could talk to her on subjects he ca n't talk to me about -- intellectual things -- claiming that I ca n't give him what he desires on a cerebral level .
he said he could talk to her on subjects he ca n't talk to me about -- intellectual things -- claiming that i ca n't give him what he [wants] on a cerebral level .

I now face the following problem : My sexual desires have been restored , but to act on them will require my involvement with women other than my wife , who does not see things this way .
i now face the following problem : my sexual [wants] have been restored , but to act on them will require my involvement with women other than my wife , who does not see things this way .

For the same $ 20 , you can surf the Web day and night for a month , download as much data as your modem can handle , enjoy unlimited e-mail , and even -- if you own the right software -- make as many telephone calls to New York or Paris or Timbuktu as your heart desires .
for the same $ 20 , you can surf the web day and night for a month , download as much data as your modem can handle , enjoy unlimited e-mail , and even -- if you own the right software -- make as many telephone calls to new york or paris or timbuktu as your heart [wants] .

If an official desires a confidential discussion about a potentially criminal act , he should hire a private attorney .
if an official [wants] a confidential discussion about a potentially criminal act , he should hire a private attorney .

School authorities eventually accommodated the desires of surviving students to be protected less and used a showcase in the school lobby for weeklong displays about each crash victim .
school authorities eventually accommodated the [wants] of surviving students to be protected less and used a showcase in the school lobby for weeklong displays about each crash victim .

It 's a closed economy where almost all human needs and desires can be gratified with a miraculous , unlimited currency called the Si .
it 's a closed economy where almost all human needs and [wants] can be gratified with a miraculous , unlimited currency called the si .

More likely , they read wants as meaning ` desires ' rather than ` lacks , ' but that might well be a deliberate , facetious ambiguity .
more likely , they read wants as meaning ` [wants] ' rather than ` lacks , ' but that might well be a deliberate , facetious ambiguity .

