`` Such a vicious statement can only have its origin in the desire of a new political candidate to try to make his name known by condemning a man of world stature .
`` such a vicious statement can only have its origin in the [want] of a new political candidate to try to make his name known by condemning a man of world stature .

2 The desire to give Broglio as many starts as possible ; ;
2 the [want] to give broglio as many starts as possible ; ;

Although economic and personal circumstances vary widely among those now choosing apartments , Leo J. Pantas , vice president of a hardware manufacturing company , pointed out recently that many apartment seekers seem to have one characteristic in common : a desire for greater convenience and freedom from the problems involved in maintaining a house .
although economic and personal circumstances vary widely among those now choosing apartments , leo j. pantas , vice president of a hardware manufacturing company , pointed out recently that many apartment seekers seem to have one characteristic in common : a [want] for greater convenience and freedom from the problems involved in maintaining a house .

The desire and ability to read are important aspects of our cultural life .
the [want] and ability to read are important aspects of our cultural life .

It also weakened our diplomatic stance , because Russia could easily guess we did not desire a nuclear war except in the ultimate extremity .
it also weakened our diplomatic stance , because russia could easily guess we did not [want] a nuclear war except in the ultimate extremity .

To be presiding officer of it was the end of his desire and ambition .
to be presiding officer of it was the end of his [want] and ambition .

They ran across Mr. Rayburn and the youngster expressed a desire to get the Speaker's autograph .
they ran across mr. rayburn and the youngster expressed a [want] to get the speaker's autograph .

But the firm has recognized the tight dollar and the tourist's desire to visit the `` smaller , less-traveled and relatively inexpensive countries '' , and is now prepared to teach modern Greek and Portuguese through recordings .
but the firm has recognized the tight dollar and the tourist's [want] to visit the `` smaller , less-traveled and relatively inexpensive countries '' , and is now prepared to teach modern greek and portuguese through recordings .

The most articulate Republicans are those who , in their desire to get back at Mr. Kennedy , already have created the image of a Republican leadership which is reluctant to assist the distressed and the unemployed , and which is even more unwilling to help old people who need medical care .
the most articulate republicans are those who , in their [want] to get back at mr. kennedy , already have created the image of a republican leadership which is reluctant to assist the distressed and the unemployed , and which is even more unwilling to help old people who need medical care .

Of course , having this desire , I am very interested in education .
of course , having this [want] , i am very interested in education .

It was my desire to advise the membership of the Legion that the majority of polling places are on private property and , without an amendment to the law , we could not enforce this .
it was my [want] to advise the membership of the legion that the majority of polling places are on private property and , without an amendment to the law , we could not enforce this .

It should also make him desire to participate actively in civic , school and religious life of the community so that that phase of Newark will live up to the challenge presented by this exhibit .
it should also make him [want] to participate actively in civic , school and religious life of the community so that that phase of newark will live up to the challenge presented by this exhibit .

Sir Robert Watson-Watt's `` rebuttal '' of Sir Charles Snow's Godkin Lectures is marred throughout by too forceful a desire to defend Lindemann and apparently himself from Sir Charles' supposed falsehoods while stating those `` falsehoods '' in an unclear incoherent argument .
sir robert watson-watt's `` rebuttal '' of sir charles snow's godkin lectures is marred throughout by too forceful a [want] to defend lindemann and apparently himself from sir charles' supposed falsehoods while stating those `` falsehoods '' in an unclear incoherent argument .

This is a virtue of which we have great need in a society where there seems to be an increasing lack of communication -- or even desire for communication -- between differing schools of thought .
this is a virtue of which we have great need in a society where there seems to be an increasing lack of communication -- or even [want] for communication -- between differing schools of thought .

No wonder Khrushchev's first message to President Kennedy was a wistful desire for the return of the `` good old days '' of Roosevelt .
no wonder khrushchev's first message to president kennedy was a wistful [want] for the return of the `` good old days '' of roosevelt .

It may be fostered by frustration , depression , insecurity -- or , in children , simply by the desire to stop an anxious mother's nagging .
it may be fostered by frustration , depression , insecurity -- or , in children , simply by the [want] to stop an anxious mother's nagging .

`` Wherefore also He ( God ) drove him ( man ) out of Paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because He envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because He pitied him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable .
`` wherefore also he ( god ) drove him ( man ) out of paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because he envied him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because he pitied him , ( and did not [want] ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and irremediable .

Whereas the primary meanings of the Lo Shu diagram seemed to have been based on its inner mathematical properties -- and we shall see that even its secondary meanings rested on some mathematical bases -- the urgent desire to place everything into categories of fives led to other groupings based on other numbers , until an exaggerated emphasis on mere numerology pervaded Chinese thought .
whereas the primary meanings of the lo shu diagram seemed to have been based on its inner mathematical properties -- and we shall see that even its secondary meanings rested on some mathematical bases -- the urgent [want] to place everything into categories of fives led to other groupings based on other numbers , until an exaggerated emphasis on mere numerology pervaded chinese thought .

They earnestly desire to do the will of God .
they earnestly [want] to do the will of god .

There are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated residentially without great loss of property values , the white population having taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the Negroes' desire for well-kept housing , privacy , etc. .
there are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated residentially without great loss of property values , the white population having taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the negroes' [want] for well-kept housing , privacy , etc. .

Since the Catholic Church expresses such desire that the Sacred Scriptures be read , the following taken from the Holy Bible ( New Catholic Edition ) will prove a means of grace and a source of great spiritual blessing .
since the catholic church expresses such [want] that the sacred scriptures be read , the following taken from the holy bible ( new catholic edition ) will prove a means of grace and a source of great spiritual blessing .

Now when Henri was just 12 he was only 4' 10'' '' tall and weighed an astounding 72 pounds , and his greatest desire was to pack on some weight .
now when henri was just 12 he was only 4' 10'' '' tall and weighed an astounding 72 pounds , and his greatest [want] was to pack on some weight .

The gymnast must develop strength , flexibility , coordination , timing , rhythm , courage , discipline , persistence and the desire for perfection .
the gymnast must develop strength , flexibility , coordination , timing , rhythm , courage , discipline , persistence and the [want] for perfection .

almost everyone , on first hearing one of his own sessions on tape , expressed some desire to take the whole thing over again .
almost everyone , on first hearing one of his own sessions on tape , expressed some [want] to take the whole thing over again .

The necessity for keeping alert to his bride's hazards can act as an interference with the man's spontaneous desire .
the necessity for keeping alert to his bride's hazards can act as an interference with the man's spontaneous [want] .

Now while he uses talk , caresses or requires caresses from her , his bride will sympathetically understand the situation and eagerly help him restore his physical situation so they can have the consummation they both so eagerly desire .
now while he uses talk , caresses or requires caresses from her , his bride will sympathetically understand the situation and eagerly help him restore his physical situation so they can have the consummation they both so eagerly [want] .

And an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive -- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response .
and an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive -- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female [want] and response .

She quickly moved into cafe society , possibly easing her conscience by talking constantly of her desire to be in show business .
she quickly moved into cafe society , possibly easing her conscience by talking constantly of her [want] to be in show business .

`` Is this the type of citizen you desire '' ? ?
`` is this the type of citizen you [want] '' ? ?

In the case of the Borglum statue an Interior aide was obliged to announce that there had been a misunderstanding and that the Secretary had no desire to `` hustle '' it out of Washington .
in the case of the borglum statue an interior aide was obliged to announce that there had been a misunderstanding and that the secretary had no [want] to `` hustle '' it out of washington .

Those who , because of population mobility and the reputed desire of employers to train their own employees , would limit vocational education to general rather than specific skills ought to bear in mind the importance of motivation in any kind of school experience .
those who , because of population mobility and the reputed [want] of employers to train their own employees , would limit vocational education to general rather than specific skills ought to bear in mind the importance of motivation in any kind of school experience .

Boston fans sometimes liked to wring some wry satisfaction out of the fact that most of the great 1923-27 crew were graduates of the Red Sox -- sold to millionaires Huston and Ruppert by a man who could not deny them their most trifling desire .
boston fans sometimes liked to wring some wry satisfaction out of the fact that most of the great 1923-27 crew were graduates of the red sox -- sold to millionaires huston and ruppert by a man who could not deny them their most trifling [want] .

Since 1954 the Negro's desire for social justice has led to an ironically anarchical rebellion .
since 1954 the negro's [want] for social justice has led to an ironically anarchical rebellion .

The dance is but a disguised ritual for the expression of ungratified sexual desire .
the dance is but a disguised ritual for the expression of ungratified sexual [want] .

The most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings , both positive and negative : a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself ; ;
the most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings , both positive and negative : a [want] to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself ; ;

a desire to avoid and repel this or that other part .
a [want] to avoid and repel this or that other part .

Presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host's desire to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors .
presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host's [want] to get together a number of people who are inadequately acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to adequacy for future cooperative endeavors .

The biggest loss , of course , was the individual's lessened desire and ability to give his services to the growth of his company and our economy .
the biggest loss , of course , was the individual's lessened [want] and ability to give his services to the growth of his company and our economy .

Moral dread is seen as the other face of desire , and here psychoanalysis delivers to the writer a magnificent irony and a moral problem of great complexity .
moral dread is seen as the other face of [want] , and here psychoanalysis delivers to the writer a magnificent irony and a moral problem of great complexity .

Whether you experienced the passion of desire I have , of course , no way of knowing , nor indeed have I wished with even the most fleeting fragment of a wish to know , for the fact that one constitutes by one's mere existence so to speak the proof of some sort of passion makes any speculation upon this part of one's parents' experience more immodest , more scandalizing , more deeply unwelcome than an obscenity from a stranger .
whether you experienced the passion of [want] i have , of course , no way of knowing , nor indeed have i wished with even the most fleeting fragment of a wish to know , for the fact that one constitutes by one's mere existence so to speak the proof of some sort of passion makes any speculation upon this part of one's parents' experience more immodest , more scandalizing , more deeply unwelcome than an obscenity from a stranger .

I had long since begun to lose my general innocence when I lost my trust in you , but this special innocence I lost before ever I loved , through my discovery that one could tremble with desire and even experience a flaming delight that had nothing , nothing whatever to do with friendship or liking , let alone with love .
i had long since begun to lose my general innocence when i lost my trust in you , but this special innocence i lost before ever i loved , through my discovery that one could tremble with [want] and even experience a flaming delight that had nothing , nothing whatever to do with friendship or liking , let alone with love .

Hammarskjold's supposed desire to seek outside legal advice in the guise of Ernest Gross is illusion , at best .
hammarskjold's supposed [want] to seek outside legal advice in the guise of ernest gross is illusion , at best .

Trevelyan was at least in part attracted to the period by an almost unconscious desire to take up the story where Macaulay's History Of England had broken off .
trevelyan was at least in part attracted to the period by an almost unconscious [want] to take up the story where macaulay's history of england had broken off .

Later I learned that Sir Hugh Dalton had expressed a desire to see me , hence their trip to `` No Man's Land '' .
later i learned that sir hugh dalton had expressed a [want] to see me , hence their trip to `` no man's land '' .

At no time does he seem to have proposed marriage , and Mrs. King was evidently torn between a concern for her daughter's emotions and the desire to believe that the friendship might be continued without harm to her reputation .
at no time does he seem to have proposed marriage , and mrs. king was evidently torn between a concern for her daughter's emotions and the [want] to believe that the friendship might be continued without harm to her reputation .

It was , of course , in this drawing of the balance sheet of judgment that he most clearly displayed his desire to do full justice to an author .
it was , of course , in this drawing of the balance sheet of judgment that he most clearly displayed his [want] to do full justice to an author .

It tells us of the ancient human desire to see the highest wisdom joined to the highest sensual beauty .
it tells us of the ancient human [want] to see the highest wisdom joined to the highest sensual beauty .

The desire to substantiate a thesis at the expense of sound research technique smacks more of the propagandist than the historian .
the [want] to substantiate a thesis at the expense of sound research technique smacks more of the propagandist than the historian .

Conceived as an organ of economic cooperation , there is no reason why O.E.C.D. cannot evolve into a broader instrument of union if its members so desire .
conceived as an organ of economic cooperation , there is no reason why o.e.c.d. cannot evolve into a broader instrument of union if its members so [want] .

To encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals , the Office of Minerals Exploration ( OME ) of the U.S. Department of the Interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the OME regulations .
to encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals , the office of minerals exploration ( ome ) of the u.s. department of the interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who [want] to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the ome regulations .

Mr. Speaker , I ask unanimous consent that all Members who desire to do so may extend their remarks at this point in the record ; ;
mr. speaker , i ask unanimous consent that all members who [want] to do so may extend their remarks at this point in the record ; ;

The United States recognizes the desire of India to accumulate , as quickly as possible , a substantial part of the one million ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this Agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in India .
the united states recognizes the [want] of india to accumulate , as quickly as possible , a substantial part of the one million ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in india .

But his business also grew , and we are told that Mr. Brown found it increasingly difficult to devote as much time to his creative thinking as his inclinations led him to desire .
but his business also grew , and we are told that mr. brown found it increasingly difficult to devote as much time to his creative thinking as his inclinations led him to [want] .

The outlook for entertainment electronics in 1961 is certainly far from clear at present , but recent surveys have shown a desire on the part of consumers to step up their buying plans for durable goods .
the outlook for entertainment electronics in 1961 is certainly far from clear at present , but recent surveys have shown a [want] on the part of consumers to step up their buying plans for durable goods .

The desire to contrast the first parts of words which are alike in their last components produces an exceptional disregard of the normal patterns of stress of Chinese and Japanese .
the [want] to contrast the first parts of words which are alike in their last components produces an exceptional disregard of the normal patterns of stress of chinese and japanese .

Some of this trend toward area vocational schools has been related to the problems of persistent labor surplus areas and their desire to attract new industry .
some of this trend toward area vocational schools has been related to the problems of persistent labor surplus areas and their [want] to attract new industry .

The child in the primary grades can play harmoniously with one companion , but his desire to be first in everything gets him into trouble when the group gets larger ; ;
the child in the primary grades can play harmoniously with one companion , but his [want] to be first in everything gets him into trouble when the group gets larger ; ;

He spoke of his desire to promote the abolition of slavery by peaceable means and he compared John Brown of Harper's Ferry to the John Brown of Rhode Island's colonial period .
he spoke of his [want] to promote the abolition of slavery by peaceable means and he compared john brown of harper's ferry to the john brown of rhode island's colonial period .

And if the affection for the suburban branch reflects a desire to shop with `` nice people '' , rather than with the indiscriminate urban mass which supports the downtown department store , the central location may be in serious trouble .
and if the affection for the suburban branch reflects a [want] to shop with `` nice people '' , rather than with the indiscriminate urban mass which supports the downtown department store , the central location may be in serious trouble .

I am very pleased that quite a number of you found ways to communicate to me your desire to hear of our reactions and experiences in the U.S.S.R. .
i am very pleased that quite a number of you found ways to communicate to me your [want] to hear of our reactions and experiences in the u.s.s.r. .

It was only after we had responded , with what I fear were similar cliches , that she went into action by questioning our desire for friendship and understanding with a challenge about aggressive and warlike actions by the U.S. Government in Cuba and Laos .
it was only after we had responded , with what i fear were similar cliches , that she went into action by questioning our [want] for friendship and understanding with a challenge about aggressive and warlike actions by the u.s. government in cuba and laos .

He had no desire to .
he had no [want] to .

They were poems in a strange language , of which he could barely touch a meaning -- enough to make his being ache with the desire for the fullness he sensed there .
they were poems in a strange language , of which he could barely touch a meaning -- enough to make his being ache with the [want] for the fullness he sensed there .

And thus torn between his desire to be known as the composer of a successful opera and the necessity of remaining true to his proclaimed desire for anonymity , Rousseau suffered through several painful weeks .
and thus torn between his [want] to be known as the composer of a successful opera and the necessity of remaining true to his proclaimed [want] for anonymity , rousseau suffered through several painful weeks .

His first desire was to create a mother and son alone in the universe .
his first [want] was to create a mother and son alone in the universe .

He wondered how they could go on in poverty , superstition , ignorance , with a complete lack of desire to make either their land or their lives flourish .
he wondered how they could go on in poverty , superstition , ignorance , with a complete lack of [want] to make either their land or their lives flourish .

In his heart he had no desire to go to Palestine .
in his heart he had no [want] to go to palestine .

He was not sure how much of this desire was due to his devotion to the church and how much was his own ego , demanding to be satisfied , for the two were intertwined and could not be separated .
he was not sure how much of this [want] was due to his devotion to the church and how much was his own ego , demanding to be satisfied , for the two were intertwined and could not be separated .

But , kindled by his kiss , his caressing hand , her desire was aflame .
but , kindled by his kiss , his caressing hand , her [want] was aflame .

and finally , the best part of all , simply sit at the plank table in the kitchen with a bottle of wine and the newspapers , reading the ads as well as the news , registering nothing on her mind but letting her soul suspend itself above all wishing and desire .
and finally , the best part of all , simply sit at the plank table in the kitchen with a bottle of wine and the newspapers , reading the ads as well as the news , registering nothing on her mind but letting her soul suspend itself above all wishing and [want] .

Andy had no desire to linger himself but Hub reported that the mob outside was still large despite the efforts of the police to disperse them .
andy had no [want] to linger himself but hub reported that the mob outside was still large despite the efforts of the police to disperse them .

If Elaine's uncle had stuck to this desire for aloneness , he probably would still be alive .
if elaine's uncle had stuck to this [want] for aloneness , he probably would still be alive .

Lester heard their muttering , saw their eyes reveal their desire .
lester heard their muttering , saw their eyes reveal their [want] .

This desire , I went on , growing voluble as my conviction was aroused , had mounted at such a rate recently that I now found its realization necessary not only to my physical but also to my spiritual wellbeing .
this [want] , i went on , growing voluble as my conviction was aroused , had mounted at such a rate recently that i now found its realization necessary not only to my physical but also to my spiritual wellbeing .

After all , he had less reason to desire it than the marine .
after all , he had less reason to [want] it than the marine .

And , though at the time I blushed to admit it even to myself , there was in me a growing desire , a sexual awareness , that Johnnie had set in motion , an awareness that no other man had ever triggered .
and , though at the time i blushed to admit it even to myself , there was in me a growing [want] , a sexual awareness , that johnnie had set in motion , an awareness that no other man had ever triggered .

His chief motivation for enrolling at Hanford is the desire to '' --
his chief motivation for enrolling at hanford is the [want] to '' --

It wasn't long before I sensed that there was something deeper than overvaulting ambition back of his desire for Viola's destruction .
it wasn't long before i sensed that there was something deeper than overvaulting ambition back of his [want] for viola's destruction .

It 's the desire of little girls everywhere to have pictures with their stories that 's inspired a ’ Wonderland ’ of images at the Museum of Oxford .
it 's the [want] of little girls everywhere to have pictures with their stories that 's inspired a ’ wonderland ’ of images at the museum of oxford .

Just a positive desire to get out of the door and then you just pray .
just a positive [want] to get out of the door and then you just pray .

Just a positive desire to get out of the door and then you just pray .
just a positive [want] to get out of the door and then you just pray .

Gypsy families , who 've camped for 70 years on sites like this one near Hereford , say they have no desire to give up their way of life .
gypsy families , who 've camped for 70 years on sites like this one near hereford , say they have no [want] to give up their way of life .

They 've sent me flowers and choclates , and they 've expressed a desire to accommodate the two young men who 've done this at their own institutions
they 've sent me flowers and choclates , and they 've expressed a [want] to accommodate the two young men who 've done this at their own institutions

But despite the obstacles , all 3 are single-minded in their desire to play here .
but despite the obstacles , all 3 are single-minded in their [want] to play here .

In a keynote speech on the economy , the Scottish Secretary will set out his desire to see Scotland develop into a headquarters rather than a branch economy .
in a keynote speech on the economy , the scottish secretary will set out his [want] to see scotland develop into a headquarters rather than a branch economy .

‘ It is concerned at the possible link between the Government 's evident desire to impose its own educational policies and the weakening of democratic local government . ’
‘ it is concerned at the possible link between the government 's evident [want] to impose its own educational policies and the weakening of democratic local government . ’

Labour first signalled their legislative desire to try and amend the bill in this way prior to last year 's summit recess .
labour first signalled their legislative [want] to try and amend the bill in this way prior to last year 's summit recess .

‘ There was a strong desire throughout the region to reconvene , ’ he said after final , separate meetings with the Palestinian delegation and with the Israeli Prime Minister , Yitzhak Rabin .
‘ there was a strong [want] throughout the region to reconvene , ’ he said after final , separate meetings with the palestinian delegation and with the israeli prime minister , yitzhak rabin .

The court action would continue after his death because of his desire to stop others — including his four young grandchildren — from following his example .
the court action would continue after his death because of his [want] to stop others — including his four young grandchildren — from following his example .

Fear of unemployment is probably doing more than anything to hold back consumers from increasing their spending , and that is compounded by their desire to pay down debt after getting their fingers burned in the late 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s .
fear of unemployment is probably doing more than anything to hold back consumers from increasing their spending , and that is compounded by their [want] to pay down debt after getting their fingers burned in the late 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s .

‘ What we are seeing now is a public revulsion against violence in society which is feeding through to a desire for greater sensitivity by programme makers , ’ he said .
‘ what we are seeing now is a public revulsion against violence in society which is feeding through to a [want] for greater sensitivity by programme makers , ’ he said .

Nowadays , there was an expressed desire for a return to the values of the 1950s .
nowadays , there was an expressed [want] for a return to the values of the 1950s .

The desire was to learn a lesson from the past and put something together with limited objectives .
the [want] was to learn a lesson from the past and put something together with limited objectives .

Nonetheless , it seems clear that Mr Wood — whose career has been in corporate treasury departments — decided quite early on that he was not in the running for the job of chief executive , given Barclays ' desire that someone with all-round banking experience fill the post .
nonetheless , it seems clear that mr wood — whose career has been in corporate treasury departments — decided quite early on that he was not in the running for the job of chief executive , given barclays ' [want] that someone with all-round banking experience fill the post .

Given the lacklustre contributions of some individuals at Stark 's Park , Burns must have wondered about their desire to step up a grade .
given the lacklustre contributions of some individuals at stark 's park , burns must have wondered about their [want] to step up a grade .

With a Scottish mandate , Labour has progressed from the ‘ feeble fifty ’ to the ‘ ineffectual forty-nine ’ as it sits impotently at Westminster because of its allegiance to the Union and because of the English desire for Conservative governments .
with a scottish mandate , labour has progressed from the ‘ feeble fifty ’ to the ‘ ineffectual forty-nine ’ as it sits impotently at westminster because of its allegiance to the union and because of the english [want] for conservative governments .

While Payton has struck up a sound understanding with Frank McAvennie , Celtic 's greatest asset today may be their desire for victory .
while payton has struck up a sound understanding with frank mcavennie , celtic 's greatest asset today may be their [want] for victory .

But how can this be a realistic demand in an institution which condemns any physical pleasure outwith marriage — for heterosexuals as well as homosexuals ? And how can gay priests reasonably expect acceptance when celibacy is demanded of heterosexuals ? The desire for marriage and a family results in thousands of men leaving the priesthood .
but how can this be a realistic demand in an institution which condemns any physical pleasure outwith marriage — for heterosexuals as well as homosexuals ? and how can gay priests reasonably expect acceptance when celibacy is demanded of heterosexuals ? the [want] for marriage and a family results in thousands of men leaving the priesthood .

No one can achieve anything without the help of others and we are not talking about militancy , more the desire to support people in their quest to put Darlington to rights .
no one can achieve anything without the help of others and we are not talking about militancy , more the [want] to support people in their quest to put darlington to rights .

They are worn out by the desire of politicians to fight among themselves , manipulating the archaic rules of Westminster and creating red herrings as part of the game that aims to divorce the people from having a say .
they are worn out by the [want] of politicians to fight among themselves , manipulating the archaic rules of westminster and creating red herrings as part of the game that aims to divorce the people from having a say .

After missing in a flat calm against the French , it was typical of Hastings that he succeeded in a gale which made the Murrayfield goal-posts moan like a didgeridoo . So , apart from a desire to prove the doubters wrong , what had changed since Paris ?
after missing in a flat calm against the french , it was typical of hastings that he succeeded in a gale which made the murrayfield goal-posts moan like a didgeridoo . so , apart from a [want] to prove the doubters wrong , what had changed since paris ?

Drinking alcohol during the daytime and over-eating can lead to an over-powering desire to nod off ( just think of the average household after Christmas dinner ) .
drinking alcohol during the daytime and over-eating can lead to an over-powering [want] to nod off ( just think of the average household after christmas dinner ) .

Then there are the changing images of men — men with babies , semi-naked men portrayed as objects of desire — as seen in the media .
then there are the changing images of men — men with babies , semi-naked men portrayed as objects of [want] — as seen in the media .

In his article today , headed ‘ Foul language ’ ( Lifestyle ) , Brian Pendreigh raises an issue of crucial importance in our society : the desire of some individuals to censor the publication of political opinions with which they disagree .
in his article today , headed ‘ foul language ’ ( lifestyle ) , brian pendreigh raises an issue of crucial importance in our society : the [want] of some individuals to censor the publication of political opinions with which they disagree .

He says , too , that children have a natural desire to organise their sound world and quotes in evidence playground games , and the complex rhythms a child will produce with percussion .
he says , too , that children have a natural [want] to organise their sound world and quotes in evidence playground games , and the complex rhythms a child will produce with percussion .

Freed of the responsibility of nursing her husband Lady Chatterley spends more time with the gamekeeper and eventually they both give in to their desire .
freed of the responsibility of nursing her husband lady chatterley spends more time with the gamekeeper and eventually they both give in to their [want] .

‘ The application and desire to win a Test is always there but we need to combine that with combination and cohesion .
‘ the application and [want] to win a test is always there but we need to combine that with combination and cohesion .

‘ We have no desire to break the law , as a federation we have always advocated that we observe the law of the land .
‘ we have no [want] to break the law , as a federation we have always advocated that we observe the law of the land .

The list is endless , but for starters : liver diseases caused by alcohol ; drug-induced illnesses ; overdoses ; aids developed through promiscuous sexual behaviour ; heart disease and circulation problems in severely obese people who can not control their desire for fattening foods ; osteoporosis and other arthritic conditions caused by ‘ couch potatoes ’ who refuse to take exercise .
the list is endless , but for starters : liver diseases caused by alcohol ; drug-induced illnesses ; overdoses ; aids developed through promiscuous sexual behaviour ; heart disease and circulation problems in severely obese people who can not control their [want] for fattening foods ; osteoporosis and other arthritic conditions caused by ‘ couch potatoes ’ who refuse to take exercise .

Rosenthal , 29 , has failed to sign a new one-year contract offered to him by Liverpool even though he has expressed his desire to stay at Anfield .
rosenthal , 29 , has failed to sign a new one-year contract offered to him by liverpool even though he has expressed his [want] to stay at anfield .

The mutual desire for an end to the perpetual warfare was the starting point , but there were also pressing political and economic factors .
the mutual [want] for an end to the perpetual warfare was the starting point , but there were also pressing political and economic factors .

Sir Patrick said : ‘ There is in my belief , and in my experience , a profound desire amongst everyday people in Northern Ireland , right across the community , that the politicians should resume talks , because there is a recognition that there has to be a way of securing a less antagonist way of living in a divided society than we have at the moment . ’
sir patrick said : ‘ there is in my belief , and in my experience , a profound [want] amongst everyday people in northern ireland , right across the community , that the politicians should resume talks , because there is a recognition that there has to be a way of securing a less antagonist way of living in a divided society than we have at the moment . ’

( b ) a real desire to help the Medau Society ?
( b ) a real [want] to help the medau society ?

The Ring makes anyone who sees it wish to gain possession of it and the more often it is seen , the stronger this desire becomes .
the ring makes anyone who sees it wish to gain possession of it and the more often it is seen , the stronger this [want] becomes .

Boromir , son of the steward of Gondor , falls prey to the Ring and almost kills Frodo in his desire to have the Ring and wield it in order to do good .
boromir , son of the steward of gondor , falls prey to the ring and almost kills frodo in his [want] to have the ring and wield it in order to do good .

Denethor , steward of Gondor , succumbs to the desire for knowledge and is sent mad by what he sees .
denethor , steward of gondor , succumbs to the [want] for knowledge and is sent mad by what he sees .

In many cases temptation goes no further than desire or possibly trying but failing to seize the Ring .
in many cases temptation goes no further than [want] or possibly trying but failing to seize the ring .

When it passes out of his hands , Gollum is so eaten up with desire for the Ring that even though he has become evil he helps Frodo find Mount Doom in order to stay with the Ring .
when it passes out of his hands , gollum is so eaten up with [want] for the ring that even though he has become evil he helps frodo find mount doom in order to stay with the ring .

If the ring had not captured and ruined Gollum 's mind , he would never have been overcome by desire of it and hence he would not have snatched the Ring and fallen into the Cracks of Doom , the only place the Ring can be destroyed .
if the ring had not captured and ruined gollum 's mind , he would never have been overcome by [want] of it and hence he would not have snatched the ring and fallen into the cracks of doom , the only place the ring can be destroyed .

She had her spirit of adventure and desire for romance and excitement fulfilled becoming less superficial and pretentious and a more mature person .
she had her spirit of adventure and [want] for romance and excitement fulfilled becoming less superficial and pretentious and a more mature person .

Both books tell of the extremes a man will go to to obtain the object of his desire , and how despite all his efforts , neither hero succeeds ultimately .
both books tell of the extremes a man will go to to obtain the object of his [want] , and how despite all his efforts , neither hero succeeds ultimately .

Clegg knows he can never gain Miranda 's respect except by force , as he has nothing to offer her that she wants , and so , to fulfil his desire he has to kidnap her .
clegg knows he can never gain miranda 's respect except by force , as he has nothing to offer her that she wants , and so , to fulfil his [want] he has to kidnap her .

Carrie seems to have dug herself into a huge , deep hole of self-pity and has no desire to get out of it .
carrie seems to have dug herself into a huge , deep hole of self-pity and has no [want] to get out of it .

Clarence was not a true tramp , as he put across , but one by desire .
clarence was not a true tramp , as he put across , but one by [want] .

This clearly shows how Eddie 's actions , beginning by a natural desire for Catherine 's well-being , eventually destroyed their relationship and brought misery to both of them .
this clearly shows how eddie 's actions , beginning by a natural [want] for catherine 's well-being , eventually destroyed their relationship and brought misery to both of them .

Such are the weaknesses of human nature that initial enthusiasm sometimes overcomes care and prudence in a desire to get the show on the road .
such are the weaknesses of human nature that initial enthusiasm sometimes overcomes care and prudence in a [want] to get the show on the road .

The ability of the Bank to operate through such systems is largely through the historical building up of relationships and the ingrained tradition of the banks to accept such a system because of their desire to be watched over by ‘ one of their own ’ .
the ability of the bank to operate through such systems is largely through the historical building up of relationships and the ingrained tradition of the banks to accept such a system because of their [want] to be watched over by ‘ one of their own ’ .

This rationality is well described by a former head of the British civil service , Sir Douglas Allen : ‘ The desire for uniformity of treatment , coupled with accountability for decisions , require elaborate codes and rules so that a multiplicity of decision-makers can produce acceptably similar results in similar cases ’ ( cited in Thomson 1983 : 141 ) .
this rationality is well described by a former head of the british civil service , sir douglas allen : ‘ the [want] for uniformity of treatment , coupled with accountability for decisions , require elaborate codes and rules so that a multiplicity of decision-makers can produce acceptably similar results in similar cases ’ ( cited in thomson 1983 : 141 ) .

The concern with consensus , and the desire of national railway management and union leaders to control industrial action , has reinforced the tendency towards centralization in collective bargaining .
the concern with consensus , and the [want] of national railway management and union leaders to control industrial action , has reinforced the tendency towards centralization in collective bargaining .

The second impulse — the desire to avoid disruption — has frequently brought direct pressure on the parties from senior politicians , often in the face of imminent industrial action .
the second impulse — the [want] to avoid disruption — has frequently brought direct pressure on the parties from senior politicians , often in the face of imminent industrial action .

Where the desire of governments to avoid disruption conflicts with other priorities , such as the need to be seen to control public sector pay or working practices , intervention may well be secretive .
where the [want] of governments to avoid disruption conflicts with other priorities , such as the need to be seen to control public sector pay or working practices , intervention may well be secretive .

No desire to tidy up his life so that it could be handed over to someone else .
no [want] to tidy up his life so that it could be handed over to someone else .

If posture and where you put your body meant anything ( and she had heard sociologists say it did ) , Steve had a strong desire not to be seen .
if posture and where you put your body meant anything ( and she had heard sociologists say it did ) , steve had a strong [want] not to be seen .

Toni , recently voted the Most Fanciable Object of Desire , had to contend with numerous assaults on to the stage .
toni , recently voted the most fanciable object of [want] , had to contend with numerous assaults on to the stage .

Mr Pratt , whose father Glyn was a former Merseyside County Councillor , added : ‘ We are constantly hearing about the desire to breathe new life back into New Brighton .
mr pratt , whose father glyn was a former merseyside county councillor , added : ‘ we are constantly hearing about the [want] to breathe new life back into new brighton .

Toni , who has been called a dark Debbie Harry , was recently voted the best female artist and object of desire in the music press .
toni , who has been called a dark debbie harry , was recently voted the best female artist and object of [want] in the music press .

Morale is affected in the short-term , but in the long-term , our desire for a prosecution is heightened .
morale is affected in the short-term , but in the long-term , our [want] for a prosecution is heightened .

While farmers themselves recognise that no-one owes them a living , there 's still an inherent desire to be on the receiving end of some support .
while farmers themselves recognise that no-one owes them a living , there 's still an inherent [want] to be on the receiving end of some support .

While farmers themselves recognise that no-one owes them a living , there 's still an inherent desire to be on the receiving end of some support .
while farmers themselves recognise that no-one owes them a living , there 's still an inherent [want] to be on the receiving end of some support .

The Liverpool manager has made no secret of his desire to sign a top-class defender this summer with John Scales and Neil Ruddock his main targets .
the liverpool manager has made no secret of his [want] to sign a top-class defender this summer with john scales and neil ruddock his main targets .

‘ They have no desire to investigate this matter properly because it could prove to have serious ramifications for a number of political parties and senior individuals , ’ he claimed .
‘ they have no [want] to investigate this matter properly because it could prove to have serious ramifications for a number of political parties and senior individuals , ’ he claimed .

And so those architects who remember the Third Reich are fearful of the politician 's desire to build on an imperial scale .
and so those architects who remember the third reich are fearful of the politician 's [want] to build on an imperial scale .

Cranston saw Bonaventure fairly skipping along to greet him but he had no desire to have that bloody cat rubbing up against his leg , so hustled Athelstan out to collect their horses .
cranston saw bonaventure fairly skipping along to greet him but he had no [want] to have that bloody cat rubbing up against his leg , so hustled athelstan out to collect their horses .

That is a measure of the support for the miners and the desire for the country to keep a certain degree of energy self-sufficiency once oil and gas reserves are gone .
that is a measure of the support for the miners and the [want] for the country to keep a certain degree of energy self-sufficiency once oil and gas reserves are gone .

The most astonishing aspect of the case was not that she had an understandable desire to disport herself in space , but that under the law as it stands a major general had to offer her an abject apology for the recruiting sergeant showing a welcome piece of common sense .
the most astonishing aspect of the case was not that she had an understandable [want] to disport herself in space , but that under the law as it stands a major general had to offer her an abject apology for the recruiting sergeant showing a welcome piece of common sense .

New skipper Richardson said he had heard of McDermott 's allegations but repeated his desire that the series , unlike the previous clash between the two teams , be played in good spirit .
new skipper richardson said he had heard of mcdermott 's allegations but repeated his [want] that the series , unlike the previous clash between the two teams , be played in good spirit .

Liverpool 's desire to score the goals required was resulting in a glaring lack of composure , playing into Spartak 's hands .
liverpool 's [want] to score the goals required was resulting in a glaring lack of composure , playing into spartak 's hands .

Having despaired of living amid such horror , we begged God not to have us killed — the transition is too atrocious — but just to let us be dead . We had but one desire ; the end !
having despaired of living amid such horror , we begged god not to have us killed — the transition is too atrocious — but just to let us be dead . we had but one [want] ; the end !

Discuss the effect on the equilibrium level of income and the level of total savings of an autonomous increase in the community 's desire to save .
discuss the effect on the equilibrium level of income and the level of total savings of an autonomous increase in the community 's [want] to save .

Keynes divided the demand for money into three types : ( a ) the transactions demand , which is the demand by firms and households for holdings of money to finance day-to-day transactions ; ( b ) precautionary demand , which arises out of uncertainty and the desire not to be caught short of ready cash ; and ( c ) the speculative demand , which is the demand for money as a financial asset and therefore part of a wealth portfolio .
keynes divided the demand for money into three types : ( a ) the transactions demand , which is the demand by firms and households for holdings of money to finance day-to-day transactions ; ( b ) precautionary demand , which arises out of uncertainty and the [want] not to be caught short of ready cash ; and ( c ) the speculative demand , which is the demand for money as a financial asset and therefore part of a wealth portfolio .

Thus , as total wealth increases , the desire to hold money ( one of the components of total wealth ) will also increase .
thus , as total wealth increases , the [want] to hold money ( one of the components of total wealth ) will also increase .

Assuming that the money market is in equilibrium initially , the policy will raise the supply of money above the demand for money , and wealth holders will find themselves holding more money than they desire in their portfolios .
assuming that the money market is in equilibrium initially , the policy will raise the supply of money above the demand for money , and wealth holders will find themselves holding more money than they [want] in their portfolios .

, chief executive of Courtaulds Marine and Yacht Coatings ( Europe ) , said the deal reflected Courtaulds ' desire ‘ to complete its European network of operations and have a direct involvement in this important European market . ’
, chief executive of courtaulds marine and yacht coatings ( europe ) , said the deal reflected courtaulds ' [want] ‘ to complete its european network of operations and have a direct involvement in this important european market . ’

The external audit showed an openness to change among the employees and no instant desire to blame other departments when things went wrong .
the external audit showed an openness to change among the employees and no instant [want] to blame other departments when things went wrong .

Se Queira describes the ‘ 64,000 dollar question ’ : whether some clients could be forced to accept residential care even though they expressed an overwhelming desire to stay in their own homes .
se queira describes the ‘ 64,000 dollar question ’ : whether some clients could be forced to accept residential care even though they expressed an overwhelming [want] to stay in their own homes .

Attempt to translate such needs into a desire to purchase .
attempt to translate such needs into a [want] to purchase .

This should not be interpreted as an attempt to violate the contract , but rather the desire of the Japanese to allow both sides the ability to adjust to unforeseen circumstances .
this should not be interpreted as an attempt to violate the contract , but rather the [want] of the japanese to allow both sides the ability to adjust to unforeseen circumstances .

desire to move for a variety of reasons , erm permanently regarded house in the first place , you know ?
[want] to move for a variety of reasons , erm permanently regarded house in the first place , you know ?

Is it a by-product of our musical inventiveness , this perpetual desire to applaud the new and deride the old ?
is it a by-product of our musical inventiveness , this perpetual [want] to applaud the new and deride the old ?

For a long time Roe has harboured a desire to do some commentating so when he had the chance at the European he took it with both hands .
for a long time roe has harboured a [want] to do some commentating so when he had the chance at the european he took it with both hands .

It was his desire to play the Senior Tour and his love of golf which has given the Notts professional the inspiration to overcome his terrible injuries and pick up where he left off a little more than a year ago .
it was his [want] to play the senior tour and his love of golf which has given the notts professional the inspiration to overcome his terrible injuries and pick up where he left off a little more than a year ago .

Basically , Moon will build anything you want , with whatever hardware , body shape , neck profile or pickups you desire .
basically , moon will build anything you want , with whatever hardware , body shape , neck profile or pickups you [want] .

Whether it 's the desire for a career in music , or the pursuit of greater musical understanding or technique , the reasons for enrolling are as varied as the nationalities of students now attending the Institute .
whether it 's the [want] for a career in music , or the pursuit of greater musical understanding or technique , the reasons for enrolling are as varied as the nationalities of students now attending the institute .

The truth of the matter is that , conceptually , rhythm occupies that grey area of learning that few students of the guitar will admit to having any desire to explore .
the truth of the matter is that , conceptually , rhythm occupies that grey area of learning that few students of the guitar will admit to having any [want] to explore .

Yet his expressed preference for the worship of the formless does not prevent him from recognizing that God is personal to those who need to feel his presence and embodied to those who desire to experience his touch .
yet his expressed preference for the worship of the formless does not prevent him from recognizing that god is personal to those who need to feel his presence and embodied to those who [want] to experience his touch .

It was a term which indicated the desire to be firm or to hold firm ( āgraha ) to Truth ( Satya ) or Reality ( Sat ) .
it was a term which indicated the [want] to be firm or to hold firm ( āgraha ) to truth ( satya ) or reality ( sat ) .

The satyāgrahi must not desire anything that is beyond the reach of the most unfortunate of human beings .
the satyāgrahi must not [want] anything that is beyond the reach of the most unfortunate of human beings .

The third stage is for the disciplined few , and the final stage is for the select few who desire the bliss and blessedness of complete union with God .
the third stage is for the disciplined few , and the final stage is for the select few who [want] the bliss and blessedness of complete union with god .

By this he means that they should refrain from sexual intercourse , for no satyāgrahi should desire progeny , which , in Gandhi 's view , is the only legitimate reason for sexual intercourse .
by this he means that they should refrain from sexual intercourse , for no satyāgrahi should [want] progeny , which , in gandhi 's view , is the only legitimate reason for sexual intercourse .

‘ Realization of God ’ , he claims , ‘ is impossible without complete renunciation of the sexual desire .
‘ realization of god ’ , he claims , ‘ is impossible without complete renunciation of the sexual [want] .

Compassion , as understood in the Buddhist context , shows no impetus or desire to transform man directly , or to change him indirectly by effecting a change in his social environment .
compassion , as understood in the buddhist context , shows no impetus or [want] to transform man directly , or to change him indirectly by effecting a change in his social environment .

Tillich concludes from this that even the most profound expression of compassion within Buddhism can not be compared with agape because it lacks the power to accept the unacceptable and the desire to change man and his society .
tillich concludes from this that even the most profound expression of compassion within buddhism can not be compared with agape because it lacks the power to accept the unacceptable and the [want] to change man and his society .

He contemplated becoming a teacher and giving up acting , except he could not shake off the desire .
he contemplated becoming a teacher and giving up acting , except he could not shake off the [want] .

As Robin Wood has noted , ‘ The presentation of the Cheyennes is confused and blurred by the divided impulse , the desire to recreate an ‘ ideal ’ alternative to the white world .
as robin wood has noted , ‘ the presentation of the cheyennes is confused and blurred by the divided impulse , the [want] to recreate an ‘ ideal ’ alternative to the white world .

He had a strong desire to get to know her better , and yet here she was talking of marriage !
he had a strong [want] to get to know her better , and yet here she was talking of marriage !

When she first felt herself swept away on the tide of desire , the risk of detection had added spice to the affair .
when she first felt herself swept away on the tide of [want] , the risk of detection had added spice to the affair .

‘ Gareth ? ’ Tempy was unable to fathom her mistress ' desire to be rid of the groom , nor the depth of feeling behind the words .
‘ gareth ? ’ tempy was unable to fathom her mistress ' [want] to be rid of the groom , nor the depth of feeling behind the words .

There was a widespread belief in colonial East Africa that men posted to Masailand succumbed to a disease called ‘ Masai-itis ’ , an emotional obsession with the Masai which destroyed their desire to rule .
there was a widespread belief in colonial east africa that men posted to masailand succumbed to a disease called ‘ masai-itis ’ , an emotional obsession with the masai which destroyed their [want] to rule .

The enthusiasm felt by British officials for Masai development , of course , far transcended the mere desire for control , urgent as this was .
the enthusiasm felt by british officials for masai development , of course , far transcended the mere [want] for control , urgent as this was .

Murrells opposed the creation of a national park in the Ngorongoro crater , and put on record his desire to ‘ protest most emphatically against the theory that where the interests of game and the Masai clash the Masai must go ’ .
murrells opposed the creation of a national park in the ngorongoro crater , and put on record his [want] to ‘ protest most emphatically against the theory that where the interests of game and the masai clash the masai must go ’ .

The interesting fact was that Lugard united in his person , in an exceptionally dramatic and compulsive fashion , the two opposing but eternally co-existing currents of British imperial thought : the desire to be powerful , and the desire to be good .
the interesting fact was that lugard united in his person , in an exceptionally dramatic and compulsive fashion , the two opposing but eternally co-existing currents of british imperial thought : the [want] to be powerful , and the [want] to be good .

As a man , Lugard combined a passionate love of command with an equally passionate desire not to be judged unkindly for it .
as a man , lugard combined a passionate love of command with an equally passionate [want] not to be judged unkindly for it .

Temple was sincere in his desire to preserve native society from too sudden change : he enjoyed its idiosyncrasies , respected its vitality , and greatly loved it as an unkempt garden in which the product of a more ordered civilization might find repose .
temple was sincere in his [want] to preserve native society from too sudden change : he enjoyed its idiosyncrasies , respected its vitality , and greatly loved it as an unkempt garden in which the product of a more ordered civilization might find repose .

He went to exceedingly great lengths to keep his name out of the public eye , but , as with Lawrence , an extreme desire for secrecy and public contempt for ambition were accompanied by a morbid fascination with the power of the will .
he went to exceedingly great lengths to keep his name out of the public eye , but , as with lawrence , an extreme [want] for secrecy and public contempt for ambition were accompanied by a morbid fascination with the power of the will .

By making it possible for a vivid and urgent desire for power to exist alongside a consciousness of being the legitimate and predestined possessor of it , they kept the edge on the governing classes .
by making it possible for a vivid and urgent [want] for power to exist alongside a consciousness of being the legitimate and predestined possessor of it , they kept the edge on the governing classes .

The long years he spent absorbed in working for the abolition of untouchability and for the reconciliation of Muslim and Hindu , and in innumerable projects of village uplift , testified not only to his genuine goodness but also to the strength of his desire to make India , in the eyes of its alien rulers as well as his own , worthy to be free .
the long years he spent absorbed in working for the abolition of untouchability and for the reconciliation of muslim and hindu , and in innumerable projects of village uplift , testified not only to his genuine goodness but also to the strength of his [want] to make india , in the eyes of its alien rulers as well as his own , worthy to be free .

In February 1929 Irwin had written to the Secretary of State of a conversation with Gandhi that ‘ what was interesting ’ was his statement that , if Indians were at liberty to order their own future , ‘ we should be astonished by how much they would desire to leave in our hands through lack of self-confidence ’ .
in february 1929 irwin had written to the secretary of state of a conversation with gandhi that ‘ what was interesting ’ was his statement that , if indians were at liberty to order their own future , ‘ we should be astonished by how much they would [want] to leave in our hands through lack of self-confidence ’ .

In combination with his ardent desire to improve the living standard of the British working man , this made for a potent brand of imperialism ; few politicians took the Dual Mandate more seriously than Ernest Bevin .
in combination with his ardent [want] to improve the living standard of the british working man , this made for a potent brand of imperialism ; few politicians took the dual mandate more seriously than ernest bevin .

The frame of reference for all this ferment in the official mind remained the idea of the Commonwealth , which during the war received an impetus from the need to show the Americans , in words if not in deeds , that there would be room for a British empire in the brave new post-war world , and also from the genuine idealism stimulated in some British imperialists — as it had been stimulated in the previous war — by a desire to distinguish themselves from the Germans and their imperial ambitions .
the frame of reference for all this ferment in the official mind remained the idea of the commonwealth , which during the war received an impetus from the need to show the americans , in words if not in deeds , that there would be room for a british empire in the brave new post-war world , and also from the genuine idealism stimulated in some british imperialists — as it had been stimulated in the previous war — by a [want] to distinguish themselves from the germans and their imperial ambitions .

In contrast to this move to open up broadcasting to the free market , there is the desire to monitor and control output .
in contrast to this move to open up broadcasting to the free market , there is the [want] to monitor and control output .

Approximations : Image , Desire and Lesbian Identity
approximations : image , [want] and lesbian identity

Sexuality is open to intervention because it is socially constructed and located within ever-changing cultural and historical moments , but desire is a discourse which can be changed through exploration rather than by prohibition .
sexuality is open to intervention because it is socially constructed and located within ever-changing cultural and historical moments , but [want] is a discourse which can be changed through exploration rather than by prohibition .

Desire is written across flesh which is eroticised in rigid and exclusive ways in Western cultures .
[want] is written across flesh which is eroticised in rigid and exclusive ways in western cultures .

In twentieth-century Western cultures , however , there is some consensus concerning which bodies are ‘ sexually attractive ’ and central to concepts of desire , and which bodies are ‘ repulsive ’ and marginal .
in twentieth-century western cultures , however , there is some consensus concerning which bodies are ‘ sexually attractive ’ and central to concepts of [want] , and which bodies are ‘ repulsive ’ and marginal .

Nothing changes/feelings shift , move endlessly in circles/moths beating at glass endlessly/all that energy expended on nothing/no-one lets you in/desire and what can be desired are all fixed within strict parameters/ established as everything you 're not/desire written against your body/encoded in all the spaces which are not you/contours which are not yours/you occupy the gap between desire and fulfilment/absence of choice/no choice at all/why are moths nocturnal when so strongly attracted to light ?
nothing changes/feelings shift , move endlessly in circles/moths beating at glass endlessly/all that energy expended on nothing/no-one lets you in/desire and what can be desired are all fixed within strict parameters/ established as everything you 're not/desire written against your body/encoded in all the spaces which are not you/contours which are not yours/you occupy the gap between [want] and fulfilment/absence of choice/no choice at all/why are moths nocturnal when so strongly attracted to light ?

Why is the erasure of desire so difficult ?
why is the erasure of [want] so difficult ?

In moments of despair you hit hope on the head with a hammer , but she goes on breathing in dark , safe spaces , echoes and cobwebs/tatters of past desire , spent and perfect , swim through time towards you , reminding you of what was but is no more/splinters in the flesh/tiny mouths open and close and never get fed — not even scraps — nothing at all .
in moments of despair you hit hope on the head with a hammer , but she goes on breathing in dark , safe spaces , echoes and cobwebs/tatters of past [want] , spent and perfect , swim through time towards you , reminding you of what was but is no more/splinters in the flesh/tiny mouths open and close and never get fed — not even scraps — nothing at all .

We are taught to equate beauty with ‘ success ’ , ‘ social mobility ’ and sexual desire .
we are taught to equate beauty with ‘ success ’ , ‘ social mobility ’ and sexual [want] .

And desire is starving and its belly grows huge but its lungs continue to process air and it lights small fires everywhere .
and [want] is starving and its belly grows huge but its lungs continue to process air and it lights small fires everywhere .

Desire flutters in an empty room .
[want] flutters in an empty room .

Trapped in a cruel flesh joke , desire burns holes so deep they can never be repaired .
trapped in a cruel flesh joke , [want] burns holes so deep they can never be repaired .

The stigma attached to fat means that we are low-status as lovers , thus people who are attracted to fat women may repress their desire because they risk ridicule and pity if they choose such a low-status lover .
the stigma attached to fat means that we are low-status as lovers , thus people who are attracted to fat women may repress their [want] because they risk ridicule and pity if they choose such a low-status lover .

Some fat women have lovers who desire and respect them , but for many more sex means the absence of , or the scraps .
some fat women have lovers who [want] and respect them , but for many more sex means the absence of , or the scraps .

The language of desire is rich and complex .
the language of [want] is rich and complex .

For you , desire is a mobile flung in all directions and getting nowhere .
for you , [want] is a mobile flung in all directions and getting nowhere .

If only desire were a plum-stone .
if only [want] were a plum-stone .

Fat women risk so much more than thin women when starting a sexual relationship , because we are taught that we are not capable of inspiring love or lust : we have forfeited the right to be sexual because our bodies are incompatible with desire .
fat women risk so much more than thin women when starting a sexual relationship , because we are taught that we are not capable of inspiring love or lust : we have forfeited the right to be sexual because our bodies are incompatible with [want] .

We are never presented as sexual subjects or objects , so we are less likely to trigger desire , and if we do not believe that we are desirable we will project this and create further obstacles .
we are never presented as sexual subjects or objects , so we are less likely to trigger [want] , and if we do not believe that we are desirable we will project this and create further obstacles .

However , lesbians are more likely than men to feel ambivalent about their own bodies and may feel it especially difficult to desire a fat woman who embodies their own fears .
however , lesbians are more likely than men to feel ambivalent about their own bodies and may feel it especially difficult to [want] a fat woman who embodies their own fears .

Desire is played out across flesh .
[want] is played out across flesh .

The map of desire is flat and smooth , it does not get dirty or sick or old , it is a neat , hard bourgeois space resistant to transgression .
the map of [want] is flat and smooth , it does not get dirty or sick or old , it is a neat , hard bourgeois space resistant to transgression .

but we can not demand to be desired , for desire operates in complex , often unconscious ways .
but we can not demand to be desired , for [want] operates in complex , often unconscious ways .

However , erotic symbols and fantasies are socially constructed and alterable , and by examining how conscious we are of how and why we suppress or express desire , we will be able to establish how fixed our impulses and fantasies are .
however , erotic symbols and fantasies are socially constructed and alterable , and by examining how conscious we are of how and why we suppress or express [want] , we will be able to establish how fixed our impulses and fantasies are .

We can not force desire to take a shape it resists , but perhaps we can slowly remould it .
we can not force [want] to take a shape it resists , but perhaps we can slowly remould it .

Trapped on the edges of desire .
trapped on the edges of [want] .

We must continue to intervene in contemporary feminist debates on desire , pleasure , power and image .
we must continue to intervene in contemporary feminist debates on [want] , pleasure , power and image .

Western cultures market desire .
western cultures market [want] .

One of the things that those of us who were involved in local government campaigns were trying to do was to achieve some measure of redistribution in favour of all those lesbians and gays who do not belong to the charmed circles of The Swimming Pool Library — people who have no private income ; people who depend on their jobs and would welcome job security ; people who want council tenancies free of harassment , with friends and lovers of their choice ; people who want to meet others at venues which have disabled access , which are not commercially exploitative and which are run for the benefit of the community ; people who want to display affection or consensual desire publicly without fear of violence or arrest ; people who want to bring up children without intimidation from the courts or social workers ; people who have survived the indoctrination of the education system but do not want to see the next generation of lesbians and gays subjected to the same process ; people who wanted themselves and their lifestyles to be treated with respect by the health services .
one of the things that those of us who were involved in local government campaigns were trying to do was to achieve some measure of redistribution in favour of all those lesbians and gays who do not belong to the charmed circles of the swimming pool library — people who have no private income ; people who depend on their jobs and would welcome job security ; people who want council tenancies free of harassment , with friends and lovers of their choice ; people who want to meet others at venues which have disabled access , which are not commercially exploitative and which are run for the benefit of the community ; people who want to display affection or consensual [want] publicly without fear of violence or arrest ; people who want to bring up children without intimidation from the courts or social workers ; people who have survived the indoctrination of the education system but do not want to see the next generation of lesbians and gays subjected to the same process ; people who wanted themselves and their lifestyles to be treated with respect by the health services .

The sex in porn is a particular kind of sex , that which the prostitute symbolises : sex outside marriage or the bounds of romantic love ; sex as a transaction ; sex with no other context than desire or reward .
the sex in porn is a particular kind of sex , that which the prostitute symbolises : sex outside marriage or the bounds of romantic love ; sex as a transaction ; sex with no other context than [want] or reward .

Of course it is necessary for the prospective student to possess a reasonable amount of intelligence as well as a genuine desire to help others .
of course it is necessary for the prospective student to possess a reasonable amount of intelligence as well as a genuine [want] to help others .

And yet , much as she enjoyed her career and would not want to give it up permanently , she had a great desire for a strong , loving relationship and wanted to have children of her own — something she would never be able to do if her present feelings persisted .
and yet , much as she enjoyed her career and would not want to give it up permanently , she had a great [want] for a strong , loving relationship and wanted to have children of her own — something she would never be able to do if her present feelings persisted .

They do have an inbuilt desire to lay down dominance over one another .
they do have an inbuilt [want] to lay down dominance over one another .

Where one unit is usually sufficient to satisfy the appetite and desire , we tend to keep to just one unit — one apple , one pear , one orange .
where one unit is usually sufficient to satisfy the appetite and [want] , we tend to keep to just one unit — one apple , one pear , one orange .

More scientifically , variety has been found to be a factor in influencing the quantity of food we desire .
more scientifically , variety has been found to be a factor in influencing the quantity of food we [want] .

The rate at which you eat not only strongly influences how much you want to eat but — more surprisingly — it influences the length of time elapsing before you feel the desire to eat again .
the rate at which you eat not only strongly influences how much you want to eat but — more surprisingly — it influences the length of time elapsing before you feel the [want] to eat again .

Our desire for food tends to vary from day to day .
our [want] for food tends to vary from day to day .

There is usually a desire for vinegar , pickles and tasty foods , and a dislike for fat , meat and milk .
there is usually a [want] for vinegar , pickles and tasty foods , and a dislike for fat , meat and milk .

It transpired that what this man really wanted to do was to strangle his mother , a desire which was both socially and morally unacceptable and had therefore to be repressed .
it transpired that what this man really wanted to do was to strangle his mother , a [want] which was both socially and morally unacceptable and had therefore to be repressed .

When the repression mechanism was removed with the acupuncture , the desire to kill had surfaced , but emerged turned against himself .
when the repression mechanism was removed with the acupuncture , the [want] to kill had surfaced , but emerged turned against himself .

According to Carlos Tozzi , the president of the Argentine Rugby Union , they have no desire to trump South Africa 's bid .
according to carlos tozzi , the president of the argentine rugby union , they have no [want] to trump south africa 's bid .

Not all club matches are overflowing with new confidence or a new desire to experiment with tactics beyond safety-first .
not all club matches are overflowing with new confidence or a new [want] to experiment with tactics beyond safety-first .

France was a side torn apart between Trillo 's desire to make risk a factor in the gameplan and Dubroca who , as the spiritual heir to Fouroux , had favoured the safety-first approach , no matter what he may have said in public .
france was a side torn apart between trillo 's [want] to make risk a factor in the gameplan and dubroca who , as the spiritual heir to fouroux , had favoured the safety-first approach , no matter what he may have said in public .

Common undertakings become difficult except for those motivated by a shared desire for protection .
common undertakings become difficult except for those motivated by a shared [want] for protection .

He argued that these were : a desire to secure career advancement or at least not prejudice career chances ; a willingness to push matters in order to measure his own cleverness and particularly dexterity at getting around the rules ; to experience the satisfaction which comes from having the power that goes both with high corporate status and criminally victimizing other organizations or persons ; a need to maintain his position within the peer group or family network .
he argued that these were : a [want] to secure career advancement or at least not prejudice career chances ; a willingness to push matters in order to measure his own cleverness and particularly dexterity at getting around the rules ; to experience the satisfaction which comes from having the power that goes both with high corporate status and criminally victimizing other organizations or persons ; a need to maintain his position within the peer group or family network .

The Black Dog are at the forefront of a pack which often seems to have no desire to come out of the woodwork .
the black dog are at the forefront of a pack which often seems to have no [want] to come out of the woodwork .

‘ He will be nursing a secret desire to try to make amends , even though everyone has reassured him that these things happen .
‘ he will be nursing a secret [want] to try to make amends , even though everyone has reassured him that these things happen .

‘ If my brother Reg wants to buy them he must come up with the money , but there are a number of interested parties , individuals and consortiums who have expressed a desire to take over the club . ’
‘ if my brother reg wants to buy them he must come up with the money , but there are a number of interested parties , individuals and consortiums who have expressed a [want] to take over the club . ’

Then we talk about sexuality — what it means and how to deal with desire .
then we talk about sexuality — what it means and how to deal with [want] .

We have so much in common , particularly our desire to see Mr Major out of No.10 .
we have so much in common , particularly our [want] to see mr major out of no.10 .

The great thick orange-red cloud was leaping up and down in a frenzy of hunger and desire , and the whole forest was echoing with the snorts and growls of the awesome creature .
the great thick orange-red cloud was leaping up and down in a frenzy of hunger and [want] , and the whole forest was echoing with the snorts and growls of the awesome creature .

The general public has a tendency to assume that nurses experience a strong desire to care for others , perhaps believing that many feel a true vocation or ‘ divine call ’ to the work , although it is probably less usual to describe it in these terms today .
the general public has a tendency to assume that nurses experience a strong [want] to care for others , perhaps believing that many feel a true vocation or ‘ divine call ’ to the work , although it is probably less usual to describe it in these terms today .

‘ Where there is much desire to learn there of necessity will be much arguing , much writing , many opinions : for opinion in good men is but knowledge in the making ’ John Milton , 1608–1674
‘ where there is much [want] to learn there of necessity will be much arguing , much writing , many opinions : for opinion in good men is but knowledge in the making ’ john milton , 1608–1674

Defeats to Nottingham Forest and Arsenal have raised question marks over Liverpool 's strength and desire .
defeats to nottingham forest and arsenal have raised question marks over liverpool 's strength and [want] .

Through the whole history of climbing there 's the struggle for risk and the unknown on one side , while on the other you 've got the desire for safety and to have a safety net .
through the whole history of climbing there 's the struggle for risk and the unknown on one side , while on the other you 've got the [want] for safety and to have a safety net .

And you 've also got man 's desire to be sure of achieving success .
and you 've also got man 's [want] to be sure of achieving success .

Soon-Yi said Mia 's claim that Allen had molested his seven-year-old daughter Dylan was ‘ ridiculous ’ and driven by a desire for revenge .
soon-yi said mia 's claim that allen had molested his seven-year-old daughter dylan was ‘ ridiculous ’ and driven by a [want] for revenge .

And he claims he has never had the slightest desire to leave her .
and he claims he has never had the slightest [want] to leave her .

Notwithstanding the merit and extent of his achievements , Gavin Hastings still retains the desire to reach out for the best of which he is capable with as yet undiminished zest : ‘ Unless you set yourself tasks and ambitions , unless you have new targets , there is n't much point in playing .
notwithstanding the merit and extent of his achievements , gavin hastings still retains the [want] to reach out for the best of which he is capable with as yet undiminished zest : ‘ unless you set yourself tasks and ambitions , unless you have new targets , there is n't much point in playing .

Since Palat has no desire to canonise the artist , there is no attempt to trace the origins of his creative genius ; neither does the director explore his subject 's troubled soul .
since palat has no [want] to canonise the artist , there is no attempt to trace the origins of his creative genius ; neither does the director explore his subject 's troubled soul .

Nick Cave performing ‘ The Carny ’ and ‘ From Here To Eternity ’ in Wings Of Desire
nick cave performing ‘ the carny ’ and ‘ from here to eternity ’ in wings of [want]

Once the usual carpetbaggers , liars and opportunists had been discounted , there was a heart-lifting common thread , a real desire to work for a paper promising to lift them out of the cynicism and virtual despair of the current newspaper scene .
once the usual carpetbaggers , liars and opportunists had been discounted , there was a heart-lifting common thread , a real [want] to work for a paper promising to lift them out of the cynicism and virtual despair of the current newspaper scene .

She was hungry , not with a need for food but with a desire for tastes .
she was hungry , not with a need for food but with a [want] for tastes .

But they have gone through an experience of doubt which has purged them forever of the desire to doubt without finding an answer .
but they have gone through an experience of doubt which has purged them forever of the [want] to doubt without finding an answer .

There is no pain of loss in this doubt , no agonizing uncertainty , no straining desire for a solution : The desired goal is not recovery of faith but a respectable cover for retreat from faith .
there is no pain of loss in this doubt , no agonizing uncertainty , no straining [want] for a solution : the desired goal is not recovery of faith but a respectable cover for retreat from faith .

His shortcomings in the world of study and his equally dismal record of sporting achievements did nothing to diminish his desire to perfect his skills of aggression and nastiness .
his shortcomings in the world of study and his equally dismal record of sporting achievements did nothing to diminish his [want] to perfect his skills of aggression and nastiness .

In fact , ‘ Damnation Derek ’ is a Christian who believes in ‘ Witnessing ’ and it is this simple , even commendable desire to tell others about God and all things Christian that has earned him his nickname ( 'Damnation ' is n't his real name — in case you thought he had very unloving parents ! )
in fact , ‘ damnation derek ’ is a christian who believes in ‘ witnessing ’ and it is this simple , even commendable [want] to tell others about god and all things christian that has earned him his nickname ( 'damnation ' is n't his real name — in case you thought he had very unloving parents ! )

The first thing to do , if you are embarking on helping an elderly parent who lives alone , is to make sure that she ( or he ) knows that you have a genuine desire to assist her in every way possible ; and then respect her right to make either a positive or negative response to your overtures .
the first thing to do , if you are embarking on helping an elderly parent who lives alone , is to make sure that she ( or he ) knows that you have a genuine [want] to assist her in every way possible ; and then respect her right to make either a positive or negative response to your overtures .

You may realise that neither of these labels could apply , and that there are just some bad faults on both sides that need putting right , through frank discussion , backed by a genuine desire to make the relationship work .
you may realise that neither of these labels could apply , and that there are just some bad faults on both sides that need putting right , through frank discussion , backed by a genuine [want] to make the relationship work .

Still Damocles worried and pecked , coated with blood and frantic with an apparently unquenchable desire to kill and kill again .
still damocles worried and pecked , coated with blood and frantic with an apparently unquenchable [want] to kill and kill again .

She had a stupid desire to cry .
she had a stupid [want] to cry .

Members are free to work on their own chosen subject if they desire .
members are free to work on their own chosen subject if they [want] .

There is a primitive desire to want to burst textures ’ .
there is a primitive [want] to want to burst textures ’ .

In this ‘ evangelism equals church planting ’ model , the priority may be seen as a desire to make sure every community throughout the earth is covered by a church that is alive and preaching the good news of Jesus Christ .
in this ‘ evangelism equals church planting ’ model , the priority may be seen as a [want] to make sure every community throughout the earth is covered by a church that is alive and preaching the good news of jesus christ .

We had from the outset a desire to cross barriers that had previously existed and to get involved in community groups .
we had from the outset a [want] to cross barriers that had previously existed and to get involved in community groups .

This was the plan : intimate involvement in our community . But almost as soon as our church team was formed , with the desire of being a marvellous example of love in action , we found we could not get on together , let alone with the world ! The new church should not be dismayed at trouble within or without in the early stages : it may well come as a result of being on a collision course with the forces of evil who , putting it bluntly , do not want the new church to survive !
this was the plan : intimate involvement in our community . but almost as soon as our church team was formed , with the [want] of being a marvellous example of love in action , we found we could not get on together , let alone with the world ! the new church should not be dismayed at trouble within or without in the early stages : it may well come as a result of being on a collision course with the forces of evil who , putting it bluntly , do not want the new church to survive !

That these men , and others , have been chosen reflects a growing desire in the local churches for direction .
that these men , and others , have been chosen reflects a growing [want] in the local churches for direction .

But from a pragmatic point of view one of the main motives would have been the desire to plant churches which were capable of reproducing themselves .
but from a pragmatic point of view one of the main motives would have been the [want] to plant churches which were capable of reproducing themselves .

What is behind the bishops ' and archdeacons ' reluctance even to consider breaking up the boundaries seems to be a desire to maintain a mixture of middle , high and low churches and not upset the balance .
what is behind the bishops ' and archdeacons ' reluctance even to consider breaking up the boundaries seems to be a [want] to maintain a mixture of middle , high and low churches and not upset the balance .

The Church of England 's authorities need to be careful lest in their desire to maintain ‘ ethos ’ and ‘ style ’ they miss completely the breath of the Holy Spirit 's life as it blows past them .
the church of england 's authorities need to be careful lest in their [want] to maintain ‘ ethos ’ and ‘ style ’ they miss completely the breath of the holy spirit 's life as it blows past them .

Taken in a more generous light , there may be a concern here not to throw out hundreds of years of wisdom and depth in a desire to be trendy .
taken in a more generous light , there may be a concern here not to throw out hundreds of years of wisdom and depth in a [want] to be trendy .

It may be asked , if there is among Anglican church planters a hesitation about wearing robes and if there is a positive desire to adapt the liturgy of the Church of England , why and in what way can they say that they remain Anglican ?
it may be asked , if there is among anglican church planters a hesitation about wearing robes and if there is a positive [want] to adapt the liturgy of the church of england , why and in what way can they say that they remain anglican ?

At this point in our communion with God a desire for repentance and confession will mingle with a sense of confident expectancy and joy at being a son , a daughter . The psalmist expects a response that is physical as he invites the worshippers :
at this point in our communion with god a [want] for repentance and confession will mingle with a sense of confident expectancy and joy at being a son , a daughter . the psalmist expects a response that is physical as he invites the worshippers :

’ Usually the answer is Yes , and if so , then we can say : ‘ Earnestly desire to prophesy .
’ usually the answer is yes , and if so , then we can say : ‘ earnestly [want] to prophesy .

The apostle Paul , while encouraging the Corinthians earnestly to desire spiritual gifts , especially that they might prophesy , has another conviction about what will build up the church , namely , the preaching and teaching of scripture . This he expresses forcefully to Timothy when he says , in 1 Timothy 4:13 ,
the apostle paul , while encouraging the corinthians earnestly to [want] spiritual gifts , especially that they might prophesy , has another conviction about what will build up the church , namely , the preaching and teaching of scripture . this he expresses forcefully to timothy when he says , in 1 timothy 4:13 ,

Most of the new churches will have a desire to be involved in their community .
most of the new churches will have a [want] to be involved in their community .

There is a growing desire in the churches for holiness , and that holiness will be marked by prayer .
there is a growing [want] in the churches for holiness , and that holiness will be marked by prayer .

It was puzzling : neither of them expressed any desire actually to see their origins again .
it was puzzling : neither of them expressed any [want] actually to see their origins again .

Turning to face her , he was visited suddenly , not by desire , but by a memory , inconveniently intense , of the desire he had once felt for her .
turning to face her , he was visited suddenly , not by [want] , but by a memory , inconveniently intense , of the [want] he had once felt for her .

Crime of one with a burning desire
crime of one with a burning [want]

• What your intense desire for Jim tells me is that you are a highly sexual person : one who has managed to heal herself after a difficult marriage and who 's now ready for a physical relationship .
• what your intense [want] for jim tells me is that you are a highly sexual person : one who has managed to heal herself after a difficult marriage and who 's now ready for a physical relationship .

Love for him , and her long-held desire for a family .
love for him , and her long-held [want] for a family .

There is , as one study concluded , ‘ an overwhelming desire to shop and live in conditions free from disturbance and interference from traffic ’ ( Figure 2.1 ) .
there is , as one study concluded , ‘ an overwhelming [want] to shop and live in conditions free from disturbance and interference from traffic ’ ( figure 2.1 ) .

Whilst the international transferability of traffic restraint ideas has not been questioned , there has been a desire to evaluate results of specific measures and approaches .
whilst the international transferability of traffic restraint ideas has not been questioned , there has been a [want] to evaluate results of specific measures and approaches .

Heat and rage built in his body , such rage , swirling through the clouds of kif , that it was blinding , fiercer than desire for an instant , so he lost his rhythm , misjudged his pace .
heat and rage built in his body , such rage , swirling through the clouds of kif , that it was blinding , fiercer than [want] for an instant , so he lost his rhythm , misjudged his pace .

Contemporary perception was influenced by immediate demands and needs and these served indirectly to reinforce the determination to play a leading role in the world — a determination based on desire rather than understanding .
contemporary perception was influenced by immediate demands and needs and these served indirectly to reinforce the determination to play a leading role in the world — a determination based on [want] rather than understanding .

During the post-war period , therefore , there was widening dichotomy between a desire for central planning and the pressures for decontrol and a return to a free market .
during the post-war period , therefore , there was widening dichotomy between a [want] for central planning and the pressures for decontrol and a return to a free market .

In sharp contrast there has been an attempt to argue that Britain 's adherence to the sterling area was not determined by an anachronistic desire to play a world role , combined with a suspicious prejudice against integration with Europe , but was the result of a careful balancing of post-war economic needs [ Newton , 1984 ] .
in sharp contrast there has been an attempt to argue that britain 's adherence to the sterling area was not determined by an anachronistic [want] to play a world role , combined with a suspicious prejudice against integration with europe , but was the result of a careful balancing of post-war economic needs [ newton , 1984 ] .

It was based on a fusion of the commitment to full employment and a desire to promote consumer choice .
it was based on a fusion of the commitment to full employment and a [want] to promote consumer choice .

The main reason for general practitioners ' enthusiasm for counselling may well be a desire to reduce contact with and responsibility for a very demanding group of patients .
the main reason for general practitioners ' enthusiasm for counselling may well be a [want] to reduce contact with and responsibility for a very demanding group of patients .

He was sitting with Mick at the top of a hill and he was wishing with a deep desire that he could remain in time , this present time , forever .
he was sitting with mick at the top of a hill and he was wishing with a deep [want] that he could remain in time , this present time , forever .

Whether Mick would have proposed this he did not know ; he only knew that the desire had been there ; but it seemed to be the pattern that she and her uncle left together at dinnertime .
whether mick would have proposed this he did not know ; he only knew that the [want] had been there ; but it seemed to be the pattern that she and her uncle left together at dinnertime .

‘ No , Len , no desire . ’
‘ no , len , no [want] . ’

During the silence that followed Joe experienced the most odd feeling , for he had the desire to reach out across the table and to take her hand : not Maggie 's , but this woman 's , the hand of this woman who would never see sixty again .
during the silence that followed joe experienced the most odd feeling , for he had the [want] to reach out across the table and to take her hand : not maggie 's , but this woman 's , the hand of this woman who would never see sixty again .

Still rubbing away at the counter , Maggie had to resist the desire to turn round and bring the wet cloth across the beautiful face to the side of her .
still rubbing away at the counter , maggie had to resist the [want] to turn round and bring the wet cloth across the beautiful face to the side of her .

And should you — like the peacock — desire to spread your wings , then all India lies before you , from the historic glories of the Moghul north to the sun-soaked beaches of the south .
and should you — like the peacock — [want] to spread your wings , then all india lies before you , from the historic glories of the moghul north to the sun-soaked beaches of the south .

We are addressing this desire to explore with the introduction of the new Little Harbor 58 , an innovative yacht with a draft of just 4′ 10″ .
we are addressing this [want] to explore with the introduction of the new little harbor 58 , an innovative yacht with a draft of just 4′ 10″ .

Cranmer had no desire to make the Anglican Church national in doctrine and ritual but only in jurisdiction .
cranmer had no [want] to make the anglican church national in doctrine and ritual but only in jurisdiction .

Between this world and that of Grace and on his desire to praise God , which is constantly thwarted by a sense of inability and corruption .
between this world and that of grace and on his [want] to praise god , which is constantly thwarted by a sense of inability and corruption .

Nicholas believed that ‘ No man can so much advance his own good and happiness in anything as endeavouring all that in him lies the good and welfare of others ; and who doth that daily doth perform the greatest good to himself as he can desire or wish for .
nicholas believed that ‘ no man can so much advance his own good and happiness in anything as endeavouring all that in him lies the good and welfare of others ; and who doth that daily doth perform the greatest good to himself as he can [want] or wish for .

Far from leading a more Christian life , Margery after her breakdown thought only of outdoing her neighbours , for ‘ all her desire was to be worshipped by the people ’ .
far from leading a more christian life , margery after her breakdown thought only of outdoing her neighbours , for ‘ all her [want] was to be worshipped by the people ’ .

Her desire to kiss lepers probably originated in the story of St Katherine , which she would hear read on the appropriate feast-day in church .
her [want] to kiss lepers probably originated in the story of st katherine , which she would hear read on the appropriate feast-day in church .

Members are free to work on their own chosen subject if they desire .
members are free to work on their own chosen subject if they [want] .

There is a primitive desire to want to burst textures ’ .
there is a primitive [want] to want to burst textures ’ .

we have been impressed by the degree to which the desire to help is inhibited in practice by a reluctance to intrude oneself into other people 's lives .
we have been impressed by the degree to which the [want] to help is inhibited in practice by a reluctance to intrude oneself into other people 's lives .

These are the ideas of consciousness , desire , attachment , and suffering .
these are the ideas of consciousness , [want] , attachment , and suffering .

For our purposes it may be more helpful to use the idea of desire when assessing elders .
for our purposes it may be more helpful to use the idea of [want] when assessing elders .

All cultural norms about basic needs for food , shelter and so on are seen by contrast as expressions of subjective desire , even though these desires will have been shaped by the standards of a particular society .
all cultural norms about basic needs for food , shelter and so on are seen by contrast as expressions of subjective [want] , even though these desires will have been shaped by the standards of a particular society .

Unless this attention is given , practitioners will be unwittingly reinforcing the widespread depressed level of desire found in elderly clients .
unless this attention is given , practitioners will be unwittingly reinforcing the widespread depressed level of [want] found in elderly clients .

Going to the shops may be done in such an automatic way as to not seem to be the fulfilment of desire at all .
going to the shops may be done in such an automatic way as to not seem to be the fulfilment of [want] at all .

Even so , a link between desire and routine behaviour should be noted as an important element in preserving the right of elders to ‘ want something ’ , and thus to avoid depersonalising them .
even so , a link between [want] and routine behaviour should be noted as an important element in preserving the right of elders to ‘ want something ’ , and thus to avoid depersonalising them .

An elder 's unconscious may contain a lifetime 's thwarted desire in the form of unresolved suffering and pain .
an elder 's unconscious may contain a lifetime 's thwarted [want] in the form of unresolved suffering and pain .

This may be contributing to current depression of desire and loss of human potency .
this may be contributing to current depression of [want] and loss of human potency .

In this way basic existential security may be maintained , but at the cost of being less able to desire new attachments to new objects .
in this way basic existential security may be maintained , but at the cost of being less able to [want] new attachments to new objects .

For elders with histories of secure attachments , a diminished capacity to desire new attachments may be accepted sagely as age-appropriate — or feared and rejected as an unwelcome sign of old age and impending death .
for elders with histories of secure attachments , a diminished capacity to [want] new attachments may be accepted sagely as age-appropriate — or feared and rejected as an unwelcome sign of old age and impending death .

Without desire there can be no attachment and so no loss and corresponding suffering .
without [want] there can be no attachment and so no loss and corresponding suffering .

Any suffering experienced can be valued as a means of learning about desire and selflessness .
any suffering experienced can be valued as a means of learning about [want] and selflessness .

Published reports reveal the greater desire for detail and the development of new techniques to cope with the particular problems of early Anglo-Saxon cemeteries .
published reports reveal the greater [want] for detail and the development of new techniques to cope with the particular problems of early anglo-saxon cemeteries .

There are growing signs of a desire to abandon the descriptive approach to this material and to examine unknown fields rather than continuing to prove by alternative means what is already known .
there are growing signs of a [want] to abandon the descriptive approach to this material and to examine unknown fields rather than continuing to prove by alternative means what is already known .

Essentials that were not available locally and the growing desire for non-essentials must have been satisfied by surplus produce .
essentials that were not available locally and the growing [want] for non-essentials must have been satisfied by surplus produce .

What really helps that difficult decision to let one out into the world , though , is a desire to spoil oneself , not the machine .
what really helps that difficult decision to let one out into the world , though , is a [want] to spoil oneself , not the machine .

She suppressed a terrible desire to fold her arms and break into a hornpipe .
she suppressed a terrible [want] to fold her arms and break into a hornpipe .

Drew looked at Daisy incredulously , torn between rage and a desire to laugh .
drew looked at daisy incredulously , torn between rage and a [want] to laugh .

Trace , suspecting Randy 's incessant baiting might have some basis in desire , stepped up the spite .
trace , suspecting randy 's incessant baiting might have some basis in [want] , stepped up the spite .

But the Wordsworths ' desire to continue the acquaintance was so strong that on July 14th they rented Alfoxden House , in a village three miles off .
but the wordsworths ' [want] to continue the acquaintance was so strong that on july 14th they rented alfoxden house , in a village three miles off .

He wanted to get away from the imagination , away from the vague glamour of medieval things , from reverence for tradition , from mysticism , enthusiasm and gloire ; away from all private visionary insights and down to the plain , measurable , publicly verifiable facts ; and this desire was central to his whole mission as a philosopher and reformer .
he wanted to get away from the imagination , away from the vague glamour of medieval things , from reverence for tradition , from mysticism , enthusiasm and gloire ; away from all private visionary insights and down to the plain , measurable , publicly verifiable facts ; and this [want] was central to his whole mission as a philosopher and reformer .

Many explanations have been given for the careful measurements and statistical information so frequent in Wordsworth 's early poetry , for example : but surely even this may ultimately go back to a desire to placate the scientific and Lockean tradition .
many explanations have been given for the careful measurements and statistical information so frequent in wordsworth 's early poetry , for example : but surely even this may ultimately go back to a [want] to placate the scientific and lockean tradition .

Firstly , the desire to find good integer solutions so that the enumeration tree can be severely pruned .
firstly , the [want] to find good integer solutions so that the enumeration tree can be severely pruned .

The shadow budget 's tax bands gave Labour the look of punitive vindictiveness : it drew the line where , realistically , it reckoned people could afford it , forgetting that in post-Thatcher Britain , people calculate their tax liabilities not on what they actually earn , but how much they hope , desire or aspire to earn in the very near future .
the shadow budget 's tax bands gave labour the look of punitive vindictiveness : it drew the line where , realistically , it reckoned people could afford it , forgetting that in post-thatcher britain , people calculate their tax liabilities not on what they actually earn , but how much they hope , [want] or aspire to earn in the very near future .

His meritocratic ‘ decency ’ registers with extraordinary precision exactly that balance between the desire for a more ‘ caring ’ self-image , which led committed Thatcherites , with heavy hearts , to ditch Mrs Thatcher , and that deeply self-interested calculation , which remains her enduring contribution .
his meritocratic ‘ decency ’ registers with extraordinary precision exactly that balance between the [want] for a more ‘ caring ’ self-image , which led committed thatcherites , with heavy hearts , to ditch mrs thatcher , and that deeply self-interested calculation , which remains her enduring contribution .

It is not simply ideas of fairness that move the public , but a desire for representative government .
it is not simply ideas of fairness that move the public , but a [want] for representative government .

To understand that stupid , stubborn , eternal desire to light up , it is necessary to understand the special romantic pull that smoking exerts for the left .
to understand that stupid , stubborn , eternal [want] to light up , it is necessary to understand the special romantic pull that smoking exerts for the left .

They clambered up onto the floor , followed eagerly by George who practically fell over them in his clumsy desire to get in .
they clambered up onto the floor , followed eagerly by george who practically fell over them in his clumsy [want] to get in .

This document makes several specific recommendations on pay and the desire to link it to performance .
this document makes several specific recommendations on pay and the [want] to link it to performance .

Most women with bulimia , particularly those with a history of anorexia , have a compelling desire to be thinner .
most women with bulimia , particularly those with a history of anorexia , have a compelling [want] to be thinner .

When you feel a desire to break free , gently stretch out — feel the cocoon easily ripping open , letting in the sunlight .
when you feel a [want] to break free , gently stretch out — feel the cocoon easily ripping open , letting in the sunlight .

Instead focus on it , think about it , feel it , desire it .
instead focus on it , think about it , feel it , [want] it .

When parents or teachers mock our desire to become a deep-sea diver , an opera singer or a portrait artist , and encourage us to have more ‘ sensible ’ ambitions — perhaps to become a nurse , bank clerk or accountant — we obediently wrap up our fantasies with a label which reads ‘ This is an impossible dream ’ , and so fail to take any steps to make those dreams come true .
when parents or teachers mock our [want] to become a deep-sea diver , an opera singer or a portrait artist , and encourage us to have more ‘ sensible ’ ambitions — perhaps to become a nurse , bank clerk or accountant — we obediently wrap up our fantasies with a label which reads ‘ this is an impossible dream ’ , and so fail to take any steps to make those dreams come true .

Whatever you desire , the first step towards creating this new reality is to clarify what you want :
whatever you [want] , the first step towards creating this new reality is to clarify what you want :

If we desire something which opposes a current belief , we set up an inner conflict — so look carefully at your beliefs in this area of your life . Which beliefs or attitudes might block or limit this particular dream ?
if we [want] something which opposes a current belief , we set up an inner conflict — so look carefully at your beliefs in this area of your life . which beliefs or attitudes might block or limit this particular dream ?

Desire , imagine and expect .
[want] , imagine and expect .

Whatever we imagine , expect and desire ( or fear ) will be ‘ magically ’ attracted into our lives .
whatever we imagine , expect and [want] ( or fear ) will be ‘ magically ’ attracted into our lives .

Creating our own reality , then , involves making positive use of our desire , imagination and expectancy .
creating our own reality , then , involves making positive use of our [want] , imagination and expectancy .

Now , for just a few minutes at a time , focus on this image — and stir in desire .
now , for just a few minutes at a time , focus on this image — and stir in [want] .

Feel your desire for this Dream intensely , in every atom of your body — stopping just short of desperation .
feel your [want] for this dream intensely , in every atom of your body — stopping just short of desperation .

Whenever you have a few moments , just ‘ flash ’ this image inside your head , feeling your desire .
whenever you have a few moments , just ‘ flash ’ this image inside your head , feeling your [want] .

Whatever we honestly desire , imagine and expect — so long as it does not conflict with our thoughts , beliefs and attitudes — will happen .
whatever we honestly [want] , imagine and expect — so long as it does not conflict with our thoughts , beliefs and attitudes — will happen .

As you drive into town on a busy day , just remember the three key words — desire , imagination and expectancy .
as you drive into town on a busy day , just remember the three key words — [want] , imagination and expectancy .

There are countless different techniques for manifesting what we want , using the tools of desire , imagination and expectancy . Here are three simple but powerful techniques which Lazaris suggests ' :
there are countless different techniques for manifesting what we want , using the tools of [want] , imagination and expectancy . here are three simple but powerful techniques which lazaris suggests ' :

Then visualise your Dream for exactly 33 seconds ( for maximum effect ) with all the joy , desire , bliss and thrill of anticipation that you can conjure up .
then visualise your dream for exactly 33 seconds ( for maximum effect ) with all the joy , [want] , bliss and thrill of anticipation that you can conjure up .

Now , along with your helpers , begin to raise that cone of light , little by little , by focusing upon it and feeling your desire .
now , along with your helpers , begin to raise that cone of light , little by little , by focusing upon it and feeling your [want] .

Allow the energy to build and build , pouring your intense desire and imagination into the cone , knowing that your helpers are focusing too .
allow the energy to build and build , pouring your intense [want] and imagination into the cone , knowing that your helpers are focusing too .

Whatever you desire , start thinking and acting as though it were already true — in whatever small ways are possible .
whatever you [want] , start thinking and acting as though it were already true — in whatever small ways are possible .

If you desire a loving , intimate relationship , ask yourself how you would think , feel and behave if you were in that relationship — and do it now .
if you [want] a loving , intimate relationship , ask yourself how you would think , feel and behave if you were in that relationship — and do it now .

The Ego wants a loving relationship with the sole aim of feeling ‘ special ’ to someone — not from a desire to be loving and to be truly intimate .
the ego wants a loving relationship with the sole aim of feeling ‘ special ’ to someone — not from a [want] to be loving and to be truly intimate .

Now look at how you created those successes . What were your positive beliefs and attitudes ? Thinking back , did you use desire , imagination and expectancy ? How did you succeed ? What can you learn from those successes ?
now look at how you created those successes . what were your positive beliefs and attitudes ? thinking back , did you use [want] , imagination and expectancy ? how did you succeed ? what can you learn from those successes ?

Or maybe you have a desire to ‘ expose ’ yourself in some way — perhaps as an artist or politician — but are blocking yourself through fear of humiliation or rejection ?
or maybe you have a [want] to ‘ expose ’ yourself in some way — perhaps as an artist or politician — but are blocking yourself through fear of humiliation or rejection ?

Were you acting from your inner Child 's desperate desire for love ?
were you acting from your inner child 's desperate [want] for love ?

Every day , we can make choices based upon our fears — or choices based upon our desire for growth .
every day , we can make choices based upon our fears — or choices based upon our [want] for growth .

Finally , visualise the positive outcome that you desire : perhaps confirmation that you are 100 per cent fit , that you have passed your exams , or that your finances are secure .
finally , visualise the positive outcome that you [want] : perhaps confirmation that you are 100 per cent fit , that you have passed your exams , or that your finances are secure .

In fact , it does not desire intimacy at all .
in fact , it does not [want] intimacy at all .

His only desire was for security .
his only [want] was for security .

This mutation takes two forms , which have little or nothing in common except the need or desire to control state policy : national separatism and national xenophobia , which means being against foreigners by setting up ‘ our ’ own state , and being against them by excluding them from ‘ our ’ already existing state .
this mutation takes two forms , which have little or nothing in common except the need or [want] to control state policy : national separatism and national xenophobia , which means being against foreigners by setting up ‘ our ’ own state , and being against them by excluding them from ‘ our ’ already existing state .

These critics see no excitement or meaning in the tropes of darkness , sexuality and desire in Ernest Hemingway or in his cast of black men .
these critics see no excitement or meaning in the tropes of darkness , sexuality and [want] in ernest hemingway or in his cast of black men .

The problem with the Hollywood film industry was not so much its desire for profit as its concern with other things , such as power , responsibility and morality .
the problem with the hollywood film industry was not so much its [want] for profit as its concern with other things , such as power , responsibility and morality .

However , by simply being Mr Decent , ie by not declaring a desire to eliminate his opponents , or referring to expressions of social concern as ‘ drooling and drivelling ’ and people who care as ‘ moaning minnies ’ , John Major had put down a slender but steady plank for enough people to cross from a public culture of concern and responsibility to a private preference for Conservative government .
however , by simply being mr decent , ie by not declaring a [want] to eliminate his opponents , or referring to expressions of social concern as ‘ drooling and drivelling ’ and people who care as ‘ moaning minnies ’ , john major had put down a slender but steady plank for enough people to cross from a public culture of concern and responsibility to a private preference for conservative government .

Her palette of evocative earth and sea tones also seemed to link her to an English landscape tradition , and her work was included in a group show at the Serpentine Gallery in 1984 entitled Landscape , Memory and Desire .
her palette of evocative earth and sea tones also seemed to link her to an english landscape tradition , and her work was included in a group show at the serpentine gallery in 1984 entitled landscape , memory and [want] .

Hypatia Bradlaugh said the only constant element was Besant 's desire for prominence in whatever party she joined .
hypatia bradlaugh said the only constant element was besant 's [want] for prominence in whatever party she joined .

Joseph Chamberlain , not Sidney Webb , was the man of her dreams ; but though she has been credited with overcoming romantic desire for the sake of her own independence , it is clear that she desperately wanted him to propose , with her eyes set on his becoming prime minister .
joseph chamberlain , not sidney webb , was the man of her dreams ; but though she has been credited with overcoming romantic [want] for the sake of her own independence , it is clear that she desperately wanted him to propose , with her eyes set on his becoming prime minister .

But here , the desire for individuation and rebirth collides with another of the author 's favourite themes : the futility , even the danger , of jettisoning one 's history .
but here , the [want] for individuation and rebirth collides with another of the author 's favourite themes : the futility , even the danger , of jettisoning one 's history .

Has the Russian spring been done to death in literature ? Tolstaya buffs it to a new shine : ‘ The wind droned in the trees and water flew in the wind , and birds , cawing , bushed in billows in transparent trees , on rusty domes ; clear puddles trembled , reflecting the lights of stands selling dumplings , vodka and meat pies ; and alarm , life and desire breathed , smiled , and ran in the air — common property , unclaimed , no-one 's . ’ ( ‘ Limpopo ’ )
has the russian spring been done to death in literature ? tolstaya buffs it to a new shine : ‘ the wind droned in the trees and water flew in the wind , and birds , cawing , bushed in billows in transparent trees , on rusty domes ; clear puddles trembled , reflecting the lights of stands selling dumplings , vodka and meat pies ; and alarm , life and [want] breathed , smiled , and ran in the air — common property , unclaimed , no-one 's . ’ ( ‘ limpopo ’ )

As Gallie puts it , summarising Mallet , ‘ Integration , in the sense of identification with the enterprise and its overall performance , becomes then a necessary corollary of the desire to further one 's own interests ’ ( Gallie 1978 , 18 ) .
as gallie puts it , summarising mallet , ‘ integration , in the sense of identification with the enterprise and its overall performance , becomes then a necessary corollary of the [want] to further one 's own interests ’ ( gallie 1978 , 18 ) .

It may be that , in his desire to show how little support his findings give for the Blauner and Mallet theses about the determining influence of technology , Gallie underplays the role technology can play .
it may be that , in his [want] to show how little support his findings give for the blauner and mallet theses about the determining influence of technology , gallie underplays the role technology can play .

As individual craftsmen neither had the desire nor the capital to pay for development work on machinery suitable for small-scale home-based use , factory-based manufacture would have become relatively more efficient over time as the technology was developed .
as individual craftsmen neither had the [want] nor the capital to pay for development work on machinery suitable for small-scale home-based use , factory-based manufacture would have become relatively more efficient over time as the technology was developed .

He concludes , therefore , that for the twin reasons of the capitalist 's desire to force high output from individual labourers and to prevent labourers from setting up in competition , a pattern of work organisation emerged in the early cotton industry that was characterised by intensive working in factories , with individuals performing fragmented tasks .
he concludes , therefore , that for the twin reasons of the capitalist 's [want] to force high output from individual labourers and to prevent labourers from setting up in competition , a pattern of work organisation emerged in the early cotton industry that was characterised by intensive working in factories , with individuals performing fragmented tasks .

Given this opposition of interests , management will desire better knowledge of worker performance in order to ensure higher output .
given this opposition of interests , management will [want] better knowledge of worker performance in order to ensure higher output .

While Marglin emphasises the way in which technology has been developed to meet the requirements of large-scale factory production , Braverman suggests that technological developments are also shaped by management 's desire to split conception from execution .
while marglin emphasises the way in which technology has been developed to meet the requirements of large-scale factory production , braverman suggests that technological developments are also shaped by management 's [want] to split conception from execution .

Amongst these bodies there was a unanimous desire for changes in the laws that dealt with children .
amongst these bodies there was a unanimous [want] for changes in the laws that dealt with children .

1881 Caption — Mamma ( to Mabel , who has expressed a desire to see the boundary of Sussex and Surrey ) .
1881 caption — mamma ( to mabel , who has expressed a [want] to see the boundary of sussex and surrey ) .

Ronnie Hodgins , senior lecturer in charge of knitwear at the college , says ‘ This course offers a unique experience to people of any age who have a desire to be creative .
ronnie hodgins , senior lecturer in charge of knitwear at the college , says ‘ this course offers a unique experience to people of any age who have a [want] to be creative .

Few pilots are in this game for the glory or so — called glamour , but because we are inextricably dedicated to the sport of aerobatics , and we have an insatiable desire to one day bring home a Gold , Silver or even a Bronze . Surely that ca n't be so offensive ?
few pilots are in this game for the glory or so — called glamour , but because we are inextricably dedicated to the sport of aerobatics , and we have an insatiable [want] to one day bring home a gold , silver or even a bronze . surely that ca n't be so offensive ?

The ancient Spartan cult paid Eros great homage , regarding him as a great creative force in men 's lives , the builder of dynasties and the establisher of friendships , as well as the creator of sexual desire .
the ancient spartan cult paid eros great homage , regarding him as a great creative force in men 's lives , the builder of dynasties and the establisher of friendships , as well as the creator of sexual [want] .

Along with Erzulie , the goddess of erotic love , Ghede is noted for his unpredictable obscenity , behaviour which his acolytes imitate at secret rites where they raise the dead , fly through the air and supply love potions and death spells to those who desire them .
along with erzulie , the goddess of erotic love , ghede is noted for his unpredictable obscenity , behaviour which his acolytes imitate at secret rites where they raise the dead , fly through the air and supply love potions and death spells to those who [want] them .

The Hindu god of love , Kama is the husband of Rati , the goddess of sensual desire .
the hindu god of love , kama is the husband of rati , the goddess of sensual [want] .

The soldiers happily carried out their orders and , having lost their fruit , the inhabitants soon lost their desire for rebellion .
the soldiers happily carried out their orders and , having lost their fruit , the inhabitants soon lost their [want] for rebellion .

If there is a desire to go down this road it has to be said it may not be as easy as it might at first seem .
if there is a [want] to go down this road it has to be said it may not be as easy as it might at first seem .

Quite apart from the desire for steady and precise steering qualities as offered by the conical camber of the Rogallo sail forms , there always have been kite flyers who were less interested in ‘ Figurekiting ’ and more inclined to the spectacular fast flying trains of smaller kites with linked bridles .
quite apart from the [want] for steady and precise steering qualities as offered by the conical camber of the rogallo sail forms , there always have been kite flyers who were less interested in ‘ figurekiting ’ and more inclined to the spectacular fast flying trains of smaller kites with linked bridles .

There was no desire left in her and she shook her head .
there was no [want] left in her and she shook her head .

Whatever their riders might desire , those English mounts broke , reared , panicked , cannoned into one another to get out of the way , and doing so caused utter confusion and collapse amongst the enemy .
whatever their riders might [want] , those english mounts broke , reared , panicked , cannoned into one another to get out of the way , and doing so caused utter confusion and collapse amongst the enemy .

‘ She will aid in this strengthening and building , which the English desire , encourage it indeed .
‘ she will aid in this strengthening and building , which the english [want] , encourage it indeed .

Government spokesmen expressed a desire to spread television to rural areas .
government spokesmen expressed a [want] to spread television to rural areas .

It should not be assumed — though in the literature on the subject it often is — that political élites necessarily desire an effective means of mass communication or have any clear policy on how to use it .
it should not be assumed — though in the literature on the subject it often is — that political élites necessarily [want] an effective means of mass communication or have any clear policy on how to use it .

Assume for example that Ford and General Motors between them are in a position to buy up the Great Lakes and pollute them as much as they desire in order to reduce the costs against such an action .
assume for example that ford and general motors between them are in a position to buy up the great lakes and pollute them as much as they [want] in order to reduce the costs against such an action .

We explored various explanations of the present situation — such as Schumpeter 's analysis , the growth of government and the role of technology as an autonomous and primary force — and concluded that the root of the problem lay in the basic tension within humanism — the prevailing philosophy today in the Western world — namely the conflict between the desire to control and the desire to be free .
we explored various explanations of the present situation — such as schumpeter 's analysis , the growth of government and the role of technology as an autonomous and primary force — and concluded that the root of the problem lay in the basic tension within humanism — the prevailing philosophy today in the western world — namely the conflict between the [want] to control and the [want] to be free .

Because of the capitalist 's desire for profit and wealth Marx develops a number of arguments to show that the system can not survive .
because of the capitalist 's [want] for profit and wealth marx develops a number of arguments to show that the system can not survive .

We explored various explanations of the present situation — such as Schumpeter 's analysis , the growth of government and the role of technology as an autonomous and primary force — and concluded that the root of the problem lay in a basic tension within humanism ( the prevailing philosophy today in the Western world ) namely between the desire to control and the desire to be free .
we explored various explanations of the present situation — such as schumpeter 's analysis , the growth of government and the role of technology as an autonomous and primary force — and concluded that the root of the problem lay in a basic tension within humanism ( the prevailing philosophy today in the western world ) namely between the [want] to control and the [want] to be free .

If we accept therefore that man is created with a desire to work , subject to a charge to control and harness the earth , it follows that the process of wealth creation is something intrinsic to a Christian view of the world .
if we accept therefore that man is created with a [want] to work , subject to a charge to control and harness the earth , it follows that the process of wealth creation is something intrinsic to a christian view of the world .

The Tenth Commandment , ‘ Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour 's house ’ , recognises that the quite legitimate desire for prosperity and ownership may be misdirected .
the tenth commandment , ‘ thou shalt not covet thy neighbour 's house ’ , recognises that the quite legitimate [want] for prosperity and ownership may be misdirected .

The major reason for limited liability was not the desire of business firms to expand but the need to find relatively safe investments for the funds of small savers .
the major reason for limited liability was not the [want] of business firms to expand but the need to find relatively safe investments for the funds of small savers .

The question of those who actually suffer from poverty should be considered separately from that of the true working classes , whose desire for a larger share of the wealth is of a different character .
the question of those who actually suffer from poverty should be considered separately from that of the true working classes , whose [want] for a larger share of the wealth is of a different character .

She also had a great interest in the English language and a strong desire to work with people .
she also had a great interest in the english language and a strong [want] to work with people .

People stuck in an aggressive pattern of behaviour often have a very strong desire to win and will do all sorts of things to achieve this .
people stuck in an aggressive pattern of behaviour often have a very strong [want] to win and will do all sorts of things to achieve this .

She roused increasing desire in him ; he thought of her in the night , when his abstruse reflections on the day 's work were done .
she roused increasing [want] in him ; he thought of her in the night , when his abstruse reflections on the day 's work were done .

Whenever he had leisure after that Paul worked on it ; but the Professor began to show a marked desire for his company , and took him with him to other houses where he would hear interesting talk of the kind that stimulated him .
whenever he had leisure after that paul worked on it ; but the professor began to show a marked [want] for his company , and took him with him to other houses where he would hear interesting talk of the kind that stimulated him .

He concealed his identity with such success that his desire to remain hidden was probably deliberate .
he concealed his identity with such success that his [want] to remain hidden was probably deliberate .

For the same reason they understand why Gandalf tells Frodo not to use the Ring ( use always causes addiction ) ; why Sam , Bilbo and Frodo nevertheless survive their use of it ( addiction in early stages is curable ) ; why Boromir succumbs to the Ring without handling it ( use has to be preceded by desire ) ; and why Faramir can shrug it off ( a wise person is capable of stifling the desire to become addicted , though no wisdom will stifle addiction once contracted ) .
for the same reason they understand why gandalf tells frodo not to use the ring ( use always causes addiction ) ; why sam , bilbo and frodo nevertheless survive their use of it ( addiction in early stages is curable ) ; why boromir succumbs to the ring without handling it ( use has to be preceded by [want] ) ; and why faramir can shrug it off ( a wise person is capable of stifling the [want] to become addicted , though no wisdom will stifle addiction once contracted ) .

Perhaps the same thing happened to him on Weathertop , where he put the Ring on as the Ringwraiths closed in , but the words used there are ‘ temptation ’ and ‘ desire ’ — ‘ his terror was swallowed up in a sudden temptation to put on the Ring .
perhaps the same thing happened to him on weathertop , where he put the ring on as the ringwraiths closed in , but the words used there are ‘ temptation ’ and ‘ [want] ’ — ‘ his terror was swallowed up in a sudden temptation to put on the ring .

The desire to do this laid hold of him , and he could think of nothing else .
the [want] to do this laid hold of him , and he could think of nothing else .

There is something suggestive also in Saruman 's notorious ‘ voice ’ , which always seems ‘ wise and reasonable ’ , and wakes desire in others ‘ by swift agreement to seem wise themselves ’ .
there is something suggestive also in saruman 's notorious ‘ voice ’ , which always seems ‘ wise and reasonable ’ , and wakes [want] in others ‘ by swift agreement to seem wise themselves ’ .

As is well known , Tolkien 's grand design , or desire , was to give back to his own country the legends that had been taken from it in the Dark Ages after the Conquest , when elves and woodwoses and sigelhearwan too had all been forced into oblivion .
as is well known , tolkien 's grand design , or [want] , was to give back to his own country the legends that had been taken from it in the dark ages after the conquest , when elves and woodwoses and sigelhearwan too had all been forced into oblivion .

He began to smile from exactly the motive Adam had attributed to him , a desire to ingratiate and to defend himself , to turn away wrath .
he began to smile from exactly the motive adam had attributed to him , a [want] to ingratiate and to defend himself , to turn away wrath .

He looked forward to this drink , the first of the day , with a sensuous desire .
he looked forward to this drink , the first of the day , with a sensuous [want] .

He asked himself how accurate his memory in fact was , how much time and a desire to repudiate the past had blocked off .
he asked himself how accurate his memory in fact was , how much time and a [want] to repudiate the past had blocked off .

So he had no recourse to masturbation that afternoon but went back into the lake instead , which was cold enough to supply one of the well-known Victorian antidotes to sexual desire .
so he had no recourse to masturbation that afternoon but went back into the lake instead , which was cold enough to supply one of the well-known victorian antidotes to sexual [want] .

The realization resulted in a leap of desire that was brought about as much by Rufus , by the recollection of their slippery , buoyant contact beneath the water , as by the sight of Mary as Rufus untied the knot on her neck and slid the halter top down with his hands .
the realization resulted in a leap of [want] that was brought about as much by rufus , by the recollection of their slippery , buoyant contact beneath the water , as by the sight of mary as rufus untied the knot on her neck and slid the halter top down with his hands .

Whether his object in doing this was because of guilt in relation to Meehan or a continued desire for notoriety is impossible to say .
whether his object in doing this was because of guilt in relation to meehan or a continued [want] for notoriety is impossible to say .

It was Sayeeda who gave me an insatiable desire to open the doors of Oman , doors which were locked to most foreigners and needed a special key .
it was sayeeda who gave me an insatiable [want] to open the doors of oman , doors which were locked to most foreigners and needed a special key .

2 ) The cause of this is desire , attachment , greed .
2 ) the cause of this is [want] , attachment , greed .

3 ) Desire must and can be stopped .
3 ) [want] must and can be stopped .

So there is a way of escape , a cessation of desire , an achievement of ineffable peace and blessedness .
so there is a way of escape , a cessation of [want] , an achievement of ineffable peace and blessedness .

The word itself means ‘ blown out ’ , ‘ cool ’ , meaning that the fires of desire , hatred and illusion have been extinguished , the heat of desire has become cool .
the word itself means ‘ blown out ’ , ‘ cool ’ , meaning that the fires of [want] , hatred and illusion have been extinguished , the heat of [want] has become cool .

Another insight that has been coming to me consistently is that instead of beseeching God to undertake certain actions or to grant certain mercies or blessings we should state our faith that He is already and always at work in the way that we desire , so that our petition becomes an expansion of our address to Him , a relative clause expressing our conviction of faith that He is already doing what we were about to request Him to do .
another insight that has been coming to me consistently is that instead of beseeching god to undertake certain actions or to grant certain mercies or blessings we should state our faith that he is already and always at work in the way that we [want] , so that our petition becomes an expansion of our address to him , a relative clause expressing our conviction of faith that he is already doing what we were about to request him to do .

The desire to be Miles Hunt soon led to the Levellers .
the [want] to be miles hunt soon led to the levellers .

Look at Elvis , he had everything that a man could desire , looks , talent , wealth — but after he 'd eaten all the cheeseburgers he could swallow , when he got bored chasing young girls in white panties , how did he spend his time ?
look at elvis , he had everything that a man could [want] , looks , talent , wealth — but after he 'd eaten all the cheeseburgers he could swallow , when he got bored chasing young girls in white panties , how did he spend his time ?

The press may have labelled them all Brats , but not all of them had any great desire to raise hell and make headlines .
the press may have labelled them all brats , but not all of them had any great [want] to raise hell and make headlines .

It was due to take place the last week in August and Mrs Bennett who , since the death of her husband , had lived with her married daughter , had promised to ‘ see it through ’ , as she put it ; but she had also made it quite clear that she had no desire to stay on permanently , as Celia had hoped .
it was due to take place the last week in august and mrs bennett who , since the death of her husband , had lived with her married daughter , had promised to ‘ see it through ’ , as she put it ; but she had also made it quite clear that she had no [want] to stay on permanently , as celia had hoped .

But now , her pregnancy and his ever-increasing work-load meant that at the end of the day they were both so exhausted that there was only the desire for an early night and a brief conversation about all their plans or what Brian called , ‘ the state of play ’ .
but now , her pregnancy and his ever-increasing work-load meant that at the end of the day they were both so exhausted that there was only the [want] for an early night and a brief conversation about all their plans or what brian called , ‘ the state of play ’ .

Mrs Bennett would have a fit if she knew Celia had gone up to Beckwith 's Folly , but it was n't the first time lately that she had been overwhelmed by the desire to escape , although it was the first time she had actually done anything about it .
mrs bennett would have a fit if she knew celia had gone up to beckwith 's folly , but it was n't the first time lately that she had been overwhelmed by the [want] to escape , although it was the first time she had actually done anything about it .

Having heard of his family 's desire for an heir , she fantasised a little as to whether his wife might be expecting again .
having heard of his family 's [want] for an heir , she fantasised a little as to whether his wife might be expecting again .

Had it not been for his desire to sound Eleanor out on the subject of Liza , he felt he could easily have done so .
had it not been for his [want] to sound eleanor out on the subject of liza , he felt he could easily have done so .

He could feel his heart beating , a surge of desire such as he had not experienced since he had last seen her , making it almost impossible to refrain from making an immediate approach .
he could feel his heart beating , a surge of [want] such as he had not experienced since he had last seen her , making it almost impossible to refrain from making an immediate approach .

He dropped to his knees , busying himself with adjusting the drop of the trousers from Tzann 's inside leg and fighting the irrational and childish desire to jab a pin into his testicles .
he dropped to his knees , busying himself with adjusting the drop of the trousers from tzann 's inside leg and fighting the irrational and childish [want] to jab a pin into his testicles .

Mixed with the need to tidy up the garden was a desire to show her neighbours her new purple , slim pants and striped purple and yellow jacket .
mixed with the need to tidy up the garden was a [want] to show her neighbours her new purple , slim pants and striped purple and yellow jacket .

Attendance at the ball indicated considerable standing in the adult world and he had a sudden savage desire to show his parents , who would be there , that he had made it on his own , without any help from them .
attendance at the ball indicated considerable standing in the adult world and he had a sudden savage [want] to show his parents , who would be there , that he had made it on his own , without any help from them .

Isobel stifled a strong desire to laugh .
isobel stifled a strong [want] to laugh .

The first thing that strikes you about this program is Top Level 's evident desire to make it as friendly as possible .
the first thing that strikes you about this program is top level 's evident [want] to make it as friendly as possible .

The interdependence of farming and mining , added to technological constraints , restricted the number of days annually available for mining ; the farmer-miner 's smallholding had first claim on his time , and he went to the mine with the limited aim of satisfying , with a minimum of effort , the desire for a particular level of cash-income expectation determined by the need to pay the rent of his holding and purchase a given packet of ‘ industrial ’ goods .
the interdependence of farming and mining , added to technological constraints , restricted the number of days annually available for mining ; the farmer-miner 's smallholding had first claim on his time , and he went to the mine with the limited aim of satisfying , with a minimum of effort , the [want] for a particular level of cash-income expectation determined by the need to pay the rent of his holding and purchase a given packet of ‘ industrial ’ goods .

Because ontology involves an ethico-political violence towards the other , always to some degree seen as a threat , Levinas proposes ethics in its place , substituting a respect for the other for a grasping of it , and a theory of desire not as negation and assimilation but as infinite separation .
because ontology involves an ethico-political violence towards the other , always to some degree seen as a threat , levinas proposes ethics in its place , substituting a respect for the other for a grasping of it , and a theory of [want] not as negation and assimilation but as infinite separation .

Its corollary , or ‘ visage ’ , is the concept of totality , which , as Levinas observes , has dominated Western philosophy in its long history of desire for Unity and the One .
its corollary , or ‘ visage ’ , is the concept of totality , which , as levinas observes , has dominated western philosophy in its long history of [want] for unity and the one .

Today , Sartre 's voluntarism is to some extent returning to favour as the result of a desire to retrieve the categories of agency and the subject , which goes together with the wish to get out of the apparently totalizing systems of Adorno , Althusser or Foucault .
today , sartre 's voluntarism is to some extent returning to favour as the result of a [want] to retrieve the categories of agency and the subject , which goes together with the wish to get out of the apparently totalizing systems of adorno , althusser or foucault .

It begins by delineating the epistemological shift : the old order could be termed ‘ History ’ , a continuous and chronological historiography , including Hegelianism and related forms of Marxism , with its philosophies of history , its assumptions of a rational , progressive and teleological historical development , its desire to discover a meaning in history , its questioning of the relativity of historical knowledge , and its use of categories such as tradition , the history of ideas , the oeuvre , the author and the book .
it begins by delineating the epistemological shift : the old order could be termed ‘ history ’ , a continuous and chronological historiography , including hegelianism and related forms of marxism , with its philosophies of history , its assumptions of a rational , progressive and teleological historical development , its [want] to discover a meaning in history , its questioning of the relativity of historical knowledge , and its use of categories such as tradition , the history of ideas , the oeuvre , the author and the book .

This does not mean that the intellectual therefore nihilistically celebrates dispersion , fragmentation or relativity : rather she or he is the person who , facing such dispersion but without conceding to the nostalgic desire for totalization , poses the questions and constitutes the series and continuities for analysis — and thus for transformation — while attempting to respect its heterogeneity .
this does not mean that the intellectual therefore nihilistically celebrates dispersion , fragmentation or relativity : rather she or he is the person who , facing such dispersion but without conceding to the nostalgic [want] for totalization , poses the questions and constitutes the series and continuities for analysis — and thus for transformation — while attempting to respect its heterogeneity .

There has to be the desire to produce a curriculum which is responsive to individual needs .
there has to be the [want] to produce a curriculum which is responsive to individual needs .

The belief that many ‘ non-academic ’ 14 to 16 year olds were ‘ turned off ’ school because of the lack of relevance to the world of work , coupled with a desire to raise vocational standards , was given by government as reasons for the introduction of new pre-vocational courses in schools and colleges .
the belief that many ‘ non-academic ’ 14 to 16 year olds were ‘ turned off ’ school because of the lack of relevance to the world of work , coupled with a [want] to raise vocational standards , was given by government as reasons for the introduction of new pre-vocational courses in schools and colleges .

Why , for instance , do women often seem to desire their own oppression ?
why , for instance , do women often seem to [want] their own oppression ?

, for example , describe the pursuit of knowledge about basic cognitive differences as ‘ eloquent testimony to the desire for Truth ’ ( 1986 : 1017 ) .
, for example , describe the pursuit of knowledge about basic cognitive differences as ‘ eloquent testimony to the [want] for truth ’ ( 1986 : 1017 ) .

What seems to me to need attention is … [ the ] movement of psychoanalysis away from content ( pre-Oedipal or otherwise ) to a concept of sexuality as caught up in the register of demand and desire .
what seems to me to need attention is … [ the ] movement of psychoanalysis away from content ( pre-oedipal or otherwise ) to a concept of sexuality as caught up in the register of demand and [want] .

Theoretically , we have now moved beyond psychoanalysis to a position in which the workings of desire are produced through power relations , though the relationship is not a reductive one .
theoretically , we have now moved beyond psychoanalysis to a position in which the workings of [want] are produced through power relations , though the relationship is not a reductive one .

This Name itself becomes the mark of unknowable sexual difference and desire , and generates an unconscious , repressed chain of signifiers with no signifieds .
this name itself becomes the mark of unknowable sexual difference and [want] , and generates an unconscious , repressed chain of signifiers with no signifieds .

Rose , rereading Freud 's Dora case history , interprets the woman 's hysteria as signifying , through its silence , not a feminine denial of sexual difference , but the desire which is the insoluble , unrepresentable ‘ question of sexual difference ’ ( 1978 : 18 ) .
rose , rereading freud 's dora case history , interprets the woman 's hysteria as signifying , through its silence , not a feminine denial of sexual difference , but the [want] which is the insoluble , unrepresentable ‘ question of sexual difference ’ ( 1978 : 18 ) .

Lacanian concepts of signifers , desire , and the Imaginary , have become common feminist currency .
lacanian concepts of signifers , [want] , and the imaginary , have become common feminist currency .

There is one word to cover our liking of roses , our desire to discover the different kinds , and ability to overcome the difficulties of growing them , and that is interest .
there is one word to cover our liking of roses , our [want] to discover the different kinds , and ability to overcome the difficulties of growing them , and that is interest .

Freeman ( 1984 ) has suggested that some of her research was not as thorough as it should have been if she was to make such claims , and even that her desire to reach the conclusions that she did made her see things as she wished to see them , rather than as they actually were ( see Shipman 1988 ) .
freeman ( 1984 ) has suggested that some of her research was not as thorough as it should have been if she was to make such claims , and even that her [want] to reach the conclusions that she did made her see things as she wished to see them , rather than as they actually were ( see shipman 1988 ) .

With each victory they became ever more heedless of their fate , they fought with no thought for their own lives , possessed by a desire to spill the blood of their enemies .
with each victory they became ever more heedless of their fate , they fought with no thought for their own lives , possessed by a [want] to spill the blood of their enemies .

He would clearly hate to be patronized ; he would smell patronage in any apology , in any request for help made out of desire to soothe sore feelings .
he would clearly hate to be patronized ; he would smell patronage in any apology , in any request for help made out of [want] to soothe sore feelings .

’ statement — may have been , in his eyes , a rational assessment of the situation and the media 's tendency to exaggerate , but it ignored and misjudged the impact of media imagery and , consequently , the public 's desire for reassurance and for the problem to be ‘ resolved , .
’ statement — may have been , in his eyes , a rational assessment of the situation and the media 's tendency to exaggerate , but it ignored and misjudged the impact of media imagery and , consequently , the public 's [want] for reassurance and for the problem to be ‘ resolved , .

It is also extremely unlikely that today 's political parties or their backers would have either sufficient funds or the desire to use such large sums of money for purchasing newspapers .
it is also extremely unlikely that today 's political parties or their backers would have either sufficient funds or the [want] to use such large sums of money for purchasing newspapers .

The pursuit of the newsworthy , the move to more collective forms of journalism , and the ever-present desire to get copy into the papers , forces all journalists in one direction and towards that which will be interesting and a ‘ good read ’ .
the pursuit of the newsworthy , the move to more collective forms of journalism , and the ever-present [want] to get copy into the papers , forces all journalists in one direction and towards that which will be interesting and a ‘ good read ’ .

‘ deradicalization ’ , ‘ depoliticization ’ ) is to confuse that which one may desire ( and which may be socially desirable ) with the actual and real choices which individuals and groups make in the market-place .
‘ deradicalization ’ , ‘ depoliticization ’ ) is to confuse that which one may [want] ( and which may be socially desirable ) with the actual and real choices which individuals and groups make in the market-place .

Such choices may be exploited , and fed , by commercial considerations but they ultimately reflect an actual desire for a specific type of medium .
such choices may be exploited , and fed , by commercial considerations but they ultimately reflect an actual [want] for a specific type of medium .

But the initial simple desire for change soon took on a more sinister hue when Rupert Murdoch completely switched his printing operation from Fleet Street to Wapping in the East End of London .
but the initial simple [want] for change soon took on a more sinister hue when rupert murdoch completely switched his printing operation from fleet street to wapping in the east end of london .

This fourth phase , which reflects a desire for equity and a fairer distribution of the proceeds on the part of consultants vis-à-vis the founders and managing partners , also occurred — and still occurs — in Britain .
this fourth phase , which reflects a [want] for equity and a fairer distribution of the proceeds on the part of consultants vis-à-vis the founders and managing partners , also occurred — and still occurs — in britain .

This is manifested in a strong desire to break away from corporate environments seen as financially restrictive , especially those businesses which are obviously very profitable but where the profits are not fairly shared out among those who are helping to generate them .
this is manifested in a strong [want] to break away from corporate environments seen as financially restrictive , especially those businesses which are obviously very profitable but where the profits are not fairly shared out among those who are helping to generate them .

Norman Broadbent and Saxton Bampfylde may be regarded as 1980s examples of the same trend which influenced Dr Egon Zehnder to leave Spencer Stuart in 1964 : a desire both for autonomy and for profit .
norman broadbent and saxton bampfylde may be regarded as 1980s examples of the same trend which influenced dr egon zehnder to leave spencer stuart in 1964 : a [want] both for autonomy and for profit .

More common , perhaps , is a desire to reform .
more common , perhaps , is a [want] to reform .

Recent medical novels , for example , such as those by Shem ( 1980 ) and by Douglas ( 1977 , 1980a , 1980b ) share a suspicion of high-technology medicine and a desire to treat patients in a more humane fashion which is very close to their counterparts in medical sociology .
recent medical novels , for example , such as those by shem ( 1980 ) and by douglas ( 1977 , 1980a , 1980b ) share a suspicion of high-technology medicine and a [want] to treat patients in a more humane fashion which is very close to their counterparts in medical sociology .

In the long run , the most durable achievements of the age in which Europe dominated the world may seem to have been brought about less by political dominion than by such impalpable but irresistible influences as these , by the corrosive effect of its economic institutions , or even by the simple desire to imitate .
in the long run , the most durable achievements of the age in which europe dominated the world may seem to have been brought about less by political dominion than by such impalpable but irresistible influences as these , by the corrosive effect of its economic institutions , or even by the simple [want] to imitate .

The British ordered their consuls to recognize the new régime de facto ; conflicts with the Russians in Asia had just reawoken a Russophobia which reinforced Salisbury 's desire to strengthen Balkan nations against Russian pressure .
the british ordered their consuls to recognize the new régime de facto ; conflicts with the russians in asia had just reawoken a russophobia which reinforced salisbury 's [want] to strengthen balkan nations against russian pressure .

Quine appears to hold that , since , regrettably , the project of providing a reconstruction of human knowledge which traces the credibility of all justified beliefs to the operations of canons of rationality upon intrinsically credible perceptual beliefs has failed , the only remaining motivation for avoiding the use of naturalistic materials in epistemology is an unwarranted desire that our knowledge be shown to be certain .
quine appears to hold that , since , regrettably , the project of providing a reconstruction of human knowledge which traces the credibility of all justified beliefs to the operations of canons of rationality upon intrinsically credible perceptual beliefs has failed , the only remaining motivation for avoiding the use of naturalistic materials in epistemology is an unwarranted [want] that our knowledge be shown to be certain .

If the reflective clarity about knowledge that we desire can be obtained , it can be obtained naturalistically .
if the reflective clarity about knowledge that we [want] can be obtained , it can be obtained naturalistically .

It may turn out that the distinctive features of a causal story associated with semantic content are precisely those that require the language of belief , desire and intention , in order for their isolation to have any point within the overall causal explanation of what happens when the speaker communicates with another .
it may turn out that the distinctive features of a causal story associated with semantic content are precisely those that require the language of belief , [want] and intention , in order for their isolation to have any point within the overall causal explanation of what happens when the speaker communicates with another .

Following Bennett , we regard it as admissible to frame theories of perception ( or ‘ registration ’ ) and of ‘ proto'-belief and desire to explain the actions of certain creatures , provided their behaviour is complex enough , and subject also to the usual caveats of holistic method .
following bennett , we regard it as admissible to frame theories of perception ( or ‘ registration ’ ) and of ‘ proto'-belief and [want] to explain the actions of certain creatures , provided their behaviour is complex enough , and subject also to the usual caveats of holistic method .

Instead , individualism is motivated by a desire to defend the idea that individuals are autonomous agents , and thus tends to focus on a particular set of individual properties , including desires , choices , decisions and intentions .
instead , individualism is motivated by a [want] to defend the idea that individuals are autonomous agents , and thus tends to focus on a particular set of individual properties , including desires , choices , decisions and intentions .

This question has given rise to a whole spectrum of views , whose exponents are united by two traits : their desire to explain why an industrial revolution occurred in Britain and not in other comparable nations , and their adherence to the Millean method of difference .
this question has given rise to a whole spectrum of views , whose exponents are united by two traits : their [want] to explain why an industrial revolution occurred in britain and not in other comparable nations , and their adherence to the millean method of difference .

At the heart of Althusser 's work is a desire to understand how modern societies reproduce themselves — how , for example , the vast and complex structures of modern capitalist states are maintained — and he implicitly divides this process into two connected parts .
at the heart of althusser 's work is a [want] to understand how modern societies reproduce themselves — how , for example , the vast and complex structures of modern capitalist states are maintained — and he implicitly divides this process into two connected parts .

In addition to structures , therefore , there are also classes , and Poulantzas is anxious to keep the two categories apart — a desire which is particularly clear in his discussion of the relations which bind entities of each type .
in addition to structures , therefore , there are also classes , and poulantzas is anxious to keep the two categories apart — a [want] which is particularly clear in his discussion of the relations which bind entities of each type .

In part this is due to a desire to avoid a rigidly causal account which will straitjacket capitalist societies into a single position , not allowing for their diversity and variation .
in part this is due to a [want] to avoid a rigidly causal account which will straitjacket capitalist societies into a single position , not allowing for their diversity and variation .

Despite his desire to secure the dominance of holism by equating it with social scientific explanation , Miller 's argument only sustains a weaker claim ; for his distinction between holism and individualism suggests that there is a place for both types of explanation .
despite his [want] to secure the dominance of holism by equating it with social scientific explanation , miller 's argument only sustains a weaker claim ; for his distinction between holism and individualism suggests that there is a place for both types of explanation .

These two projects — on the one hand a wish to investigate the constraining influence of social wholes , and on the other a desire to understand the shaping power of individuals — answer to different sorts of concern with the social world .
these two projects — on the one hand a wish to investigate the constraining influence of social wholes , and on the other a [want] to understand the shaping power of individuals — answer to different sorts of concern with the social world .

just as a desire to understand absolute holism led us to analyse the substantive claims of Althusser and Poulantzas , so we must now consider work inspired by an attachment to concessive holism in order to reach a clearer view of its guiding interests .
just as a [want] to understand absolute holism led us to analyse the substantive claims of althusser and poulantzas , so we must now consider work inspired by an attachment to concessive holism in order to reach a clearer view of its guiding interests .

However , because of their desire to promote the idea of history as a scientific discipline , the Annales school have not been equally well disposed to all aspects of the past .
however , because of their [want] to promote the idea of history as a scientific discipline , the annales school have not been equally well disposed to all aspects of the past .

There are questions of underlying desire .
there are questions of underlying [want] .

Some actions which benefit others come from the desire just to benefit that particular person , while others flow from some more general disposition , while the desire to benefit a particular person or group may be accompanied by a variety of other desires , for instance to extract goodwill from them , or the possibility of a reward .
some actions which benefit others come from the [want] just to benefit that particular person , while others flow from some more general disposition , while the [want] to benefit a particular person or group may be accompanied by a variety of other desires , for instance to extract goodwill from them , or the possibility of a reward .

’ Googol 's tone suggested not only mockery but yearning , impossible desire .
’ googol 's tone suggested not only mockery but yearning , impossible [want] .

He/she fought by projecting an obscene delirium of dizzying debauched desire .
he/she fought by projecting an obscene delirium of dizzying debauched [want] .

He was voicing a desire which he feared might only bring him Meh'Lindi 's contempt — so soon after she had honoured and anointed him with her body .
he was voicing a [want] which he feared might only bring him meh'lindi 's contempt — so soon after she had honoured and anointed him with her body .

The preference-belief is then seen to generate , simply by invoking the human precedent , a whole series of other attributes with which ‘ we begin to approach a fair rendering of the mental life of these creatures ’ ( 81 ) : perception , memory , desire , belief , self-consciousness , intention , a sense of the future , emotions , and the capacity to experience pleasure and pain .
the preference-belief is then seen to generate , simply by invoking the human precedent , a whole series of other attributes with which ‘ we begin to approach a fair rendering of the mental life of these creatures ’ ( 81 ) : perception , memory , [want] , belief , self-consciousness , intention , a sense of the future , emotions , and the capacity to experience pleasure and pain .

They exhibit the pre-linguistic sensations of pain and the ancestral tokens of human attributes such as deliberative intent , rational planning , choice , desire , fear , anger , and some beliefs , where our guiding criteria are the close similarity of their behavioural patterns , in like circumstances , to our own .
they exhibit the pre-linguistic sensations of pain and the ancestral tokens of human attributes such as deliberative intent , rational planning , choice , [want] , fear , anger , and some beliefs , where our guiding criteria are the close similarity of their behavioural patterns , in like circumstances , to our own .

In like manner , our duty to desist from damaging pictures or monuments ( Ritchie conveniently aids his case by talking of ‘ injury ’ ) is grounded in society 's desire to preserve its cultural heritage .
in like manner , our duty to desist from damaging pictures or monuments ( ritchie conveniently aids his case by talking of ‘ injury ’ ) is grounded in society 's [want] to preserve its cultural heritage .

Animals must , and can only , remain unaware of their fate since to be even possibly otherwise would involve an understanding of dying , and its implications for one 's desire to continue living .
animals must , and can only , remain unaware of their fate since to be even possibly otherwise would involve an understanding of dying , and its implications for one 's [want] to continue living .

The desire for aggression is a significant factor in conflict .
the [want] for aggression is a significant factor in conflict .

There may be some family conflict , some ongoing difficulty with a relation or one-time friend . Are you prepared in the light of God 's desire for your wholeness to let go of whatever negative emotions you have towards them ?
there may be some family conflict , some ongoing difficulty with a relation or one-time friend . are you prepared in the light of god 's [want] for your wholeness to let go of whatever negative emotions you have towards them ?

Their load had increased so profoundly , they could muster neither resolve nor desire to do anything lasting about them .
their load had increased so profoundly , they could muster neither resolve nor [want] to do anything lasting about them .

No desire to mend remains .
no [want] to mend remains .

It is a strange sensation , but many sense it from time to time : a consuming desire to part with money .
it is a strange sensation , but many sense it from time to time : a consuming [want] to part with money .

Can you think of times when the desire to covet has gripped your thoughts ?
can you think of times when the [want] to covet has gripped your thoughts ?

Despite the desire to maintain secrecy , the entire operation was under the scrutiny of local citizens in the area , many of whom stayed for hours to witness the spectacle .
despite the [want] to maintain secrecy , the entire operation was under the scrutiny of local citizens in the area , many of whom stayed for hours to witness the spectacle .

But it is difficult to equate their negative feelings about politics in China with the desire to go abroad .
but it is difficult to equate their negative feelings about politics in china with the [want] to go abroad .

Dissatisfaction , apathy , the desire to escape and the other manifestations of the student ‘ problem ’ appeared to be intact .
dissatisfaction , apathy , the [want] to escape and the other manifestations of the student ‘ problem ’ appeared to be intact .

It is not clear whether this motivation arises from a pragmatic desire to influence other people in order to achieve common objectives , or whether social interactions act as a catalyst for the child 's intrinsic curiosity about language as a system for communicating with other people .
it is not clear whether this motivation arises from a pragmatic [want] to influence other people in order to achieve common objectives , or whether social interactions act as a catalyst for the child 's intrinsic curiosity about language as a system for communicating with other people .

‘ You Make Me Feel ( Mighty Real ) ’ sang Sylvester with that glorious lightness of spirit that was his trademark , encapsulating our lack , our need , our desire .
‘ you make me feel ( mighty real ) ’ sang sylvester with that glorious lightness of spirit that was his trademark , encapsulating our lack , our need , our [want] .

So a revolution in music was catalysed by a record executive 's desire for his own personal sexual soundtrack .
so a revolution in music was catalysed by a record executive 's [want] for his own personal sexual soundtrack .

The shelves of the amateur home porn section are packed with hundreds of tapes that aim to satisfy every sexual desire .
the shelves of the amateur home porn section are packed with hundreds of tapes that aim to satisfy every sexual [want] .

For Stark there is a systematic and progressive development in the natural sciences organized by the desire both to understand and to dominate nature .
for stark there is a systematic and progressive development in the natural sciences organized by the [want] both to understand and to dominate nature .

In this way he is able to satisfy the desire in his own context , anthropology , to ‘ understand ’ what is being exchanged as meaningful in strange , alien , ‘ primitive ’ contexts .
in this way he is able to satisfy the [want] in his own context , anthropology , to ‘ understand ’ what is being exchanged as meaningful in strange , alien , ‘ primitive ’ contexts .

When we first experience the desire to write , our writing voice may well be timid , weak , needy and underfed , so we need to feed it , to let the writer-self know that it is significant for us .
when we first experience the [want] to write , our writing voice may well be timid , weak , needy and underfed , so we need to feed it , to let the writer-self know that it is significant for us .

She appeals to our memory of shelter , our perpetual desire for it and fires our memory into longing with the ignition of ‘ blanket ’ , ‘ picnics ’ , ‘ sicknesses ’ and ‘ spreading stain ' .
she appeals to our memory of shelter , our perpetual [want] for it and fires our memory into longing with the ignition of ‘ blanket ’ , ‘ picnics ’ , ‘ sicknesses ’ and ‘ spreading stain ' .

You feel protected and at rest and you have a great desire for solitude .
you feel protected and at rest and you have a great [want] for solitude .

These problems are emphasized with large data volumes , multiple authorship , complex inter-node and intra-node relationships , need for multiple views of same hyper-medium , and a desire to integrate the hyper-base with other types of application within the organization .
these problems are emphasized with large data volumes , multiple authorship , complex inter-node and intra-node relationships , need for multiple views of same hyper-medium , and a [want] to integrate the hyper-base with other types of application within the organization .

This Ketamine user reported no desire to take the drug again .
this ketamine user reported no [want] to take the drug again .

‘ It is n't a social drug like Ecstasy , and it is n't a stimulant , so you do n't have any desire to dance .
‘ it is n't a social drug like ecstasy , and it is n't a stimulant , so you do n't have any [want] to dance .

He 's most proud of Law Of Desire , Almodóvar 's film about homosexual lovers which challenged the post-Franco social mores in Spain with its graphic depiction of male-male love-making .
he 's most proud of law of [want] , almodóvar 's film about homosexual lovers which challenged the post-franco social mores in spain with its graphic depiction of male-male love-making .

‘ Probably , what unites everyone on the project is the desire to conjure a kind of intensity , ’ says Mark Neale .
‘ probably , what unites everyone on the project is the [want] to conjure a kind of intensity , ’ says mark neale .

But surely it is possible that the women 's assessments might just as well have reflected their awareness of sex stereotypes and their consequent desire to fulfil ‘ normal ’ expectations that women talk ‘ better ’ .
but surely it is possible that the women 's assessments might just as well have reflected their awareness of sex stereotypes and their consequent [want] to fulfil ‘ normal ’ expectations that women talk ‘ better ’ .

Women should have no sexual desires whereas men should be insatiable ; if women get out of line by expressing autonomous desire or refusing to cater to men 's , they will be censured .
women should have no sexual desires whereas men should be insatiable ; if women get out of line by expressing autonomous [want] or refusing to cater to men 's , they will be censured .

While recognising that successful sexual relations in later life depended to some extent on earlier satisfactory sexual expression the study known as the Starr-Weiner Report ( Starr and Bakur-Weiner , 1982 ) confirmed that ‘ Older adults are interested in sex , think about it , desire it , engage in it with the same frequency that Kinsey reported for forty year-olds . ’
while recognising that successful sexual relations in later life depended to some extent on earlier satisfactory sexual expression the study known as the starr-weiner report ( starr and bakur-weiner , 1982 ) confirmed that ‘ older adults are interested in sex , think about it , [want] it , engage in it with the same frequency that kinsey reported for forty year-olds . ’

Some may choose to work with vulnerable elderly people out of altruism , and a genuine desire to work with this age group .
some may choose to work with vulnerable elderly people out of altruism , and a genuine [want] to work with this age group .

Bo is a woman of desire again
bo is a woman of [want] again

Confirming his desire for the survival of a European aerospace industry , Mr Kohl said : ‘ We wish to have a common European solution . ’
confirming his [want] for the survival of a european aerospace industry , mr kohl said : ‘ we wish to have a common european solution . ’

Rowntree 's leading brands included Kit Kat , Smarties , Yorkie and Quality Street and the bids for the company were based on a desire by the Swiss companies to own these brands and to market them globally .
rowntree 's leading brands included kit kat , smarties , yorkie and quality street and the bids for the company were based on a [want] by the swiss companies to own these brands and to market them globally .

In addition to the economic arguments put forward for nationalisation , there was also a strong political impetus , as the Labour party attempted to achieve a ‘ fairer , more egalitarian ’ society , in which social priorities and the ‘ national interest ’ took precedence over the desire to maximise profits .
in addition to the economic arguments put forward for nationalisation , there was also a strong political impetus , as the labour party attempted to achieve a ‘ fairer , more egalitarian ’ society , in which social priorities and the ‘ national interest ’ took precedence over the [want] to maximise profits .

This has been shown by its programme of privatising nationalised industries and by its desire to maintain a firm control on public expenditure .
this has been shown by its programme of privatising nationalised industries and by its [want] to maintain a firm control on public expenditure .

Neither Mr nor Mrs Kewish had any idea what was in Blea Moor Tunnel but they were both very frightened , their one desire was to get off the train as quickly as possible !
neither mr nor mrs kewish had any idea what was in blea moor tunnel but they were both very frightened , their one [want] was to get off the train as quickly as possible !

Nonetheless , although Wolfgang ends his letter ( dated 4 April ) by expressing the desire to come to his dying father 's arms ‘ as soon as is humanly possibly ’ , he did not do so .
nonetheless , although wolfgang ends his letter ( dated 4 april ) by expressing the [want] to come to his dying father 's arms ‘ as soon as is humanly possibly ’ , he did not do so .

Meredith was suddenly swept up in an insane desire to impress , well , produce something decent .
meredith was suddenly swept up in an insane [want] to impress , well , produce something decent .

The saga began with a desire for Argentina to prove that it was as good as the major technological powers .
the saga began with a [want] for argentina to prove that it was as good as the major technological powers .

This time the fear of conceding an early goal will outweigh any desire for an instant lift .
this time the fear of conceding an early goal will outweigh any [want] for an instant lift .

‘ We are interested but that 's as far as it has gone because Alex Ferguson has shown no desire to let him go , and that 's despite the fact that Neil has not been in his first team .
‘ we are interested but that 's as far as it has gone because alex ferguson has shown no [want] to let him go , and that 's despite the fact that neil has not been in his first team .

Even when on top of his game the intensity of his desire often makes him appear downcast as he strides down the fairways — in direct contrast to his compatriot Seve Ballesteros , who has every emotion etched on his face .
even when on top of his game the intensity of his [want] often makes him appear downcast as he strides down the fairways — in direct contrast to his compatriot seve ballesteros , who has every emotion etched on his face .

Graham reflected : ‘ We did n't have the same desire as Leeds .
graham reflected : ‘ we did n't have the same [want] as leeds .

She had been almost in delirium , consumed with an animal desire .
she had been almost in delirium , consumed with an animal [want] .

It seems to me that these dreams were not only manifestations of hunger , but that they also evinced a desire to be normal and part of the natural world .
it seems to me that these dreams were not only manifestations of hunger , but that they also evinced a [want] to be normal and part of the natural world .

This desire for control over all aspects of her life is allied to a single-minded approach to her career which dates back long before she became famous .
this [want] for control over all aspects of her life is allied to a single-minded approach to her career which dates back long before she became famous .

The Duke of Edinburgh , who was baptised into the Greek Orthodoox Church , has already privately expressed a desire to return to the church of his birth , which is in communion with the Russian Orthodox Church .
the duke of edinburgh , who was baptised into the greek orthodoox church , has already privately expressed a [want] to return to the church of his birth , which is in communion with the russian orthodox church .

This is a bigger task than a momentary resolution , based upon the desire for change .
this is a bigger task than a momentary resolution , based upon the [want] for change .

There must first be the desire for personal change , and thereafter the confidence that change can take place .
there must first be the [want] for personal change , and thereafter the confidence that change can take place .

Some carers will feel imprisoned by the demands made of them , and they will be torn between their desire to care for their older relatives and their own need to lead an independent life .
some carers will feel imprisoned by the demands made of them , and they will be torn between their [want] to care for their older relatives and their own need to lead an independent life .

They might often be forced , through declining health and strength , to take on low-paid and unskilled work , but for most people the idea of giving up work was not possible , short of the desire to risk starvation or enter the workhouse .
they might often be forced , through declining health and strength , to take on low-paid and unskilled work , but for most people the idea of giving up work was not possible , short of the [want] to risk starvation or enter the workhouse .

The rise of the nuclear family has created an expectation and desire for independence and privacy by younger members of the family , often quite separate from former family ties , and this can often leave little room for the care of older relatives .
the rise of the nuclear family has created an expectation and [want] for independence and privacy by younger members of the family , often quite separate from former family ties , and this can often leave little room for the care of older relatives .

There is nothing more annoying to older people , for their need and desire to communicate , at an adult level , is likely to be as strong as ever .
there is nothing more annoying to older people , for their need and [want] to communicate , at an adult level , is likely to be as strong as ever .

As the underlying problems have not been tackled , more alcohol is required to continue dulling the pain , and consequently the desire to drink can become continuous .
as the underlying problems have not been tackled , more alcohol is required to continue dulling the pain , and consequently the [want] to drink can become continuous .

You have , like.it or not , curiosity and with it an adjunct : the desire to explain things .
you have , like.it or not , curiosity and with it an adjunct : the [want] to explain things .

Yet , at the same time , why do we assume that a technological civilization will have the slightest desire to quest among the stars ?
yet , at the same time , why do we assume that a technological civilization will have the slightest [want] to quest among the stars ?

the fraction of civilizations that develop the ability and desire to communicate with others
the fraction of civilizations that develop the ability and [want] to communicate with others

Our desire to please them will take precedence over our own needs , and our self-possession will be compromised .
our [want] to please them will take precedence over our own needs , and our self-possession will be compromised .

The body builder , wrestler , aerobics queen and Madonna use their bodies to control the responses of others : to arouse feelings of fear , jealousy , admiration and desire in others .
the body builder , wrestler , aerobics queen and madonna use their bodies to control the responses of others : to arouse feelings of fear , jealousy , admiration and [want] in others .

Once you have been bitten by the flower pressing bug , you will have no difficulty at all in choosing the prime specimens from your garden for hiding away in the presses . The main problem is usually an overwhelming desire to press the prize specimens from all your friends ' and neighbours ' gardens as well !
once you have been bitten by the flower pressing bug , you will have no difficulty at all in choosing the prime specimens from your garden for hiding away in the presses . the main problem is usually an overwhelming [want] to press the prize specimens from all your friends ' and neighbours ' gardens as well !

In their desire to keep the Law , they surrounded it with :
in their [want] to keep the law , they surrounded it with :

It is inevitable that the Evangelist made changes to the traditions in his desire to say what the events of Jesus ' life meant for his readers .
it is inevitable that the evangelist made changes to the traditions in his [want] to say what the events of jesus ' life meant for his readers .

One of the characteristics of Matthew is his desire to prove Jesus as the fulfilment of Jewish hope and promise by quoting from the Old Testament .
one of the characteristics of matthew is his [want] to prove jesus as the fulfilment of jewish hope and promise by quoting from the old testament .

To leave self behind means to put oneself last in all things ; to have no care about one 's life , position or esteem ; and to have no desire for rights or privileges except that of belonging to God .
to leave self behind means to put oneself last in all things ; to have no care about one 's life , position or esteem ; and to have no [want] for rights or privileges except that of belonging to god .

Some of these creatures were almost flying in their desire to get to the nomes .
some of these creatures were almost flying in their [want] to get to the nomes .

Many , however , were less pessimistic about the malevolent desire of powerful vested interests to obstruct the progress of democracy and genuine peace .
many , however , were less pessimistic about the malevolent [want] of powerful vested interests to obstruct the progress of democracy and genuine peace .

One motive was a desire to kill communism with kindness .
one motive was a [want] to kill communism with kindness .

Many feared that the object of rearmament was not collective security , but merely a desire to deter Hitler from moving West .
many feared that the object of rearmament was not collective security , but merely a [want] to deter hitler from moving west .

The Second Front Campaign produced the biggest demonstrations of the war period and , most of the time , opinion polls showed that the demonstrators spoke for the majority of a public moved by both feelings of solidarity with the hard-pressed Russians and by a desire to get the war over with .
the second front campaign produced the biggest demonstrations of the war period and , most of the time , opinion polls showed that the demonstrators spoke for the majority of a public moved by both feelings of solidarity with the hard-pressed russians and by a [want] to get the war over with .

Until about 1934 the Establishment explanation of these phenomena was remarkably unconvincing and seems to have reflected mainly a desire not to be asked embarrassing questions .
until about 1934 the establishment explanation of these phenomena was remarkably unconvincing and seems to have reflected mainly a [want] not to be asked embarrassing questions .

Their eldest son Henry rekindled the family 's desire for travel and adventure by marrying a solicitor 's daughter , Mary , and travelled out to Guyana in South America as a barrister .
their eldest son henry rekindled the family 's [want] for travel and adventure by marrying a solicitor 's daughter , mary , and travelled out to guyana in south america as a barrister .

In Shakespeare 's As You Like It , Touchstone 's marriage proposal is accepted by Audrey who reveals her desire to become ‘ a woman of the world ’ .
in shakespeare 's as you like it , touchstone 's marriage proposal is accepted by audrey who reveals her [want] to become ‘ a woman of the world ’ .

The desire for Sunday trading is now obvious .
the [want] for sunday trading is now obvious .

He suggested the striker was lacking in desire , suggesting he had gone missing during the game against United , and saying he had not been the same since playing for England against Turkey a fortnight ago .
he suggested the striker was lacking in [want] , suggesting he had gone missing during the game against united , and saying he had not been the same since playing for england against turkey a fortnight ago .

‘ He reminded me about it in the dressing room before the game , and if it 's said you 're not playing with enough desire you 've just got to swallow it and do the best you can .
‘ he reminded me about it in the dressing room before the game , and if it 's said you 're not playing with enough [want] you 've just got to swallow it and do the best you can .

Two years ago , Norman 's confidence was shredded after being ruthlessly torn apart by Faldo 's desire to win the 1990 Open at St Andrews .
two years ago , norman 's confidence was shredded after being ruthlessly torn apart by faldo 's [want] to win the 1990 open at st andrews .

We 've got the staff — now we must find the desire .
we 've got the staff — now we must find the [want] .

The softly-spoken Irishman is driven by a desire to prolong his career for as long as possible , having been offered and refused a big financial inducement by United to quit because of his knee problems .
the softly-spoken irishman is driven by a [want] to prolong his career for as long as possible , having been offered and refused a big financial inducement by united to quit because of his knee problems .

The other may well have had something to do with a desire to spike police interference with football .
the other may well have had something to do with a [want] to spike police interference with football .

Of course , for family companies , such tax planning may have to be balanced against the shareholders ' natural desire to have their money as soon as possible !
of course , for family companies , such tax planning may have to be balanced against the shareholders ' natural [want] to have their money as soon as possible !

Although there is unanimous agreement that the profession should do everything possible to keep self-regulation and that both roles should somehow be kept within the Institute 's ambit , there is a desire to discuss what the Beds , Bucks and Herts Society describes as an ‘ underlying feeling of unease about the dual role ’ .
although there is unanimous agreement that the profession should do everything possible to keep self-regulation and that both roles should somehow be kept within the institute 's ambit , there is a [want] to discuss what the beds , bucks and herts society describes as an ‘ underlying feeling of unease about the dual role ’ .

The clearest insight , esoteric perhaps , has always belonged to the Rishis or Initiates although accessible to all those who sincerely desire , and are able to absorb and assimilate , such ‘ secret truths ’ by means of the heart rather than the intellect .
the clearest insight , esoteric perhaps , has always belonged to the rishis or initiates although accessible to all those who sincerely [want] , and are able to absorb and assimilate , such ‘ secret truths ’ by means of the heart rather than the intellect .

The stone slabs are known as Nagacoils and are mostly placed there by childless wives who vow to install a ‘ snake-stone ’ if they are blessed with offspring ; probably the greatest desire of the average female Indian mentality .
the stone slabs are known as nagacoils and are mostly placed there by childless wives who vow to install a ‘ snake-stone ’ if they are blessed with offspring ; probably the greatest [want] of the average female indian mentality .

Various rituals complement the desire .
various rituals complement the [want] .

For example , male and female is not a relationship ; there must exist love or desire to actualize and sustain the relationship .
for example , male and female is not a relationship ; there must exist love or [want] to actualize and sustain the relationship .

Five Heads represent ‘ potentiality ’ and the desire towards idealism .
five heads represent ‘ potentiality ’ and the [want] towards idealism .

The original love or desire , emotion , etc .
the original love or [want] , emotion , etc .

Raja Guna — Creative desire — Brahma
raja guna — creative [want] — brahma

To distinguish the snakes , the term Rainbow Serpent is applied , due to the widespread belief among Aborigines that they are capable of assuming the form of the rainbow when they desire to do so .
to distinguish the snakes , the term rainbow serpent is applied , due to the widespread belief among aborigines that they are capable of assuming the form of the rainbow when they [want] to do so .

Mind is said to be ‘ full of will ’ or ‘ desire ’ to progress and process different sensations , driven by the Ego in its ceaseless quest to assimilate experience : the mental image is presented to the intellect where it becomes ‘ known ’ by individual consciousness .
mind is said to be ‘ full of will ’ or ‘ [want] ’ to progress and process different sensations , driven by the ego in its ceaseless quest to assimilate experience : the mental image is presented to the intellect where it becomes ‘ known ’ by individual consciousness .

What we imagine or desire is what we get — within the limits of our potentiality , at a given time , and a given place ; that is , as aforementioned , when the conditions are conducive .
what we imagine or [want] is what we get — within the limits of our potentiality , at a given time , and a given place ; that is , as aforementioned , when the conditions are conducive .

The mind — if unable to express creativity or creative impulses — exhibits frustration and evokes self-disdain for negative self-images and loss of self-worth ; the emotions — if subject to suppression or repression of essential human responses relating to love , understanding and compassion — are suffocated ; the harbouring and nurturing of accumulated aggressions , rejections or guilts , destroys the human ability to be receptive to positive influences , and depression , grief , hopelessness and helplessness all evoke a desire for self-annihilation if sustained ; the spirit — if unable to establish any connection between its personal nature and those higher elements which nourish it — eventually starves .
the mind — if unable to express creativity or creative impulses — exhibits frustration and evokes self-disdain for negative self-images and loss of self-worth ; the emotions — if subject to suppression or repression of essential human responses relating to love , understanding and compassion — are suffocated ; the harbouring and nurturing of accumulated aggressions , rejections or guilts , destroys the human ability to be receptive to positive influences , and depression , grief , hopelessness and helplessness all evoke a [want] for self-annihilation if sustained ; the spirit — if unable to establish any connection between its personal nature and those higher elements which nourish it — eventually starves .

While the stated reason for moving to the resort was the desire to bring up one 's children in a healthy place , the less readily acknowledged reason was to ‘ better oneself ’ .
while the stated reason for moving to the resort was the [want] to bring up one 's children in a healthy place , the less readily acknowledged reason was to ‘ better oneself ’ .

On the other hand there was some investment in being able to assess performance such that it was possible to reward people for ‘ good ’ performance , and the group were not entirely able to sort this one out in that it was representing to them a dependent desire to be judged and be judged as good , and yet a refusal to accept the terms upon which judgement was being made in that they felt depersonalized by it ’
on the other hand there was some investment in being able to assess performance such that it was possible to reward people for ‘ good ’ performance , and the group were not entirely able to sort this one out in that it was representing to them a dependent [want] to be judged and be judged as good , and yet a refusal to accept the terms upon which judgement was being made in that they felt depersonalized by it ’

They know that life at work could be more satisfying , but they have no desire to identify what their interests and ideas might be ’
they know that life at work could be more satisfying , but they have no [want] to identify what their interests and ideas might be ’

Nor is there much indication that affluence has encouraged the desire to seek acceptance in new social milieux at higher status levels .
nor is there much indication that affluence has encouraged the [want] to seek acceptance in new social milieux at higher status levels .

Some historians have argued that nationalism was the outgrowth of the desire by élites to gain economic and political power , and that they manipulated indigenous symbols to this end .
some historians have argued that nationalism was the outgrowth of the [want] by élites to gain economic and political power , and that they manipulated indigenous symbols to this end .

It was clearly the desire of young , ambitious civil servants to receive revenue as opposed to judicial appointments , for career prospects were much better in the revenue department .
it was clearly the [want] of young , ambitious civil servants to receive revenue as opposed to judicial appointments , for career prospects were much better in the revenue department .

Besides , a shift in the values of the people towards a desire for British-style justice would not automatically have brought about change , for the vested interests in and out of the administration would have continued to operate as before .
besides , a shift in the values of the people towards a [want] for british-style justice would not automatically have brought about change , for the vested interests in and out of the administration would have continued to operate as before .

Finally , cattle could be stolen for adventure , often tinged with a desire for revenge .
finally , cattle could be stolen for adventure , often tinged with a [want] for revenge .

Later still he may train himself to eradicate the desire or aversion itself , releasing himself from one causally necessary condition of facing facts , so that the formula is no longer directly applicable ; but that will be in the service of other ends , and unless he can discover some new way of validating them these too will be spontaneous goals selected from the rest by thinking within the frame of the same formula .
later still he may train himself to eradicate the [want] or aversion itself , releasing himself from one causally necessary condition of facing facts , so that the formula is no longer directly applicable ; but that will be in the service of other ends , and unless he can discover some new way of validating them these too will be spontaneous goals selected from the rest by thinking within the frame of the same formula .

Someone may ardently desire to create , love , believe , repent , but if the hope is fulfilled it will be because of a spontaneous process of maturation or crisis of conversion , which reason and will can coax but not force .
someone may ardently [want] to create , love , believe , repent , but if the hope is fulfilled it will be because of a spontaneous process of maturation or crisis of conversion , which reason and will can coax but not force .

Consider finally how even the man of knowledge , when he compels his spirit to knowledge which is counter to the inclination of his spirit and frequently also to the desires of his heart — by saying No , that is , when he would like to affirm , love , worship — disposes as an artist in and transfigurer of cruelty ; in all taking things seriously and thoroughly indeed there is already a violation , a desire to hurt the fundamental will of the spirit , which ceaselessly strives for appearance and the superficial — in all desire to know there is already a drop of cruelty .
consider finally how even the man of knowledge , when he compels his spirit to knowledge which is counter to the inclination of his spirit and frequently also to the desires of his heart — by saying no , that is , when he would like to affirm , love , worship — disposes as an artist in and transfigurer of cruelty ; in all taking things seriously and thoroughly indeed there is already a violation , a [want] to hurt the fundamental will of the spirit , which ceaselessly strives for appearance and the superficial — in all [want] to know there is already a drop of cruelty .

For one team 's desperate desire to establish its worth in the scrums , Toks has had to play the price of a life confined to a wheelchair , a need for 24-hour-a-day attendants , and an almost total loss of his business and social aspirations .
for one team 's desperate [want] to establish its worth in the scrums , toks has had to play the price of a life confined to a wheelchair , a need for 24-hour-a-day attendants , and an almost total loss of his business and social aspirations .

It was strange that , truly enamoured of New York as she was , she could still feel like this — choked with a desire to hear the broad vowels of her native Yorkshire .
it was strange that , truly enamoured of new york as she was , she could still feel like this — choked with a [want] to hear the broad vowels of her native yorkshire .

She had let her overwhelming desire feed her imagination ; had read something into his words , his looks , his actions , which had not been there at all .
she had let her overwhelming [want] feed her imagination ; had read something into his words , his looks , his actions , which had not been there at all .

However much he might desire her , she would have no more than the allotted space in his life .
however much he might [want] her , she would have no more than the allotted space in his life .

The format has to be reviewed in order to restore the balance between the desire to give the playing countries enough games in the early stage to sharpen them up for the knock-out competition , and the need for a structure that is both fair and seen to be fair .
the format has to be reviewed in order to restore the balance between the [want] to give the playing countries enough games in the early stage to sharpen them up for the knock-out competition , and the need for a structure that is both fair and seen to be fair .

Little seemed set solid in the fly-half role — a combination of Thorburn 's past experience as North Harbour selector-coach and an apparent desire to dismiss Fox altogether — and he was a lively mover in the inside position .
little seemed set solid in the fly-half role — a combination of thorburn 's past experience as north harbour selector-coach and an apparent [want] to dismiss fox altogether — and he was a lively mover in the inside position .

His passion for books still raged , and so did his desire to study , to instruct himself .
his passion for books still raged , and so did his [want] to study , to instruct himself .

He was engulfed once more in an indescribable peace , and knew again , as he had known at dawn on the outskirts of Zweeloo , that he belonged to life , that the primal desire of man is to come into being , to achieve this peace .
he was engulfed once more in an indescribable peace , and knew again , as he had known at dawn on the outskirts of zweeloo , that he belonged to life , that the primal [want] of man is to come into being , to achieve this peace .

Even stronger than the need to disentangle himself from his father was his desire to break free from any association with those money-grubbing relatives of his , ‘ Messrs Van Gogh and Co , .
even stronger than the need to disentangle himself from his father was his [want] to break free from any association with those money-grubbing relatives of his , ‘ messrs van gogh and co , .

When we suffer premenstrual symptoms , such as severe mood swings , our desire for sweet and starchy carbohydrates may surge .
when we suffer premenstrual symptoms , such as severe mood swings , our [want] for sweet and starchy carbohydrates may surge .

Broccoli still is n't the object of desire .
broccoli still is n't the object of [want] .

Time after time , woman admitted to me that their partner 's success not only mattered to them in terms of money , but was a crucial component in their respect and desire for these men .
time after time , woman admitted to me that their partner 's success not only mattered to them in terms of money , but was a crucial component in their respect and [want] for these men .

Crucial to women 's desire for successful or careerist men is the desire for men to carry all the ambition and careerism of the family , because women can be extremely ambivalent about their own ambition and aggression at work .
crucial to women 's [want] for successful or careerist men is the [want] for men to carry all the ambition and careerism of the family , because women can be extremely ambivalent about their own ambition and aggression at work .

The slump in the housing market has certainly dented the view of house purchase as an investment , but the desire to buy remains strong and the quality and availability of private rental stock continues to be limited .
the slump in the housing market has certainly dented the view of house purchase as an investment , but the [want] to buy remains strong and the quality and availability of private rental stock continues to be limited .

In these circumstances the treasurer should ensure that the bank 's desire to complete the transaction does not influence its advice on the pricing of the securities .
in these circumstances the treasurer should ensure that the bank 's [want] to complete the transaction does not influence its advice on the pricing of the securities .

Apart from anything else , the demerger plan evidently reflected the desire of Sir Denys — who would chair both companies to make his mark on history .
apart from anything else , the demerger plan evidently reflected the [want] of sir denys — who would chair both companies to make his mark on history .

Charities give varying reasons for entering the Annual Report and Accounts Award , from wanting to know if their report 's overall structure is moving in the right direction , to learning from specific judges ' criticisms , but in the end , they all boil down to a desire to improve the standard of their accounts .
charities give varying reasons for entering the annual report and accounts award , from wanting to know if their report 's overall structure is moving in the right direction , to learning from specific judges ' criticisms , but in the end , they all boil down to a [want] to improve the standard of their accounts .

Benjamin 's case , though , was subtly different : for the most part family emigration seems to have been prompted at least as much by the need or the desire to leave one place as it has been by the yearning to live somewhere else .
benjamin 's case , though , was subtly different : for the most part family emigration seems to have been prompted at least as much by the need or the [want] to leave one place as it has been by the yearning to live somewhere else .

William himself , by comparison , seems to represent a remarkable degree of geographical stability : he was born and died in Islington , seems to have travelled but little , and apparently lacked either the desire or the need to move house every few years as his father had done .
william himself , by comparison , seems to represent a remarkable degree of geographical stability : he was born and died in islington , seems to have travelled but little , and apparently lacked either the [want] or the need to move house every few years as his father had done .

London , City workers , and Britain 's balance of payments , all stood to lose billions if that happened — something the Government , in its desire to cut public spending , seemed remarkably slow to grasp .
london , city workers , and britain 's balance of payments , all stood to lose billions if that happened — something the government , in its [want] to cut public spending , seemed remarkably slow to grasp .

In the case of a preference , it makes payments made within the six months preceding the bankruptcy recoverable if they were made by the debtor under the influence of a desire to better the creditor ( see Re Ledingham-Smith [ 1992 ] Vol 5 Insolvency Intelligence 65 ) .
in the case of a preference , it makes payments made within the six months preceding the bankruptcy recoverable if they were made by the debtor under the influence of a [want] to better the creditor ( see re ledingham-smith [ 1992 ] vol 5 insolvency intelligence 65 ) .

As the judge said , no doubt the Ledingham-Smiths were influenced by a desire to retain the accountants ' services , but this did not make the payments a preference in the absence of evidence that they would , not may , benefit the creditor .
as the judge said , no doubt the ledingham-smiths were influenced by a [want] to retain the accountants ' services , but this did not make the payments a preference in the absence of evidence that they would , not may , benefit the creditor .

that was dry with desire ,
that was dry with [want] ,

The nineteenth-century origins of these provisions are closely tied into a desire to hold down state expenditure and to ensure that the wealthier classes did not have to dig too deep into their pockets to support people who could not work for wages .
the nineteenth-century origins of these provisions are closely tied into a [want] to hold down state expenditure and to ensure that the wealthier classes did not have to dig too deep into their pockets to support people who could not work for wages .

People in her study , she argues , supported their kin out of a mixture of duty and genuine affection , plus feelings of pride , especially a desire to keep a member of one 's own family out of the workhouse ( Roberts , 1984 , pp .
people in her study , she argues , supported their kin out of a mixture of duty and genuine affection , plus feelings of pride , especially a [want] to keep a member of one 's own family out of the workhouse ( roberts , 1984 , pp .

The idea that there was a golden age of family obligations in the past was born out of a desire to ensure that increasing numbers of elderly people ( and other dependent groups ) in the population did not become too heavy a burden financially upon the wealthier classes ; hence the anxieties about whether working-class people had an adequate sense of ‘ filial affection ’ , which can be documented from at least the nineteenth century .
the idea that there was a golden age of family obligations in the past was born out of a [want] to ensure that increasing numbers of elderly people ( and other dependent groups ) in the population did not become too heavy a burden financially upon the wealthier classes ; hence the anxieties about whether working-class people had an adequate sense of ‘ filial affection ’ , which can be documented from at least the nineteenth century .

The Bank 's shareholders have welcomed the institution 's own desire to improve the implementation of its projects .
the bank 's shareholders have welcomed the institution 's own [want] to improve the implementation of its projects .

Most friends acknowledge two sides to a complex persona : the serious historian , devotee of Mrs Thatcher , bent on reshaping Britain ; and the uncontrollable , overgrown schoolboy with a ‘ Daddy complex ’ , endowed — in a friend 's phrase — with a ‘ maniacal desire for self-publicity ’ .
most friends acknowledge two sides to a complex persona : the serious historian , devotee of mrs thatcher , bent on reshaping britain ; and the uncontrollable , overgrown schoolboy with a ‘ daddy complex ’ , endowed — in a friend 's phrase — with a ‘ maniacal [want] for self-publicity ’ .

It has no desire to stop analysts ( or investors ) talking to companies ; but it wants to stop companies leaking information in order to smooth its impact on share prices .
it has no [want] to stop analysts ( or investors ) talking to companies ; but it wants to stop companies leaking information in order to smooth its impact on share prices .

Theologically separated Christians are no longer seen as simply ‘ outside ’ the Church , ( except by some internal desire on their part ) but , on the contrary , recognized as being united visibly with the Church even if in a state of ‘ imperfect ’ communion .
theologically separated christians are no longer seen as simply ‘ outside ’ the church , ( except by some internal [want] on their part ) but , on the contrary , recognized as being united visibly with the church even if in a state of ‘ imperfect ’ communion .

The social contract involves our sacrificing a portion of our personal liberty to achieve this end , but not out of some innate desire for the common good , since ‘ If it were possible , every one of us would prefer that the compacts binding others do not bind us ’ .
the social contract involves our sacrificing a portion of our personal liberty to achieve this end , but not out of some innate [want] for the common good , since ‘ if it were possible , every one of us would prefer that the compacts binding others do not bind us ’ .

However , they suggest that two personality traits have emerged as consistently associated : impulsiveness ( lack of ability or desire to defer gratification ) ; and undersocialisation ( lack of regard for feelings of others ) .
however , they suggest that two personality traits have emerged as consistently associated : impulsiveness ( lack of ability or [want] to defer gratification ) ; and undersocialisation ( lack of regard for feelings of others ) .

In other words , its sole defining feature ( discouraging reaction ) is predicated on the prior existence of the desire to do it .
in other words , its sole defining feature ( discouraging reaction ) is predicated on the prior existence of the [want] to do it .

Thrasher ( 1927 ) , whom we encountered in Chapter 3 as one of the founders of a control perspective , borrowed Thomas 's ( 1923 ) speculations as the basis of his universal childhood needs of security , response , recognition and desire for new experiences .
thrasher ( 1927 ) , whom we encountered in chapter 3 as one of the founders of a control perspective , borrowed thomas 's ( 1923 ) speculations as the basis of his universal childhood needs of security , response , recognition and [want] for new experiences .

Thus the vagabond , the adventurer , the spendthrift , the bohemian are dominated by the desire for new experience , but so are the inventor and scientist ; adventurers with women and the tendency to domesticity are both expressions of the desire for response ; vain ostentation and creative artistic work both are designed to provoke recognition ; avarice and business enterprise are actuated by the desire for security .
thus the vagabond , the adventurer , the spendthrift , the bohemian are dominated by the [want] for new experience , but so are the inventor and scientist ; adventurers with women and the tendency to domesticity are both expressions of the [want] for response ; vain ostentation and creative artistic work both are designed to provoke recognition ; avarice and business enterprise are actuated by the [want] for security .

Our need for ties of mutual affection — our desire to please , and our fear of hurting , or losing the affection , of those we care about — provides the earliest and one of the most potent sources of control of our deviant motivations .
our need for ties of mutual affection — our [want] to please , and our fear of hurting , or losing the affection , of those we care about — provides the earliest and one of the most potent sources of control of our deviant motivations .

Later , the presence , or even the existence , of the people we care about may not be necessary for their influence to apply , for we may retain the desire to be the kind of person who would have won their affection and approval .
later , the presence , or even the existence , of the people we care about may not be necessary for their influence to apply , for we may retain the [want] to be the kind of person who would have won their affection and approval .

As was noted earlier , Thrasher ( 1927 ) , borrowing from Thomas ( 1923 ) , rated the ‘ desire for new experiences ’ as one of his universal childhood needs .
as was noted earlier , thrasher ( 1927 ) , borrowing from thomas ( 1923 ) , rated the ‘ [want] for new experiences ’ as one of his universal childhood needs .

They came in many shapes , being made from collective desire , which fact seemed to move Sartori profoundly .
they came in many shapes , being made from collective [want] , which fact seemed to move sartori profoundly .

Her touch was so persuasive he almost succumbed to the idea of entering her again , taking her anonymity as carte blanche and indulging in the darkness every last desire he could dredge up .
her touch was so persuasive he almost succumbed to the idea of entering her again , taking her anonymity as carte blanche and indulging in the darkness every last [want] he could dredge up .

He will have to tell a puzzled people , with no great desire to put its children in harm 's way , why he is doing precisely that .
he will have to tell a puzzled people , with no great [want] to put its children in harm 's way , why he is doing precisely that .

Banks have little desire to underwrite — it is risky and demands lots of precious capital .
banks have little [want] to underwrite — it is risky and demands lots of precious capital .

Diana Dors , the secret object of the young policeman 's desire , hugged Michael long and hard .
diana dors , the secret object of the young policeman 's [want] , hugged michael long and hard .

Shakespeare is making the same point as Donne — ‘ Love 's not so pure , and abstract , as they use/To say , which have no mistress but their muse ’ — as he has done obliquely in Venus and Adonis with the picture of the horse exuding desire ( 259–324 ) .
shakespeare is making the same point as donne — ‘ love 's not so pure , and abstract , as they use/to say , which have no mistress but their muse ’ — as he has done obliquely in venus and adonis with the picture of the horse exuding [want] ( 259–324 ) .

In his second oration against Verres Cicero describes hypocrisy in terms which sound like a scenario for Iago 's undermining of Othello : In the Academica he attacks the simulatio of virtue which is assumed not out of duty but in pursuit of pleasure , and in De Finibus he denounces those whose actions are motivated by personal desire for pleasure rather than respect for the moral law .
in his second oration against verres cicero describes hypocrisy in terms which sound like a scenario for iago 's undermining of othello : in the academica he attacks the simulatio of virtue which is assumed not out of duty but in pursuit of pleasure , and in de finibus he denounces those whose actions are motivated by personal [want] for pleasure rather than respect for the moral law .

If used frequently , or if used in conjunction with the soliloquy , this mode of direct presentation brings us into closer contact with that person , so that we in part share his or her hopes and fears , become more closely involved with their desire to control the world .
if used frequently , or if used in conjunction with the soliloquy , this mode of direct presentation brings us into closer contact with that person , so that we in part share his or her hopes and fears , become more closely involved with their [want] to control the world .

At the beginning of the play Angelo , the deputy judge who rules over Vienna in the Duke 's absence , is a man of severe habits , whose austerity suppresses desire in himself and would utterly eradicate it in others .
at the beginning of the play angelo , the deputy judge who rules over vienna in the duke 's absence , is a man of severe habits , whose austerity suppresses [want] in himself and would utterly eradicate it in others .

Angelo 's judgement on Claudio , a death sentence for having got his bride with child , is severe but consistent with his principles , and he can affirm without hypocrisy , although self-righteously , Yet the confrontation with Isabella , come to appeal on her brother 's behalf , fills Angelo with desire for the first time in his life , and a soliloquy gives us this crucial information about his new state : Shakespeare there presents Angelo in a soliloquy nearer the mode of tragedy than comedy .
angelo 's judgement on claudio , a death sentence for having got his bride with child , is severe but consistent with his principles , and he can affirm without hypocrisy , although self-righteously , yet the confrontation with isabella , come to appeal on her brother 's behalf , fills angelo with [want] for the first time in his life , and a soliloquy gives us this crucial information about his new state : shakespeare there presents angelo in a soliloquy nearer the mode of tragedy than comedy .

But when we see him next , sexual desire has begun to eat away his conscience , and he feels possessed by ‘ the strong and swelling evil/Of my conception ’ ( II.iv.6f . )
but when we see him next , sexual [want] has begun to eat away his conscience , and he feels possessed by ‘ the strong and swelling evil/of my conception ’ ( ii.iv.6f . )

Macbeth resembles Angelo in many ways , his hypocrisy being similarly fed by desire yet opposed by conscience .
macbeth resembles angelo in many ways , his hypocrisy being similarly fed by [want] yet opposed by conscience .

His desire is for the crown , and the way he starts at the witches ' double prophecy shows that he already has it in mind .
his [want] is for the crown , and the way he starts at the witches ' double prophecy shows that he already has it in mind .

Since he is well built , and inventive , he argues ( in a travesty of logic that echoes Iago 's at a similar point , the thinness of the pretext revealing the strength of the desire ) , he has a right to the land reserved for the son born ‘ by order of law ’ : Since Gloucester loves both sons equally , that means that both by birth and by nature ( to the Renaissance the terms were synonymous ) he can not discriminate good from bad .
since he is well built , and inventive , he argues ( in a travesty of logic that echoes iago 's at a similar point , the thinness of the pretext revealing the strength of the [want] ) , he has a right to the land reserved for the son born ‘ by order of law ’ : since gloucester loves both sons equally , that means that both by birth and by nature ( to the renaissance the terms were synonymous ) he can not discriminate good from bad .

Having declared her desire for Edmund to Oswald ( 28ff . )
having declared her [want] for edmund to oswald ( 28ff . )

Goneril 's letter declaring her desire to Edmund is the means by which the truth is finally revealed : again appetite destroys itself .
goneril 's letter declaring her [want] to edmund is the means by which the truth is finally revealed : again appetite destroys itself .

At the time , however , they were accepted ( indeed assiduously pored over and frequently quoted by Citrine and others ) as embodying two widely-approved aspirations : firstly , a general desire to spread the benefits of cheap electricity widely ( with the ‘ public interest ’ implicitly seen as overriding the tyranny of the profit-and-loss account ) ; and secondly ( but not entirely consistently ) the view that these economic objectives should be pursued not through political or civil service channels but by the ‘ business ’ board of a public corporation with some genuine independence .
at the time , however , they were accepted ( indeed assiduously pored over and frequently quoted by citrine and others ) as embodying two widely-approved aspirations : firstly , a general [want] to spread the benefits of cheap electricity widely ( with the ‘ public interest ’ implicitly seen as overriding the tyranny of the profit-and-loss account ) ; and secondly ( but not entirely consistently ) the view that these economic objectives should be pursued not through political or civil service channels but by the ‘ business ’ board of a public corporation with some genuine independence .

It discounted their felt need for individual responsibility and their desire to be entrusted with tasks over which they alone had control .
it discounted their felt need for individual responsibility and their [want] to be entrusted with tasks over which they alone had control .

The preference of ministers and mandarins — none of whom had a desire to be exposed to public criticism — for the ‘ gentleman 's agreement ’ rather than the public discussion of serious policy issues was equally understandable .
the preference of ministers and mandarins — none of whom had a [want] to be exposed to public criticism — for the ‘ gentleman 's agreement ’ rather than the public discussion of serious policy issues was equally understandable .

It was also acceptable to a Conservative Government which , despite its rhetoric , had no desire to see politically unpopular price rises laid at its own door .
it was also acceptable to a conservative government which , despite its rhetoric , had no [want] to see politically unpopular price rises laid at its own door .

And it was not necessarily praiseworthy to kowtow to the government 's desire to avoid legislation .
and it was not necessarily praiseworthy to kowtow to the government 's [want] to avoid legislation .

Here , Mr Shultz writes , was ‘ a staff con job on the president , playing on his very human desire to get the hostages released .
here , mr shultz writes , was ‘ a staff con job on the president , playing on his very human [want] to get the hostages released .

In a county where more than one political interest existed , competition over the post of collector of supply brought many headaches for the politicians , whose desire to support a friendly candidate was tempered by their very real fears of losing the friendship of those who also desired the collectorship .
in a county where more than one political interest existed , competition over the post of collector of supply brought many headaches for the politicians , whose [want] to support a friendly candidate was tempered by their very real fears of losing the friendship of those who also desired the collectorship .

However much a politician might desire to avoid involvement in the collectorship contests , it was virtually impossible to escape being drawn in if the friends were involved .
however much a politician might [want] to avoid involvement in the collectorship contests , it was virtually impossible to escape being drawn in if the friends were involved .

In reality , according to this view , only certain groups of children and parents are interfered with by state agencies , with the objectives of upholding dominant values about child rearing , maintaining particular sorts of socialisation , and , to some degree , redistributing deprived children to members of more powerful social groups who , for various reasons , desire to care for them .
in reality , according to this view , only certain groups of children and parents are interfered with by state agencies , with the objectives of upholding dominant values about child rearing , maintaining particular sorts of socialisation , and , to some degree , redistributing deprived children to members of more powerful social groups who , for various reasons , [want] to care for them .

Because they believed — and we had better believe it also — that if they could make individuals conscious only of the need for personal gratification , they would have neither desire nor energy to combine and work for the downfall of the enemy .
because they believed — and we had better believe it also — that if they could make individuals conscious only of the need for personal gratification , they would have neither [want] nor energy to combine and work for the downfall of the enemy .

Likewise , they expressed a desire to involve parents at the centre of decision-making .
likewise , they expressed a [want] to involve parents at the centre of decision-making .

‘ He 's got to have that insane desire to be the best .
‘ he 's got to have that insane [want] to be the best .

But why , when she 's been playing for so long , has millions in the bank and leads a very active life outside the tour , does she still have the desire to compete ?
but why , when she 's been playing for so long , has millions in the bank and leads a very active life outside the tour , does she still have the [want] to compete ?

Scenting the strength of Coleby 's desire for the knife , he had beaten him up from two shillings to ten over a period of three days .
scenting the strength of coleby 's [want] for the knife , he had beaten him up from two shillings to ten over a period of three days .

In presentation something is presented , in judgement something is affirmed or denied , in love loved , in hate hated , in desire desired and so on .
in presentation something is presented , in judgement something is affirmed or denied , in love loved , in hate hated , in [want] desired and so on .

He never explained his reasons ; but obedience to his consecration oath of fidelity to the church of Canterbury would have been one reason , and the desire for absolute stability in gifts to the saints another .
he never explained his reasons ; but obedience to his consecration oath of fidelity to the church of canterbury would have been one reason , and the [want] for absolute stability in gifts to the saints another .

Second , he shows an intense dislike of his new position , and a continuing desire to resign .
second , he shows an intense dislike of his new position , and a continuing [want] to resign .

His desire for monastic peace , his obligations to Bec , his fear of the world , were all strong ; but his intellectually formulated principles were stronger .
his [want] for monastic peace , his obligations to bec , his fear of the world , were all strong ; but his intellectually formulated principles were stronger .

Once more , his lack of desire , his lack of policy in any ordinary sense of the word threw the king 's counsels into confusion .
once more , his lack of [want] , his lack of policy in any ordinary sense of the word threw the king 's counsels into confusion .

As a pastor , he had no desire to reduce England to a spiritual wilderness .
as a pastor , he had no [want] to reduce england to a spiritual wilderness .

From his earliest days as archbishop , his desire to hold a Council had been his most frequently expressed aim — expressed in vain while Rufus reigned , but almost at once realized under Henry .
from his earliest days as archbishop , his [want] to hold a council had been his most frequently expressed aim — expressed in vain while rufus reigned , but almost at once realized under henry .

But even without this greater leverage , it is highly unlikely that Henry would have made difficulties over Anselm 's desire to revert to Lanfranc 's policy of holding ecclesiastical Councils .
but even without this greater leverage , it is highly unlikely that henry would have made difficulties over anselm 's [want] to revert to lanfranc 's policy of holding ecclesiastical councils .

She had known that she was playing with fire , her own emotions had been awakened and she no longer trusted herself to be level-headed where Craig was concerned and yet was n't that half-fearful desire a challenge , a part of the fascination she felt for Craig Grenfell ?
she had known that she was playing with fire , her own emotions had been awakened and she no longer trusted herself to be level-headed where craig was concerned and yet was n't that half-fearful [want] a challenge , a part of the fascination she felt for craig grenfell ?

Love flared through her , she felt desire and sadness too because she knew this was a fleeting moment .
love flared through her , she felt [want] and sadness too because she knew this was a fleeting moment .

Although the Czech delegation , consisting of the directors and head curators from virtually every major gallery in Bohemia and Moravia , expressed a real desire for a quicker and fuller integration with the wider art world , it soon became apparent that the Czechs are not yet ready to engage fully with their Western counterparts .
although the czech delegation , consisting of the directors and head curators from virtually every major gallery in bohemia and moravia , expressed a real [want] for a quicker and fuller integration with the wider art world , it soon became apparent that the czechs are not yet ready to engage fully with their western counterparts .

For a start , Murdo has been here before with his previous band , the cruelly ignored Cateran , and has no desire to repeat that experience .
for a start , murdo has been here before with his previous band , the cruelly ignored cateran , and has no [want] to repeat that experience .

‘ No theory explains everything , ’ she remarks elsewhere , ‘ yet it is just the desire to explain everything which is the spur of theory .
‘ no theory explains everything , ’ she remarks elsewhere , ‘ yet it is just the [want] to explain everything which is the spur of theory .

There is a rising demand for sheltered accommodation for those who can no longer live an entirely independent life and desire some regular supervision rather than admission to a residential home .
there is a rising demand for sheltered accommodation for those who can no longer live an entirely independent life and [want] some regular supervision rather than admission to a residential home .

The former suggests that retirement spread through unfettered consumer desire for more leisure , that industrialization progressively excluded older workers but also created the national wealth and political will ( through the establishment of mass democracy ) to support them on state pension schemes , and that increasing personal prosperity led to the individual 's growing ability to save through a private pension .
the former suggests that retirement spread through unfettered consumer [want] for more leisure , that industrialization progressively excluded older workers but also created the national wealth and political will ( through the establishment of mass democracy ) to support them on state pension schemes , and that increasing personal prosperity led to the individual 's growing ability to save through a private pension .

If , for example , one aim of private insurance was to deflect the work-force away from militancy whilst investing in human capital , trades union support for higher state pensions at earlier ages reflected a desire to create jobs for younger men whilst minimizing their own potential benefit payments .
if , for example , one aim of private insurance was to deflect the work-force away from militancy whilst investing in human capital , trades union support for higher state pensions at earlier ages reflected a [want] to create jobs for younger men whilst minimizing their own potential benefit payments .

The 1925 Widows ' , Orphans ' and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act was thus the product of several impulses — desire by the advocates of 1924 ‘ new Conservatism ’ ( especially Neville Chamberlain ) to forge a specifically Conservative brand of social reform in the new post-1918 conditions of virtual mass democracy , the mothers ' pensions challenge by Labour , the ‘ all-in insurance ’ activity within Whitehall in 1923–4 ( represented by the Anderson and Watson Committees ) , and the first glimmerings of realization that better pensions might encourage retirement and reduce the unemployment statistics .
the 1925 widows ' , orphans ' and old age contributory pensions act was thus the product of several impulses — [want] by the advocates of 1924 ‘ new conservatism ’ ( especially neville chamberlain ) to forge a specifically conservative brand of social reform in the new post-1918 conditions of virtual mass democracy , the mothers ' pensions challenge by labour , the ‘ all-in insurance ’ activity within whitehall in 1923–4 ( represented by the anderson and watson committees ) , and the first glimmerings of realization that better pensions might encourage retirement and reduce the unemployment statistics .

Yet it is evident that the timing of the Act had been determined by Churchill 's desire to popularize his first budget and , with the rate of pension remaining static despite inflation , the continuing poverty of many elderly people merely testified to the inefficacy of such posturing in a climate of financial stringency .
yet it is evident that the timing of the act had been determined by churchill 's [want] to popularize his first budget and , with the rate of pension remaining static despite inflation , the continuing poverty of many elderly people merely testified to the inefficacy of such posturing in a climate of financial stringency .

On the other hand , political demands and the desire of citizens for leisure in old age were also important , and possibly there was a causal connection with the growth of paid holidays and a shorter working week .
on the other hand , political demands and the [want] of citizens for leisure in old age were also important , and possibly there was a causal connection with the growth of paid holidays and a shorter working week .

Such schemes were an attempt to accommodate the desire of many older people to continue in at least part-time work and to find new ways of continuing the older tradition of gradual transition from full-time work to full retirement .
such schemes were an attempt to accommodate the [want] of many older people to continue in at least part-time work and to find new ways of continuing the older tradition of gradual transition from full-time work to full retirement .

In these cases , financial security , a reluctance to move to a new employer , and proximity to the statutory pension age , coupled with a desire to do other things with their time or simply to stop working , led them to opt for early retirement .
in these cases , financial security , a reluctance to move to a new employer , and proximity to the statutory pension age , coupled with a [want] to do other things with their time or simply to stop working , led them to opt for early retirement .

All that is motivated by their desire to compete against rugby league .
all that is motivated by their [want] to compete against rugby league .

Take one look at Winterbottom lining up his man and you can almost touch the raw passion in the man , sense the burning desire to knock the stuffing out of his opponent .
take one look at winterbottom lining up his man and you can almost touch the raw passion in the man , sense the burning [want] to knock the stuffing out of his opponent .

He will certainly play another club season at the Quins and , although he certainly nurtures a strong desire to play against the South Africans in November , he realises that come the new season he may not feel quite as strongly .
he will certainly play another club season at the quins and , although he certainly nurtures a strong [want] to play against the south africans in november , he realises that come the new season he may not feel quite as strongly .

Your Chairmanship of the Trustees of the National Gallery ( 1985–91 ) coincided with important changes in the nature of British national museums which were a direct consequence of Mrs Thatcher 's desire to increase accountability and reduce spending in the public sector .
your chairmanship of the trustees of the national gallery ( 1985–91 ) coincided with important changes in the nature of british national museums which were a direct consequence of mrs thatcher 's [want] to increase accountability and reduce spending in the public sector .

Earlier Romantic interests in dream , haunting and death were revivified by Odilon Redon 's lithographs and drawings and transposed into a mawkish fascination with human decollation and disembodiment ( a prescient subject of much Surrealist interest later ) , witness perhaps of his desire to escape from the strictures of the body where only material limitation and disease existed — the concerns of eschatology , sexuality and mysticism certainly haunted Redon as they do so much Symbolist thought .
earlier romantic interests in dream , haunting and death were revivified by odilon redon 's lithographs and drawings and transposed into a mawkish fascination with human decollation and disembodiment ( a prescient subject of much surrealist interest later ) , witness perhaps of his [want] to escape from the strictures of the body where only material limitation and disease existed — the concerns of eschatology , sexuality and mysticism certainly haunted redon as they do so much symbolist thought .

These are questions raised by an exhibition at Desire Feuerle , Hansaring 77 .
these are questions raised by an exhibition at [want] feuerle , hansaring 77 .

When space is no longer the obscure object of scientific desire , its history becomes evident .
when space is no longer the obscure object of scientific [want] , its history becomes evident .

Is there hanything helse you would desire ?
is there hanything helse you would [want] ?

What more could you desire ? '
what more could you [want] ? '

He blames the current problems on a lack of clear leadership , leading to a policy dilemma : ‘ On the one hand there was the desire to concentrate on the museum 's own collections , and on the other there was the attempt to become part of the dynamic international art scene ’ .
he blames the current problems on a lack of clear leadership , leading to a policy dilemma : ‘ on the one hand there was the [want] to concentrate on the museum 's own collections , and on the other there was the attempt to become part of the dynamic international art scene ’ .

Despite an obvious desire to hold out against its bigger competitors , Phillips have been forced to give in on the issue of increased buyers ' premium .
despite an obvious [want] to hold out against its bigger competitors , phillips have been forced to give in on the issue of increased buyers ' premium .

The decision not to simply take over the entire MoMA show was made partly on the grounds that the Pompidou has already mounted a major Matisse retrospective ( in 1971 ) , and partly through a desire to study in depth a period of the artist 's life now viewed as fundamental for the development of twentieth-century painting .
the decision not to simply take over the entire moma show was made partly on the grounds that the pompidou has already mounted a major matisse retrospective ( in 1971 ) , and partly through a [want] to study in depth a period of the artist 's life now viewed as fundamental for the development of twentieth-century painting .

The Council still remains the organ with the broadest spread of democratic membership : it is the West European body which perhaps will benefit first from the revolutionary changes or-1989 in Eastern Europe precisely because of its more ‘ bland ’ nature : in 1990 Poland signified its desire to join the Council .
the council still remains the organ with the broadest spread of democratic membership : it is the west european body which perhaps will benefit first from the revolutionary changes or-1989 in eastern europe precisely because of its more ‘ bland ’ nature : in 1990 poland signified its [want] to join the council .

Here is more than the chance to do a bit of direct selling or attract further commissions ; there should be the desire to communicate and work with others .
here is more than the chance to do a bit of direct selling or attract further commissions ; there should be the [want] to communicate and work with others .

ideal facilities , the surrounding landscape and desire for uncompromising inquiry gives Herringbroom Studio its unique spirit .
ideal facilities , the surrounding landscape and [want] for uncompromising inquiry gives herringbroom studio its unique spirit .

For David Prentice the desire to paint the landscape encompasses much more than simply an aim to record its appearance
for david prentice the [want] to paint the landscape encompasses much more than simply an aim to record its appearance

Unfortunately , all too often ‘ ideal ’ conditions turn out to be no such thing and the dejected suitor must return home , desire unrequited .
unfortunately , all too often ‘ ideal ’ conditions turn out to be no such thing and the dejected suitor must return home , [want] unrequited .

Joe 's obsessive desire to know what is happening brings disastrous results .
joe 's obsessive [want] to know what is happening brings disastrous results .

Davis has noted the unease as late as the mid-1820s of some members of the committee of the Anti-Slavery Society over Cropper 's desire to see public meetings addressed by travelling agents because of the association of such methods with other , divisive reform causes .
davis has noted the unease as late as the mid-1820s of some members of the committee of the anti-slavery society over cropper 's [want] to see public meetings addressed by travelling agents because of the association of such methods with other , divisive reform causes .

The Unitarian minister and editor Edwin Chapman underlined that desire to overcome separation when in his thanksgiving sermon on Emancipation Day in 1834 he proclaimed that it was the Christian principle evinced by all the sects and parties which had brought on the victory .
the unitarian minister and editor edwin chapman underlined that [want] to overcome separation when in his thanksgiving sermon on emancipation day in 1834 he proclaimed that it was the christian principle evinced by all the sects and parties which had brought on the victory .

They may have believed too that he appeared too prominently in his own History — the desire for reputation again .
they may have believed too that he appeared too prominently in his own history — the [want] for reputation again .

In the Renaissance , which began in Italy in the fifteenth century , ancient art and literature began to be rediscovered with a freshness which inspired a new confidence in man 's capacity to enquire into and understand the past as it had really been , and a desire to emulate its achievements for himself .
in the renaissance , which began in italy in the fifteenth century , ancient art and literature began to be rediscovered with a freshness which inspired a new confidence in man 's capacity to enquire into and understand the past as it had really been , and a [want] to emulate its achievements for himself .

This kind of desire for a natural — and ‘ reasonable ’ — religion developed strongly in deism , and led to the same kind of conflict with orthodoxy as with the Bible and miracles .
this kind of [want] for a natural — and ‘ reasonable ’ — religion developed strongly in deism , and led to the same kind of conflict with orthodoxy as with the bible and miracles .

The desire for natural religion reflected an awareness that religious faith has to do with the inner life of human beings , that it connects up with profound needs , drives and searchings at the core of our existence .
the [want] for natural religion reflected an awareness that religious faith has to do with the inner life of human beings , that it connects up with profound needs , drives and searchings at the core of our existence .

Religion reflects man 's desire to be the God he imagines .
religion reflects man 's [want] to be the god he imagines .

Gone now was the concern with ‘ religion ’ , so central for Ritschl and Schleiermacher , and their desire to commend ‘ the Christian faith ’ to their contemporary culture ; gone too was the emphasis on inwardness or on history as the avenues into the meaning of the gospel .
gone now was the concern with ‘ religion ’ , so central for ritschl and schleiermacher , and their [want] to commend ‘ the christian faith ’ to their contemporary culture ; gone too was the emphasis on inwardness or on history as the avenues into the meaning of the gospel .

The same desire to articulate theology as something of beauty and of joy in the light of the God who has made himself known to us in Jesus Christ runs through all thirteen volumes , and makes them a unique achievement .
the same [want] to articulate theology as something of beauty and of joy in the light of the god who has made himself known to us in jesus christ runs through all thirteen volumes , and makes them a unique achievement .

If you do desire greenery , it is best to use large plastic plants .
if you do [want] greenery , it is best to use large plastic plants .

All three Synods have some common features , a desire to be attentive to the circumstances of today 's world , a desire to deepen our mutual understanding of what it means to be the church , following our different callings and collaborating in our common mission , and a call to renew our sense of being an evangelising church .
all three synods have some common features , a [want] to be attentive to the circumstances of today 's world , a [want] to deepen our mutual understanding of what it means to be the church , following our different callings and collaborating in our common mission , and a call to renew our sense of being an evangelising church .

Therefore it would also seem possible to learn a functional sign language without a positive desire to become deaf on the part of the hearing learner ; nevertheless , it has been the case in the past that those who have learned sign language have often been cast in the integrative mould and have had their views devalued by the hearing community because of it .
therefore it would also seem possible to learn a functional sign language without a positive [want] to become deaf on the part of the hearing learner ; nevertheless , it has been the case in the past that those who have learned sign language have often been cast in the integrative mould and have had their views devalued by the hearing community because of it .

The years following upon the Plowden Report were ones in which primary practice was subject to intense and continued re-evaluation . The child 's ‘ instinctive ’ desire to learn ( taken for granted by supporters of a child-centred approach ) was questioned and subjected to the academic scrutiny which the authors of the Report had themselves invited :
the years following upon the plowden report were ones in which primary practice was subject to intense and continued re-evaluation . the child 's ‘ instinctive ’ [want] to learn ( taken for granted by supporters of a child-centred approach ) was questioned and subjected to the academic scrutiny which the authors of the report had themselves invited :

The new phrases were not so much an indication of the desire to con firm that a revolution in our attitude to young children and their learning had happened , but an attempt to proclaim it .
the new phrases were not so much an indication of the [want] to con firm that a revolution in our attitude to young children and their learning had happened , but an attempt to proclaim it .

This fear of being intellectually inadequate ( an unnecessary fear where we , the adults , have so much experience of life to share with the children in our care ) is eased by a subconscious desire to help the less able .
this fear of being intellectually inadequate ( an unnecessary fear where we , the adults , have so much experience of life to share with the children in our care ) is eased by a subconscious [want] to help the less able .

Desire and dedication .
[want] and dedication .

And desire and dedication are easier to come by when the alternative is a one-way ticket back to the ghetto .
and [want] and dedication are easier to come by when the alternative is a one-way ticket back to the ghetto .

Conteh 's decision brought benefits in the form of a world light-heavyweight title in 1975 though his desire to sever links with the main promotional power bloc led to his eventual demise .
conteh 's decision brought benefits in the form of a world light-heavyweight title in 1975 though his [want] to sever links with the main promotional power bloc led to his eventual demise .

They consistently underachieve at school and demonstrate little desire to make headway along a career avenue to success .
they consistently underachieve at school and demonstrate little [want] to make headway along a career avenue to success .

Much of this was funded by personal borrowing , providing jobs in Credit and Banking ; the security for lending often coming from people 's own homes , as the desire to own and furnish better homes set off a spiral of house-price inflation .
much of this was funded by personal borrowing , providing jobs in credit and banking ; the security for lending often coming from people 's own homes , as the [want] to own and furnish better homes set off a spiral of house-price inflation .

To each soul , be they merchant or prospector , mannered gentlewoman or rough-handed son of toil , Drachenfels told a story which appealed to their own greatest vanity or desire : warmth and shelter , food and drink , society and snobberies , paintings and poets and Elven musicians … They would , he promised laughingly , dance until they dropped .
to each soul , be they merchant or prospector , mannered gentlewoman or rough-handed son of toil , drachenfels told a story which appealed to their own greatest vanity or [want] : warmth and shelter , food and drink , society and snobberies , paintings and poets and elven musicians … they would , he promised laughingly , dance until they dropped .

The creature flings itself on the nearest character , crazed with pain and the desire to escape .
the creature flings itself on the nearest character , crazed with pain and the [want] to escape .

There may also be a desire to utilise comparative studies for practical policy considerations by attempting to derive ‘ lessons ’ from overseas experience .
there may also be a [want] to utilise comparative studies for practical policy considerations by attempting to derive ‘ lessons ’ from overseas experience .

There may also be a need for more predictable and controlled behaviour on the part of the labour force , particularly in relation to the calling of strikes ; that is , a desire for labour , as well as for market , regulation and control .
there may also be a need for more predictable and controlled behaviour on the part of the labour force , particularly in relation to the calling of strikes ; that is , a [want] for labour , as well as for market , regulation and control .

In the car industry , control of the labour process through machine-pacing was also not generally regarded as a viable strategy by British management in the context of the existence of powerful labour organisations at the point of production and a desire to reduce the perceived increasing antagonism of labour to capital .
in the car industry , control of the labour process through machine-pacing was also not generally regarded as a viable strategy by british management in the context of the existence of powerful labour organisations at the point of production and a [want] to reduce the perceived increasing antagonism of labour to capital .

Although Henry 's desire to have a new wife and greater control over the English church was the primary incentive for the schism , Cromwell and the members of Anne Boleyn 's faction were also keen to bring about reform of the church ( see Chapters 4 and 6 ) .
although henry 's [want] to have a new wife and greater control over the english church was the primary incentive for the schism , cromwell and the members of anne boleyn 's faction were also keen to bring about reform of the church ( see chapters 4 and 6 ) .

In reality , however , such expectations were entirely unfounded , for by now neither Henry nor Thomas Cromwell had any great desire to mend the breach , or at least not on terms that would undermine the newly promulgated royal supremacy .
in reality , however , such expectations were entirely unfounded , for by now neither henry nor thomas cromwell had any great [want] to mend the breach , or at least not on terms that would undermine the newly promulgated royal supremacy .

His decision to do so , however , appears to have been motivated more by his belief that he had been personally insulted by the Spanish during the earlier marriage negotiations and by a romantic desire to restore his sister and brother-in-law to their inheritance than by any wish to display solidarity with the Protestant cause , which was crumbling away before the seemingly irresistible progress of the Hapsburg armies .
his decision to do so , however , appears to have been motivated more by his belief that he had been personally insulted by the spanish during the earlier marriage negotiations and by a romantic [want] to restore his sister and brother-in-law to their inheritance than by any wish to display solidarity with the protestant cause , which was crumbling away before the seemingly irresistible progress of the hapsburg armies .

Burton had no middle-class expectations , and certainly no desire to ape aristocratic ways he was not heir to .
burton had no middle-class expectations , and certainly no [want] to ape aristocratic ways he was not heir to .

God is love , and in a moment of ecstasy , of uncalculated desire , created outside his personal communion the spiritual universe .
god is love , and in a moment of ecstasy , of uncalculated [want] , created outside his personal communion the spiritual universe .

Had she not treated her subordinates with vindictiveness and meanness , Elena 's desire to cut a figure as ‘ a world-ranking scientist ’ would have a comical charm .
had she not treated her subordinates with vindictiveness and meanness , elena 's [want] to cut a figure as ‘ a world-ranking scientist ’ would have a comical charm .

Ironically , according to Silviu Brucan , who briefed the Romanian politburo on the implications of such a step , Ceauşescu was the most prominent member of the Romanian politburo who opposed Dej 's desire to make clear the limits of Khruschev 's influence over Romania .
ironically , according to silviu brucan , who briefed the romanian politburo on the implications of such a step , ceauşescu was the most prominent member of the romanian politburo who opposed dej 's [want] to make clear the limits of khruschev 's influence over romania .

In 1968 , Benn 's desire to sell Romania sophisticated jet-engines was frustrated ‘ despite the fact that Ceauşescu made a courageous speech attacking the invasion of Czechoslovakia .
in 1968 , benn 's [want] to sell romania sophisticated jet-engines was frustrated ‘ despite the fact that ceauşescu made a courageous speech attacking the invasion of czechoslovakia .

British academic institutions which had been involved in satisfying Elena Ceauşescu 's desire for recognition by her colleagues handled their embarrassment with little aplomb after Christmas 1989 .
british academic institutions which had been involved in satisfying elena ceauşescu 's [want] for recognition by her colleagues handled their embarrassment with little aplomb after christmas 1989 .

Modern archaeologists have at least been able to conjecture possible rational motives for the primitive societies to have devoted enormous efforts to building pyramids or stonehenges , such as their use as astronomical or more likely astrological observatories . What possible reason would scholars of the distant future have been able to deduce from that verbiage to explain the consumption of vast resources on the Civic Centre in Bucharest — except the desire to perpetuate domination even from beyond the grave ?
modern archaeologists have at least been able to conjecture possible rational motives for the primitive societies to have devoted enormous efforts to building pyramids or stonehenges , such as their use as astronomical or more likely astrological observatories . what possible reason would scholars of the distant future have been able to deduce from that verbiage to explain the consumption of vast resources on the civic centre in bucharest — except the [want] to perpetuate domination even from beyond the grave ?

The desire to teach the experts a lesson took on manic proportions .
the [want] to teach the experts a lesson took on manic proportions .

Furthermore , the desire to join a group is often very strong indeed .
furthermore , the [want] to join a group is often very strong indeed .

The desire for a national culture is seen as damagingly conservative , often ‘ racist ’ and almost inevitably unsympathetic to the rights of women .
the [want] for a national culture is seen as damagingly conservative , often ‘ racist ’ and almost inevitably unsympathetic to the rights of women .

In his essay in Salmagundi , Robert Scholes argues that conservatives desire a common curriculum — any common curriculum — because this would have a unifying effect upon a society that suffers from an excess of pluralism , and this unifying effect , an achieved cultural consensus , would in itself be a good thing for the country socially and politically .
in his essay in salmagundi , robert scholes argues that conservatives [want] a common curriculum — any common curriculum — because this would have a unifying effect upon a society that suffers from an excess of pluralism , and this unifying effect , an achieved cultural consensus , would in itself be a good thing for the country socially and politically .

In England the desire for an ‘ English ’ tradition is said to hide a deep fear of our present multi-cultural society , a determination to maintain our present class structure , the hierarchies of power which give Oxbridge dons their privileged and cushioned existence .
in england the [want] for an ‘ english ’ tradition is said to hide a deep fear of our present multi-cultural society , a determination to maintain our present class structure , the hierarchies of power which give oxbridge dons their privileged and cushioned existence .

In my Working Group 's recommendations for the teaching of literature we tried to balance the arguments for national unity with the need for a curriculum which respected the present cultural diversity of our society ( the same desire for unity and diversity underpins our recommendations on Standard English and dialects ) .
in my working group 's recommendations for the teaching of literature we tried to balance the arguments for national unity with the need for a curriculum which respected the present cultural diversity of our society ( the same [want] for unity and diversity underpins our recommendations on standard english and dialects ) .

No clutter , modern yet not strident , leading to a desire to embrace one another in the fullness of truth as we share in the very mysteries of redemption through the sacramental life of the Church .
no clutter , modern yet not strident , leading to a [want] to embrace one another in the fullness of truth as we share in the very mysteries of redemption through the sacramental life of the church .

At the Church Meeting on the 9th , we appointed Jim Brooks as our new church secretary in succession to Malcolm Brown who had intimated in June his desire to step down from the post .
at the church meeting on the 9th , we appointed jim brooks as our new church secretary in succession to malcolm brown who had intimated in june his [want] to step down from the post .

At the same time , we need to make sure we respect people 's desire to have a few moments quietness immediately before and after worship .
at the same time , we need to make sure we respect people 's [want] to have a few moments quietness immediately before and after worship .

It is important for us all to remember that everyone who shared in the meeting did so out of good conscience and with a genuine desire to find God 's will for us .
it is important for us all to remember that everyone who shared in the meeting did so out of good conscience and with a genuine [want] to find god 's will for us .

She felt a sudden desire to dye her hair blonde and keep dyeing it every day so that the roots would never show .
she felt a sudden [want] to dye her hair blonde and keep dyeing it every day so that the roots would never show .

You may produce home-grown mistletoe , so desirable at Christmas .. For centuries , it has provided an excuse for people to kiss each other , even encouraging shy folks to kiss their hearts ' desire .
you may produce home-grown mistletoe , so desirable at christmas .. for centuries , it has provided an excuse for people to kiss each other , even encouraging shy folks to kiss their hearts ' [want] .

Therefore the laudable desire to contextualise the message must not be pressed to provide a carte blanche advocacy of every aspect of a particular culture .
therefore the laudable [want] to contextualise the message must not be pressed to provide a carte blanche advocacy of every aspect of a particular culture .

Desire to know and understand
[want] to know and understand

Vague idealism , and a general desire to help others are not enough in the way of protection , for other people too have power and drives which are seeking a focus .
vague idealism , and a general [want] to help others are not enough in the way of protection , for other people too have power and drives which are seeking a focus .

Which he to soothe his bond desire ,
which he to soothe his bond [want] ,

See the deepest bonds and drives of all , and then , weaving over and around them , the light and shade of work and leisure , love , ambition and desire .
see the deepest bonds and drives of all , and then , weaving over and around them , the light and shade of work and leisure , love , ambition and [want] .

Perhaps the tremendous upsurge of female creativity over the last hundred years or so , particularly in the fields of literature and art , may be connected with the increasing desire of women to use for themselves ‘ the light principle ’ .
perhaps the tremendous upsurge of female creativity over the last hundred years or so , particularly in the fields of literature and art , may be connected with the increasing [want] of women to use for themselves ‘ the light principle ’ .

On the face of it , the phrase refers to the desire to walk freely in cities and streets at night , without fear of attack .
on the face of it , the phrase refers to the [want] to walk freely in cities and streets at night , without fear of attack .

Men and women both know what it is to wake in the night and find fierce emotions pounding within them — desire or rage that is not allowed such free rein during the day .
men and women both know what it is to wake in the night and find fierce emotions pounding within them — [want] or rage that is not allowed such free rein during the day .

She fulfilled her desire and became pregnant from her desire .
she fulfilled her [want] and became pregnant from her [want] .

The angels who were over the desire nourished him .
the angels who were over the [want] nourished him .

The desire may come in adolescence , in early womanhood or even later ; some claim that it never comes at all .
the [want] may come in adolescence , in early womanhood or even later ; some claim that it never comes at all .

With this new departure comes a desire to discover fresh approaches and further subjects for his exploration , an endless process of examination of which he is certain he will never tire .
with this new departure comes a [want] to discover fresh approaches and further subjects for his exploration , an endless process of examination of which he is certain he will never tire .

This is true of the paintings and also , in the last few year , of Jacqueline 's desire to create sculptural pieces .
this is true of the paintings and also , in the last few year , of jacqueline 's [want] to create sculptural pieces .

The old fulminations against political alliances will be heard , and the old predictions of financial disaster will be trotted out ; the old yarns about schemes of interested but impecunious politicians who desire to insert their capacious hands into our money chests will be ventilated ; we shall , in fact , be inundated by all the old bosh which has so long confused the issues and blocked the way to advance in the direction of cooperative representation .
the old fulminations against political alliances will be heard , and the old predictions of financial disaster will be trotted out ; the old yarns about schemes of interested but impecunious politicians who [want] to insert their capacious hands into our money chests will be ventilated ; we shall , in fact , be inundated by all the old bosh which has so long confused the issues and blocked the way to advance in the direction of cooperative representation .

Pledges to check expenditure were not kept ; indeed , it continued to rise , as did the district rate , a fact that was conveniently blamed on the unfortunate legacy of labour 's investment programme , but was due rather to the desire of the Alliance to extend municipal enterprise and trading , particularly in tram-ways and electricity .
pledges to check expenditure were not kept ; indeed , it continued to rise , as did the district rate , a fact that was conveniently blamed on the unfortunate legacy of labour 's investment programme , but was due rather to the [want] of the alliance to extend municipal enterprise and trading , particularly in tram-ways and electricity .

They can be ‘ Labour ’ or ‘ Cooperative ’ or conscientious objectors when it suits , but whatever they disguise themselves as , their object is the same — to bring about a ‘ class war ’ … The Alliance again appeals to all unselfish men and women — and to the electors who desire to see West Ham governed in the interests of all classes , for all to receive just and fair consideration — to take their part in bringing this about .
they can be ‘ labour ’ or ‘ cooperative ’ or conscientious objectors when it suits , but whatever they disguise themselves as , their object is the same — to bring about a ‘ class war ’ … the alliance again appeals to all unselfish men and women — and to the electors who [want] to see west ham governed in the interests of all classes , for all to receive just and fair consideration — to take their part in bringing this about .

‘ We can not have all that we desire in this life , ’ pointed out Joan in a tone remarkably like that of their confessor , Father Powicke . Such might endanger our immortal souls ! ’
‘ we can not have all that we [want] in this life , ’ pointed out joan in a tone remarkably like that of their confessor , father powicke . such might endanger our immortal souls ! ’

‘ If that be your desire , my lord .
‘ if that be your [want] , my lord .

‘ The desire of a kingdom knows no kindred , ’ she told the deputation .
‘ the [want] of a kingdom knows no kindred , ’ she told the deputation .

She realized that it stemmed , not from a noble desire to serve the royal family in general , but from a somewhat ignoble desire to see Edward in particular .
she realized that it stemmed , not from a noble [want] to serve the royal family in general , but from a somewhat ignoble [want] to see edward in particular .

They [ the Stationers ] have so pestered their printing-houses and shops with fruitless volumes that the ancient and renowned authors are almost buried among them as forgotten … so they who desire knowledge are still kept ignorant ; their ignorance increaseth their affection to vain toys ; their affection makes the stationer to increase his provision of such stuff , and at last you shall see nothing to be sold amongst us but … Bevis of Southampton or such trumpery .
they [ the stationers ] have so pestered their printing-houses and shops with fruitless volumes that the ancient and renowned authors are almost buried among them as forgotten … so they who [want] knowledge are still kept ignorant ; their ignorance increaseth their affection to vain toys ; their affection makes the stationer to increase his provision of such stuff , and at last you shall see nothing to be sold amongst us but … bevis of southampton or such trumpery .

Whilst the extension of the franchise and Christopher Addison 's hopes for building the ‘ homes fit for heroes ’ showed a genuine desire for the radical elements in government to reform British society , the fact that Britain needed to export nearly one-third of her output to pay for essential imports necessitated the re-establishment of settled trading patterns and the development of new markets .
whilst the extension of the franchise and christopher addison 's hopes for building the ‘ homes fit for heroes ’ showed a genuine [want] for the radical elements in government to reform british society , the fact that britain needed to export nearly one-third of her output to pay for essential imports necessitated the re-establishment of settled trading patterns and the development of new markets .

The desire for popular education and self-improvement for the masses was at its peak .
the [want] for popular education and self-improvement for the masses was at its peak .

The division of labour itself was not , as economists had long held , caused by a desire for greater productivity .
the division of labour itself was not , as economists had long held , caused by a [want] for greater productivity .

This desire to classify and categorize experience , and thus to render it manageable , seems to be present or implied in all schemes of symbolism .
this [want] to classify and categorize experience , and thus to render it manageable , seems to be present or implied in all schemes of symbolism .

As is well known , Freud saw the Oedipus myth as symbolizing a son 's desire to possess his mother and kill his father .
as is well known , freud saw the oedipus myth as symbolizing a son 's [want] to possess his mother and kill his father .

( 3 ) The third consideration supposedly favouring preference utilitarianism was that we may desire things other than experiences for ourselves .
( 3 ) the third consideration supposedly favouring preference utilitarianism was that we may [want] things other than experiences for ourselves .

Rather does he base his recommendations ( which , in general , are in line with the basic directives of Christianity and Judaism ) on the fact ( as he believes it to be ) that a man who thinks adequately on the matter will see them as pointing out the means to his own deepest heart 's desire of personally fulfilled living .
rather does he base his recommendations ( which , in general , are in line with the basic directives of christianity and judaism ) on the fact ( as he believes it to be ) that a man who thinks adequately on the matter will see them as pointing out the means to his own deepest heart 's [want] of personally fulfilled living .

He contended that pleasure could only arise from the satisfaction of an impulse and that therefore there could be no pleasure , and no possibility of satisfying a desire for pleasure , unless there were impulses towards things other than pleasure .
he contended that pleasure could only arise from the satisfaction of an impulse and that therefore there could be no pleasure , and no possibility of satisfying a [want] for pleasure , unless there were impulses towards things other than pleasure .

because we have a direct desire for these things .
because we have a direct [want] for these things .

Besides the particular passions or impulses directed at objects other than pleasure , a human being has ; more general desire that he should enjoy as much pleasure or happiness as possible , during his life as a whole , which is as much as to say , a desire that the totality of his impulse ; directed at objects other than his own pleasure should receive as much satisfaction as possible .
besides the particular passions or impulses directed at objects other than pleasure , a human being has ; more general [want] that he should enjoy as much pleasure or happiness as possible , during his life as a whole , which is as much as to say , a [want] that the totality of his impulse ; directed at objects other than his own pleasure should receive as much satisfaction as possible .

This more general desire is called self love or prudence .
this more general [want] is called self love or prudence .

It once being realized that one can desire things other than pleasure , there is no reason to fudge the fact that people evidently have , to some extent , a desire for the happiness of others , whether of people in general or of particular people .
it once being realized that one can [want] things other than pleasure , there is no reason to fudge the fact that people evidently have , to some extent , a [want] for the happiness of others , whether of people in general or of particular people .

Basic impulses towards such things as food , drink , warmth and sex are called particular passions by Butler , and stand in contrast to self love ( or prudence ) and benevolence which are the desire to have a maximal balanced satisfaction of the particular passions either in ourselves or in others .
basic impulses towards such things as food , drink , warmth and sex are called particular passions by butler , and stand in contrast to self love ( or prudence ) and benevolence which are the [want] to have a maximal balanced satisfaction of the particular passions either in ourselves or in others .

He can then argue that once one has advanced beyond the superstition that all desire is for oneself having pleasure , one has no reason of principle for denying the apparent fact that some desire is directed at occurrences not involving oneself at all , but rather the welfare of others .
he can then argue that once one has advanced beyond the superstition that all [want] is for oneself having pleasure , one has no reason of principle for denying the apparent fact that some [want] is directed at occurrences not involving oneself at all , but rather the welfare of others .

For one thing he certainly over-states it when he says that pleasure always comes from satisfaction of an antecedent desire for something other than pleasure .
for one thing he certainly over-states it when he says that pleasure always comes from satisfaction of an antecedent [want] for something other than pleasure .

Even the egoist sees that it is unnatural ( however common ) to let a particular desire weigh against the judgement of self love as to one 's best long term welfare .
even the egoist sees that it is unnatural ( however common ) to let a particular [want] weigh against the judgement of self love as to one 's best long term welfare .

In the light of that recognition , he can not dismiss as mere fantasy the sense we all have that it would be an unnatural organization of our nature if some slight personal desire was given its head against benevolent concern with some major aspect of the welfare of others .
in the light of that recognition , he can not dismiss as mere fantasy the sense we all have that it would be an unnatural organization of our nature if some slight personal [want] was given its head against benevolent concern with some major aspect of the welfare of others .

In view of that , we can recognize the possibility that as rational beings we fall under a system of law which we have somehow ourselves brought into being , and that it is our task while appearing to exist in the sensory world to live according to that law , in spite of the fact that what we appear to be is simply animals driven by sensory desire .
in view of that , we can recognize the possibility that as rational beings we fall under a system of law which we have somehow ourselves brought into being , and that it is our task while appearing to exist in the sensory world to live according to that law , in spite of the fact that what we appear to be is simply animals driven by sensory [want] .

Four ‘ change-facilitating factors ’ are picked out by Ramon ; heavy and unchanging reliance on segregated institutions ; the existence of a minority of psychiatrists prepared to act politically ( while not having the desire to act in a party political framework ) ; the autonomous nature of the regions leading to more enthusiastic reform beginning in socialist and communist areas ; and perhaps most importantly for the concerns of this book ,
four ‘ change-facilitating factors ’ are picked out by ramon ; heavy and unchanging reliance on segregated institutions ; the existence of a minority of psychiatrists prepared to act politically ( while not having the [want] to act in a party political framework ) ; the autonomous nature of the regions leading to more enthusiastic reform beginning in socialist and communist areas ; and perhaps most importantly for the concerns of this book ,

The desire to get land to cultivate as a farmer and proprietor or simply to get work as a landless labourer drew people to the islands in large numbers .
the [want] to get land to cultivate as a farmer and proprietor or simply to get work as a landless labourer drew people to the islands in large numbers .

Washington had first seen the attractions of open land when working as a surveyor along a line running north-west to the Ohio valley and Lake Erie , and he could reckon that his survey was not going to remain as a simple tribute to the government 's desire for information .
washington had first seen the attractions of open land when working as a surveyor along a line running north-west to the ohio valley and lake erie , and he could reckon that his survey was not going to remain as a simple tribute to the government 's [want] for information .

The reformers were not merely considering the desire of actual rape victims to avoid publicity .
the reformers were not merely considering the [want] of actual rape victims to avoid publicity .

The desire for personal disclosure among the popular newspapers is not always universal .
the [want] for personal disclosure among the popular newspapers is not always universal .

The following case is a reflection of the desire for neat classifications — rapist , robber , etc .
the following case is a reflection of the [want] for neat classifications — rapist , robber , etc .

There is not the same desire ( unlike the search stage ) to portray the defendant as a sex maniac .
there is not the same [want] ( unlike the search stage ) to portray the defendant as a sex maniac .

So , unlike the search stage , there is not the same desire to portray the defendant as a sex maniac .
so , unlike the search stage , there is not the same [want] to portray the defendant as a sex maniac .

‘ My desire was for punishment , not revenge , and was directed at the officers who gave the orders — perhaps because of the interviews . ’
‘ my [want] was for punishment , not revenge , and was directed at the officers who gave the orders — perhaps because of the interviews . ’

Mr Nibbs tempers the Nail 's desire for vengeance against the King , insisting that the King be treated justly — taken down a peg or two without injury .
mr nibbs tempers the nail 's [want] for vengeance against the king , insisting that the king be treated justly — taken down a peg or two without injury .

He denied acting as a North Korean spy and justified his visit to North Korea and his discussion with North Korean officials as motivated by his desire to see Korea reunified .
he denied acting as a north korean spy and justified his visit to north korea and his discussion with north korean officials as motivated by his [want] to see korea reunified .

Add to that determination , patience , skill , desire , stamina and a good pair of shoes and you may be getting close to finding out .
add to that determination , patience , skill , [want] , stamina and a good pair of shoes and you may be getting close to finding out .

As for Monica Seles , her desire to play at Wimbledon this year , coupled with the fact that she already has the Australian title under her belt , might be all the incentive that she needs to go for that Grand Slam this year , that same Grand Slam which she passed up last year with her refusal to play the British leg of the four majors .
as for monica seles , her [want] to play at wimbledon this year , coupled with the fact that she already has the australian title under her belt , might be all the incentive that she needs to go for that grand slam this year , that same grand slam which she passed up last year with her refusal to play the british leg of the four majors .

Zina Garrison , perhaps one of the best known black tennis players to have emerged in the 1980's , recalls in John Feinstein 's book , Hard Courts , the incident in 1975 which first prompted her desire to reach the top .
zina garrison , perhaps one of the best known black tennis players to have emerged in the 1980's , recalls in john feinstein 's book , hard courts , the incident in 1975 which first prompted her [want] to reach the top .

You will need a strong desire to use research to solve real problems rather than unrealistic mathematical abstractions .
you will need a strong [want] to use research to solve real problems rather than unrealistic mathematical abstractions .

Applicants must have a degree in science/pharmacy , knowledge of regulatory affairs and a desire to broaden their experience in international affairs .
applicants must have a degree in science/pharmacy , knowledge of regulatory affairs and a [want] to broaden their experience in international affairs .

Tabitha felt a powerful desire to turn the extinguishers on them .
tabitha felt a powerful [want] to turn the extinguishers on them .

John McEnroe has never made a secret of his desire , one day , to become the United States Davis Cup captain .
john mcenroe has never made a secret of his [want] , one day , to become the united states davis cup captain .

Such a long term commitment reflects a genuine desire on the part of the company to encourage youngsters to achieve to their potential , irrespective of any financial restrictions .
such a long term commitment reflects a genuine [want] on the part of the company to encourage youngsters to achieve to their potential , irrespective of any financial restrictions .

Some breeds show a much greater desire to enter water than others , with retrievers tending to be especially keen .
some breeds show a much greater [want] to enter water than others , with retrievers tending to be especially keen .

Men are not gentle , friendly creatures wishing for love , who simply defend themselves if they are attacked , but … a powerful measure of desire for aggression has to be reckoned as part of their instinctual endowment … Homo homini lupus : who has the courage to dispute it in the face of all evidence in his own life and in history ? This aggressive cruelty usually lies in wait for some provocation . ( Freud 1939 : 50 , 51 )
men are not gentle , friendly creatures wishing for love , who simply defend themselves if they are attacked , but … a powerful measure of [want] for aggression has to be reckoned as part of their instinctual endowment … homo homini lupus : who has the courage to dispute it in the face of all evidence in his own life and in history ? this aggressive cruelty usually lies in wait for some provocation . ( freud 1939 : 50 , 51 )

While such a state most frequently results from the frustration of a person 's expressed desire for some material object , especially food or tobacco , Dentan ( 1968 ) notes that it can also be the result of forcing someone to do something against his or her will .
while such a state most frequently results from the frustration of a person 's expressed [want] for some material object , especially food or tobacco , dentan ( 1968 ) notes that it can also be the result of forcing someone to do something against his or her will .

( See Levy ( 1973 ) who saw , in Tahiti , an association between a desire for a measure of interdependence and autonomy , a certain degree of emotional remoteness from others , and a resistance to dependence . )
( see levy ( 1973 ) who saw , in tahiti , an association between a [want] for a measure of interdependence and autonomy , a certain degree of emotional remoteness from others , and a resistance to dependence . )

Among the Buid , momentary expressions of anger may be viewed in the first instance as indicative of a momentary desire to harm another , but if such conduct becomes persistent or habitual it is almost always reinterpreted as being caused by hostile mystical forces and thus as not being under the deliberate control of the individual .
among the buid , momentary expressions of anger may be viewed in the first instance as indicative of a momentary [want] to harm another , but if such conduct becomes persistent or habitual it is almost always reinterpreted as being caused by hostile mystical forces and thus as not being under the deliberate control of the individual .

The mind and spirit familiars are thus inherently social and associated with language and perception , while the soul and ghosts are inherently egocentric and associated with eating and desire .
the mind and spirit familiars are thus inherently social and associated with language and perception , while the soul and ghosts are inherently egocentric and associated with eating and [want] .

Speech and communal peace represent life and unity just as eating and individual desire represent death and division .
speech and communal peace represent life and unity just as eating and individual [want] represent death and division .

However , if one looks at Shavante rhetoric and desire , they have a hunting economy .
however , if one looks at shavante rhetoric and [want] , they have a hunting economy .

With respect to desire , they insist on the equal value of products of the hunt and products of the garden .
with respect to [want] , they insist on the equal value of products of the hunt and products of the garden .

While differing over details of policy , the Left-Republican parties shared a common desire to liberate the minds of Spaniards from the centuries-old chains — as they saw it — of traditionalism and religious obscurantism .
while differing over details of policy , the left-republican parties shared a common [want] to liberate the minds of spaniards from the centuries-old chains — as they saw it — of traditionalism and religious obscurantism .

The appointment of a hardline Radical , Salazar Alonso , to the Interior ministry in May signalled an even tougher governmental attitude on social issues and a desire to provoke desperate strikes in order to weaken labour and the left still further .
the appointment of a hardline radical , salazar alonso , to the interior ministry in may signalled an even tougher governmental attitude on social issues and a [want] to provoke desperate strikes in order to weaken labour and the left still further .

Whatever concatenation of chance or desire had brought Harry Mack to this place , there was no mystery about the cause of death .
whatever concatenation of chance or [want] had brought harry mack to this place , there was no mystery about the cause of death .

She needs men to desire her .
she needs men to [want] her .

The old zeks say that a man is weakest when he comes to the camps for the first time , when the desire for life is first squeezed from him .
the old zeks say that a man is weakest when he comes to the camps for the first time , when the [want] for life is first squeezed from him .

Einstein was driven to this idea not so much by the experimental results as by the desire to make two parts of the theory fit together in a consistent whole .
einstein was driven to this idea not so much by the experimental results as by the [want] to make two parts of the theory fit together in a consistent whole .

Often the continuing desire to use drugs is only marginally tempered by the impact of the heavy cost of drugs and regular brushes with the law .
often the continuing [want] to use drugs is only marginally tempered by the impact of the heavy cost of drugs and regular brushes with the law .

From the men 's point of view hostels offer a tolerant , undemanding atmosphere where they can live in ‘ a world of their own ’ without being ‘ social-worked ’ or ‘ assessed ’ or ‘ treated ’ unless they expressly desire it .
from the men 's point of view hostels offer a tolerant , undemanding atmosphere where they can live in ‘ a world of their own ’ without being ‘ social-worked ’ or ‘ assessed ’ or ‘ treated ’ unless they expressly [want] it .

She undressed quickly , as if against time ; but the speed of her movements had nothing to do with desire .
she undressed quickly , as if against time ; but the speed of her movements had nothing to do with [want] .

Yet there is always the countervailing desire to put yourself forward , to take your stand as the valuable exception .
yet there is always the countervailing [want] to put yourself forward , to take your stand as the valuable exception .

As for what the head contains , well , yes , Johnny needs some of the things that live in there : will , desire , perversity .
as for what the head contains , well , yes , johnny needs some of the things that live in there : will , [want] , perversity .

Finn put Victoria in her arms and she sighed and cuddled the baby with the convulsive , unpractised hug of a woman who , against her desire , has had no children .
finn put victoria in her arms and she sighed and cuddled the baby with the convulsive , unpractised hug of a woman who , against her [want] , has had no children .

Stein 's grey eyes mocked Stephen , who had enormous difficulty in controlling his desire to wipe the look of triumph from the manager 's arrogant face .
stein 's grey eyes mocked stephen , who had enormous difficulty in controlling his [want] to wipe the look of triumph from the manager 's arrogant face .

She felt reckless and more alive than she had for months , her own desire rising as his hungry mouth fell on her breasts like a starving child , and his eager hands tore at her clothes .
she felt reckless and more alive than she had for months , her own [want] rising as his hungry mouth fell on her breasts like a starving child , and his eager hands tore at her clothes .

His whole body was alive with desire for her .
his whole body was alive with [want] for her .

For example , Jones ( 1976 ) in a study of central Wales found that employment , the desire to live in a better area and a former link with the area were important reasons for explaining the success of a growth pole town , Newtown .
for example , jones ( 1976 ) in a study of central wales found that employment , the [want] to live in a better area and a former link with the area were important reasons for explaining the success of a growth pole town , newtown .

For example , De Jong and Humphrey ( 1976 ) found that the migrants tended to be younger , of a higher socioeconomic status and lived in smaller households , while Wardwell ( 1977 ) concluded that one major motive was a desire to live in smaller settlements and communities ; but rather surprisingly , Fliegel et al .
for example , de jong and humphrey ( 1976 ) found that the migrants tended to be younger , of a higher socioeconomic status and lived in smaller households , while wardwell ( 1977 ) concluded that one major motive was a [want] to live in smaller settlements and communities ; but rather surprisingly , fliegel et al .

For example , Fielding ( 1982 ) takes the best elements of the three main models : ( a ) the desire to live in a more rural setting ; ( b ) the availability of new jobs in the sunrise industries of the rural areas ; and ( c ) regional planning by governments to argue that the two main factors are first , the development of a post-industrial society where the mobile middle classes are relocating the new industries , and second , the rise of service employment , particularly in the more attractive rural areas of each country .
for example , fielding ( 1982 ) takes the best elements of the three main models : ( a ) the [want] to live in a more rural setting ; ( b ) the availability of new jobs in the sunrise industries of the rural areas ; and ( c ) regional planning by governments to argue that the two main factors are first , the development of a post-industrial society where the mobile middle classes are relocating the new industries , and second , the rise of service employment , particularly in the more attractive rural areas of each country .

But he was encouraged by his feelings for Deirdre , by his desire to impress her , perhaps also by some vague idea that to excite her sympathy would automatically make him more attractive to her .
but he was encouraged by his feelings for deirdre , by his [want] to impress her , perhaps also by some vague idea that to excite her sympathy would automatically make him more attractive to her .

Even this concept was strained as the wish of the Labour Government to restrain inflation clashed with the unions ' desire to return to free collective bargaining .
even this concept was strained as the wish of the labour government to restrain inflation clashed with the unions ' [want] to return to free collective bargaining .

It was not until 1880 that elementary education became compulsory and the main drive behind the legislation , according to Landes , was not so much the desire to instruct and educate but rather ‘ to discipline a growing mass of disaffected proletarians and integrate them into British society .
it was not until 1880 that elementary education became compulsory and the main drive behind the legislation , according to landes , was not so much the [want] to instruct and educate but rather ‘ to discipline a growing mass of disaffected proletarians and integrate them into british society .

First , the reasons for the expansion of the social services are not simply the desire and anxiety of successive governments to reduce unemployment , cheaply and speedily , as Bacon and Eltis claim .
first , the reasons for the expansion of the social services are not simply the [want] and anxiety of successive governments to reduce unemployment , cheaply and speedily , as bacon and eltis claim .

Piquantly , for the caring generation , the desire for natural quality materials has also caused a boom in the leather trade : it is an extremely committed and unusual member of the new elite who can resist the high style leather goods that now abound .
piquantly , for the caring generation , the [want] for natural quality materials has also caused a boom in the leather trade : it is an extremely committed and unusual member of the new elite who can resist the high style leather goods that now abound .

There has also been a growing and restless desire for something new — and a fresh way of making that vital statement .
there has also been a growing and restless [want] for something new — and a fresh way of making that vital statement .

If a person does not want something , the quickest way to instil the necessary desire is to create urgent and inescapable need .
if a person does not want something , the quickest way to instil the necessary [want] is to create urgent and inescapable need .

Over the past few years , that area has rightly moved from a marginalized position in cultural theory to become a focus for discussions around language , female desire and popular narratives .
over the past few years , that area has rightly moved from a marginalized position in cultural theory to become a focus for discussions around language , female [want] and popular narratives .

Clearly , one of the invincible conventions of the ‘ Romance ’ label is that desire should not be consummated before at the very least a proposal of marriage has been secured by the heroine — ‘ the only pain permitted is the sweet pain of unfulfilled desire ’ …
clearly , one of the invincible conventions of the ‘ romance ’ label is that [want] should not be consummated before at the very least a proposal of marriage has been secured by the heroine — ‘ the only pain permitted is the sweet pain of unfulfilled [want] ’ …

The consummation of that desire , and the admittance of ‘ erotic sensations ’ on the part of the heroine represents such a break with the romance genre that it requires a new form , the development of a sub-genre .
the consummation of that [want] , and the admittance of ‘ erotic sensations ’ on the part of the heroine represents such a break with the romance genre that it requires a new form , the development of a sub-genre .

Silhouette also provides this with their new ‘ Desire ’ label , which was developed in response to ‘ consumer demands for a new series ’ .
silhouette also provides this with their new ‘ [want] ’ label , which was developed in response to ‘ consumer demands for a new series ’ .

The ‘ Desire ’ volume is distinguished from the ‘ Romance ’ with a different packaging and series brand-name .
the ‘ [want] ’ volume is distinguished from the ‘ romance ’ with a different packaging and series brand-name .

The ‘ Desire ’ heroine is constructed as older , more assured of her status , and , therefore , more open to sexual advances :
the ‘ [want] ’ heroine is constructed as older , more assured of her status , and , therefore , more open to sexual advances :

Desire intends to mirror real lives of modern women … .
[want] intends to mirror real lives of modern women … .

The existence of the ‘ Desire ’ category in the publishing of romantic fiction acts as a filter and displacement for those elements that could challenge the conventions of the romance , thus leaving the romantic formula unchanged .
the existence of the ‘ [want] ’ category in the publishing of romantic fiction acts as a filter and displacement for those elements that could challenge the conventions of the romance , thus leaving the romantic formula unchanged .

The contemporary romance novel is a self-perpetuating genre , both textually and in its modes of marketing , offering in its texts a perpetually unfulfilled ‘ Desire ’ that can only be answered through the purchase of a new volume .
the contemporary romance novel is a self-perpetuating genre , both textually and in its modes of marketing , offering in its texts a perpetually unfulfilled ‘ [want] ’ that can only be answered through the purchase of a new volume .

With 250 million volumes sold annually , Mills and Boon is the source of a construction and perpetuation of a particular concept of female desire and sexuality that can always be assuaged through the consummation of a heterosexual romance .
with 250 million volumes sold annually , mills and boon is the source of a construction and perpetuation of a particular concept of female [want] and sexuality that can always be assuaged through the consummation of a heterosexual romance .

As befits the objects of homosexual desire at that time , this new generation of teenybop pop stars were ‘ boy slaves ’ — more Limply Leslie than Rape Hunger — and failed to emerge from the pin-up process with their masculinity intact .
as befits the objects of homosexual [want] at that time , this new generation of teenybop pop stars were ‘ boy slaves ’ — more limply leslie than rape hunger — and failed to emerge from the pin-up process with their masculinity intact .

Instead they took on the passivity of the adored object in an equation — homosexual desire translated into female adoration — that has haunted English pop ever since from the Beatles through the Bay City Rollers to Wham !
instead they took on the passivity of the adored object in an equation — homosexual [want] translated into female adoration — that has haunted english pop ever since from the beatles through the bay city rollers to wham !

And , too , its past : ‘ Behind punk 's favoured ‘ cut-ups ’ lay hints of disorder , of breakdown and category confusion : a desire not only to erode racial and gender boundaries but also to confuse chronological sequence by mixing up details from different periods .
and , too , its past : ‘ behind punk 's favoured ‘ cut-ups ’ lay hints of disorder , of breakdown and category confusion : a [want] not only to erode racial and gender boundaries but also to confuse chronological sequence by mixing up details from different periods .

Holly Johnson 's and Paul Rutherford 's games with masculinity and male pleasure are set in remarkably old-fashioned contexts , in sixties-style ‘ liberated ’ party settings , women as available , threatening receptacles of desire .
holly johnson 's and paul rutherford 's games with masculinity and male pleasure are set in remarkably old-fashioned contexts , in sixties-style ‘ liberated ’ party settings , women as available , threatening receptacles of [want] .

There are important instances of the leap from consumer to producer being motivated by a desire to emulate admired sounds as in the rhythm and blues movement among young white Britons during the early 1960s which involved the Rolling Stones and The Kinks .
there are important instances of the leap from consumer to producer being motivated by a [want] to emulate admired sounds as in the rhythm and blues movement among young white britons during the early 1960s which involved the rolling stones and the kinks .

Much of the vessel is often black , and there seems a desire to emphasise the sharply defined contours which is to remain a feature of Greek ceramics , and mutatis mutandis of Greek art in general .
much of the vessel is often black , and there seems a [want] to emphasise the sharply defined contours which is to remain a feature of greek ceramics , and mutatis mutandis of greek art in general .

There are now more parents either one or both of whom will have higher qualifications and it is unlikely that parents with higher qualifications will desire less education for their children .
there are now more parents either one or both of whom will have higher qualifications and it is unlikely that parents with higher qualifications will [want] less education for their children .

However , at this time when there is an increasing desire among young people to move away , the traditional tenure of first resort , the privately rented sector , has been declining rapidly from 61 per cent of the total in 1947 to 10 per cent in the mid-1980s ( Donnison 1967 , Table 10 ; Social Trends 18 , 1988 , p. 132 ) .
however , at this time when there is an increasing [want] among young people to move away , the traditional tenure of first resort , the privately rented sector , has been declining rapidly from 61 per cent of the total in 1947 to 10 per cent in the mid-1980s ( donnison 1967 , table 10 ; social trends 18 , 1988 , p. 132 ) .

Then she realized it was her own desire to be valued , noticed even , that made her want to do something that would n't take a minute once she 'd started .
then she realized it was her own [want] to be valued , noticed even , that made her want to do something that would n't take a minute once she 'd started .

What she said , though , robbed Jezrael of any desire to mock .
what she said , though , robbed jezrael of any [want] to mock .

Shame swept through her , shame , and disgust … and desire .
shame swept through her , shame , and disgust … and [want] .

When he expressed his desire to go to sea , David had attempted to dissuade him , saying , ‘ It 's a hard life , Matthew .
when he expressed his [want] to go to sea , david had attempted to dissuade him , saying , ‘ it 's a hard life , matthew .

Young Richard would be kept busy with his learning for some considerable time yet , Cissie would not be ready to come home until tea-time , and David had warned her that it would be late when he and his ‘ father ’ returned , especially as Luther had expressed a desire to ‘ celebrate afterwards ’ .
young richard would be kept busy with his learning for some considerable time yet , cissie would not be ready to come home until tea-time , and david had warned her that it would be late when he and his ‘ father ’ returned , especially as luther had expressed a [want] to ‘ celebrate afterwards ’ .

Thus the tied cottage system emerged directly from the desire of farmers to control labour supplies — and it is this concern which remains at the heart of the system today .
thus the tied cottage system emerged directly from the [want] of farmers to control labour supplies — and it is this concern which remains at the heart of the system today .

However , the job itself , as we have already noted , is rarely the cause of disenchantment with agriculture — indeed , in a decade that has seen a renewed interest in the countryside among young people and a growing desire to escape from the urban rat-race , agriculture could have much to offer .
however , the job itself , as we have already noted , is rarely the cause of disenchantment with agriculture — indeed , in a decade that has seen a renewed interest in the countryside among young people and a growing [want] to escape from the urban rat-race , agriculture could have much to offer .

People living in towns and cities can hardly be denied their quite reasonable and legitimate desire either to reside in or to visit the countryside and without them many villages would now lie abandoned and semi — derelict .
people living in towns and cities can hardly be denied their quite reasonable and legitimate [want] either to reside in or to visit the countryside and without them many villages would now lie abandoned and semi — derelict .

Their desire to keep rates down made them reluctant to build council houses .
their [want] to keep rates down made them reluctant to build council houses .

On occasions this could lead to conflict between district and county councils over housing provision — for example , over the desire of farmers to build tied cottages in open countryside .
on occasions this could lead to conflict between district and county councils over housing provision — for example , over the [want] of farmers to build tied cottages in open countryside .

Farmers are quick to point out that the desire to retain hedgerows and other familiar landscape features emanates from exactly that social group — the ‘ urban mass ’ — whose demands for cheap food have indirectly brought about those changes which they so deplore .
farmers are quick to point out that the [want] to retain hedgerows and other familiar landscape features emanates from exactly that social group — the ‘ urban mass ’ — whose demands for cheap food have indirectly brought about those changes which they so deplore .

However , the conflict between modern farming practice and environmental conservation is by no means an irreconcilable one and , although entrenched positions have been taken up on both sides , there are now a few signs of a more sophisticated awareness of the Problems involved and a more constructive desire on the part of both farming organizations and the environmental lobby to overcome them .
however , the conflict between modern farming practice and environmental conservation is by no means an irreconcilable one and , although entrenched positions have been taken up on both sides , there are now a few signs of a more sophisticated awareness of the problems involved and a more constructive [want] on the part of both farming organizations and the environmental lobby to overcome them .

It is important , however , in terms of creating radical and new forms of disability representation , to acknowledge that it is both the organisation of economic production and the projection of ( non-disabled ) negative desire , which contains disabled people within oppressive cultural representation .
it is important , however , in terms of creating radical and new forms of disability representation , to acknowledge that it is both the organisation of economic production and the projection of ( non-disabled ) negative [want] , which contains disabled people within oppressive cultural representation .

Though the official rhetoric of organisations associated with day services often espouses a desire to maximise consultation between users and staff , meaningful participation is rare .
though the official rhetoric of organisations associated with day services often espouses a [want] to maximise consultation between users and staff , meaningful participation is rare .

As is always the case when a person wants something and ca n't have it , her frustration merely increased her desire .
as is always the case when a person wants something and ca n't have it , her frustration merely increased her [want] .

The extent to which the desire for the products of industry , beyond necessities , results from the processes of want-creation as distinct from pre-existing materialistic tendencies is obscure , but there is some plausibility in Galbraith 's picture of a corporate system whose power includes an ability not only to stimulate demand for particular goods but also to shape prevailing social values .
the extent to which the [want] for the products of industry , beyond necessities , results from the processes of want-creation as distinct from pre-existing materialistic tendencies is obscure , but there is some plausibility in galbraith 's picture of a corporate system whose power includes an ability not only to stimulate demand for particular goods but also to shape prevailing social values .

Coffee has argued that this is evident particularly in the case of conglomerates , with growth being attributable to the desire of managers to reduce the risk of collapse by diversification .
coffee has argued that this is evident particularly in the case of conglomerates , with growth being attributable to the [want] of managers to reduce the risk of collapse by diversification .

We might finally note that the court is able to rely as an aid to discovering intention on the proposition that what no reasonable board could have believed to be beneficial to the company , the actual board could not have believed either , or , in other words , that where the means adopted could not on any reasonable view lead to the end of benefiting the company , the directors could not have been motivated by a desire to achieve that end .
we might finally note that the court is able to rely as an aid to discovering intention on the proposition that what no reasonable board could have believed to be beneficial to the company , the actual board could not have believed either , or , in other words , that where the means adopted could not on any reasonable view lead to the end of benefiting the company , the directors could not have been motivated by a [want] to achieve that end .

Sylvia left next morning , but however Betty tried , she could n't push her latest dark desire to the back of her mind .
sylvia left next morning , but however betty tried , she could n't push her latest dark [want] to the back of her mind .

She found her fingertips creeping ever nearer to the puckered surrounds of that dark desire , and she had to force herself to stop .
she found her fingertips creeping ever nearer to the puckered surrounds of that dark [want] , and she had to force herself to stop .

She 'd no desire to present her behind to any other man .
she 'd no [want] to present her behind to any other man .

Ellwood tossed the peach aside and lowered his hand to the warm slick of juice and pulp , hardness and sweetness , hatred and desire .
ellwood tossed the peach aside and lowered his hand to the warm slick of juice and pulp , hardness and sweetness , hatred and [want] .

His desire to be gone had been so strong — the desire for movement — that he 'd seemed to be leaning into the wind .
his [want] to be gone had been so strong — the [want] for movement — that he 'd seemed to be leaning into the wind .

She writhed and twisted under him in spasms of an unfulfilled need which swallowed his own spent desire in her caverns of longing .
she writhed and twisted under him in spasms of an unfulfilled need which swallowed his own spent [want] in her caverns of longing .

Only then , he knew insofar as he was certain of anything , could he lead a life free from these ceaseless responses to envy , desire and pain … But Sylvia would be waiting for him , later , and there was Crump to be re-engaged .
only then , he knew insofar as he was certain of anything , could he lead a life free from these ceaseless responses to envy , [want] and pain … but sylvia would be waiting for him , later , and there was crump to be re-engaged .

Any feelings Hope had for her — and though they had included a certain measure of respect and the possibility of desire , they had not been strong — now alchemised into a quite violent dislike .
any feelings hope had for her — and though they had included a certain measure of respect and the possibility of [want] , they had not been strong — now alchemised into a quite violent dislike .

Equating it with a study of the constitution , however , may owe less to a desire for realism than to a lack of concern about legal matters .
equating it with a study of the constitution , however , may owe less to a [want] for realism than to a lack of concern about legal matters .

The framers of the American Constitution also had these objects in mind , but on top of that they had to provide for the desire of the thirteen colonies to be united for some purposes only and to remain independent for others .
the framers of the american constitution also had these objects in mind , but on top of that they had to provide for the [want] of the thirteen colonies to be united for some purposes only and to remain independent for others .

This may be out of a desire for absolute simplicity and ready accessibility for visitors , or because other commitments do not allow time and people to be available for the preparation and practice of music .
this may be out of a [want] for absolute simplicity and ready accessibility for visitors , or because other commitments do not allow time and people to be available for the preparation and practice of music .

These range from the desire to make music , to meeting the wishes of parents .
these range from the [want] to make music , to meeting the wishes of parents .

Kate felt inordinately pleased at his offer , even though she was astute enough to know that it came from a desire for any company , rather than hers specifically .
kate felt inordinately pleased at his offer , even though she was astute enough to know that it came from a [want] for any company , rather than hers specifically .

Whether we believe that inequality of the sexes is the result of genetic differences , the desire of men to control and dominate women , outdated attitudes and prejudices or historical struggle , it is undoubtedly the case that there is a continuous process of producing and reproducing inequality .
whether we believe that inequality of the sexes is the result of genetic differences , the [want] of men to control and dominate women , outdated attitudes and prejudices or historical struggle , it is undoubtedly the case that there is a continuous process of producing and reproducing inequality .

This all-encompassing quality reveals a strong desire amongst students to understand and manipulate their environment .
this all-encompassing quality reveals a strong [want] amongst students to understand and manipulate their environment .

Thus the desire of the department to assess students ( which meant that they had to work competitively , rather than co-operatively ) conflicted with the desire of the students to understand the work ; the apparent aim of the department — to improve the knowledge and understanding of the students was being impeded by its other aim : to grade students .
thus the [want] of the department to assess students ( which meant that they had to work competitively , rather than co-operatively ) conflicted with the [want] of the students to understand the work ; the apparent aim of the department — to improve the knowledge and understanding of the students was being impeded by its other aim : to grade students .

It shows a desire for an orderly and methodical way of examining the world , and a dislike of detached contemplation or philosophical and intuitive ways of understanding reality .
it shows a [want] for an orderly and methodical way of examining the world , and a dislike of detached contemplation or philosophical and intuitive ways of understanding reality .

The primary reason for this move was not a desire for increased tax revenue , welcome as this no doubt was , but , rather , an expression of the Government 's opposition to people enjoying a larger income when out of work than they could take home in a wage packet .
the primary reason for this move was not a [want] for increased tax revenue , welcome as this no doubt was , but , rather , an expression of the government 's opposition to people enjoying a larger income when out of work than they could take home in a wage packet .

There seem to be several reasons for its emergence : a backlog of untrained practitioners ; a desire to certificate practice , for a variety of reasons , including status ; labour shortages which require quick solutions ; and a growth of theory or technology in the field itself , requiring more systematic training than has hitherto been necessary .
there seem to be several reasons for its emergence : a backlog of untrained practitioners ; a [want] to certificate practice , for a variety of reasons , including status ; labour shortages which require quick solutions ; and a growth of theory or technology in the field itself , requiring more systematic training than has hitherto been necessary .

Yet whenever they meet , they repeatedly fail to create the vision and the strategy they desire .
yet whenever they meet , they repeatedly fail to create the vision and the strategy they [want] .

Stated briefly , these theories argued that employees would demonstrate high levels of effort and performance if their social and intellectual growth needs were met in addition to the desire for mere financial reward .
stated briefly , these theories argued that employees would demonstrate high levels of effort and performance if their social and intellectual growth needs were met in addition to the [want] for mere financial reward .

If the speaker identifies discrimination with irrational feelings of hostility against blacks , then there exists the basis for a denial of prejudice : if the regiment is motivated by the desire to uphold tradition , then it is not motivated by feelings of antipathy towards blacks , and therefore it is not prejudiced .
if the speaker identifies discrimination with irrational feelings of hostility against blacks , then there exists the basis for a denial of prejudice : if the regiment is motivated by the [want] to uphold tradition , then it is not motivated by feelings of antipathy towards blacks , and therefore it is not prejudiced .

This distance between the subject and object is considered by Simmel to represent desire .
this distance between the subject and object is considered by simmel to represent [want] .

The influence of Kant 's aesthetic theory on the forgoing of immediate pleasure is clear and explicit ; Simmel states that ‘ We desire objects only if they are not immediately given to us for our use and enjoyment ; that is , to the extent that they resist our desire ’ ( 1978 : 66 ) .
the influence of kant 's aesthetic theory on the forgoing of immediate pleasure is clear and explicit ; simmel states that ‘ we [want] objects only if they are not immediately given to us for our use and enjoyment ; that is , to the extent that they resist our [want] ’ ( 1978 : 66 ) .

Simmel echoes later structuralism in his conception of a nature undifferentiated except through the imposition of human order , which here takes the form of desire as selective preference .
simmel echoes later structuralism in his conception of a nature undifferentiated except through the imposition of human order , which here takes the form of [want] as selective preference .

From a generalized application , the subject moves towards greater differentiation of surrounding objects , and an increasing specificity of desire .
from a generalized application , the subject moves towards greater differentiation of surrounding objects , and an increasing specificity of [want] .

Non-financial reward for services is likely to be of a highly specific , immediate and implicated form ; financial recompense , however , may be translated at any time into a large range of goods and alternative services , according to the desire of the recipient .
non-financial reward for services is likely to be of a highly specific , immediate and implicated form ; financial recompense , however , may be translated at any time into a large range of goods and alternative services , according to the [want] of the recipient .

Although one means of detachment from the world is a spiritual asceticism based upon a lack of material possessions , more common has been the desire to accumulate luxuries and objects which themselves signify the lack of any need to engage directly in productive labour .
although one means of detachment from the world is a spiritual asceticism based upon a lack of material possessions , more common has been the [want] to accumulate luxuries and objects which themselves signify the lack of any need to engage directly in productive labour .

Emulation in turn stimulates the desire to retain differentials , which often becomes based upon access to knowledge about goods and their prestige connotations .
emulation in turn stimulates the [want] to retain differentials , which often becomes based upon access to knowledge about goods and their prestige connotations .

One of the problems the European traders encountered early on in their attempt to develop longer trade routes , was that peoples in South-East Asia who produced spices highly regarded in Europe did not , for their part , show any great desire for European products .
one of the problems the european traders encountered early on in their attempt to develop longer trade routes , was that peoples in south-east asia who produced spices highly regarded in europe did not , for their part , show any great [want] for european products .

They tend to assert the overwhelming desire for cognitive order , and thus offer an unrealistically cohesive model of cognition itself which ignores the problems of ideology and framing .
they tend to assert the overwhelming [want] for cognitive order , and thus offer an unrealistically cohesive model of cognition itself which ignores the problems of ideology and framing .

The rise of industrial work processes and domestic labour , both of which appeared as particularly servile pursuits , only encouraged the capitalists , desire to distance themselves from their origins .
the rise of industrial work processes and domestic labour , both of which appeared as particularly servile pursuits , only encouraged the capitalists , [want] to distance themselves from their origins .

Some approaches , including the conventional account of the industrial revolution , certain Marxist analyses and business-oriented researches , appear to emphasize productive forces as the prime mover , and are concerned with consumption only as the outcome of capitalist interests and the problem of ensuring that desire and demand correspond with the needs of industry .
some approaches , including the conventional account of the industrial revolution , certain marxist analyses and business-oriented researches , appear to emphasize productive forces as the prime mover , and are concerned with consumption only as the outcome of capitalist interests and the problem of ensuring that [want] and demand correspond with the needs of industry .

an impossible song of desire that you can not hear .
an impossible song of [want] that you can not hear .

In such a case , technical change , regional policy , the desire to undercut union strength , and a search for cheaper labour are inextricably interrelated .
in such a case , technical change , regional policy , the [want] to undercut union strength , and a search for cheaper labour are inextricably interrelated .

's explanation : no recognition , for instance , that ‘ labour availability ’ is not just a technical question , but that the search for cheaper labour and the desire to escape and undermine well-unionized workers is a reflection of the long antagonistic struggle between capital and labour .
's explanation : no recognition , for instance , that ‘ labour availability ’ is not just a technical question , but that the search for cheaper labour and the [want] to escape and undermine well-unionized workers is a reflection of the long antagonistic struggle between capital and labour .

But he never explained how it is that we can so easily be led by involuntary desire .
but he never explained how it is that we can so easily be led by involuntary [want] .

The vows we had made in the heat of our desire we had not kept .
the vows we had made in the heat of our [want] we had not kept .

( How prodigal is desire ! )
( how prodigal is [want] ! )

For Mrs Thatcher and her government , antagonism towards the miners in part reflected a desire for revenge against the union which was widely perceived as precipitating the political crisis which led to the downfall of a previous Conservative government , led by Edward Heath , in 1974 .
for mrs thatcher and her government , antagonism towards the miners in part reflected a [want] for revenge against the union which was widely perceived as precipitating the political crisis which led to the downfall of a previous conservative government , led by edward heath , in 1974 .

This shift has been reflected in a desire to protect the public from the unanticipated consequences of everyday applications of science and technology and accompanied by the growing role of organizations as actors in society .
this shift has been reflected in a [want] to protect the public from the unanticipated consequences of everyday applications of science and technology and accompanied by the growing role of organizations as actors in society .

The desire to avoid appeal may partly be a reflection of the fact that standards have been selected by resort to the convention of established — but largely unexamined — practice which may be difficult to defend in a formal arena .
the [want] to avoid appeal may partly be a reflection of the fact that standards have been selected by resort to the convention of established — but largely unexamined — practice which may be difficult to defend in a formal arena .

’ Control is possible in an organization where staff can harbour ambitions about self-advancement allied with a desire for unruffled relationships with superiors upon whom they depend .
’ control is possible in an organization where staff can harbour ambitions about self-advancement allied with a [want] for unruffled relationships with superiors upon whom they depend .

In effect an officer 's decision behaviour in marginal cases where his work may become visible to his supervisor and where there is no ‘ obvious ’ course of action comes to be dominated by a desire to minimize potential damage to his position in the agency .
in effect an officer 's decision behaviour in marginal cases where his work may become visible to his supervisor and where there is no ‘ obvious ’ course of action comes to be dominated by a [want] to minimize potential damage to his position in the agency .

Almost certainly linked with this reasoning , however , is the desire to preserve the field man 's credibility in the eyes of the discharger by demonstrably not tolerating a degree of pollution which may be seen as ‘ getting away with it ’ .
almost certainly linked with this reasoning , however , is the [want] to preserve the field man 's credibility in the eyes of the discharger by demonstrably not tolerating a degree of pollution which may be seen as ‘ getting away with it ’ .

The infinite possibilities of Masai life , on the face of it a simple desire to wander the earth following the cattle , have been denied .
the infinite possibilities of masai life , on the face of it a simple [want] to wander the earth following the cattle , have been denied .

Joseph Gandy , who claims in 1805 that his designs originate ‘ in the humane desire of increasing the comforts and improving the condition of the Labouring Poor ’ , makes little provision for them .
joseph gandy , who claims in 1805 that his designs originate ‘ in the humane [want] of increasing the comforts and improving the condition of the labouring poor ’ , makes little provision for them .

Although this had a complex rationale , there is no question that one motive behind it was a desire to reassert a largely factitious national identity — the ‘ imagined community ’ of nationhood that is supposed to transcend all inequalities , oppressions and exploitation ( Anderson , 1983 ) .
although this had a complex rationale , there is no question that one motive behind it was a [want] to reassert a largely factitious national identity — the ‘ imagined community ’ of nationhood that is supposed to transcend all inequalities , oppressions and exploitation ( anderson , 1983 ) .

But their significance also needs to be grasped with respect to the operations of splitting , desire , fantasy , pleasure and paranoia which are deeply implicated in racist discourses , and which may inherently produce dualities and ambivalences in racialized encounters between selves and others .
but their significance also needs to be grasped with respect to the operations of splitting , [want] , fantasy , pleasure and paranoia which are deeply implicated in racist discourses , and which may inherently produce dualities and ambivalences in racialized encounters between selves and others .

But envy is an ambivalent structure of feeling ; it involves the desire to possess certain idealized attributes of the Other and the desire to destroy them because they signify what is felt to be lacking .
but envy is an ambivalent structure of feeling ; it involves the [want] to possess certain idealized attributes of the other and the [want] to destroy them because they signify what is felt to be lacking .

The central paradox of this kind of ‘ trading places ’ is that through the very symmetry of its inversions it postulates imaginary correspondences between black and white positions even as it seeks to naturalize difference and domination . Is this because the construction of racialized identities depends on the existence of the Other , while at the same time it is this ‘ alien presence ’ which is seen to be such a threat to identity that its total annihilation is required ? Are racial double standards ( viz. , good/bad natives ) and double binds ( damned if you are different and damned if you are like the master race ) a function of this contradictory or dual relation to the Other ? Or do we have to look to more concrete and historically specific forms of mediation to explain the racialization of envy and desire ?
the central paradox of this kind of ‘ trading places ’ is that through the very symmetry of its inversions it postulates imaginary correspondences between black and white positions even as it seeks to naturalize difference and domination . is this because the construction of racialized identities depends on the existence of the other , while at the same time it is this ‘ alien presence ’ which is seen to be such a threat to identity that its total annihilation is required ? are racial double standards ( viz. , good/bad natives ) and double binds ( damned if you are different and damned if you are like the master race ) a function of this contradictory or dual relation to the other ? or do we have to look to more concrete and historically specific forms of mediation to explain the racialization of envy and [want] ?

But very few had ever been to sea or had any desire to do so or had anything in common with seamen .
but very few had ever been to sea or had any [want] to do so or had anything in common with seamen .

Jack might be jolly enough and a fine fellow when spending his hard-earned cash ashore , but he very quickly became `` Poor Jack `` when , after months cooped up at sea , he found himself fleeced by prostitutes , brothel keepers , slop-sellers and crimps for no better reason than exploitation of his hunger for female company and his desire for entertainment and refreshment .
jack might be jolly enough and a fine fellow when spending his hard-earned cash ashore , but he very quickly became `` poor jack `` when , after months cooped up at sea , he found himself fleeced by prostitutes , brothel keepers , slop-sellers and crimps for no better reason than exploitation of his hunger for female company and his [want] for entertainment and refreshment .

Such clubs may have contributed to the desire for respectability of many seamen . ``
such clubs may have contributed to the [want] for respectability of many seamen . ``

The only reference point to give us a sense of our height was the tiny boat on the beach beneath us , with the two fishermen , who had not only declined to follow us up the crater , but also expressed an urgent desire to avoid even setting foot on shore .
the only reference point to give us a sense of our height was the tiny boat on the beach beneath us , with the two fishermen , who had not only declined to follow us up the crater , but also expressed an urgent [want] to avoid even setting foot on shore .

The Age of Discovery was launched by our greedy desire to bypass the traditional trading routes and find the source of spices for ourselves .
the age of discovery was launched by our greedy [want] to bypass the traditional trading routes and find the source of spices for ourselves .

You dream and feel things like a girl as well as like a boy , and you desire to dress and behave like both .
you dream and feel things like a girl as well as like a boy , and you [want] to dress and behave like both .

It is entirely tied up with the intensity of interest or desire which you apply to the various things you do .
it is entirely tied up with the intensity of interest or [want] which you apply to the various things you do .

If your desire is strong and your interest intense , your concentration is also strong and intense .
if your [want] is strong and your interest intense , your concentration is also strong and intense .

Interest and desire are the keys to concentration and effective study .
interest and [want] are the keys to concentration and effective study .

Only some over-riding interest in the subject ( including an imposed pseudo-interest such as the imminence of an examination ) , or the desire brought to the forefront of your mind by a growing fascination in what you are reading , will finally shut out the rest of the world .
only some over-riding interest in the subject ( including an imposed pseudo-interest such as the imminence of an examination ) , or the [want] brought to the forefront of your mind by a growing fascination in what you are reading , will finally shut out the rest of the world .

The important technique , which keeps you going as an automaton until interest and desire take over , and concentration sharpens to a fine point , is that of having a rigorous time-table of study laid down in advance .
the important technique , which keeps you going as an automaton until interest and [want] take over , and concentration sharpens to a fine point , is that of having a rigorous time-table of study laid down in advance .

He knew about the light shining in darkness , and had come , for reasons completely different from Alexander 's desire for exactness , specificity , to mistrust figurative language .
he knew about the light shining in darkness , and had come , for reasons completely different from alexander 's [want] for exactness , specificity , to mistrust figurative language .

He had a deep , consciously formulated desire not to be sexual at all , but did not expect to be believed if he said so .
he had a deep , consciously formulated [want] not to be sexual at all , but did not expect to be believed if he said so .

This produces a desire to eat sweet snack foods .
this produces a [want] to eat sweet snack foods .

The exaltation brought a strange energy which slipped easily into desire . ``
the exaltation brought a strange energy which slipped easily into [want] . ``

My friend Bar , though , was an East Yorkshire farmer 's daughter , and while she was cautious about my intellectual defiance of convention she had a country practical acceptance of the body and physical desire .
my friend bar , though , was an east yorkshire farmer 's daughter , and while she was cautious about my intellectual defiance of convention she had a country practical acceptance of the body and physical [want] .

Silent viewing also generates a genuine desire to communicate within the group .
silent viewing also generates a genuine [want] to communicate within the group .

Often there are disagreements and the desire to defend their own interpretation can lead learners to stretch their powers of communicating to the utmost .
often there are disagreements and the [want] to defend their own interpretation can lead learners to stretch their powers of communicating to the utmost .

Studies of students taking part in seminars suggest that posture is also used to indicate a desire to enter the discussion .
studies of students taking part in seminars suggest that posture is also used to indicate a [want] to enter the discussion .

Since the evening of the reception at the governor 's palais when she had turned her head to find him looking at her , the memory of the naked desire she had seen in Jacques Devraux 's eyes had smouldered in her mind .
since the evening of the reception at the governor 's palais when she had turned her head to find him looking at her , the memory of the naked [want] she had seen in jacques devraux 's eyes had smouldered in her mind .

In the light of the lamp her naked body was glistening with rain and perspiration and when she saw the desire in his eyes she fell to her knees beside him .
in the light of the lamp her naked body was glistening with rain and perspiration and when she saw the [want] in his eyes she fell to her knees beside him .

In a desire to get something down on paper quickly the student is underestimating the power and importance of the introduction .
in a [want] to get something down on paper quickly the student is underestimating the power and importance of the introduction .

Emperor : No , 't is resistance that inflames desire , Sharpens the darts of love and blows his fire .
emperor : no , 't is resistance that inflames [want] , sharpens the darts of love and blows his fire .

Fast motion can be used to express erotic tension and desire , if the purpose is comic rather than romantic — if we had laughed at the romantic yearnings of Cecile or even Frankie , the film would be failing , even though the treatment of these themes is throughout as much comic as tragic — ‘ bitter-sweet ’ seems to be the compound word , or better still the mot juste is ‘ douce-amère ’ .
fast motion can be used to express erotic tension and [want] , if the purpose is comic rather than romantic — if we had laughed at the romantic yearnings of cecile or even frankie , the film would be failing , even though the treatment of these themes is throughout as much comic as tragic — ‘ bitter-sweet ’ seems to be the compound word , or better still the mot juste is ‘ douce-amère ’ .

The programme is structured in such a way that on-going evaluation is simple and results can be reflected on from time to time by the Family Development Nurse and Community Mother so that the monthly visit to the family which is the main focus of the programme for achieving goals can be adapted to each family 's level and the issues that are discussed are relevant , nonjudgemental , and supportive of the parents ' own ideas and recognises the parents ' desire to do what is best for their children .
the programme is structured in such a way that on-going evaluation is simple and results can be reflected on from time to time by the family development nurse and community mother so that the monthly visit to the family which is the main focus of the programme for achieving goals can be adapted to each family 's level and the issues that are discussed are relevant , nonjudgemental , and supportive of the parents ' own ideas and recognises the parents ' [want] to do what is best for their children .

PHCNs need to be equipped during their initial training with the ability and the desire to continue learning .
phcns need to be equipped during their initial training with the ability and the [want] to continue learning .

Shirley , sitting there mildly , the downstairs Shirley , thinking these thoughts , remembering the peremptory demands of the old , the attic Shirley , felt trembling in her , deep deep buried in her sitting-room centrally heated flesh , a wild improper memory , an admissible echo , the faintest thrill of a shudder of remembered desire : Shirley Ablewhite , the bad-good girl , called to her through the knot of her body , painfully , angrily , buried , buried alive , and Shirley Harper half heard her , bent her head , and acknowledged with mixed fear and relief the stirring , the tremor , the sulking , menacing , sweet and half despairing plea .
shirley , sitting there mildly , the downstairs shirley , thinking these thoughts , remembering the peremptory demands of the old , the attic shirley , felt trembling in her , deep deep buried in her sitting-room centrally heated flesh , a wild improper memory , an admissible echo , the faintest thrill of a shudder of remembered [want] : shirley ablewhite , the bad-good girl , called to her through the knot of her body , painfully , angrily , buried , buried alive , and shirley harper half heard her , bent her head , and acknowledged with mixed fear and relief the stirring , the tremor , the sulking , menacing , sweet and half despairing plea .

There were , it is true , many awkwardnesses in their first communications , for none of them was much used to speaking to strangers , but this lack of practice was balanced by a strong desire on the part of all three of them to enter upon a new life in which speaking to strangers was possible .
there were , it is true , many awkwardnesses in their first communications , for none of them was much used to speaking to strangers , but this lack of practice was balanced by a strong [want] on the part of all three of them to enter upon a new life in which speaking to strangers was possible .

And since that movement , that rejection , Alix had felt her own desire diminish .
and since that movement , that rejection , alix had felt her own [want] diminish .

In the interrogation of suspects the investigator 's expectancy ( of finding guilt ) and the suspect 's evaluation apprehension ( resulting in a desire to show himself innocent ) may pull in different directions .
in the interrogation of suspects the investigator 's expectancy ( of finding guilt ) and the suspect 's evaluation apprehension ( resulting in a [want] to show himself innocent ) may pull in different directions .

But it is fair to assume that every time he sees people outside his own immediate entourage , there will be some among them who have a deep desire for vengeance .
but it is fair to assume that every time he sees people outside his own immediate entourage , there will be some among them who have a deep [want] for vengeance .

The Anatomy of Desire
the anatomy of [want]

Call it romance , call it desire , call it lust .
call it romance , call it [want] , call it lust .

The shock of recognition — and the beginnings of desire .
the shock of recognition — and the beginnings of [want] .

This act of recognition , of ‘ individuation ’ according to the neurobiologists , is ruled by your memory of your first object of sexual desire : your mother .
this act of recognition , of ‘ individuation ’ according to the neurobiologists , is ruled by your memory of your first object of sexual [want] : your mother .

Meanwhile , you are concentrating , probably more intently than you have concentrated on anything else all day , on the object of desire .
meanwhile , you are concentrating , probably more intently than you have concentrated on anything else all day , on the object of [want] .

The hormones associated with the delicious stress of desire and the simultaneous fear of rejection flood your system .
the hormones associated with the delicious stress of [want] and the simultaneous fear of rejection flood your system .

Your dominant emotions are increased desire and expectation .
your dominant emotions are increased [want] and expectation .

The scent intensifies desire .
the scent intensifies [want] .

But her passion is the equal of yours , and in addition to your physical lust for skin-to-skin contact , you both experience the psychological desire for closeness , to lose your separateness in emotional and physical fusion .
but her passion is the equal of yours , and in addition to your physical lust for skin-to-skin contact , you both experience the psychological [want] for closeness , to lose your separateness in emotional and physical fusion .

Hypothalamus and mid-brain glow together in radical synchronization , and above everything else — you — now a couple — feel the desire to eradicate every feeling of loss and separation , the desire to find the other that began it all .
hypothalamus and mid-brain glow together in radical synchronization , and above everything else — you — now a couple — feel the [want] to eradicate every feeling of loss and separation , the [want] to find the other that began it all .

Fired by the desire to become a professional photographer , ex-ambulance driver Max Henery has survived a severe diet of Do-it-yourself books and trial-and-error sessions to achieve just that
fired by the [want] to become a professional photographer , ex-ambulance driver max henery has survived a severe diet of do-it-yourself books and trial-and-error sessions to achieve just that

It is one thing to provide ( as in section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) ) that in the absence of special arrangements parental preferences is to prevail over a desire to keep places vacant on , for example , religious grounds : it is quite another to say that when some parental preferences are to be denied in any event as must be the case under section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) ) the choice of those parental preferences which are to prevail and those which are to be defeated should not be based on religious criteria .
it is one thing to provide ( as in section 6 ( 3 ) ( b ) ) that in the absence of special arrangements parental preferences is to prevail over a [want] to keep places vacant on , for example , religious grounds : it is quite another to say that when some parental preferences are to be denied in any event as must be the case under section 6 ( 3 ) ( a ) ) the choice of those parental preferences which are to prevail and those which are to be defeated should not be based on religious criteria .

So a truce was made with the Spartans ( 451 ) which , as Thucydides describes it ( i.112 ) , need not have been motivated by more than Athens ' commonsense desire to deal with her enemies one by one .
so a truce was made with the spartans ( 451 ) which , as thucydides describes it ( i.112 ) , need not have been motivated by more than athens ' commonsense [want] to deal with her enemies one by one .

Athens could not ignore this , and an indecisive battle ( Tanagra ) followed by a decisive one ( Oinophyta ) gave Athens control of Boiotia till 446 ( see p. 43 for her ‘ land empire ’ ambitions , and for Sparta 's desire to set up Thebes as a counterweight to Athens ) .
athens could not ignore this , and an indecisive battle ( tanagra ) followed by a decisive one ( oinophyta ) gave athens control of boiotia till 446 ( see p. 43 for her ‘ land empire ’ ambitions , and for sparta 's [want] to set up thebes as a counterweight to athens ) .

The reasons for this decentralization are lower rates and rents outside London , the desire for an attractive environment , and the availability of cheap female labour .
the reasons for this decentralization are lower rates and rents outside london , the [want] for an attractive environment , and the availability of cheap female labour .

There are a number of reasons to explain this , including the location of new housing beyond the existing built-up areas ( Ambrose 1974 ) , the desire for larger houses and gardens , improved mobility , and a preference for rural life .
there are a number of reasons to explain this , including the location of new housing beyond the existing built-up areas ( ambrose 1974 ) , the [want] for larger houses and gardens , improved mobility , and a preference for rural life .

The first , and most obvious , is the desire to prevent the unjust enrichment of criminals by prohibiting them from exploiting their crimes .
the first , and most obvious , is the [want] to prevent the unjust enrichment of criminals by prohibiting them from exploiting their crimes .

Similarly , producing a book does not produce royalties , the desire of the buying public does .
similarly , producing a book does not produce royalties , the [want] of the buying public does .

So what really causes the soldier 's action is not just his belief , but a combination of that belief with a certain desire .
so what really causes the soldier 's action is not just his belief , but a combination of that belief with a certain [want] .

And this is true of all actions : every action is caused by some combination of belief and desire .
and this is true of all actions : every action is caused by some combination of belief and [want] .

Thus suppose , to take a less bloodthirsty example , that Pooh 's desire for honey makes his belief that there 's some in the cupboard cause him to go to the cupboard to get it .
thus suppose , to take a less bloodthirsty example , that pooh 's [want] for honey makes his belief that there 's some in the cupboard cause him to go to the cupboard to get it .

achieves the object of ) the desire that has combined with some belief to cause that action .
achieves the object of ) the [want] that has combined with some belief to cause that action .

Indeed , in many cases , we do more than merely want true beliefs : we positively need them in order to survive , since our survival depends on our actions fulfilling our most basic desires , such as the desire for food and warmth .
indeed , in many cases , we do more than merely want true beliefs : we positively need them in order to survive , since our survival depends on our actions fulfilling our most basic desires , such as the [want] for food and warmth .

Which means , as we 've already remarked , that it 's caused by some combination of desire and belief : in this case , by Pooh 's desire , not just for honey , but to get a true belief about whether what 's in the pot is honey , and his belief that the way to get that true belief is to taste what 's in the pot .
which means , as we 've already remarked , that it 's caused by some combination of [want] and belief : in this case , by pooh 's [want] , not just for honey , but to get a true belief about whether what 's in the pot is honey , and his belief that the way to get that true belief is to taste what 's in the pot .

Telling the truth about something is an action , caused , like all actions , by a combination of desire and belief : in this case , of a desire to tell some truth and a belief about what the relevant truth is .
telling the truth about something is an action , caused , like all actions , by a combination of [want] and belief : in this case , of a [want] to tell some truth and a belief about what the relevant truth is .

So Rabbit 's immediate desire is to give Pooh a true belief about what he , Rabbit , believes .
so rabbit 's immediate [want] is to give pooh a true belief about what he , rabbit , believes .

There is an argument that the development of rock in the 1960s was determined mainly by intramusical factors — from a desire to explore the technological and musical possibilities of the new conditions of production set up in the rock ' n ' roll moment .
there is an argument that the development of rock in the 1960s was determined mainly by intramusical factors — from a [want] to explore the technological and musical possibilities of the new conditions of production set up in the rock ' n ' roll moment .

The underlying desire , which it disguises but feeds on , is ‘ for a new for a breaking down of environmental barriers , for an aesthetic which is not limited to the sphere of the ‘ artistic ’ ’ ( ibid : 36–7 ) .
the underlying [want] , which it disguises but feeds on , is ‘ for a new for a breaking down of environmental barriers , for an aesthetic which is not limited to the sphere of the ‘ artistic ’ ’ ( ibid : 36–7 ) .

The claim that the works in the exhibition were made by study from the living model recalls these perceptions of the nude as purified form and sublimated desire .
the claim that the works in the exhibition were made by study from the living model recalls these perceptions of the nude as purified form and sublimated [want] .

In the female nude the painted surface and the body become ciphers for each other and every stroke and layer of impasto may be read for traces of desire .
in the female nude the painted surface and the body become ciphers for each other and every stroke and layer of impasto may be read for traces of [want] .

in her pivotal essay Woman , Art and Power has described how in : ‘ This complex of beliefs involving male power , naked models and the creation of art receives its most perfect rationalisation in the ever-popular representation of the Pygmalion legend : stone beauty made worm by the worming glow of masculine desire ’ .
in her pivotal essay woman , art and power has described how in : ‘ this complex of beliefs involving male power , naked models and the creation of art receives its most perfect rationalisation in the ever-popular representation of the pygmalion legend : stone beauty made worm by the worming glow of masculine [want] ’ .

The sanctifying veil of the ideal as described in 1822 by the 6th Duke of Bedford with reference to the ‘ Three Graces ’ as shielding them form ‘ the glance of impure desire ’ and ‘ the contagion of sensual love ’ was thus lifted , or at least became more transparent .
the sanctifying veil of the ideal as described in 1822 by the 6th duke of bedford with reference to the ‘ three graces ’ as shielding them form ‘ the glance of impure [want] ’ and ‘ the contagion of sensual love ’ was thus lifted , or at least became more transparent .

It must be said that the catalogue entry here is slightly misleading in the desire to rebut the idea that this represents a ‘ femme-fatale ’ .
it must be said that the catalogue entry here is slightly misleading in the [want] to rebut the idea that this represents a ‘ femme-fatale ’ .

The debates side-stepped into discussions of desire in some areas , maintaining some political divisions between women and creating new ones , while the strongest artworks which imaged women 's bodies came from those for whom visibility was still a fundamental issue , particularly black women .
the debates side-stepped into discussions of [want] in some areas , maintaining some political divisions between women and creating new ones , while the strongest artworks which imaged women 's bodies came from those for whom visibility was still a fundamental issue , particularly black women .

Possibly , after what might be described as puritanical streaks through the 1980s , and after the theorising of desire and the occasional turning of the body into a no-go area , there is a need to explore pleasure — in the artist , the artwork and the audience ; the pleasure in that three-way encounter .
possibly , after what might be described as puritanical streaks through the 1980s , and after the theorising of [want] and the occasional turning of the body into a no-go area , there is a need to explore pleasure — in the artist , the artwork and the audience ; the pleasure in that three-way encounter .

She records triumph and tenderness , loneliness and that impulsive desire for independence , all of which must help motivate the development of her art that continues despite the demands of motherhood .
she records triumph and tenderness , loneliness and that impulsive [want] for independence , all of which must help motivate the development of her art that continues despite the demands of motherhood .

Nor could colonization and controlled tenures satisfy the deep-rooted popular desire for outright ownership .
nor could colonization and controlled tenures satisfy the deep-rooted popular [want] for outright ownership .

Their desire to preserve order ( that is , obey instructions from a government in Madrid dominated by Murat ) and their shilly-shallying when confronted with a demand to arm and lead a national revolution against the French , were swamped by popular risings .
their [want] to preserve order ( that is , obey instructions from a government in madrid dominated by murat ) and their shilly-shallying when confronted with a demand to arm and lead a national revolution against the french , were swamped by popular risings .

The solution of the Cadiz liberals for the colonial desire for self-government was the concession of full political rights to American citizens within a unified empire ; the colonies were an integral part of metropolitan Spain and would be ‘ freed ’ , with the same constitution that gave Spain herself freedom .
the solution of the cadiz liberals for the colonial [want] for self-government was the concession of full political rights to american citizens within a unified empire ; the colonies were an integral part of metropolitan spain and would be ‘ freed ’ , with the same constitution that gave spain herself freedom .

Laziness , a desire to hold on to salaries and to stay with families , accounts for much afrancesado collaboration .
laziness , a [want] to hold on to salaries and to stay with families , accounts for much afrancesado collaboration .

Regardless of social circumstances a concern for excellence and a desire to recognize it through symbols embodying precious substances is widespread among our species .
regardless of social circumstances a concern for excellence and a [want] to recognize it through symbols embodying precious substances is widespread among our species .

Finally there is the desire to minimise the risk that an accused will be convicted on the strength of an untrue extra-judicial confession , to which the law gives effect by refusing to admit confessions in evidence except upon proof that they are ‘ voluntary .
finally there is the [want] to minimise the risk that an accused will be convicted on the strength of an untrue extra-judicial confession , to which the law gives effect by refusing to admit confessions in evidence except upon proof that they are ‘ voluntary .

Not only did their desire for greater freedom at university lead them into conflict with the authorities , but at the same time they responded to issues of much wider social significance raised by the ‘ revolutionary situation ’ of 1859–61 , the massacre of peasants protesting against the terms of Emancipation , the repression of radical journalists such as Chernyshevsky .
not only did their [want] for greater freedom at university lead them into conflict with the authorities , but at the same time they responded to issues of much wider social significance raised by the ‘ revolutionary situation ’ of 1859–61 , the massacre of peasants protesting against the terms of emancipation , the repression of radical journalists such as chernyshevsky .

For some of us , the desire to see our team win at Wembley , or become league champions , or gain promotion from Division Three , is the only consistent ambition we have every held .
for some of us , the [want] to see our team win at wembley , or become league champions , or gain promotion from division three , is the only consistent ambition we have every held .

It is also noticeable that many incidents of prison disorder — especially the popular form of demonstration on the prison rooftop — are clearly motivated by the very desire to make prisoners ' grievances and allegations visible in a way that would never normally happen .
it is also noticeable that many incidents of prison disorder — especially the popular form of demonstration on the prison rooftop — are clearly motivated by the very [want] to make prisoners ' grievances and allegations visible in a way that would never normally happen .

Or , to get at it another way , here is a miscellaneous list from my own notebook of possible motives for murder : financial gain , self-protection , to preserve status , fear , to protect a loved one , for a principle , for revenge ( but remember credibility here : only in some societies is revenge stoked up enough to lead to killing ) , the drive to power , compensation for past humiliation , removing a bar to sexual happiness ( bother the permissive society , but impediments do still exist ) , jealousy , the desire to cock a giant snook at the whole world .
or , to get at it another way , here is a miscellaneous list from my own notebook of possible motives for murder : financial gain , self-protection , to preserve status , fear , to protect a loved one , for a principle , for revenge ( but remember credibility here : only in some societies is revenge stoked up enough to lead to killing ) , the drive to power , compensation for past humiliation , removing a bar to sexual happiness ( bother the permissive society , but impediments do still exist ) , jealousy , the [want] to cock a giant snook at the whole world .

For the second , there was a sense of desperate fortitude and a desire to conquer obstacles not yet quite in sight .
for the second , there was a sense of desperate fortitude and a [want] to conquer obstacles not yet quite in sight .

Quite clearly he was torn between his desire to excuse himself from further cross-examination and his obedience to the protocol which kept him in the presence of a member of the Royal Family until he was dismissed .
quite clearly he was torn between his [want] to excuse himself from further cross-examination and his obedience to the protocol which kept him in the presence of a member of the royal family until he was dismissed .

Rostov was well able to appreciate Sandor 's desire to be on hand when the first of the series was tractored in .
rostov was well able to appreciate sandor 's [want] to be on hand when the first of the series was tractored in .

More as a means of occupying his mind than out of a desire to establish the facts , Rostov began to calculate the data which governed the interlocking arcs of fire of the Tarvaras platforms .
more as a means of occupying his mind than out of a [want] to establish the facts , rostov began to calculate the data which governed the interlocking arcs of fire of the tarvaras platforms .

And everyone knows that Siban has no desire to sit on the Dragon Throne .
and everyone knows that siban has no [want] to sit on the dragon throne .

In spite of his desire for Kiku , he spent the first night in Zurachina 's yurt .
in spite of his [want] for kiku , he spent the first night in zurachina 's yurt .

He had no desire to be a kingmaker .
he had no [want] to be a kingmaker .

If he wanted the elegant clotheshorse , even more did he desire to strip and possess the woman of character .
if he wanted the elegant clotheshorse , even more did he [want] to strip and possess the woman of character .

The sight of the desk set had emptied him of all desire .
the sight of the desk set had emptied him of all [want] .

There had even been times when he 'd found himself imagining her with no clothes on at all — the way he had once seen Peggy Podmore — and felt the same keen desire well up in him .
there had even been times when he 'd found himself imagining her with no clothes on at all — the way he had once seen peggy podmore — and felt the same keen [want] well up in him .

Could he fall in love with anyone else but Madeleine , he asked himself as he got out of bed and started to get dressed ? If he kissed Cora-Beth — not on her cheek as was his custom , but on the lips — would he feel that same passionate desire he 'd experienced when he 'd kissed Madeleine that night in the schoolroom at The Grange ?
could he fall in love with anyone else but madeleine , he asked himself as he got out of bed and started to get dressed ? if he kissed cora-beth — not on her cheek as was his custom , but on the lips — would he feel that same passionate [want] he 'd experienced when he 'd kissed madeleine that night in the schoolroom at the grange ?

When Aubrey had accepted one of their many invitations to come on a lengthy visit , it did cross Harry 's mind that his resemblance to his sister might bring back painful memories , but although Aubrey had now been here over a week , he , Harry , had felt no desire to wish himself free of his engagement .
when aubrey had accepted one of their many invitations to come on a lengthy visit , it did cross harry 's mind that his resemblance to his sister might bring back painful memories , but although aubrey had now been here over a week , he , harry , had felt no [want] to wish himself free of his engagement .

His desire for her was instantaneous and of their own volition his hands began to search and caress her body .
his [want] for her was instantaneous and of their own volition his hands began to search and caress her body .

Thoughts of Wendell Harvey , of possible passers-by , of wedding dates , receded from his mind as his desire for this lovely , passionate girl matched hers for him .
thoughts of wendell harvey , of possible passers-by , of wedding dates , receded from his mind as his [want] for this lovely , passionate girl matched hers for him .

With the possible exception of the now defunct art form of 12-inch album sleeve covers , what other entertainment or information product creates that same desire for possession ?
with the possible exception of the now defunct art form of 12-inch album sleeve covers , what other entertainment or information product creates that same [want] for possession ?

If each party has his own private end to gain , but yet the joint aim is no more than a desire for prosperity or peace in industry , there is no tort .
if each party has his own private end to gain , but yet the joint aim is no more than a [want] for prosperity or peace in industry , there is no tort .

Government intervention has been prompted , therefore , by a desire to save capitalism , not from a desire to undermine it .
government intervention has been prompted , therefore , by a [want] to save capitalism , not from a [want] to undermine it .

Initially the government was reluctant to impose controls and rationing , but its desire to curb wage rises and industrial unrest forced it to intervene .
initially the government was reluctant to impose controls and rationing , but its [want] to curb wage rises and industrial unrest forced it to intervene .

The creation of a group of special civil servants , including individuals recruited from outside the public service for their expertise or political connections , has been seen as a further desire to strengthen strategic thinking in government .
the creation of a group of special civil servants , including individuals recruited from outside the public service for their expertise or political connections , has been seen as a further [want] to strengthen strategic thinking in government .

In recent years , partly as a result of exposure to the American literature and partly because of a desire to adopt a tough-minded approach towards power , British social and political scientists have increasingly been on the look out for signs of a similar system in Britain .
in recent years , partly as a result of exposure to the american literature and partly because of a [want] to adopt a tough-minded approach towards power , british social and political scientists have increasingly been on the look out for signs of a similar system in britain .

Their desire for re-election forces them to adopt strategies in which they are highly sensitive to pressure groups .
their [want] for re-election forces them to adopt strategies in which they are highly sensitive to pressure groups .

This extends beyond a tendency to influence policy delivery by the characteristic ‘ insubordinate ’ responses of evasion , delay , and so on , into a desire to feed back views into the policy-making process .
this extends beyond a tendency to influence policy delivery by the characteristic ‘ insubordinate ’ responses of evasion , delay , and so on , into a [want] to feed back views into the policy-making process .

There was a desire to create a single referral point and a truly accessible and localized service that everyone would know about and use .
there was a [want] to create a single referral point and a truly accessible and localized service that everyone would know about and use .

Since then he had been attracted to several women , and discovered both the intoxicating pleasures offered by some of them and the speed with which fulfilled desire died .
since then he had been attracted to several women , and discovered both the intoxicating pleasures offered by some of them and the speed with which fulfilled [want] died .

In Nicola , these feelings were overwhelming ; and alongside them was a fierce desire to see Jay 's murderers punished .
in nicola , these feelings were overwhelming ; and alongside them was a fierce [want] to see jay 's murderers punished .

But that desire to turn , that need to look … Someone was there .
but that [want] to turn , that need to look … someone was there .

Those of you who have no desire to program applications will probably be better off with Access , were it not for Borland 's tasty special offer price .
those of you who have no [want] to program applications will probably be better off with access , were it not for borland 's tasty special offer price .

‘ It is a purely ideological desire to see the private sector providing regardless of whether it is appropriate or not .
‘ it is a purely ideological [want] to see the private sector providing regardless of whether it is appropriate or not .

Before 1990 many general practitioners were improving the quality of care of their patients in a spontaneous desire to improve standards .
before 1990 many general practitioners were improving the quality of care of their patients in a spontaneous [want] to improve standards .

In these often lonely circumstances people 's desire for medical advice may be acute , and with nearly nine tenths of households having a telephone in 1990 ( up from three quarters in 1981 ) , advice is becoming more accessible .
in these often lonely circumstances people 's [want] for medical advice may be acute , and with nearly nine tenths of households having a telephone in 1990 ( up from three quarters in 1981 ) , advice is becoming more accessible .

Lord Bannerman wrote " The Highlander 's greatest asset is his insatiable desire for education . "
lord bannerman wrote " the highlander 's greatest asset is his insatiable [want] for education . "

Shall be to promote a spirit of brotherhood among the Members , stir up a desire for self improvement , smooth and tone down the angularities so largely the product of isolated effort , encourage and stimulate individual endeavour , and in short do everything possible to assist each Member to make the most of his or her God-given talents .
shall be to promote a spirit of brotherhood among the members , stir up a [want] for self improvement , smooth and tone down the angularities so largely the product of isolated effort , encourage and stimulate individual endeavour , and in short do everything possible to assist each member to make the most of his or her god-given talents .

The advertisements for two brands , for example , make extravagant claims : ‘ Guaranteed to stop you smoking ’ ( Nicostop ) ; ‘ With Nicoban 's help you stop smoking painlessly , simply , permanently … You wear it on your arm , and it releases a measured dosage of nicotine extract throughout the day which really does take away the desire to smoke .
the advertisements for two brands , for example , make extravagant claims : ‘ guaranteed to stop you smoking ’ ( nicostop ) ; ‘ with nicoban 's help you stop smoking painlessly , simply , permanently … you wear it on your arm , and it releases a measured dosage of nicotine extract throughout the day which really does take away the [want] to smoke .

In so far , therefore , as the deaf and dumb desire to be independent and to have some say in all matters which directly concern themselves , educationally , spiritually and socially , ample opportunity is provided for them in this their own Association .
in so far , therefore , as the deaf and dumb [want] to be independent and to have some say in all matters which directly concern themselves , educationally , spiritually and socially , ample opportunity is provided for them in this their own association .

This is a cold , simple fact — the word `` dumb `` not only fails to attract youth but it positively repels them … We are now in the seventies and our image must reflect our desire to serve the deaf of our times . ``
this is a cold , simple fact — the word `` dumb `` not only fails to attract youth but it positively repels them … we are now in the seventies and our image must reflect our [want] to serve the deaf of our times . ``

Driven on by the desire to escape from the hardship of his peasant origins , Pierre Nizan pushed himself ever forward in a process of continual self advancement .
driven on by the [want] to escape from the hardship of his peasant origins , pierre nizan pushed himself ever forward in a process of continual self advancement .

This description , if accurate , would appear to reflect more a desire on Nizan 's part to reassure his friends than a genuine assessment of current diplomatic realities .
this description , if accurate , would appear to reflect more a [want] on nizan 's part to reassure his friends than a genuine assessment of current diplomatic realities .

The propagandist view of literature , literature as illustration , tendentiousness , are denounced on the grounds that the desire to illustrate one particular ideological viewpoint at the expense of all else , has disastrous consequences at the artistic level since such an approach is at odds with any attempt to display the inherent contradictions and complexities within a given historical situation ; indeed , the case is quite the reverse : it actually masks such contradictions .
the propagandist view of literature , literature as illustration , tendentiousness , are denounced on the grounds that the [want] to illustrate one particular ideological viewpoint at the expense of all else , has disastrous consequences at the artistic level since such an approach is at odds with any attempt to display the inherent contradictions and complexities within a given historical situation ; indeed , the case is quite the reverse : it actually masks such contradictions .

The target of the revolutionary writer 's attentions is a reading public readily and willingly collaborating in its own mystifications , yet retaining at heart a desire for cultural enlightenment and refusing adamantly to be patronised or taken in by glib and misguided preaching .
the target of the revolutionary writer 's attentions is a reading public readily and willingly collaborating in its own mystifications , yet retaining at heart a [want] for cultural enlightenment and refusing adamantly to be patronised or taken in by glib and misguided preaching .

Although the desire to involve users in planning and consultation is real enough , the unfriendliness of planning structures is not yet sufficiently recognised .
although the [want] to involve users in planning and consultation is real enough , the unfriendliness of planning structures is not yet sufficiently recognised .

Nixon and Kissinger sought to readjust to new realities through the policy of détente , accepting Russian nuclear parity and satisfying Western Europe 's desire for a relaxation of tensions .
nixon and kissinger sought to readjust to new realities through the policy of détente , accepting russian nuclear parity and satisfying western europe 's [want] for a relaxation of tensions .

However , his desire to secure human rights in Eastern Europe led to immediate arguments with Brezhnev and Soviet-American relations continued to be troubled in other areas .
however , his [want] to secure human rights in eastern europe led to immediate arguments with brezhnev and soviet-american relations continued to be troubled in other areas .

In contrast to 1956 , when Khruschev 's call for reform in the East had soon led to a Soviet clampdown , Gorbachev 's desire for change included an acceptance of political pluralism .
in contrast to 1956 , when khruschev 's call for reform in the east had soon led to a soviet clampdown , gorbachev 's [want] for change included an acceptance of political pluralism .

In America the debate at the end of 1989 was no longer whether Gorbachev 's desire for reform was sincere , but whether he could survive its repercussions and President George Bush , the former Vice-President , who had succeeded Reagan in January 1989 , was cautious about defining his Soviet policy .
in america the debate at the end of 1989 was no longer whether gorbachev 's [want] for reform was sincere , but whether he could survive its repercussions and president george bush , the former vice-president , who had succeeded reagan in january 1989 , was cautious about defining his soviet policy .

Then in December he was appalled by the Socialists ' desire to cut the military budget .
then in december he was appalled by the socialists ' [want] to cut the military budget .

It soon became clear that France 's tradition of ‘ assimilation ’ and centralised control over her colonies had won out over any real desire to share power with native peoples .
it soon became clear that france 's tradition of ‘ assimilation ’ and centralised control over her colonies had won out over any real [want] to share power with native peoples .

This desire to discover can take several different forms , depending on a person 's range of knowledge .
this [want] to discover can take several different forms , depending on a person 's range of knowledge .

In conversation with the boys they learnt of Minton 's homosexuality and though this ruled him out as a potential husband it did not diminish their desire to be in his company .
in conversation with the boys they learnt of minton 's homosexuality and though this ruled him out as a potential husband it did not diminish their [want] to be in his company .

He would not have created around him such a large and adoring circle had he not had very real capacities as a teacher , a gift for friendship and for infecting others with his passion for art , literature , films and music as well as a readiness to share in the post-war desire for a better world .
he would not have created around him such a large and adoring circle had he not had very real capacities as a teacher , a gift for friendship and for infecting others with his passion for art , literature , films and music as well as a readiness to share in the post-war [want] for a better world .

Woodcock also perceived that for Minton sexual desire and emotional attraction occupied two separate areas .
woodcock also perceived that for minton sexual [want] and emotional attraction occupied two separate areas .

Its concern with adolescent love , and the way in which its idealism and purity can not evade the sullying effects of adult realities , paralleled Minton 's own fear of lost youth , his obsession with adolescence and desire for a love that could only exist in a state untrammelled by adult responsibilities .
its concern with adolescent love , and the way in which its idealism and purity can not evade the sullying effects of adult realities , paralleled minton 's own fear of lost youth , his obsession with adolescence and [want] for a love that could only exist in a state untrammelled by adult responsibilities .

He argued that Minton 's desire to describe outweighed his impulse to compose ; objects too literally reported were not sufficiently re-created .
he argued that minton 's [want] to describe outweighed his impulse to compose ; objects too literally reported were not sufficiently re-created .

’ The decorative insistence , to which Heron objected , can be interpreted as a visual expression of Minton 's loneliness , of his desire to charm and seduce , to be accepted and to belong .
’ the decorative insistence , to which heron objected , can be interpreted as a visual expression of minton 's loneliness , of his [want] to charm and seduce , to be accepted and to belong .

His greatest desire , Ricky Stride felt , was to be ‘ one of the boys ’ .
his greatest [want] , ricky stride felt , was to be ‘ one of the boys ’ .

Money procured for Minton the kind of men he needed , but his inability to possess them left him with insatiable desire , to such an extent that his relentless pursuit of young men began to intrude into everything he did .
money procured for minton the kind of men he needed , but his inability to possess them left him with insatiable [want] , to such an extent that his relentless pursuit of young men began to intrude into everything he did .

At other times Bacon turned his wit on Minton , with a seemingly deliberate desire to provoke .
at other times bacon turned his wit on minton , with a seemingly deliberate [want] to provoke .

Minton not only accepted invitations to dinner , in the digs Ted Dicks shared with another Royal College student who later became a famous thriller-writer , Len Deighton , he also shared a desire to participate in the revues Dicks mounted in the Common Room in Cromwell Road and which were so renowned that the entrance queue often tailed all the way back to South Kensington tube station .
minton not only accepted invitations to dinner , in the digs ted dicks shared with another royal college student who later became a famous thriller-writer , len deighton , he also shared a [want] to participate in the revues dicks mounted in the common room in cromwell road and which were so renowned that the entrance queue often tailed all the way back to south kensington tube station .

The desire that he felt for Bowler , and which he admitted to David Tindle while this portrait was in progress , is made palpable in the finished work through the gentle , even pressure of the dusky light as it falls on the sitter 's head , hands and feet .
the [want] that he felt for bowler , and which he admitted to david tindle while this portrait was in progress , is made palpable in the finished work through the gentle , even pressure of the dusky light as it falls on the sitter 's head , hands and feet .

The desire to reduce densities in the conurbation had been part of the background to planning since the 1930s and was reemphasized in Northumberland 's current development plans for the North Tyneside area ( corresponding broadly with what is called Northern Tyne side in this book ) .
the [want] to reduce densities in the conurbation had been part of the background to planning since the 1930s and was reemphasized in northumberland 's current development plans for the north tyneside area ( corresponding broadly with what is called northern tyne side in this book ) .

Admirable as the desire is to ensure that these builders have the opportunity to construct the dwellings that the public will want to buy , the special position of Tyne and Wear , the real shortage of new land , makes it essential in planning terms that existing urban areas should be scoured for land upon which to build .
admirable as the [want] is to ensure that these builders have the opportunity to construct the dwellings that the public will want to buy , the special position of tyne and wear , the real shortage of new land , makes it essential in planning terms that existing urban areas should be scoured for land upon which to build .

In a study conducted in the 1960s , Rex and Moore ( 1967 ) argued that the shared desire of people living in cities is to move to the suburbs .
in a study conducted in the 1960s , rex and moore ( 1967 ) argued that the shared [want] of people living in cities is to move to the suburbs .

In recent years , there has been a desire both to move into the countryside and , for many young professional people , to move into areas fairly close to city centres .
in recent years , there has been a [want] both to move into the countryside and , for many young professional people , to move into areas fairly close to city centres .

This rather reserved child , this self-styled future utopian essayist , found herself rattling on about unhappiness and happiness , found herself possessed by a desire to comprehend and convey what had happened , was happening , to a handful of people near her .
this rather reserved child , this self-styled future utopian essayist , found herself rattling on about unhappiness and happiness , found herself possessed by a [want] to comprehend and convey what had happened , was happening , to a handful of people near her .

She had no desire whatsoever to repeat her own performance .
she had no [want] whatsoever to repeat her own performance .

Because our lord the king had great zeal and desire to redress the state of the realm in such things as required amendment for the common profit of Holy Church and of the realm ; and because the state of Holy Church had been evil kept and the prelates and religious persons of the land grieved many ways , and the people otherwise entreated than they ought to be , and the peace less kept , and the laws less used , and the offenders less punished than they ought to be .
because our lord the king had great zeal and [want] to redress the state of the realm in such things as required amendment for the common profit of holy church and of the realm ; and because the state of holy church had been evil kept and the prelates and religious persons of the land grieved many ways , and the people otherwise entreated than they ought to be , and the peace less kept , and the laws less used , and the offenders less punished than they ought to be .

Edward 's desire to rid himself of the burden and embarrassment of Scotland was shared not only by his subjects but also by the pope , whose concern for peace in England , a prerequisite for a crusade , was once again evident .
edward 's [want] to rid himself of the burden and embarrassment of scotland was shared not only by his subjects but also by the pope , whose concern for peace in england , a prerequisite for a crusade , was once again evident .

Another reason may have been the desire to end the war as quickly as possible , better achieved perhaps by financing one side rather than both .
another reason may have been the [want] to end the war as quickly as possible , better achieved perhaps by financing one side rather than both .

Sometimes we deliberately flout the charge to be relevant : to signal embarrassment or a desire to change the subject .
sometimes we deliberately flout the charge to be relevant : to signal embarrassment or a [want] to change the subject .

Where there is overlap between turns it has some particular significance : signalling annoyance , urgency , or a desire to correct what is being said .
where there is overlap between turns it has some particular significance : signalling annoyance , urgency , or a [want] to correct what is being said .

Although some theorists , in their desire to reproduce the course of first language development , have scorned the relevance of these abilities to second language development , it seems foolish to take no account of them , especially as we can not stop older students from seeking awareness of the rules governing the material they are trying to learn .
although some theorists , in their [want] to reproduce the course of first language development , have scorned the relevance of these abilities to second language development , it seems foolish to take no account of them , especially as we can not stop older students from seeking awareness of the rules governing the material they are trying to learn .

This heated debate ends when the third member of the crew , pilot Jeff Garvey , emerges from the surrounding bushes , driven by an overwhelming desire to kill Lowery .
this heated debate ends when the third member of the crew , pilot jeff garvey , emerges from the surrounding bushes , driven by an overwhelming [want] to kill lowery .

The problem , for the agency , is to recognize and exploit the distinction , without frustrating the desire of all the department to be allowed to have the original , creative ideas .
the problem , for the agency , is to recognize and exploit the distinction , without frustrating the [want] of all the department to be allowed to have the original , creative ideas .

Or a desire to put the record straight ?
or a [want] to put the record straight ?

‘ But now , ’ Katherine pressed him , ‘ now you do n't desire me any more ? ’
‘ but now , ’ katherine pressed him , ‘ now you do n't [want] me any more ? ’

She had the sense she was inhabiting a dream from which she had no desire to wake .
she had the sense she was inhabiting a dream from which she had no [want] to wake .

She had a moment of pure desire in which she wanted to shout to him that he must come away with her .
she had a moment of pure [want] in which she wanted to shout to him that he must come away with her .

An old woman ridiculous in the presence of desire .
an old woman ridiculous in the presence of [want] .

She was the very embodiment of his desire for the unknown , the unknowable , the other .
she was the very embodiment of his [want] for the unknown , the unknowable , the other .

In death , she had returned to that and returned his desire .
in death , she had returned to that and returned his [want] .

Worried about her attachment to her project which he read correctly as not only her desire to make Jacob happy , but to replace and improve upon her mother .
worried about her attachment to her project which he read correctly as not only her [want] to make jacob happy , but to replace and improve upon her mother .

Katherine had a sudden desire to vomit .
katherine had a sudden [want] to vomit .

Not for the first time he thought how monotonous it was , this unerring selection of inappropriate objects of desire .
not for the first time he thought how monotonous it was , this unerring selection of inappropriate objects of [want] .

This may be regarded as the chairman exercising his prerogative to amuse himself ; yet it is also governed by a simple and earnest desire to amuse others .
this may be regarded as the chairman exercising his prerogative to amuse himself ; yet it is also governed by a simple and earnest [want] to amuse others .

Overcome by a sudden desire to become more involved in the record business again , Branson developed an inexplicable passion for a very mediocre pop group called Headline , and signed them against Draper 's advice .
overcome by a sudden [want] to become more involved in the record business again , branson developed an inexplicable passion for a very mediocre pop group called headline , and signed them against draper 's advice .

‘ what a mortgagee is entitled to is that which is covered by the words ‘ costs charges and expenses properly incurred , ’ and it is for the taxing masters to say what these are … if the parties desire to depart from such a rule , they must express themselves in plain and unequivocal language .
‘ what a mortgagee is entitled to is that which is covered by the words ‘ costs charges and expenses properly incurred , ’ and it is for the taxing masters to say what these are … if the parties [want] to depart from such a rule , they must express themselves in plain and unequivocal language .

An order is not to be made under the section unless , in deciding to give the preference , the company was influenced by a desire to produce that effect : subsection ( 5 ) .
an order is not to be made under the section unless , in deciding to give the preference , the company was influenced by a [want] to produce that effect : subsection ( 5 ) .

‘ the desire to minimise the risk that an accused will be convicted on the strength of an untrue extra-judicial confession , to which the law gives effect by refusing to admit confessions in evidence except upon proof that they are ‘ voluntary . ’
‘ the [want] to minimise the risk that an accused will be convicted on the strength of an untrue extra-judicial confession , to which the law gives effect by refusing to admit confessions in evidence except upon proof that they are ‘ voluntary . ’

It is conceded that this was a mistake , flowing from a desire to be fair to the defence .
it is conceded that this was a mistake , flowing from a [want] to be fair to the defence .

So , the desire for a yacht which would take him and his wife on a worldwide cruise , comfortably and quickly , led them to Warwick Collins after they had seen one of his previous yachts , called Fondue , a 38-footer ( 11.5m ) .
so , the [want] for a yacht which would take him and his wife on a worldwide cruise , comfortably and quickly , led them to warwick collins after they had seen one of his previous yachts , called fondue , a 38-footer ( 11.5m ) .

At Persepolis , Muhammad Reza Shah remoulded Persian history to his own hearts desire .
at persepolis , muhammad reza shah remoulded persian history to his own hearts [want] .

The Nazis had assiduously courted Reza Shah , exploiting his desire to see Iran become more independent of both the British and the Russians .
the nazis had assiduously courted reza shah , exploiting his [want] to see iran become more independent of both the british and the russians .

Some courtiers were intelligent , some had the desire to educate themselves , but in the whole these people had little interest in politics , beyond a vapid enthusiasm for the status quo which treated them so well , and an unthinking conservatism , which led them to dismiss anyone with views to the left of their own as `` Communists `` .
some courtiers were intelligent , some had the [want] to educate themselves , but in the whole these people had little interest in politics , beyond a vapid enthusiasm for the status quo which treated them so well , and an unthinking conservatism , which led them to dismiss anyone with views to the left of their own as `` communists `` .

Publicity in the local press was discouraged by the regime ; officials insisted that this was `` a strictly private visit `` to take place `` in absolute discretion `` , and that the Shah himself had `` expressed no desire to see the press `` .
publicity in the local press was discouraged by the regime ; officials insisted that this was `` a strictly private visit `` to take place `` in absolute discretion `` , and that the shah himself had `` expressed no [want] to see the press `` .

Under Carters human rights programme , the state Department began to pressure the Shah to restrain his secret police , and Zahedis opulent flamboyance was ill suited for Carters desire for a less pretentious style of government .
under carters human rights programme , the state department began to pressure the shah to restrain his secret police , and zahedis opulent flamboyance was ill suited for carters [want] for a less pretentious style of government .

Amongst them there was a need to make sense of ones experience through the work , and a desire to communicate this to others .
amongst them there was a need to make sense of ones experience through the work , and a [want] to communicate this to others .

She uses the camera to document confrontations on the street , obscure , elusive meetings — collisions with approaching men whose bodies dissolve into abstractions at the point of contact , talismans against desire and satiric comments on the nature of tangential encounters .
she uses the camera to document confrontations on the street , obscure , elusive meetings — collisions with approaching men whose bodies dissolve into abstractions at the point of contact , talismans against [want] and satiric comments on the nature of tangential encounters .

The desire to see world ecology in perfect harmony .
the [want] to see world ecology in perfect harmony .

On the other hand , your need to be charge of nature may reflect some of your own fears and uncertainties . In fact , though we hate to suggest it , if nearly all your ticks stopped here , perhaps your desire to dominate is stepping towards the extreme ?
on the other hand , your need to be charge of nature may reflect some of your own fears and uncertainties . in fact , though we hate to suggest it , if nearly all your ticks stopped here , perhaps your [want] to dominate is stepping towards the extreme ?

On the contrary , the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop the addiction .
on the contrary , the only requirement for membership is a [want] to stop the addiction .

Nonetheless , those who wish for lasting secure recovery will need to learn to consider feedback from any source and family members who truly desire longterm recovery for their loved ones will need first to understand their own `` family disease `` and get into recovery from it before learning the techniques of giving open and honest non-judgemental feedback to others .
nonetheless , those who wish for lasting secure recovery will need to learn to consider feedback from any source and family members who truly [want] longterm recovery for their loved ones will need first to understand their own `` family disease `` and get into recovery from it before learning the techniques of giving open and honest non-judgemental feedback to others .

All you have to do is to be brave enough to stand up to those putting pressure on you or taking advantage of your desire to keep everyone happy .
all you have to do is to be brave enough to stand up to those putting pressure on you or taking advantage of your [want] to keep everyone happy .

There were no secret gatherings , partly because there were hardly any students , and because the peasants and artisans , although very anti-Fascist , had no desire to be caught up in political activities .
there were no secret gatherings , partly because there were hardly any students , and because the peasants and artisans , although very anti-fascist , had no [want] to be caught up in political activities .

As a young man he had had a strong desire to visit the United States and decided to go there for a holiday , but as the liner approached New York , he dreamed that his mother ( to whom he was not particularly strongly attached ) was lonely and missed him , and this dream made him terribly homesick .
as a young man he had had a strong [want] to visit the united states and decided to go there for a holiday , but as the liner approached new york , he dreamed that his mother ( to whom he was not particularly strongly attached ) was lonely and missed him , and this dream made him terribly homesick .

He wondered , morbidly introspective in the cold light of dawn , whether his decision to see the next murder case through from the call to the scene of crime to the trial had really arisen from a desire to learn or merely from a craven wish to impress or , worse , to propitiate , his staff , to show them that he valued their skills , that he wanted to be one of the team .
he wondered , morbidly introspective in the cold light of dawn , whether his decision to see the next murder case through from the call to the scene of crime to the trial had really arisen from a [want] to learn or merely from a craven wish to impress or , worse , to propitiate , his staff , to show them that he valued their skills , that he wanted to be one of the team .

Dalgliesh had recognised , with foreboding , a familiar phenomenon : the desire of a witness , aware of the paucity of her evidence , to make the most of it lest the police be disappointed , while remaining as far as possible within the confines of truth .
dalgliesh had recognised , with foreboding , a familiar phenomenon : the [want] of a witness , aware of the paucity of her evidence , to make the most of it lest the police be disappointed , while remaining as far as possible within the confines of truth .

In fact , behind the bland constitutional concern to protect human rights through a Bill of Rights , there often lurks a partisan and intensely political concern to restrict the role of the state because of an attachment to a theory of limited government , born of a desire to use the law to defend the private sphere and capitalism , so hitting at the possibility of socialism and the democratic road to its attainment .
in fact , behind the bland constitutional concern to protect human rights through a bill of rights , there often lurks a partisan and intensely political concern to restrict the role of the state because of an attachment to a theory of limited government , born of a [want] to use the law to defend the private sphere and capitalism , so hitting at the possibility of socialism and the democratic road to its attainment .

First , there is a concern to limit prime ministerial patronage in a number of areas ( and the concern to abolish the House of Lords is in part born of a desire to deny the Prime Minister the constitutional right to create peers ) .
first , there is a concern to limit prime ministerial patronage in a number of areas ( and the concern to abolish the house of lords is in part born of a [want] to deny the prime minister the constitutional right to create peers ) .

Sensual love-blimps , billowing out like hillocky , hummocky , water bottles of desire , bulging with hidden promise and a hint of , hmm , ignorance .
sensual love-blimps , billowing out like hillocky , hummocky , water bottles of [want] , bulging with hidden promise and a hint of , hmm , ignorance .

Perhaps not surprisingly , Cud feel their increasing popularity is due to the prevailing attitude of punters who desire a good night out rather than a drubbing from a band preaching a university thesis .
perhaps not surprisingly , cud feel their increasing popularity is due to the prevailing attitude of punters who [want] a good night out rather than a drubbing from a band preaching a university thesis .

The Minister meant that any surpluses will not be transferred to pensioners because that is what the Government desire .
the minister meant that any surpluses will not be transferred to pensioners because that is what the government [want] .

This desire is also reflected in the encouragement given to pupils to undertake group projects , perhaps in making a display , organizing fund-raising events or planning for an excursion or residential experience .
this [want] is also reflected in the encouragement given to pupils to undertake group projects , perhaps in making a display , organizing fund-raising events or planning for an excursion or residential experience .

Compliance on this occasion is advanced by the pupils ' desire to enjoy the recreational facilities , most importantly the ‘ pool ’ and table tennis .
compliance on this occasion is advanced by the pupils ' [want] to enjoy the recreational facilities , most importantly the ‘ pool ’ and table tennis .

Following a period of many months , William expressed a desire to return to mainstream schooling and approaches were made to St Augustine 's by the educational psychologist concerned .
following a period of many months , william expressed a [want] to return to mainstream schooling and approaches were made to st augustine 's by the educational psychologist concerned .

Perhaps so , but it seems to me that , if the experience curve is understood as reflecting the continued , planned desire for cost leadership as more is produced , the expression of the curve and the learning rate provide a useful way of monitoring cost-reduction possibilities and helping to formulate strategy .
perhaps so , but it seems to me that , if the experience curve is understood as reflecting the continued , planned [want] for cost leadership as more is produced , the expression of the curve and the learning rate provide a useful way of monitoring cost-reduction possibilities and helping to formulate strategy .

Desire leapt inside her again , as his lean finger stroked and explored .
[want] leapt inside her again , as his lean finger stroked and explored .

It was hard to believe that a few moments earlier he 'd aroused that snake-pit of desire inside her .
it was hard to believe that a few moments earlier he 'd aroused that snake-pit of [want] inside her .

Maybe it was because today so closely mirrored that subconscious yearning for escape she 'd experienced , gazing at the yachts outside Roman 's office , that she felt slightly disorientated . But here she was , floating on the calm blue sea , with Malta 's rocky cliffs to the north , and Africa two hundred and thirty kilometres to the south , revelling in Roman 's wry , amusing conversation , mentally relishing the folk-tales , the fictional fate of Antonio and Louisa , and revisualising the images of the luminous sponge and coral on the bed of the Blue Grotto , feeling as if someone had waved a magic wand , wafted her to a place of her heart 's desire …
maybe it was because today so closely mirrored that subconscious yearning for escape she 'd experienced , gazing at the yachts outside roman 's office , that she felt slightly disorientated . but here she was , floating on the calm blue sea , with malta 's rocky cliffs to the north , and africa two hundred and thirty kilometres to the south , revelling in roman 's wry , amusing conversation , mentally relishing the folk-tales , the fictional fate of antonio and louisa , and revisualising the images of the luminous sponge and coral on the bed of the blue grotto , feeling as if someone had waved a magic wand , wafted her to a place of her heart 's [want] …

‘ Try this hackneyed line on some other swooning female , ’ she retorted unevenly , ruthlessly flattening the small leap of desire triggered by his husky words , starting to push her way past him .
‘ try this hackneyed line on some other swooning female , ’ she retorted unevenly , ruthlessly flattening the small leap of [want] triggered by his husky words , starting to push her way past him .

Urgency took over , a heady impatience driven by the potent strength of Roman 's desire .
urgency took over , a heady impatience driven by the potent strength of roman 's [want] .

She was floating , eyes closed , the waves of desire obliterating any other thoughts .
she was floating , eyes closed , the waves of [want] obliterating any other thoughts .

’ His deep voice was rough and thick with controlled desire , the gleam in his dark gaze brilliant beneath the heavy lids , triggering a fresh wave of melting desire down through her stomach and thighs , almost overriding the panic which had frozen her .
’ his deep voice was rough and thick with controlled [want] , the gleam in his dark gaze brilliant beneath the heavy lids , triggering a fresh wave of melting [want] down through her stomach and thighs , almost overriding the panic which had frozen her .

His voice was still thick with suppressed desire .
his voice was still thick with suppressed [want] .

Because it had felt right ? Because she 'd abruptly felt as if her heart would burst if she did n't let him touch her , kiss her , hold her in his arms again , and then the desire had escalated so quickly that kissing had n't been enough ? Not nearly enough … ?
because it had felt right ? because she 'd abruptly felt as if her heart would burst if she did n't let him touch her , kiss her , hold her in his arms again , and then the [want] had escalated so quickly that kissing had n't been enough ? not nearly enough … ?

This was the man she 'd given herself to , willingly , wholeheartedly , by some mysterious process of transmutation from acute dislike to ardent desire , in the wild heat of last night … dislike and distrust had dissolved in the drugging excitement of his arms .
this was the man she 'd given herself to , willingly , wholeheartedly , by some mysterious process of transmutation from acute dislike to ardent [want] , in the wild heat of last night … dislike and distrust had dissolved in the drugging excitement of his arms .

Roman 's words were like a drug , pouring over her , evoking those helpless , hypnotic feelings of need and desire and hunger all over again .
roman 's words were like a drug , pouring over her , evoking those helpless , hypnotic feelings of need and [want] and hunger all over again .

Desire ?
[want] ?

The only reality was this growing excitement , this joyful , aching need , blossoming inside , her softness in contact with Roman 's hard strength , her insides melting and dissolving into an endless void of desire , and warmth , and belonging …
the only reality was this growing excitement , this joyful , aching need , blossoming inside , her softness in contact with roman 's hard strength , her insides melting and dissolving into an endless void of [want] , and warmth , and belonging …

Had the satisfaction of hearing her confess her desire for him .
had the satisfaction of hearing her confess her [want] for him .

Roman 's voice was a little unsteady , grating with grim amusement and suppressed desire .
roman 's voice was a little unsteady , grating with grim amusement and suppressed [want] .

He stared down at her at such length , with such kindling desire in his dark eyes , that she felt the heat flood through her , a hot , sweet eruption of desire .
he stared down at her at such length , with such kindling [want] in his dark eyes , that she felt the heat flood through her , a hot , sweet eruption of [want] .

Desire warmed her blood , tingling through her veins at the expression in the dark , lidded gaze .
[want] warmed her blood , tingling through her veins at the expression in the dark , lidded gaze .

‘ Oh , Roman … ’ It was a shaky whisper against his shoulder , and then she ceased to think at all , simply shut her eyes and let the hot , sweet river of desire flow unchecked through her veins and her limbs and her bloodstream .
‘ oh , roman … ’ it was a shaky whisper against his shoulder , and then she ceased to think at all , simply shut her eyes and let the hot , sweet river of [want] flow unchecked through her veins and her limbs and her bloodstream .

‘ Roman , now , please , oh , please love me now … ’ Was it her own whispered , husky voice , unrecognisable , as her head moved feverishly from side to side in the growing , unbearable tension of desire ?
‘ roman , now , please , oh , please love me now … ’ was it her own whispered , husky voice , unrecognisable , as her head moved feverishly from side to side in the growing , unbearable tension of [want] ?

But he himself felt so far from convinced there was any crime to investigate , that he had no desire to spread ill founded suspicions .
but he himself felt so far from convinced there was any crime to investigate , that he had no [want] to spread ill founded suspicions .

The only motive for killing Marius Steen could be sheer bloody-mindedness on somebody 's part — a desire to make things really difficult for Nigel .
the only motive for killing marius steen could be sheer bloody-mindedness on somebody 's part — a [want] to make things really difficult for nigel .

He had no particular desire to break the law .
he had no particular [want] to break the law .

The most base instincts — the desire for food or sex — were , he argued , all that one could ever find in the unshaped man , and human nature was as indifferent to good or evil as free-flowing water is to the shape it eventually fills .
the most base instincts — the [want] for food or sex — were , he argued , all that one could ever find in the unshaped man , and human nature was as indifferent to good or evil as free-flowing water is to the shape it eventually fills .

He was possessed with the desire to discover the very secret of life itself .
he was possessed with the [want] to discover the very secret of life itself .

Sheepdogs are difficult to teach to drive the flock away from the shepherd — the dog has to be restrained from its desire to circle round and drive them back .
sheepdogs are difficult to teach to drive the flock away from the shepherd — the dog has to be restrained from its [want] to circle round and drive them back .

He tried to bolster his courage by reciting the reasons for what he was doing : go per cent of them boiled down to a pressing need for money , so pressing that the bank was threatening to foreclose on his mortgage ; the other lo per cent was divided between the desire to do Lorton a good turn and the feeling that the Newleys deserved whatever fate could throw at them .
he tried to bolster his courage by reciting the reasons for what he was doing : go per cent of them boiled down to a pressing need for money , so pressing that the bank was threatening to foreclose on his mortgage ; the other lo per cent was divided between the [want] to do lorton a good turn and the feeling that the newleys deserved whatever fate could throw at them .

The thought of his own danger dwindled to insignificance beside a wholly altruistic desire to help .
the thought of his own danger dwindled to insignificance beside a wholly altruistic [want] to help .

Lorton had woken up with the desire to take communion .
lorton had woken up with the [want] to take communion .

Jessie Stephen 's mother wished she had not had so many children and did not desire to have more .
jessie stephen 's mother wished she had not had so many children and did not [want] to have more .

It was this desire for privacy that made the demands by some middle class feminists and leaders of the Women 's Labour League for communal eating and washing facilities unpopular .
it was this [want] for privacy that made the demands by some middle class feminists and leaders of the women 's labour league for communal eating and washing facilities unpopular .

Access to abortion proved an even more difficult issue in relation to the state 's desire to encourage motherhood .
access to abortion proved an even more difficult issue in relation to the state 's [want] to encourage motherhood .

The inspector expressed his wish ‘ that some of the poorer types would take on homework , as it would indicate some desire on their part to improve their circumstances ’ and give him an opportunity of trying to improve the sanitary conditions of their dwellings .
the inspector expressed his wish ‘ that some of the poorer types would take on homework , as it would indicate some [want] on their part to improve their circumstances ’ and give him an opportunity of trying to improve the sanitary conditions of their dwellings .

Margaret Wynne Nevinson 's play In the Workhouse was prompted by the case of a woman detained with her children in the workhouse because her husband was a drunkard , despite her desire to earn her living as a dressmaker .
margaret wynne nevinson 's play in the workhouse was prompted by the case of a woman detained with her children in the workhouse because her husband was a drunkard , despite her [want] to earn her living as a dressmaker .

In the long run it may be correct to argue , as Patricia Branca has done , that doctors were ‘ the logical answer to the middle class woman 's increasing desire for self-improvement and self-control ’ , but evidence suggests that medical and scientific expertise set the basic framework for discussion and action within which women tended to respond — albeit not always in an anticipated manner — rather than initiate .
in the long run it may be correct to argue , as patricia branca has done , that doctors were ‘ the logical answer to the middle class woman 's increasing [want] for self-improvement and self-control ’ , but evidence suggests that medical and scientific expertise set the basic framework for discussion and action within which women tended to respond — albeit not always in an anticipated manner — rather than initiate .

Many women with no desire to reject the social round and daily duties expected of middle class wives , but who still deplored idleness as the antithesis of duty , often made an explicit link between their idea of duty and their spiritual responsibilities .
many women with no [want] to reject the social round and daily duties expected of middle class wives , but who still deplored idleness as the antithesis of duty , often made an explicit link between their idea of duty and their spiritual responsibilities .

This same desire to render Cubism more intelligible to the general public , and to define and clarify the movement generally led Gleizes and Metzinger in the autumn of 1911 to collaborate in writing the book Du Cubisme , which appeared in August 1912 .
this same [want] to render cubism more intelligible to the general public , and to define and clarify the movement generally led gleizes and metzinger in the autumn of 1911 to collaborate in writing the book du cubisme , which appeared in august 1912 .

Primitive art may have confirmed them in their desire to achieve a greater directness of expression , but they remained interested in it from a visual point of view .
primitive art may have confirmed them in their [want] to achieve a greater directness of expression , but they remained interested in it from a visual point of view .

When these are violated in his painting , it is because the pictorial theory involved conflicted with his intensely visual and empirical approach , and with his desire to reconstruct the three-dimensional form of his subjects as fully as possible .
when these are violated in his painting , it is because the pictorial theory involved conflicted with his intensely visual and empirical approach , and with his [want] to reconstruct the three-dimensional form of his subjects as fully as possible .

It is impossible to say to what extent Cézanne was aware of the fact that he was doing this , and in the process breaking the laws of scientific linear perspective , but it seems likely that it was part of a natural desire to emphasize the two-dimensional aspect of the canvas while continuing to explain the nature of objects and also insisting on their solidity by modelling them as fully as possible .
it is impossible to say to what extent cézanne was aware of the fact that he was doing this , and in the process breaking the laws of scientific linear perspective , but it seems likely that it was part of a natural [want] to emphasize the two-dimensional aspect of the canvas while continuing to explain the nature of objects and also insisting on their solidity by modelling them as fully as possible .

Picasso 's dismissal of traditional perspective had been the result of his interest in investigating the nature of solid form and of a desire to express it in a new , more thorough and comprehensive , pictorial way .
picasso 's dismissal of traditional perspective had been the result of his interest in investigating the nature of solid form and of a [want] to express it in a new , more thorough and comprehensive , pictorial way .

Then again the painting illustrates in a very concrete fashion the pull Picasso felt between the desire to give forms an explicit , volumetrical treatment , and the need to flatten them up onto the picture plane ( compare , for example , the almost sculptural treatment of the breasts and the arms with that of the head , which is rendered in terms of two flat planes ) .
then again the painting illustrates in a very concrete fashion the pull picasso felt between the [want] to give forms an explicit , volumetrical treatment , and the need to flatten them up onto the picture plane ( compare , for example , the almost sculptural treatment of the breasts and the arms with that of the head , which is rendered in terms of two flat planes ) .

The desire of the Cubists to keep closely in touch with visual reality explains Picasso 's uneasiness about his Cadaquès paintings : clearly he could not go back to his earlier , more laborious methods of dealing with form , and yet at a single stroke he had carried the new technique suggested in the work of Braque to something very near complete abstraction .
the [want] of the cubists to keep closely in touch with visual reality explains picasso 's uneasiness about his cadaquès paintings : clearly he could not go back to his earlier , more laborious methods of dealing with form , and yet at a single stroke he had carried the new technique suggested in the work of braque to something very near complete abstraction .

There was nothing in his face that she could interpret as affection or even as desire .
there was nothing in his face that she could interpret as affection or even as [want] .

It is argued that the basis of natural justice was the desire of the ordinary courts to maintain control over adjudication , and to impose their own types of procedures on those subject to judicial control .
it is argued that the basis of natural justice was the [want] of the ordinary courts to maintain control over adjudication , and to impose their own types of procedures on those subject to judicial control .

First , the premise is that natural justice stemmed from a judicial desire to maintain control over adjudication and to impose its own procedures on those subject to its control .
first , the premise is that natural justice stemmed from a judicial [want] to maintain control over adjudication and to impose its own procedures on those subject to its control .

They have not therefore always reached their conclusion on analytical grounds ; often these conclusions are expressive of a pragmatic desire not to intervene in a particular case .
they have not therefore always reached their conclusion on analytical grounds ; often these conclusions are expressive of a pragmatic [want] not to intervene in a particular case .

While we can thus remain within conventional discourse our very desire to review findings of evidence is indicative of the weakness of the jurisdictional straitjacket in which we operate .
while we can thus remain within conventional discourse our very [want] to review findings of evidence is indicative of the weakness of the jurisdictional straitjacket in which we operate .

Desire for product
[want] for product

Advertising copy ( ie the text ) also aims to make people desire the product .
advertising copy ( ie the text ) also aims to make people [want] the product .

Advertising creates the interest and the desire , but personal selling clinches the deal .
advertising creates the interest and the [want] , but personal selling clinches the deal .

Since marketing will see the sales effort as part of the total marketing mix , there will be a strong desire to tell sales what to do and why !
since marketing will see the sales effort as part of the total marketing mix , there will be a strong [want] to tell sales what to do and why !

Jenny let them spin on for a while ; but she was above all things a sensible girl and had no desire to find herself irretrievably stuck .
jenny let them spin on for a while ; but she was above all things a sensible girl and had no [want] to find herself irretrievably stuck .

He had not parked in front of the house because he had no desire to draw attention to himself .
he had not parked in front of the house because he had no [want] to draw attention to himself .

Add to this that she was a vain woman with a streak of snobbery , but one who had made a friend of Alice Fernie ( who herself was unlikely to pick her friends haphazardly ) ; that she was a man-hunting , high-life-loving girl who had shown no desire to keep up her connection with her old stamping-grounds ; and finally , that she apparently received obscene letters with equanimity , merely folding them up and putting them away like love-letters sentimentally preserved ; add all these things together and you had a woman who was as incomprehensible as women traditionally are .
add to this that she was a vain woman with a streak of snobbery , but one who had made a friend of alice fernie ( who herself was unlikely to pick her friends haphazardly ) ; that she was a man-hunting , high-life-loving girl who had shown no [want] to keep up her connection with her old stamping-grounds ; and finally , that she apparently received obscene letters with equanimity , merely folding them up and putting them away like love-letters sentimentally preserved ; add all these things together and you had a woman who was as incomprehensible as women traditionally are .

Only consider able pressure during the energy and economic crises and the subsequent desire for energy self-sufficiency and economic recovery achieved any relaxation in the aim : the primary goal of a clean atmosphere remained largely the same but the stringent deadlines for achieving this were sacrificed .
only consider able pressure during the energy and economic crises and the subsequent [want] for energy self-sufficiency and economic recovery achieved any relaxation in the aim : the primary goal of a clean atmosphere remained largely the same but the stringent deadlines for achieving this were sacrificed .

Surrender now , Mortal , come in a the deep folds of slumber , where your heart 's desire awaits you , where all things are possible …
surrender now , mortal , come in a the deep folds of slumber , where your heart 's [want] awaits you , where all things are possible …

the ideological problem of how to assert the principle of need in the face of central government 's desire to trim welfare services .
the ideological problem of how to assert the principle of need in the face of central government 's [want] to trim welfare services .

While the rationale for the arm 's length approach , as well as the length of the arm , varies widely from organization to organization , the desire to distance important areas of public administration from direct political control has been a major factor in the twentieth-century growth of quasi-government .
while the rationale for the arm 's length approach , as well as the length of the arm , varies widely from organization to organization , the [want] to distance important areas of public administration from direct political control has been a major factor in the twentieth-century growth of quasi-government .

Indeed , a minister may even ‘ expressly desire to keep out of the affairs of quangos within the ambit of his department , arguing that to behave otherwise is merely to frustrate the whole purpose of this way of organising public services ’ ( Johnson , 1979 , p. 389 ) .
indeed , a minister may even ‘ expressly [want] to keep out of the affairs of quangos within the ambit of his department , arguing that to behave otherwise is merely to frustrate the whole purpose of this way of organising public services ’ ( johnson , 1979 , p. 389 ) .

It also made her want to find out more about the girl , and gave her a terrible desire to tease Bob about her .
it also made her want to find out more about the girl , and gave her a terrible [want] to tease bob about her .

He felt something like battle-fatigue — a great desire to lie down on the ground with his hands over his ears and take no further part in the war .
he felt something like battle-fatigue — a great [want] to lie down on the ground with his hands over his ears and take no further part in the war .

And then he had turned his head and seen that Grainne was watching him , and a sudden , surprised joy unfolded within his heart , for there was such desire in her eyes that lights exploded inside his head , and he wanted to stand still and savour the moment .
and then he had turned his head and seen that grainne was watching him , and a sudden , surprised joy unfolded within his heart , for there was such [want] in her eyes that lights exploded inside his head , and he wanted to stand still and savour the moment .

He wanted to drink it and touch it and explore it , for , he thought , surely there can be nothing so magical as the moment when you know , beyond all question , that the woman you desire desires you in return .
he wanted to drink it and touch it and explore it , for , he thought , surely there can be nothing so magical as the moment when you know , beyond all question , that the woman you [want] desires you in return .

Or should he turn desire aside and pretend that there had never been that brief , blinding flare of longing between them ? Should he take the honourable path , the virtuous path ? Should he bank down desire and quench the longing , so that in the end desire would die and longing would shrivel and life would go on very much as before …
or should he turn [want] aside and pretend that there had never been that brief , blinding flare of longing between them ? should he take the honourable path , the virtuous path ? should he bank down [want] and quench the longing , so that in the end [want] would die and longing would shrivel and life would go on very much as before …

She clung to him , and his mouth found hers , and she tasted as fresh and as new as the morning , and desire had exploded within him , and he thought that after all he had been wrong : once would never be sufficient , he wanted her for always , he wanted to be with her , to share everything with her .
she clung to him , and his mouth found hers , and she tasted as fresh and as new as the morning , and [want] had exploded within him , and he thought that after all he had been wrong : once would never be sufficient , he wanted her for always , he wanted to be with her , to share everything with her .

And then she looked back at the bed and saw the naked longing in his eyes , and something that was better than desire and that was more enduring than passion broke within her , and she moved forward , and said , ‘ Oh , my dear love ’
and then she looked back at the bed and saw the naked longing in his eyes , and something that was better than [want] and that was more enduring than passion broke within her , and she moved forward , and said , ‘ oh , my dear love ’

When Grainne slipped silently into his room , desire blazed up so uncontrollably that the banked-down emotions of a lifetime were swept aside , and he knew he would take her fiercely and violently .
when grainne slipped silently into his room , [want] blazed up so uncontrollably that the banked-down emotions of a lifetime were swept aside , and he knew he would take her fiercely and violently .

But the desire and the longing in his eyes had given her strength , and he had moved to her at once , so that she had known , once and for all , that there could never be anything strained or awkward between them .
but the [want] and the longing in his eyes had given her strength , and he had moved to her at once , so that she had known , once and for all , that there could never be anything strained or awkward between them .

The stimulus for this came from the desire by some landowners to raise the efficiency of sheep rearing to take advantage of the wool trade with the Netherlands .
the stimulus for this came from the [want] by some landowners to raise the efficiency of sheep rearing to take advantage of the wool trade with the netherlands .

Since there was a higher population and a greater surplus of output people had a higher disposable income ; this led directly to a desire for more than just food and a demand for material commodities for the household ( pottery , cutlery , more and better clothing in cotton and wool ) .
since there was a higher population and a greater surplus of output people had a higher disposable income ; this led directly to a [want] for more than just food and a demand for material commodities for the household ( pottery , cutlery , more and better clothing in cotton and wool ) .

Rather , the most powerful individuals are often those who do not have to engage in conflict but who obtain what they desire because everyone accepts unconsciously that they should benefit ( third dimension of power ) .
rather , the most powerful individuals are often those who do not have to engage in conflict but who obtain what they [want] because everyone accepts unconsciously that they should benefit ( third dimension of power ) .

It is not surprising , therefore , that recent Marxist explanations of power in capitalist society have tried to explain the more pluralistic modern forms of representation and policy-making in terms , not of some devious desire by the ruling class and their friends but as a limited freedom for actors and forces opposed to capitalism , which is constrained and limited in the last instance by the economic structure of the capitalist mode of production and its ideological hegemony .
it is not surprising , therefore , that recent marxist explanations of power in capitalist society have tried to explain the more pluralistic modern forms of representation and policy-making in terms , not of some devious [want] by the ruling class and their friends but as a limited freedom for actors and forces opposed to capitalism , which is constrained and limited in the last instance by the economic structure of the capitalist mode of production and its ideological hegemony .

It is argued that these groups have a vested interest in distorting reality to ensure that America always appears to be under threat so that they can force the president and Congress to finance the lavish and unnecessary programmes which they desire .
it is argued that these groups have a vested interest in distorting reality to ensure that america always appears to be under threat so that they can force the president and congress to finance the lavish and unnecessary programmes which they [want] .

There is no military-industrial complex because to define the enhanced role of the military in this way is to assume that the reason for this development is the desire of the military and industry to work together .
there is no military-industrial complex because to define the enhanced role of the military in this way is to assume that the reason for this development is the [want] of the military and industry to work together .

They argue , instead , that this relationship is motivated by the requirements of the ruling class and their desire to maintain profitability and to sustain their political control over society .
they argue , instead , that this relationship is motivated by the requirements of the ruling class and their [want] to maintain profitability and to sustain their political control over society .

The military , economic and political elites have different reasons for existence and different goals , yet they all share one common goal — the desire to give themselves mutual wealth , prestige and power .
the military , economic and political elites have different reasons for existence and different goals , yet they all share one common goal — the [want] to give themselves mutual wealth , prestige and power .

Such pessimistic Conclusions are rejected by pluralist writers , who believe that the political system can be used to bring about any change in society so long as that is what the majority of people desire .
such pessimistic conclusions are rejected by pluralist writers , who believe that the political system can be used to bring about any change in society so long as that is what the majority of people [want] .

these writers — like John Kenneth Galbraith and Senator Proxmire — argue that the military-industrial complex is not an inevitability ; it is a cancer on the body politic which Can be successfully expunged if the people so desire .
these writers — like john kenneth galbraith and senator proxmire — argue that the military-industrial complex is not an inevitability ; it is a cancer on the body politic which can be successfully expunged if the people so [want] .

Like elite theorists , pluralist writers deny that a ruling class exists and argue that the cause of the cancerous growth of a military-industrial complex arises from either the desire by the military to extend their power undemocratically or the desire by the bureaucratic structures in industry and the military to defend and extend their own role in society in a self-serving manner .
like elite theorists , pluralist writers deny that a ruling class exists and argue that the cause of the cancerous growth of a military-industrial complex arises from either the [want] by the military to extend their power undemocratically or the [want] by the bureaucratic structures in industry and the military to defend and extend their own role in society in a self-serving manner .

They are able to argue this because they believe that the state in capitalist society is neutral and can be used in any way that the people desire .
they are able to argue this because they believe that the state in capitalist society is neutral and can be used in any way that the people [want] .

All that is required is that the people have the necessary desire and will to bring change about .
all that is required is that the people have the necessary [want] and will to bring change about .

Her career , her desire for physical love , had led her to devalue , and so betray , herself .
her career , her [want] for physical love , had led her to devalue , and so betray , herself .

His shadowy presence created an irresistible desire for her to stretch out just an arm 's length away — and caress him , but that desire was counterbalanced by nausea at the prospect of his body coming into contact with hers again .
his shadowy presence created an irresistible [want] for her to stretch out just an arm 's length away — and caress him , but that [want] was counterbalanced by nausea at the prospect of his body coming into contact with hers again .

But the motive behind her achievement was not self-interest alone , nor the desire to carry aloft the banner of feminism .
but the motive behind her achievement was not self-interest alone , nor the [want] to carry aloft the banner of feminism .

In the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries it was the crown 's desire to spend , and Parliament 's desire to limit the tax burden , which led to regular conflicts between the king and Parliament .
in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries it was the crown 's [want] to spend , and parliament 's [want] to limit the tax burden , which led to regular conflicts between the king and parliament .

Actual practice changed fast in the 1980s as central government 's desire to cut public spending overwhelmed all other considerations .
actual practice changed fast in the 1980s as central government 's [want] to cut public spending overwhelmed all other considerations .

Thatcher 's government had to use community charge capping to limit some authorities desire to levy a high poll tax , high ; that is , relative to the government 's somewhat ill-defined and obscure upper limit .
thatcher 's government had to use community charge capping to limit some authorities [want] to levy a high poll tax , high ; that is , relative to the government 's somewhat ill-defined and obscure upper limit .

This reflects the traditions of an authority , or the lasting influence of a chief officer , but it may also reflect a natural desire by those involved to minimise the political conflicts that are generated when big changes are proposed in one department 's budget compared with others .
this reflects the traditions of an authority , or the lasting influence of a chief officer , but it may also reflect a natural [want] by those involved to minimise the political conflicts that are generated when big changes are proposed in one department 's budget compared with others .

As his passion grew , to be answered in kind by her own almost overwhelming desire , his arms tightened their hold and his mouth sought hers with greater urgency .
as his passion grew , to be answered in kind by her own almost overwhelming [want] , his arms tightened their hold and his mouth sought hers with greater urgency .

Glancing up at his face , Cassie saw his expression change , his face darkening and hardening as his mounting excitement and desire seemed to quicken into something uncontainable , threatening , like the tide of an incoming sea , to engulf them both .
glancing up at his face , cassie saw his expression change , his face darkening and hardening as his mounting excitement and [want] seemed to quicken into something uncontainable , threatening , like the tide of an incoming sea , to engulf them both .

There was a sharp , hard impatience about him , and Cassie , wanting only what he wanted , seeing only the fulfilment of her hopes , and forgetting her earlier feelings of unease , was full of dreamy desire .
there was a sharp , hard impatience about him , and cassie , wanting only what he wanted , seeing only the fulfilment of her hopes , and forgetting her earlier feelings of unease , was full of dreamy [want] .

And yet , in the greediness and fierceness of her own desire , she hardly noticed .
and yet , in the greediness and fierceness of her own [want] , she hardly noticed .

The knowledge disappeared as quickly as it had come ; but it had come in time to remind her of why she had waited so anxiously for Johnny to visit her ; to remind her of why she had longed for his return with such a burning impatience . She had something to tell him ; something so very important that even this delightful consummation of their desire must take second place
the knowledge disappeared as quickly as it had come ; but it had come in time to remind her of why she had waited so anxiously for johnny to visit her ; to remind her of why she had longed for his return with such a burning impatience . she had something to tell him ; something so very important that even this delightful consummation of their [want] must take second place

You may have loved her or hated her , agreed with her or violently opposed her , but not even her worst enemy could have accused her of spinelessness or a desire to be shielded from life 's little unpleasantnesses .
you may have loved her or hated her , agreed with her or violently opposed her , but not even her worst enemy could have accused her of spinelessness or a [want] to be shielded from life 's little unpleasantnesses .

His hand moved more purposefully across her thigh , his mouth sought hers with a more impatient and insistent desire .
his hand moved more purposefully across her thigh , his mouth sought hers with a more impatient and insistent [want] .

Her resistance to his physical charm melted into a surge of longing and desire .
her resistance to his physical charm melted into a surge of longing and [want] .

He moved from her mouth , and smiled , his eyes full of desire .
he moved from her mouth , and smiled , his eyes full of [want] .

Cassie knew that , for all his desire , he was , at that moment , in a place far , far away from her , his thoughts up there in the sky with his comrades , leaving her earthbound and excluded .
cassie knew that , for all his [want] , he was , at that moment , in a place far , far away from her , his thoughts up there in the sky with his comrades , leaving her earthbound and excluded .

Had he really said that he would share her with the whole of Fighter Command , or was that an erotic fantasy born of her own desire ?
had he really said that he would share her with the whole of fighter command , or was that an erotic fantasy born of her own [want] ?

Cassie experienced a strong desire to own them .
cassie experienced a strong [want] to own them .

She felt a strong desire to applaud .
she felt a strong [want] to applaud .

pondering the absence on Raasay of deer , hares and rabbits , and expanding to discuss beasts of prey , he begins to give a picture of a small island community in the eighteenth century as comprehensively and economically as any reader could desire .
pondering the absence on raasay of deer , hares and rabbits , and expanding to discuss beasts of prey , he begins to give a picture of a small island community in the eighteenth century as comprehensively and economically as any reader could [want] .

For intellectuals , encouraged by Rodó 's Ariel ( 1900 ) to seek a ‘ disinterested ideal ’ for Latin American development in contrast to the utilitarianism of the United States , socialism was ‘ romantic and individualistic … the expression of a desire more moralistic than social ’ ( Zea : 1963 , pp .
for intellectuals , encouraged by rodó 's ariel ( 1900 ) to seek a ‘ disinterested ideal ’ for latin american development in contrast to the utilitarianism of the united states , socialism was ‘ romantic and individualistic … the expression of a [want] more moralistic than social ’ ( zea : 1963 , pp .

But have you considered that Artai will desire to mark his accession with some conquest — some increase in his influence ?
but have you considered that artai will [want] to mark his accession with some conquest — some increase in his influence ?

He remembered what Artai had said about Burun 's lust for power , and how it was tempered by a desire for order .
he remembered what artai had said about burun 's lust for power , and how it was tempered by a [want] for order .

It was apparent that Siban was torn between his pride and his desire to engage Alexei 's interest in his petition to the Kha-Khan .
it was apparent that siban was torn between his pride and his [want] to engage alexei 's interest in his petition to the kha-khan .

The bridge though sturdy was not very wide , and one did not desire , on this of all days , an accident in which innocent children might come to harm .
the bridge though sturdy was not very wide , and one did not [want] , on this of all days , an accident in which innocent children might come to harm .

‘ And what of the next time Artai expresses desire for some lady of his court ?
‘ and what of the next time artai expresses [want] for some lady of his court ?

The desire of the American worker for union representation took place in the teeth of employer opposition that was able to impose heavy sanctions for union activity .
the [want] of the american worker for union representation took place in the teeth of employer opposition that was able to impose heavy sanctions for union activity .

Most of the scholarly literature on the subject suggests that hooligans are as much motivated by the desire for fun , excitement , and peer status as they are by ethnic , regional , or other animosities .
most of the scholarly literature on the subject suggests that hooligans are as much motivated by the [want] for fun , excitement , and peer status as they are by ethnic , regional , or other animosities .

They had no desire to progress beyond their barricades : ‘ Their whole rationale was that they were fighting a defensive battle for the protection of their community against arbitrary attack ’ ( ibid . )
they had no [want] to progress beyond their barricades : ‘ their whole rationale was that they were fighting a defensive battle for the protection of their community against arbitrary attack ’ ( ibid . )

But antiquities held no charm for Amanda Fergusson ; she had no desire to examine heathen temples to Augustus , or half-surviving columns supposedly erected in honour of the apostate Emperor Julian .
but antiquities held no charm for amanda fergusson ; she had no [want] to examine heathen temples to augustus , or half-surviving columns supposedly erected in honour of the apostate emperor julian .

Sexual desire would be much easier if we did n't have to worry about love .
sexual [want] would be much easier if we did n't have to worry about love .

Fatigue affects desire .
fatigue affects [want] .

Also at thirty-one , he reports a brief , untypical lapse to Louise : the desire to chuck in literature .
also at thirty-one , he reports a brief , untypical lapse to louise : the [want] to chuck in literature .

Our desire to discover one is in the end all that is revealed .
our [want] to discover one is in the end all that is revealed .

This ambiguity is played out in psychological terms as the simultaneous desire and inability to conform to the demands of the master discourse .
this ambiguity is played out in psychological terms as the simultaneous [want] and inability to conform to the demands of the master discourse .

Immobility is linked to the desire for stable identity , to certain knowledge , to fixed images , and to the various clichés of the discourses of authority . But attempts to fix or stabilize knowledge by means of an array of scientific instruments fail as well , for these instruments generate new metaphors by mixing the concrete with the abstract :
immobility is linked to the [want] for stable identity , to certain knowledge , to fixed images , and to the various clichés of the discourses of authority . but attempts to fix or stabilize knowledge by means of an array of scientific instruments fail as well , for these instruments generate new metaphors by mixing the concrete with the abstract :

Have you anything to declare such as love desire ambition or a glimpse that in this air-conditioning and other circumstantial emptiness freedom has its sudden attractions as the body floats in willing suspension of responsibility to anyone . ( 28/422 )
have you anything to declare such as love [want] ambition or a glimpse that in this air-conditioning and other circumstantial emptiness freedom has its sudden attractions as the body floats in willing suspension of responsibility to anyone . ( 28/422 )

But Between portrays a successful navigation between the desire to transgress and the need for the stability provided by insularity .
but between portrays a successful navigation between the [want] to transgress and the need for the stability provided by insularity .

The characteristic stylistic tic ‘ tout se passe comme si ’ puts their discourse technically into the mode of the hypothetical or the fictional , reflecting ‘ this curious paradox , the ardent desire for a system and the basic scepticism about all systems ’ ( 614 ) .
the characteristic stylistic tic ‘ tout se passe comme si ’ puts their discourse technically into the mode of the hypothetical or the fictional , reflecting ‘ this curious paradox , the ardent [want] for a system and the basic scepticism about all systems ’ ( 614 ) .

‘ Put my mirror back ’ can be read as the cry of all men who have the narcissistic relation they enjoy with the image of their own desire threatened by a woman .
‘ put my mirror back ’ can be read as the cry of all men who have the narcissistic relation they enjoy with the image of their own [want] threatened by a woman .

In relation to both Willy and Herodotus , Mira sees herself falling into the role of Cassandra who was cursed by Apollo to have her prophecies ignored because she had refused to yield to his desire .
in relation to both willy and herodotus , mira sees herself falling into the role of cassandra who was cursed by apollo to have her prophecies ignored because she had refused to yield to his [want] .

It was an unmistakable pass but the sergeant had no desire to respond : the man was too camp for his taste .
it was an unmistakable pass but the sergeant had no [want] to respond : the man was too camp for his taste .

The sergeant suspected that Blufton 's self-confidence sometimes crept into arrogance , a desire to treat the people around him as tools for his own gratification , although he was too in control to allow this to happen in the presence of police officers .
the sergeant suspected that blufton 's self-confidence sometimes crept into arrogance , a [want] to treat the people around him as tools for his own gratification , although he was too in control to allow this to happen in the presence of police officers .

Dexter had seen it happen many times before : the moment when a human being slips from conversation into confession , the moment when what seemed like a universal desire to atone for wickedness overwhelmed the conflicting wish for self-preservation .
dexter had seen it happen many times before : the moment when a human being slips from conversation into confession , the moment when what seemed like a universal [want] to atone for wickedness overwhelmed the conflicting wish for self-preservation .

It was a typical gesture of hers , thought the sergeant , a sign of gentility , of her desire to guard her feminine standards in a male world of sloppiness .
it was a typical gesture of hers , thought the sergeant , a sign of gentility , of her [want] to guard her feminine standards in a male world of sloppiness .

To this desire which deepened out of need
to this [want] which deepened out of need

Add to this their desire to protect private property and to end the moral decline which has crippled the country and a potent brew is produced .
add to this their [want] to protect private property and to end the moral decline which has crippled the country and a potent brew is produced .

These schemes have been designed for the elderly who have built up a significant amount of equity in their homes , but who have no means ( or no desire ) to service a new loan .
these schemes have been designed for the elderly who have built up a significant amount of equity in their homes , but who have no means ( or no [want] ) to service a new loan .

As her physical and mental skills develop , though , her desire for independence will often push her beyond her physical abilities .
as her physical and mental skills develop , though , her [want] for independence will often push her beyond her physical abilities .

At around two years , there is another driving force pushing her towards independence : the desire to be like everyone else .
at around two years , there is another driving force pushing her towards independence : the [want] to be like everyone else .

As the uterus enlarges and presses on the neck of the bladder , you 'll feel an increased desire to go to the loo .
as the uterus enlarges and presses on the neck of the bladder , you 'll feel an increased [want] to go to the loo .

This principle stems from the desire to preserve the value of the company 's assets for the benefit of all creditors once it becomes insolvent .
this principle stems from the [want] to preserve the value of the company 's assets for the benefit of all creditors once it becomes insolvent .

As such it is filled with meaning , hope and desire as well as Chinese fatalism .
as such it is filled with meaning , hope and [want] as well as chinese fatalism .

But it is only in the last 30 years that Australia has secured the knowledge , technique and the desire to produce the sort of subtle , light wines which we enjoy — and at which Australia excels .
but it is only in the last 30 years that australia has secured the knowledge , technique and the [want] to produce the sort of subtle , light wines which we enjoy — and at which australia excels .

But the present government 's preference for a mixed system of welfare is based on a desire to reduce the role of the state and correspondingly increase the role of the informal , voluntary and commercial sectors .
but the present government 's preference for a mixed system of welfare is based on a [want] to reduce the role of the state and correspondingly increase the role of the informal , voluntary and commercial sectors .

In the 1980s , the Conservative government has become increasingly explicit about its desire to encourage families to take care of their members .
in the 1980s , the conservative government has become increasingly explicit about its [want] to encourage families to take care of their members .

What you do need is the desire and determination to learn , and if you have that , you are well on the way to joining more than 100,000 men and women from every walk of life who will be studying with the Open University next year .
what you do need is the [want] and determination to learn , and if you have that , you are well on the way to joining more than 100,000 men and women from every walk of life who will be studying with the open university next year .

However , his desire for power soon took precedence over any other consideration .
however , his [want] for power soon took precedence over any other consideration .

Accusations against his criminality and bestiality are related to the desire to purify our own culture and civilisation .
accusations against his criminality and bestiality are related to the [want] to purify our own culture and civilisation .

It was their deep love for the Llŷn landscape , and a desire to keep it protected for future generations , which prompted the three Keating sisters , Honora , Lorna and Eileen , and their eighty-year-old mother to buy Plas-yn-Rhiw and its fifty-eight acres in 1939 ; later they purchased over 300 acres more with the express purpose of giving the land to the trust .
it was their deep love for the llŷn landscape , and a [want] to keep it protected for future generations , which prompted the three keating sisters , honora , lorna and eileen , and their eighty-year-old mother to buy plas-yn-rhiw and its fifty-eight acres in 1939 ; later they purchased over 300 acres more with the express purpose of giving the land to the trust .

If you can bear the relentless anguish overlaid by one daughter 's inflamed desire , you will come to some understanding of this sorry subject .
if you can bear the relentless anguish overlaid by one daughter 's inflamed [want] , you will come to some understanding of this sorry subject .

’ And in his letter to John Major , Mattingly said ‘ Such an overwhelming desire to satisfy the demands of those who own large tracts of Scotland is hardly consistent with your ambition of creating a classless society in Britain .
’ and in his letter to john major , mattingly said ‘ such an overwhelming [want] to satisfy the demands of those who own large tracts of scotland is hardly consistent with your ambition of creating a classless society in britain .

Small wonder , if his own account was truth , smaller still if today he was being forced back to a scene about which he had lied ; lied to the law , lied to his superiors in the Order he had chosen of his own will and desire .
small wonder , if his own account was truth , smaller still if today he was being forced back to a scene about which he had lied ; lied to the law , lied to his superiors in the order he had chosen of his own will and [want] .

The failure of the pope to pronounce on this matter until 798 meant a dangerous delay for Coenwulf and was probably a factor in his desire for an archbishopric at London , but the papal judgement when it came gave him a free hand and made London as an archiepiscopal see dispensable .
the failure of the pope to pronounce on this matter until 798 meant a dangerous delay for coenwulf and was probably a factor in his [want] for an archbishopric at london , but the papal judgement when it came gave him a free hand and made london as an archiepiscopal see dispensable .

In contrast , women were defined in terms of the norm of asexuality and the absence of sexual desire .
in contrast , women were defined in terms of the norm of asexuality and the absence of sexual [want] .

Motherhood , marriage and domesticity were basic female instincts which Acton compared to the ‘ unnatural ’ sexual desire of the prostitute , the nymphomaniac and the courtesan .
motherhood , marriage and domesticity were basic female instincts which acton compared to the ‘ unnatural ’ sexual [want] of the prostitute , the nymphomaniac and the courtesan .

Once more the argument was physiological ; maternity and suckling made such vital demands on a woman 's organs that ‘ sexual desire is almost annihilated ’ .
once more the argument was physiological ; maternity and suckling made such vital demands on a woman 's organs that ‘ sexual [want] is almost annihilated ’ .

Pleasure and enjoyment were seen as natural , legitimate and God-given , provided they were not excessive and were linked to the desire for procreation .
pleasure and enjoyment were seen as natural , legitimate and god-given , provided they were not excessive and were linked to the [want] for procreation .

Those few women who shocked public feeling with a display of sexual desire were branded either as prostitutes , nymphomaniacs or lunatics .
those few women who shocked public feeling with a display of sexual [want] were branded either as prostitutes , nymphomaniacs or lunatics .

Turning to the private letters , diaries and pornography of aristocrats and professional men we can see how their sexual desire was structured around notions of private debauchery , lust and licentiousness .
turning to the private letters , diaries and pornography of aristocrats and professional men we can see how their sexual [want] was structured around notions of private debauchery , lust and licentiousness .

Here desire was incited and pleasure produced through transgression of the sanctioned norms of middle-class marriage and domesticity .
here [want] was incited and pleasure produced through transgression of the sanctioned norms of middle-class marriage and domesticity .

‘ Walter 's My Secret Life , the fictional narrative of a debauchee , constructed male desire as an illicit but physiologically based animal appetite , which drove men on to fresh excess .
‘ walter 's my secret life , the fictional narrative of a debauchee , constructed male [want] as an illicit but physiologically based animal appetite , which drove men on to fresh excess .

This realist definition of photography as truth and evidence was reworked in pornographic texts to consolidate the notion of male sexual desire as instantly aroused and requiring constant relief .
this realist definition of photography as truth and evidence was reworked in pornographic texts to consolidate the notion of male sexual [want] as instantly aroused and requiring constant relief .

Arthur Munby 's diaries from the 1850s through to the 1870s , point to further examples of middle-class male desire centred on the physical coarseness of working women .
arthur munby 's diaries from the 1850s through to the 1870s , point to further examples of middle-class male [want] centred on the physical coarseness of working women .

Desolate from the death of her infant daughter , with her husband immersed in his career as principal of Liverpool College , she ‘ became possessed with an irresistible desire to go forth and find some pain keener than my own :
desolate from the death of her infant daughter , with her husband immersed in his career as principal of liverpool college , she ‘ became possessed with an irresistible [want] to go forth and find some pain keener than my own :

Through the sex act , men secured women 's continuing subordination , by cutting off every avenue of escape from the gratification of their desire , and by denying female sexuality any outlet other than compulsory heterosexuality .
through the sex act , men secured women 's continuing subordination , by cutting off every avenue of escape from the gratification of their [want] , and by denying female sexuality any outlet other than compulsory heterosexuality .

Stella Browne , the Canadian socialist feminist , argued that female desire was a powerful natural force and that women had a valid right to sexual enjoyment .
stella browne , the canadian socialist feminist , argued that female [want] was a powerful natural force and that women had a valid right to sexual enjoyment .

While purity was silent on questions of pleasure and desire , libertarianism sat uneasily with feminist demands and priorities .
while purity was silent on questions of pleasure and [want] , libertarianism sat uneasily with feminist demands and priorities .

Yet we can not see this relative lack of effect as indicating that there is no desire for change .
yet we can not see this relative lack of effect as indicating that there is no [want] for change .

The desire for integration , referred to above , has produced a widespread model which is very difficult to assess from outside .
the [want] for integration , referred to above , has produced a widespread model which is very difficult to assess from outside .

The desire to return to past simplicities was marked , given the successive disappointments after the war , with slumps and uncertainty .
the [want] to return to past simplicities was marked , given the successive disappointments after the war , with slumps and uncertainty .

because their programmes can be planned , and because in fact we can check them if we desire to ( Bevan , cited in Donnison and Ungerson , 1982 , p. 142 ) The design , layout , methods and materials were tightly controlled in a flow of instruction and exhortation to local authorities .
because their programmes can be planned , and because in fact we can check them if we [want] to ( bevan , cited in donnison and ungerson , 1982 , p. 142 ) the design , layout , methods and materials were tightly controlled in a flow of instruction and exhortation to local authorities .

‘ Being the object of many men 's desire , ’ she was saying authoritatively , ‘ makes one feel like a bus .
‘ being the object of many men 's [want] , ’ she was saying authoritatively , ‘ makes one feel like a bus .

The ‘ Darwinian revolution ’ is seen as a watershed dividing the era of description and classification from the modern desire to explain everything as the product of natural processes .
the ‘ darwinian revolution ’ is seen as a watershed dividing the era of description and classification from the modern [want] to explain everything as the product of natural processes .

The desire to study and control Nature was an integral part of the ideology of the newly industrialized nations of Europe and the United States .
the [want] to study and control nature was an integral part of the ideology of the newly industrialized nations of europe and the united states .

The urge to number and name things was an integral part of the Victorians ' desire to dominate Nature .
the urge to number and name things was an integral part of the victorians ' [want] to dominate nature .

Like our own time , the late nineteenth century saw a constant tension between the desire to exploit and the desire to conserve , and we should beware of identifying either of these attitudes with any particular development in the scientific study of life and its environment .
like our own time , the late nineteenth century saw a constant tension between the [want] to exploit and the [want] to conserve , and we should beware of identifying either of these attitudes with any particular development in the scientific study of life and its environment .

The tension between the desire to offer absolute protection , and the desire to preserve stocks for continued exploitation , was apparent in many countries throughout the late nineteenth century .
the tension between the [want] to offer absolute protection , and the [want] to preserve stocks for continued exploitation , was apparent in many countries throughout the late nineteenth century .

His desire had passed the point where he could lie there and forget it .
his [want] had passed the point where he could lie there and forget it .

He looked down , feeling a vague desire for her , but he had doused his earlier fierceness .
he looked down , feeling a vague [want] for her , but he had doused his earlier fierceness .

And the knowledge drained her of desire for an end to their ordeal .
and the knowledge drained her of [want] for an end to their ordeal .

She felt no desire to avenge her brother 's murder .
she felt no [want] to avenge her brother 's murder .

How easy to talk to he 'd been , generous in his desire to tell her what she wanted to know .
how easy to talk to he 'd been , generous in his [want] to tell her what she wanted to know .

She would kill him later , but for the present , she was thinking of Sycorax , who had instructed her in love , and wondering if it would please her that here she was , filling a man with desire just as Sycorax had always said she should .
she would kill him later , but for the present , she was thinking of sycorax , who had instructed her in love , and wondering if it would please her that here she was , filling a man with [want] just as sycorax had always said she should .

( His desire to become gravid was so fierce that no menstruating woman was safe from him — he might strike even by day , if he caught the iron whiff of their menses . )
( his [want] to become gravid was so fierce that no menstruating woman was safe from him — he might strike even by day , if he caught the iron whiff of their menses . )

So she had no idea , when her antics were effective , how she was using herself up in her efforts to ward off her disappearance from the world , in her girlish desire to please .
so she had no idea , when her antics were effective , how she was using herself up in her efforts to ward off her disappearance from the world , in her girlish [want] to please .

Yet Xanthe 's tidy existence felt mussed in Miranda 's company ; she experienced a sudden , vivid awareness of prohibitions hedging her about , and with the awareness , a desire to break them .
yet xanthe 's tidy existence felt mussed in miranda 's company ; she experienced a sudden , vivid awareness of prohibitions hedging her about , and with the awareness , a [want] to break them .

The desire to establish that one was the first to arrive with the finding , and the priority disputes which are part of the scientific game , are testimony to the point .
the [want] to establish that one was the first to arrive with the finding , and the priority disputes which are part of the scientific game , are testimony to the point .

Whether it is the academics ' interests in the livings that come in the wake of a research career ; or industry 's wish to produce new drugs or insecticides ; or the state 's desire to develop new military armaments or better traffic flows or even to reduce truancy in schools ; these are motivations quite unconnected with the education of students in higher education .
whether it is the academics ' interests in the livings that come in the wake of a research career ; or industry 's wish to produce new drugs or insecticides ; or the state 's [want] to develop new military armaments or better traffic flows or even to reduce truancy in schools ; these are motivations quite unconnected with the education of students in higher education .

That is understandable , given the desire of those agencies to ascertain that the 3 years or more spent in higher education lead to some definite outcome .
that is understandable , given the [want] of those agencies to ascertain that the 3 years or more spent in higher education lead to some definite outcome .

That being so , are these institutions in a position , even if they so desire , to guarantee the student freedoms argued for here ?
that being so , are these institutions in a position , even if they so [want] , to guarantee the student freedoms argued for here ?

Underlying the whole market is , of course , the desire to reduce the amount of manual intervention required for the production of printed or published material .
underlying the whole market is , of course , the [want] to reduce the amount of manual intervention required for the production of printed or published material .

Workers ' desire for group membership , and their supposedly effectual motives , were contrasted with management 's rational criteria based on technical efficiency .
workers ' [want] for group membership , and their supposedly effectual motives , were contrasted with management 's rational criteria based on technical efficiency .

Popular strategies for occupations which desire to do this include :
popular strategies for occupations which [want] to do this include :

Employees must also be rewarded for their commitment to the firm , but not in such a way that the desire for rewards affects what they think and do eg .
employees must also be rewarded for their commitment to the firm , but not in such a way that the [want] for rewards affects what they think and do eg .

Differences in regional characteristics , markets , customers or products , differences in the technology used in various aspects of the organisation 's work , the greater readiness of individuals to identify with smaller work groups than with an entire organisation , and the desire of subordinates to have more authority are all factors which tend towards decentralisation and diversification in different parts of an organisation .
differences in regional characteristics , markets , customers or products , differences in the technology used in various aspects of the organisation 's work , the greater readiness of individuals to identify with smaller work groups than with an entire organisation , and the [want] of subordinates to have more authority are all factors which tend towards decentralisation and diversification in different parts of an organisation .

And , of course , the desire to improve performance is the underlying reason for studying the management process in organisations .
and , of course , the [want] to improve performance is the underlying reason for studying the management process in organisations .

For years , an important desire of many working people has been to take annual holidays in the sun .
for years , an important [want] of many working people has been to take annual holidays in the sun .

He understood very well Keyes 's desire to investigate through poetry the subjects of pain and death , and his feeling of being in far closer communion with William Blake , William Wordsworth [ qq.v . ]
he understood very well keyes 's [want] to investigate through poetry the subjects of pain and death , and his feeling of being in far closer communion with william blake , william wordsworth [ qq.v . ]

Although concerned like his father to offer relief to Catholics , he was primarily motivated by the desire for profit that characterized most colonial promoters .
although concerned like his father to offer relief to catholics , he was primarily motivated by the [want] for profit that characterized most colonial promoters .

The death in 1823 of his father and in 1824 of his brother Charles ( who bequeathed his estate to Hollingworth ) must have prompted a desire to return to England .
the death in 1823 of his father and in 1824 of his brother charles ( who bequeathed his estate to hollingworth ) must have prompted a [want] to return to england .

The Desire and Pursuit of the Whole , published posthumously in 1934 , mirrored these bitter and penurious years .
the [want] and pursuit of the whole , published posthumously in 1934 , mirrored these bitter and penurious years .

It was in the former role that , with the governor and two other directors , he attended the queen on 15 June 1710 to desire on the bank 's behalf that she make no further ministerial changes following the replacement of Charles Spencer , third Earl of Sunderland , by William Legge , first Earl of Dartmouth [ qq.v . ]
it was in the former role that , with the governor and two other directors , he attended the queen on 15 june 1710 to [want] on the bank 's behalf that she make no further ministerial changes following the replacement of charles spencer , third earl of sunderland , by william legge , first earl of dartmouth [ qq.v . ]

In the summer of 1888 he took his family on holiday to Bournemouth and there died of a heart attack , 30 August 1888 , frustrating his desire to retire to Kirchhosbach when his children 's education was complete .
in the summer of 1888 he took his family on holiday to bournemouth and there died of a heart attack , 30 august 1888 , frustrating his [want] to retire to kirchhosbach when his children 's education was complete .

a desire to involve the working class in the control of their own education and a concern to link that education to a process of social and community action .
a [want] to involve the working class in the control of their own education and a concern to link that education to a process of social and community action .

She was seized with a desire to feel his hand on her breast again , as she had felt it for a fleeting second months ago .
she was seized with a [want] to feel his hand on her breast again , as she had felt it for a fleeting second months ago .

But did he desire the well-groomed young woman in high-heels and with figure held firmly in place by a good foundation garment , as much as the callow , untidy girl , so soft to touch and hold , he had first known ?
but did he [want] the well-groomed young woman in high-heels and with figure held firmly in place by a good foundation garment , as much as the callow , untidy girl , so soft to touch and hold , he had first known ?

She was torn between a desire to hurt him , by releasing the hate and resentment which had been steadily accumulating inside her ever since he had casually annexed her mind and body , and a craven reluctance to precipitate their separation .
she was torn between a [want] to hurt him , by releasing the hate and resentment which had been steadily accumulating inside her ever since he had casually annexed her mind and body , and a craven reluctance to precipitate their separation .

Not so guiltless , however , that he did not plunge into the warm , lively auditorium with a fervent desire to avoid introspection for a while .
not so guiltless , however , that he did not plunge into the warm , lively auditorium with a fervent [want] to avoid introspection for a while .

And he had confided in Patricia with the subconscious desire of winning from her sympathy and condolence .
and he had confided in patricia with the subconscious [want] of winning from her sympathy and condolence .

In the situations where the actor does not desire the result , but merely sees it as a foreseeable outcome of his conduct , the House of Lords has said that there is merely evidence from which the tribunal of fact can infer that he intends .
in the situations where the actor does not [want] the result , but merely sees it as a foreseeable outcome of his conduct , the house of lords has said that there is merely evidence from which the tribunal of fact can infer that he intends .

It is also likely that in some cases syntax is influenced by the controlled access of particular lexical items — the desire to convey certain items of information earlier , rather than later , in an utterance .
it is also likely that in some cases syntax is influenced by the controlled access of particular lexical items — the [want] to convey certain items of information earlier , rather than later , in an utterance .

Contemporary attempts by the military in liberal democracies to see itself as professionalized , like similar movements among police forces , may be explained by the military 's desire , on the one hand , to avoid attacks on its competence or political attitudes and , on the other , to provide a basis from which to claim superiority for its expert views on policy matters from weapons procurement to military strategy .
contemporary attempts by the military in liberal democracies to see itself as professionalized , like similar movements among police forces , may be explained by the military 's [want] , on the one hand , to avoid attacks on its competence or political attitudes and , on the other , to provide a basis from which to claim superiority for its expert views on policy matters from weapons procurement to military strategy .

Melissa felt a wild desire to laugh at the thought of herself , a sane Englishwoman in her forties , playing a sort of eighteenth-century game of cops and robbers with a simple-minded Frenchman suffering from delusions .
melissa felt a wild [want] to laugh at the thought of herself , a sane englishwoman in her forties , playing a sort of eighteenth-century game of cops and robbers with a simple-minded frenchman suffering from delusions .

Yet Fernand had spoken openly of the war and of his brother 's death without showing a trace of rancour or a desire for revenge .
yet fernand had spoken openly of the war and of his brother 's death without showing a trace of rancour or a [want] for revenge .

Brezhnev 's scheme for the Persian Gulf may have been intended to reassure India of the Soviet desire for peace in India 's vicinity .
brezhnev 's scheme for the persian gulf may have been intended to reassure india of the soviet [want] for peace in india 's vicinity .

‘ But these days , art collecting seems to have moved right away from any idea of personal passion or desire for beauty .
‘ but these days , art collecting seems to have moved right away from any idea of personal passion or [want] for beauty .

‘ It 's not a hugely ambitious desire , is it ?
‘ it 's not a hugely ambitious [want] , is it ?

a strong desire to achieve ;
a strong [want] to achieve ;

It may well be that , throughout our careers we are motivated by the desire to satisfy different needs .
it may well be that , throughout our careers we are motivated by the [want] to satisfy different needs .

If we are at the bottom of the organisation we may be motivated by the desire to satisfy physiological needs .
if we are at the bottom of the organisation we may be motivated by the [want] to satisfy physiological needs .

At the top of the organisation we may be motivated by the desire to satisfy self-actualisation needs .
at the top of the organisation we may be motivated by the [want] to satisfy self-actualisation needs .

Giving an employee more money may not motivate him/her if that individual needs to satisfy the desire for respect and the esteem of colleagues .
giving an employee more money may not motivate him/her if that individual needs to satisfy the [want] for respect and the esteem of colleagues .

Public Choice theorists explicitly examine the motivation of bureaucrats and suggest that , in crude terms , the most important motivator is the desire to increase one 's share of the budget which leads to increased status .
public choice theorists explicitly examine the motivation of bureaucrats and suggest that , in crude terms , the most important motivator is the [want] to increase one 's share of the budget which leads to increased status .

These types of individuals are the ones who are said to stab you in the back in order to achieve their ends ; and ( b ) the conservers — motivated by the desire to retain the status quo .
these types of individuals are the ones who are said to stab you in the back in order to achieve their ends ; and ( b ) the conservers — motivated by the [want] to retain the status quo .

Thus individuals desire certain goals and they put a value on these goals .
thus individuals [want] certain goals and they put a value on these goals .

We desire to be treated equitably ( Adams , 1965 ) .
we [want] to be treated equitably ( adams , 1965 ) .

This desire to be different is part of the psychological formation of some composers , and motivates their desire to create .
this [want] to be different is part of the psychological formation of some composers , and motivates their [want] to create .

Similarly the overall scheme does set constraints against which some local initiatives ( a desire to incorporate more fieldwork into the regular term , for example ) battle in vain .
similarly the overall scheme does set constraints against which some local initiatives ( a [want] to incorporate more fieldwork into the regular term , for example ) battle in vain .

Stations reflected most powerfully , however , the desire of their male designers and operators to protect women .
stations reflected most powerfully , however , the [want] of their male designers and operators to protect women .

If clients are able to pay the bill they can get advice from a solicitor as often as they desire and on whatever topic they choose .
if clients are able to pay the bill they can get advice from a solicitor as often as they [want] and on whatever topic they choose .

Further , there is a natural desire to ensure that the case is a High Court action , since the recoverable costs will be greater .
further , there is a natural [want] to ensure that the case is a high court action , since the recoverable costs will be greater .

Consequently , the Civil Justice Review recommended that there should be a single costs regime for High Court and County Court actions , except for county court actions below £3,000 , since in such smaller cases fixed costs should be attractive and there would be less desire to seek to take such actions in the High Court .
consequently , the civil justice review recommended that there should be a single costs regime for high court and county court actions , except for county court actions below £3,000 , since in such smaller cases fixed costs should be attractive and there would be less [want] to seek to take such actions in the high court .

The desire not to reveal too much information to the other side is , however , a major reason for delay in the civil justice system , as well as causing expense .
the [want] not to reveal too much information to the other side is , however , a major reason for delay in the civil justice system , as well as causing expense .

Desire kindled in Riven like a coal , and he remembered times when he had held that body 's twin in his arms and searched out all its secrets .
[want] kindled in riven like a coal , and he remembered times when he had held that body 's twin in his arms and searched out all its secrets .

Ben … is a brilliant merchant banker , whose childhood in occupied Europe has scarred him with the legacy of an ‘ existential tardiness ’ ; he recoils from everything in life that demands a heady recklessness , and is doomed to live ‘ without hope in desire ’ .
ben … is a brilliant merchant banker , whose childhood in occupied europe has scarred him with the legacy of an ‘ existential tardiness ’ ; he recoils from everything in life that demands a heady recklessness , and is doomed to live ‘ without hope in [want] ’ .

The desire for pleasure , which is in every living thing , had finally won over Tess .
the [want] for pleasure , which is in every living thing , had finally won over tess .

From now on , her one desire , to call him husband , and then if necessary to die , carried her on .
from now on , her one [want] , to call him husband , and then if necessary to die , carried her on .

The ‘ figural ’ in contradistinction : ( 1 ) is a visual rather than a literary sensibility ; ( 2 ) devalues formalisms and juxtaposes signifiers taken from the banalities of everyday life ; ( 3 ) contests rationalist and/or ‘ didactic ’ views of culture ; ( 4 ) asks not what a cultural text ‘ means ’ , but what it ‘ does ’ ; ( 5 ) in Freudian terms , advocates the extension of the primary process into the cultural realm ; ( 6 ) operates through the spectator 's immersion , the relatively unmediated investment of his/her desire in the cultural object .
the ‘ figural ’ in contradistinction : ( 1 ) is a visual rather than a literary sensibility ; ( 2 ) devalues formalisms and juxtaposes signifiers taken from the banalities of everyday life ; ( 3 ) contests rationalist and/or ‘ didactic ’ views of culture ; ( 4 ) asks not what a cultural text ‘ means ’ , but what it ‘ does ’ ; ( 5 ) in freudian terms , advocates the extension of the primary process into the cultural realm ; ( 6 ) operates through the spectator 's immersion , the relatively unmediated investment of his/her [want] in the cultural object .

In the primary process , by contrast , energy is discharged ( and desire is fulfilled ) through cathexis ; through investment in ‘ perceptual memories ’ .
in the primary process , by contrast , energy is discharged ( and [want] is fulfilled ) through cathexis ; through investment in ‘ perceptual memories ’ .

He observes that fantasies operate like the primary process in that they ‘ fulfil desire ’ without the transformation of external reality but instead through the cathexis of , for example , the perceptual memory ( image ) of an organ .
he observes that fantasies operate like the primary process in that they ‘ fulfil [want] ’ without the transformation of external reality but instead through the cathexis of , for example , the perceptual memory ( image ) of an organ .

Lyotard has thus asserted the existence of two alternative economies of desire .
lyotard has thus asserted the existence of two alternative economies of [want] .

For example Lyotard considers Freud 's ‘ talking cure ’ itself to promote a discursive economy of desire through the colonization of the unconscious by discourse ; through the subversion of the primary process by language and the transference ( Lyotard 1984 , p. 106 ) .
for example lyotard considers freud 's ‘ talking cure ’ itself to promote a discursive economy of [want] through the colonization of the unconscious by discourse ; through the subversion of the primary process by language and the transference ( lyotard 1984 , p. 106 ) .

What he prefers of course is a figural economy of desire ; he wants a sensibility , a culture and a politics in which the primary process ‘ erupts ’ into the secondary process like ‘ the application of a force to text ’ ( Dews 1984 , p. 47 ) .
what he prefers of course is a figural economy of [want] ; he wants a sensibility , a culture and a politics in which the primary process ‘ erupts ’ into the secondary process like ‘ the application of a force to text ’ ( dews 1984 , p. 47 ) .

And second his promotion of the colonization of the secondary process by primary process in art and in psychoanalysis is also a rejection of the psyche rigidly hierarchized into levels for one in which desire is no longer an underlying ‘ essence ’ .
and second his promotion of the colonization of the secondary process by primary process in art and in psychoanalysis is also a rejection of the psyche rigidly hierarchized into levels for one in which [want] is no longer an underlying ‘ essence ’ .

Instead desire is present on the very surface of social and cultural practices .
instead [want] is present on the very surface of social and cultural practices .

Cinema , further , more than any other cultural product , has been structured around sexuality , or rather around the objectification of male desire in screen images of women — that is , film narratives themselves have been structured by such a patriarchal economy of desire .
cinema , further , more than any other cultural product , has been structured around sexuality , or rather around the objectification of male [want] in screen images of women — that is , film narratives themselves have been structured by such a patriarchal economy of [want] .

Moreover , ‘ images articulate meaning and desire ’ in a way that words or ‘ utterances ’ do not .
moreover , ‘ images articulate meaning and [want] ’ in a way that words or ‘ utterances ’ do not .

There are several techniques that Godard uses to produce distancing and consequently the disinvestment of desire in images .
there are several techniques that godard uses to produce distancing and consequently the disinvestment of [want] in images .

By posing a challenge to the spectator 's libidinal investment in the image , he returns the question of desire to the eye of the spectator him- or herself .
by posing a challenge to the spectator 's libidinal investment in the image , he returns the question of [want] to the eye of the spectator him- or herself .

Despite the sharply effective critique of patriarchal and capitalist economic of desire , Godardian modernist ‘ counter-cinema ’ does have certain limits ( Wollen 1982 ) .
despite the sharply effective critique of patriarchal and capitalist economic of [want] , godardian modernist ‘ counter-cinema ’ does have certain limits ( wollen 1982 ) .

Surely this contemporary trend towards a figural cinema of spectacle in today 's avant-garde often results in a repetition for the highly educated middle classes of patriarchal and capitalist economies of desire .
surely this contemporary trend towards a figural cinema of spectacle in today 's avant-garde often results in a repetition for the highly educated middle classes of patriarchal and capitalist economies of [want] .

Yet , De Lauretis argues , this new figural cinema at least poses the question of ‘ how to reconstruct and organize vision from the impossible place of female desire ’ .
yet , de lauretis argues , this new figural cinema at least poses the question of ‘ how to reconstruct and organize vision from the impossible place of female [want] ’ .

69 , 87 ) calls for the production of films structured by an alternative economy of desire , for a ‘ microanalytics ’ of cinema with ‘ effects of resistance and counterinvestment ’ .
69 , 87 ) calls for the production of films structured by an alternative economy of [want] , for a ‘ microanalytics ’ of cinema with ‘ effects of resistance and counterinvestment ’ .

Would the bombing succeed as a deterrent , discouraging popular support for terrorism , or would it provoke a desire for revenge ?
would the bombing succeed as a deterrent , discouraging popular support for terrorism , or would it provoke a [want] for revenge ?

Now a group of major , highly competitive retailers seek to persuade the world in general that their opposition to Sunday trading stems from a desire to preserve the small shops sector .
now a group of major , highly competitive retailers seek to persuade the world in general that their opposition to sunday trading stems from a [want] to preserve the small shops sector .

Do you desire to bring laughter to my breakfast table ?
do you [want] to bring laughter to my breakfast table ?

It was the same feeling as that experienced when standing at the edge of an enormous drop and the desire to jump seems overpowering .
it was the same feeling as that experienced when standing at the edge of an enormous drop and the [want] to jump seems overpowering .

However , the need to confront this new-found object of desire overcame his trepidation .
however , the need to confront this new-found object of [want] overcame his trepidation .

Lucien was convinced his feelings were based on more than physical desire .
lucien was convinced his feelings were based on more than physical [want] .

She felt a renewed desire to seek out the prophet Resenence Jeopardy .
she felt a renewed [want] to seek out the prophet resenence jeopardy .

They submitted ‘ even when they had no desire for sex or were repulsed by the idea .
they submitted ‘ even when they had no [want] for sex or were repulsed by the idea .

One reason for this may be a desire to protect from criminal liability men whose conduct is not universally regarded as criminal .
one reason for this may be a [want] to protect from criminal liability men whose conduct is not universally regarded as criminal .

If it were assumed , however , that a particular complainant did have an unconscious desire to be raped , could this be relevant to the defendant 's liability ?
if it were assumed , however , that a particular complainant did have an unconscious [want] to be raped , could this be relevant to the defendant 's liability ?

To his straw-coloured hair and blue eyes he added an obvious desire to please , at least to be agreeable , attributes which were rare amongst the Glynns .
to his straw-coloured hair and blue eyes he added an obvious [want] to please , at least to be agreeable , attributes which were rare amongst the glynns .

And as long as Charlie had no particular desire to lie flat and be fed through a tube , it was in his interests to see that these were watertight .
and as long as charlie had no particular [want] to lie flat and be fed through a tube , it was in his interests to see that these were watertight .

’ Paul knew that his plans were in God 's hands , and that certainty comes across very clearly in the way that he sets out his desire to go forward for Jesus .
’ paul knew that his plans were in god 's hands , and that certainty comes across very clearly in the way that he sets out his [want] to go forward for jesus .

We ask Lord , that You will restrain the leaders , President Milosevic , President Tudjman and President Izetbegovic in their desire for power .
we ask lord , that you will restrain the leaders , president milosevic , president tudjman and president izetbegovic in their [want] for power .

At the start of a New Year , many national and political leaders have expressed their desire for peace throughout the world in 1993 .
at the start of a new year , many national and political leaders have expressed their [want] for peace throughout the world in 1993 .

Added George , ‘ There is a strong desire to improve service quality and surveys are a very important part of this process ’ .
added george , ‘ there is a strong [want] to improve service quality and surveys are a very important part of this process ’ .

Members from both sections have expressed a desire to hold a disco in the Village Hall .
members from both sections have expressed a [want] to hold a disco in the village hall .

When we said we could not recall the SoS intervening to revise county estimates of population growth downwards ( although he had just intervened to revise Gwynedd 's upwards ) we were told that of course Mr Hunt shares the counties ' desire for growth and expansion .
when we said we could not recall the sos intervening to revise county estimates of population growth downwards ( although he had just intervened to revise gwynedd 's upwards ) we were told that of course mr hunt shares the counties ' [want] for growth and expansion .

An example of how expansion of opencast coaling can thwart the deep-rooted desire of coalfield communities to grasp the opportunities being created through the Valleys Initiative to develop a diverse and high quality economy can be seen in the Amman and Gwendraeth valleys .
an example of how expansion of opencast coaling can thwart the deep-rooted [want] of coalfield communities to grasp the opportunities being created through the valleys initiative to develop a diverse and high quality economy can be seen in the amman and gwendraeth valleys .

We welcome the Government 's increasing desire to gain a better quantitative understanding of the many environmental impacts of minerals activity through its research programme .
we welcome the government 's increasing [want] to gain a better quantitative understanding of the many environmental impacts of minerals activity through its research programme .

We are grateful for the opportunity to comment upon these proposals and warmly welcome the Government 's clear desire to tackle the severe environmental problems associated with old minerals planning permissions granted in between 1947 and 1982 .
we are grateful for the opportunity to comment upon these proposals and warmly welcome the government 's clear [want] to tackle the severe environmental problems associated with old minerals planning permissions granted in between 1947 and 1982 .

Alongside our desire to see new legislation , we believe that it is essential that positive action is taken immediately to tackle all existing minerals permissions .
alongside our [want] to see new legislation , we believe that it is essential that positive action is taken immediately to tackle all existing minerals permissions .

We welcome the Government 's increasing desire to gain a better quantitative understanding of the many environmental impacts of minerals activity through its research programme .
we welcome the government 's increasing [want] to gain a better quantitative understanding of the many environmental impacts of minerals activity through its research programme .

The end of the selfish eighties saw a groundswell of popular desire to flee the sharp competitiveness and tension of the cities to the imagined tranquillity and neighbourliness of the countryside .
the end of the selfish eighties saw a groundswell of popular [want] to flee the sharp competitiveness and tension of the cities to the imagined tranquillity and neighbourliness of the countryside .

He has a brave letter in yesterday 's ‘ Rhodesia Herald ’ , urging Smith to rethink : ‘ Now , while Zambia and Mozambique under their respective leaders desire an amicable settlement of our black/white dispute , the Government would be well advised to drop hard attitudes on such points as the venue , and meet with the full nationalist team in a bid to reach agreement .
he has a brave letter in yesterday 's ‘ rhodesia herald ’ , urging smith to rethink : ‘ now , while zambia and mozambique under their respective leaders [want] an amicable settlement of our black/white dispute , the government would be well advised to drop hard attitudes on such points as the venue , and meet with the full nationalist team in a bid to reach agreement .

His passionate desire to serve his people was being held back , he felt , by the cautious machinery of old-fashioned church ways .
his passionate [want] to serve his people was being held back , he felt , by the cautious machinery of old-fashioned church ways .

You had a great desire to do something .
you had a great [want] to do something .

Her career has been affected by their desire , as a family , to stay in Cornwall .
her career has been affected by their [want] , as a family , to stay in cornwall .

The early post-war years saw a rapid rise in prosperity and with it a desire to own motor cars .
the early post-war years saw a rapid rise in prosperity and with it a [want] to own motor cars .

However , the courts have frequently recognised that businessmen do not share the lawyer 's desire for certainty , and that insistence that all terms be precisely agreed would prevent many business agreements being regarded as contracts at all .
however , the courts have frequently recognised that businessmen do not share the lawyer 's [want] for certainty , and that insistence that all terms be precisely agreed would prevent many business agreements being regarded as contracts at all .

In the first scene , where he has only marginally greater status than McKendrick ( his university is more prestigious ) , but where McKendrick is a stranger to him , he does not risk threatening McKendrick 's negative face ( the term used by Brown and Levinson ( 1978 ) for the individual 's desire not to have one 's freedom impinged upon by others ) by encroaching on his conversational space through interrupting .
in the first scene , where he has only marginally greater status than mckendrick ( his university is more prestigious ) , but where mckendrick is a stranger to him , he does not risk threatening mckendrick 's negative face ( the term used by brown and levinson ( 1978 ) for the individual 's [want] not to have one 's freedom impinged upon by others ) by encroaching on his conversational space through interrupting .

The range of academic perspectives covered is broad enough to satisfy the literary specialist 's desire that literature should relate to the world , yet the comparatively rigorous analytical approach to literary studies is very appealing to those who , like myself , have interests which are primarily linguistic and communicative rather than literary .
the range of academic perspectives covered is broad enough to satisfy the literary specialist 's [want] that literature should relate to the world , yet the comparatively rigorous analytical approach to literary studies is very appealing to those who , like myself , have interests which are primarily linguistic and communicative rather than literary .

Politically , it was the product of a desire for Western European unity , and its ideals were shaped by the need to have some legal bulwark against a resurgence of fascism , and by a wish to articulate those civil rights which seemed threatened by communist regimes in Eastern Europe .
politically , it was the product of a [want] for western european unity , and its ideals were shaped by the need to have some legal bulwark against a resurgence of fascism , and by a wish to articulate those civil rights which seemed threatened by communist regimes in eastern europe .

Its two most recent decisions on the Government 's power to restrain publications by former Crown servants — Spycatcher and the Cavendish Memoirs — were marked by references to the Convention and by an obvious desire manifested by most of the judges to ensure that both the law they were declaring and the decision they were taking in accordance with it would be seen to comply with Article 10 .
its two most recent decisions on the government 's power to restrain publications by former crown servants — spycatcher and the cavendish memoirs — were marked by references to the convention and by an obvious [want] manifested by most of the judges to ensure that both the law they were declaring and the decision they were taking in accordance with it would be seen to comply with article 10 .

An honest belief will always defeat an allegation of malice , unless the plaintiff can prove that the honestly mistaken defendant was activated mainly by a desire to injure the plaintiff or to obtain an improper personal advantage .
an honest belief will always defeat an allegation of malice , unless the plaintiff can prove that the honestly mistaken defendant was activated mainly by a [want] to injure the plaintiff or to obtain an improper personal advantage .

An overwhelming desire to injure the plaintiff rather than to inform the public would have to be proved .
an overwhelming [want] to injure the plaintiff rather than to inform the public would have to be proved .

Inexplicably her body seemed to have a desire of its own — to go on being touched by him .
inexplicably her body seemed to have a [want] of its own — to go on being touched by him .

Sweeping waves of desire were pitching Sarella headlong to the point where she knew she was leaving common sense behind .
sweeping waves of [want] were pitching sarella headlong to the point where she knew she was leaving common sense behind .

Despite his apparent desire , matching the sudden irrational flaring of her own treacherous libido , he still suspected her of having designs on the family fortune , and she would n't be at all surprised to discover that his attempt to kiss her just now had been a sort of test .
despite his apparent [want] , matching the sudden irrational flaring of her own treacherous libido , he still suspected her of having designs on the family fortune , and she would n't be at all surprised to discover that his attempt to kiss her just now had been a sort of test .

She was trembling now , partly with rage , yet partly also with the wild mix of hate and desire his touch seemed to arouse , but she forced her trembling lips to function , demanding , ‘ Age ? What 's age got to do with it ? ’
she was trembling now , partly with rage , yet partly also with the wild mix of hate and [want] his touch seemed to arouse , but she forced her trembling lips to function , demanding , ‘ age ? what 's age got to do with it ? ’

Rage , in the aftermath of desire , was beating through her skull , but he was already moving away .
rage , in the aftermath of [want] , was beating through her skull , but he was already moving away .

‘ Yes , ’ she breathed , her desire to keep him at arm 's length dwindling to nothing .
‘ yes , ’ she breathed , her [want] to keep him at arm 's length dwindling to nothing .

It was a burning , raking scrutiny , designed to make her aware of his pulsing desire to slake his sexual hunger with her that only needed her nod to unleash itself .
it was a burning , raking scrutiny , designed to make her aware of his pulsing [want] to slake his sexual hunger with her that only needed her nod to unleash itself .

Even so , she could feel the heat of his desire drawing her back to him , sapping her will to resist .
even so , she could feel the heat of his [want] drawing her back to him , sapping her will to resist .

She felt that the slightest movement would snap his will , precipitating an explosion out of the swell of desire that was sweeping them both to the edge of a world they were too prudent to enter willingly .
she felt that the slightest movement would snap his will , precipitating an explosion out of the swell of [want] that was sweeping them both to the edge of a world they were too prudent to enter willingly .

Please save me from wrong … Even as she prayed for deliverance , her body shook with the desire to be one with him .
please save me from wrong … even as she prayed for deliverance , her body shook with the [want] to be one with him .

He swivelled and in one swift movement gripped her jaw between his fingers and lifted her mouth to his , raking his pirating lips over it again and again , a groan of deep desire wrenched from the depths of his being .
he swivelled and in one swift movement gripped her jaw between his fingers and lifted her mouth to his , raking his pirating lips over it again and again , a groan of deep [want] wrenched from the depths of his being .

Sarella recalled the smouldering look of desire in his eyes as he 'd kissed her .
sarella recalled the smouldering look of [want] in his eyes as he 'd kissed her .

She tried to smile , faint with the desire to stop the pretence .
she tried to smile , faint with the [want] to stop the pretence .

The content of what he said might have chilled her if she had harboured any desire to stay longer — which , she told herself fiercely , she most definitely did not .
the content of what he said might have chilled her if she had harboured any [want] to stay longer — which , she told herself fiercely , she most definitely did not .

Shock waves of desire flashed through her form before she could stop them .
shock waves of [want] flashed through her form before she could stop them .

But she was already locked within the power of his desire , within the focus of that concentrated attention that had held her in thrall before .
but she was already locked within the power of his [want] , within the focus of that concentrated attention that had held her in thrall before .

Somehow his other hand had slipped inside the back of her waistband and begun to mould her buttocks in firm strokes that matched her pelvis against his own , energising her desire with the heat of his own ardent body .
somehow his other hand had slipped inside the back of her waistband and begun to mould her buttocks in firm strokes that matched her pelvis against his own , energising her [want] with the heat of his own ardent body .

Now he was in earnest about making her his possession , his unpent desire overriding any token resistance she might have made .
now he was in earnest about making her his possession , his unpent [want] overriding any token resistance she might have made .

He knelt over her for a moment , tough and handsome in the candlelight , his eyes triumphant with the knowledge of desire on the verge of fulfilment , possessing her as only he could , then he was bending , lifting her into his arms , carrying her across the room , and she felt the sudden chill as the door opened and , wedging it awkwardly with his foot , he bundled her through it .
he knelt over her for a moment , tough and handsome in the candlelight , his eyes triumphant with the knowledge of [want] on the verge of fulfilment , possessing her as only he could , then he was bending , lifting her into his arms , carrying her across the room , and she felt the sudden chill as the door opened and , wedging it awkwardly with his foot , he bundled her through it .

Her hair had been pinned up , and he brought it tumbling down around her face as he raked his fingers through it , then he gripped it in a bunch at the back of her head so that he could more easily drag his mouth over her upturned lips in a kiss that sent spasms of unwanted desire shooting to the depths of her being .
her hair had been pinned up , and he brought it tumbling down around her face as he raked his fingers through it , then he gripped it in a bunch at the back of her head so that he could more easily drag his mouth over her upturned lips in a kiss that sent spasms of unwanted [want] shooting to the depths of her being .

He moved his pelvis strongly against her own until she squirmed in his arms , then somehow they were across the room and he was forcing her down among the silk cushions of the four-poster , fingers already lifting the thin wool sweater beneath her unbuttoned jacket , seeking the pulsing softness of her breasts with the mark of desire across his face .
he moved his pelvis strongly against her own until she squirmed in his arms , then somehow they were across the room and he was forcing her down among the silk cushions of the four-poster , fingers already lifting the thin wool sweater beneath her unbuttoned jacket , seeking the pulsing softness of her breasts with the mark of [want] across his face .

Her eyes were blurred with a mixture of confusion and desire .
her eyes were blurred with a mixture of confusion and [want] .

There was a moment , as she felt the release from the flimsy protection of her undergarments , when it seemed as if something yet might stop him in the tidal wave of passion , but his intention overwhelmed any such hesitation , and with a moan of desire she put herself entirely into his hands .
there was a moment , as she felt the release from the flimsy protection of her undergarments , when it seemed as if something yet might stop him in the tidal wave of passion , but his intention overwhelmed any such hesitation , and with a moan of [want] she put herself entirely into his hands .

His lips marauded again and again between commands to tell him she wanted him until she felt dizzy with desire and the need for survival .
his lips marauded again and again between commands to tell him she wanted him until she felt dizzy with [want] and the need for survival .

Marc 's voice was husky with desire when he spoke again .
marc 's voice was husky with [want] when he spoke again .

Lindsey found herself battling against an almost overwhelming and totally illogical desire to run her fingers through its neatness .
lindsey found herself battling against an almost overwhelming and totally illogical [want] to run her fingers through its neatness .

The truth was , she thought with a pang , that since Paul had ceased to be part of her life she had n't felt the desire or the need for any kind of social life , apart from the occasional visit to a pub with colleagues .
the truth was , she thought with a pang , that since paul had ceased to be part of her life she had n't felt the [want] or the need for any kind of social life , apart from the occasional visit to a pub with colleagues .

Lindsey could feel the steady build-up of desire until she knew she had to break away .
lindsey could feel the steady build-up of [want] until she knew she had to break away .

She heard the sharp intake of his breath and desire flared out of control so that , despite herself , she responded .
she heard the sharp intake of his breath and [want] flared out of control so that , despite herself , she responded .

They clung together , her body offering no resistance as his mouth became more ruthless , more demanding , creating a desire in her so strong that she moaned softly .
they clung together , her body offering no resistance as his mouth became more ruthless , more demanding , creating a [want] in her so strong that she moaned softly .

Desire licked like a flame at her senses , sending dangerous signals to her brain .
[want] licked like a flame at her senses , sending dangerous signals to her brain .

But she ignored it , the desire to escape overriding all other emotions .
but she ignored it , the [want] to escape overriding all other emotions .

It had no individual membership within a centrally-controlled structure and thus no means , or desire , to exclude those who wished to join .
it had no individual membership within a centrally-controlled structure and thus no means , or [want] , to exclude those who wished to join .

Fear of the Communist `` Trojan horse `` was still present in the minds of the Executive , though it was now coupled with a desire to assert the Party 's independence from allies on the Right as much as on the Left .
fear of the communist `` trojan horse `` was still present in the minds of the executive , though it was now coupled with a [want] to assert the party 's independence from allies on the right as much as on the left .

It was n't until she felt his hand on her breast and experienced , like hot needles going through her , the sharp tug of responsive desire in her loins that Ronni belatedly realised what was happening .
it was n't until she felt his hand on her breast and experienced , like hot needles going through her , the sharp tug of responsive [want] in her loins that ronni belatedly realised what was happening .

She had allowed five minutes for him to get back ahead of her — she 'd no desire to go trailing in his arrogant footsteps !
she had allowed five minutes for him to get back ahead of her — she 'd no [want] to go trailing in his arrogant footsteps !

But maybe it was the way he was looking across at her with those all-seeing predatory jet-black eyes of his , or maybe it was the way she felt just a bit claustrophobic at being shut up beside him in the narrow confines of the car and the desire that sparked in her to have this ordeal over quickly , but all at once an idea popped into her head .
but maybe it was the way he was looking across at her with those all-seeing predatory jet-black eyes of his , or maybe it was the way she felt just a bit claustrophobic at being shut up beside him in the narrow confines of the car and the [want] that sparked in her to have this ordeal over quickly , but all at once an idea popped into her head .

Ronni shuddered against him , her lips parting as flames of desire shot through her .
ronni shuddered against him , her lips parting as flames of [want] shot through her .

Ronni felt like weeping with the desire that flowed through her .
ronni felt like weeping with the [want] that flowed through her .

’ Luke ran a swift glance over the fine open fabric covering her bare shoulders , and Fran fought against a desire to snap back an answer , and lost .
’ luke ran a swift glance over the fine open fabric covering her bare shoulders , and fran fought against a [want] to snap back an answer , and lost .

The breeze flowing off the river was cool , but it could n't cool the hot flames of desire she could feel curling inside her .
the breeze flowing off the river was cool , but it could n't cool the hot flames of [want] she could feel curling inside her .

Curiosity rather than a desire to eavesdrop kept her hovering in the doorway , and she felt her blood start to run cold at what she heard .
curiosity rather than a [want] to eavesdrop kept her hovering in the doorway , and she felt her blood start to run cold at what she heard .

Although , since she 'd once experienced the so-called ‘ real thing ’ — a wild , tempestuous tide of overwhelming emotion and desire , which had brought her nothing but misery and unhappiness — well , maybe there was something to be said for a warm , calm and friendly relationship … ?
although , since she 'd once experienced the so-called ‘ real thing ’ — a wild , tempestuous tide of overwhelming emotion and [want] , which had brought her nothing but misery and unhappiness — well , maybe there was something to be said for a warm , calm and friendly relationship … ?

She simply did n't know how to cope with the strange , inexplicable feelings of desire which were increasingly racking her mind and body .
she simply did n't know how to cope with the strange , inexplicable feelings of [want] which were increasingly racking her mind and body .

Compelled by an urgent desire to wash her travel-stained hands , Laura decided to investigate the layout of the rest of the apartment .
compelled by an urgent [want] to wash her travel-stained hands , laura decided to investigate the layout of the rest of the apartment .

Her eyelashes fluttering as the thick mists of her desire began to dissolve , she , too , caught the strident sound of the telephone , ringing loudly in the other room .
her eyelashes fluttering as the thick mists of her [want] began to dissolve , she , too , caught the strident sound of the telephone , ringing loudly in the other room .

Laura was still roughly chastising herself , and attempting to ignore the hard knot of unsatisfied desire still gripping her body , when Ross came back into the room .
laura was still roughly chastising herself , and attempting to ignore the hard knot of unsatisfied [want] still gripping her body , when ross came back into the room .

She had always suspected that he 'd had little time for any brain power that she might possess — just as she had always known that her chief value for him had been the almost instantaneous sexual desire they had felt for each other .
she had always suspected that he 'd had little time for any brain power that she might possess — just as she had always known that her chief value for him had been the almost instantaneous sexual [want] they had felt for each other .

Boiling with rage , yet forced to keep a fixed smile on her face while Carole Meadows continued showing them around the small guest cottage , Laura could barely contain her fury . Interesting and indeed impressive as it might have been to learn that the drinking water was purified through an electric purifier , and that the shower contained a tension-soothing massage attachment , everything paled into insignificance beside her overwhelming desire to give her loathsome husband 's shins a very painful kick !
boiling with rage , yet forced to keep a fixed smile on her face while carole meadows continued showing them around the small guest cottage , laura could barely contain her fury . interesting and indeed impressive as it might have been to learn that the drinking water was purified through an electric purifier , and that the shower contained a tension-soothing massage attachment , everything paled into insignificance beside her overwhelming [want] to give her loathsome husband 's shins a very painful kick !

The rampant desire she glimpsed in his eyes was so clear and so fierce that she felt her breath catch in her throat .
the rampant [want] she glimpsed in his eyes was so clear and so fierce that she felt her breath catch in her throat .

With a breathless gasp at the clear reminder of his hard arousal , she trembled helplessly , swept away by the force and potency of her own desire .
with a breathless gasp at the clear reminder of his hard arousal , she trembled helplessly , swept away by the force and potency of her own [want] .

Her helpless moans of delight seemed to excite his own desire , perspiration breaking out on his skin as his body began moving against her with a rhythmic urgency he could barely control .
her helpless moans of delight seemed to excite his own [want] , perspiration breaking out on his skin as his body began moving against her with a rhythmic urgency he could barely control .

Cradled within his arms , Laura drifted into a deep sleep , but , even as she dreamed , their bodies seemed to stir against one another , as if they could n't help but touch and make love again ; as if nothing could satisfy the desire that each had awakened in the other 's flesh .
cradled within his arms , laura drifted into a deep sleep , but , even as she dreamed , their bodies seemed to stir against one another , as if they could n't help but touch and make love again ; as if nothing could satisfy the [want] that each had awakened in the other 's flesh .

Staring down at the dark head bent over his work , Laura had found herself swept by diametrically opposed emotions . Despite being filled with an overwhelming love and compassion for her husband , who was single-handedly fighting off one of the world 's largest corporations , she 'd also been swept by a strong desire to bash him over the head with his own fax machine ! How could he have made mad , passionate love to her one moment — and been able to ignore both her and their marriage problems the next ? Surely he could n't be so insensitive ? Surely he must be aware of her deep unhappiness and frustration at the vague , unsettled state of their relationship ?
staring down at the dark head bent over his work , laura had found herself swept by diametrically opposed emotions . despite being filled with an overwhelming love and compassion for her husband , who was single-handedly fighting off one of the world 's largest corporations , she 'd also been swept by a strong [want] to bash him over the head with his own fax machine ! how could he have made mad , passionate love to her one moment — and been able to ignore both her and their marriage problems the next ? surely he could n't be so insensitive ? surely he must be aware of her deep unhappiness and frustration at the vague , unsettled state of their relationship ?

Moaning helplessly , her sapphire-blue eyes darkening with overwhelming desire and need , she gasped as his lips closed hungrily over one hard rosy peak , the increasingly erotic touch of his mouth and tongue producing a sudden clench of rippling sensations deep in her stomach .
moaning helplessly , her sapphire-blue eyes darkening with overwhelming [want] and need , she gasped as his lips closed hungrily over one hard rosy peak , the increasingly erotic touch of his mouth and tongue producing a sudden clench of rippling sensations deep in her stomach .

She was filled with an overwhelming desire to strike back at him , and suddenly she knew exactly how she could do it .
she was filled with an overwhelming [want] to strike back at him , and suddenly she knew exactly how she could do it .

Suddenly she felt tired , and she had no desire to get into a harangue with him .
suddenly she felt tired , and she had no [want] to get into a harangue with him .

Did he indeed ? How uncommonly civil of him to make such a co-operative and hospitable offer ! But though she was anxious to see him , Shiona had no desire to end up spending another night under his roof .
did he indeed ? how uncommonly civil of him to make such a co-operative and hospitable offer ! but though she was anxious to see him , shiona had no [want] to end up spending another night under his roof .

His desire for her was as real as her own .
his [want] for her was as real as her own .

Then gradually she became aware of the demanding nature of his kiss and her own desire flared to match his .
then gradually she became aware of the demanding nature of his kiss and her own [want] flared to match his .

His kiss had thrilled and excited her , and the brief time she had spent in his arms had only increased her desire , leaving her aching to know him better .
his kiss had thrilled and excited her , and the brief time she had spent in his arms had only increased her [want] , leaving her aching to know him better .

Rachel drove to her flat unknowing and surprisingly uncaring of what was happening , only conscious of her desire for David , which somehow , like Danny 's needs , had suddenly erupted and was in urgent need of fulfilment .
rachel drove to her flat unknowing and surprisingly uncaring of what was happening , only conscious of her [want] for david , which somehow , like danny 's needs , had suddenly erupted and was in urgent need of fulfilment .

It was as if those grey eyes could see into the very depths of her soul , stirring the desire that lay there waiting to be aroused , as each of them recalled the passion they had shared the previous day .
it was as if those grey eyes could see into the very depths of her soul , stirring the [want] that lay there waiting to be aroused , as each of them recalled the passion they had shared the previous day .

Lightly he brushed her breasts with his lips , at the same time cupping them , gently caressing with his thumbs until her nipples ached with desire .
lightly he brushed her breasts with his lips , at the same time cupping them , gently caressing with his thumbs until her nipples ached with [want] .

The justification ( in addition to the desire not to increase the department 's work load ) is that local authorities are elected bodies which have been given the legal power to decide .
the justification ( in addition to the [want] not to increase the department 's work load ) is that local authorities are elected bodies which have been given the legal power to decide .

In spite of her shaking legs , of the heat swamping up from her stomach , of the overwhelming desire to throw caution to the winds and not think about anything else , she was also conscious of the fact that if she gave in , went out with Karl , Uncle Willi would be unbearably hurt , and that she could n't cope with .
in spite of her shaking legs , of the heat swamping up from her stomach , of the overwhelming [want] to throw caution to the winds and not think about anything else , she was also conscious of the fact that if she gave in , went out with karl , uncle willi would be unbearably hurt , and that she could n't cope with .

Frau Hoflin fought an overwhelming desire to slap her daughter .
frau hoflin fought an overwhelming [want] to slap her daughter .

Together , these studies suggest that knowledge about contraception and about family planning services , and the desire to become pregnant , by no means fully explain premarital pregnancy .
together , these studies suggest that knowledge about contraception and about family planning services , and the [want] to become pregnant , by no means fully explain premarital pregnancy .

What is it that we carry away with us when we leave a gallery that creates a desire in us to paint , to draw or simply to doodle on a page .
what is it that we carry away with us when we leave a gallery that creates a [want] in us to paint , to draw or simply to doodle on a page .

People desire to hold a certain proportion of their assets in money form .
people [want] to hold a certain proportion of their assets in money form .

The main reasons for this have been ( a ) the opening-up of markets to international dealing , given the abolition of exchange controls in 1979 , ( b ) the deregulation of banking and money market dealing and ( c ) the volatility of interest rates and exchange rates , and thus the desire of banks to keep funds in a form that can be readily switched from one form of deposit to another , or from one currency to another .
the main reasons for this have been ( a ) the opening-up of markets to international dealing , given the abolition of exchange controls in 1979 , ( b ) the deregulation of banking and money market dealing and ( c ) the volatility of interest rates and exchange rates , and thus the [want] of banks to keep funds in a form that can be readily switched from one form of deposit to another , or from one currency to another .

The demand for money refers to the desire to hold money : to keep your wealth in the form of money , rather than spending it on goods and services or saving it by purchasing financial assets such as bonds or shares .
the demand for money refers to the [want] to hold money : to keep your wealth in the form of money , rather than spending it on goods and services or saving it by purchasing financial assets such as bonds or shares .

The desire to cut taxes
the [want] to cut taxes

He could understand the desire of people like Mahmoud for reform and change .
he could understand the [want] of people like mahmoud for reform and change .

The ‘ pervasive desire ’ for a cappella solutions has been impelled by the musical excellences made possible by the choral institutions ( all tinged with a Protestant Englishness that most members of the forum probably imagine that they have never espoused ) .
the ‘ pervasive [want] ’ for a cappella solutions has been impelled by the musical excellences made possible by the choral institutions ( all tinged with a protestant englishness that most members of the forum probably imagine that they have never espoused ) .

Desire shook her to the very foundations of her being .
[want] shook her to the very foundations of her being .

‘ Well , whatever it is … ’ his voice was thick , unsteady with the depth of desire he was ruthlessly suppressing ‘ … this stops right now … ’
‘ well , whatever it is … ’ his voice was thick , unsteady with the depth of [want] he was ruthlessly suppressing ‘ … this stops right now … ’

Impatience with her own see-saw emotions robbed her of any desire for sleep .
impatience with her own see-saw emotions robbed her of any [want] for sleep .

‘ Virginia … ’ Guy 's voice was thick with desire against her neck , as she convulsed beneath his stroking fingers . ‘ Sweetheart , you 're so beautiful … you 've been driving me crazy … ’
‘ virginia … ’ guy 's voice was thick with [want] against her neck , as she convulsed beneath his stroking fingers . ‘ sweetheart , you 're so beautiful … you 've been driving me crazy … ’

Please … ’ She was almost inarticulate with the strange mix of fear , shyness and pure , throbbing desire .
please … ’ she was almost inarticulate with the strange mix of fear , shyness and pure , throbbing [want] .

Fury at her own gullibility kept her going until she got home . Then she retreated in bleak anguish to her bedroom , and sat hunched in the window-seat , looking out over the soft rolling lawns and distant Cotswold hills , dimly aware that her single most painful desire was that her mother were still alive , so she could pour out the secret desolation to the one person who 'd have understood …
fury at her own gullibility kept her going until she got home . then she retreated in bleak anguish to her bedroom , and sat hunched in the window-seat , looking out over the soft rolling lawns and distant cotswold hills , dimly aware that her single most painful [want] was that her mother were still alive , so she could pour out the secret desolation to the one person who 'd have understood …

The question hammered in her brain and her great desire was to be alone .
the question hammered in her brain and her great [want] was to be alone .

Her whole being was aflame with desire for him , but the question that he asked was so tender , so loving , that she knew the answer she gave would be the one that he subconsciously wanted to hear .
her whole being was aflame with [want] for him , but the question that he asked was so tender , so loving , that she knew the answer she gave would be the one that he subconsciously wanted to hear .

Then the flamenco started , and Miguelito sang with a passion and a living flame , fire and ice , desire and weeping , a throbbing sob in his voice pulsing through the building .
then the flamenco started , and miguelito sang with a passion and a living flame , fire and ice , [want] and weeping , a throbbing sob in his voice pulsing through the building .

He could coax tears and laughter and desire from his audience with a simple note , a gesture , a glance .
he could coax tears and laughter and [want] from his audience with a simple note , a gesture , a glance .

In ready response , his embrace grew masterful , and they clung together as he kissed her face and neck repeatedly , each time catching her lips with more desire and more breathless pleasure .
in ready response , his embrace grew masterful , and they clung together as he kissed her face and neck repeatedly , each time catching her lips with more [want] and more breathless pleasure .

But all Shelley felt was a wild desire to get away .
but all shelley felt was a wild [want] to get away .

Shelley knew that there was more to Constance Richards 's desire to look good .
shelley knew that there was more to constance richards 's [want] to look good .

‘ You just expressed a somewhat urgent desire to go to bed . ’
‘ you just expressed a somewhat urgent [want] to go to bed . ’

Only when she heard her aunt 's familiar voice and had to fight a desire to burst into tears did Luce realise just how strung-up she 'd been .
only when she heard her aunt 's familiar voice and had to fight a [want] to burst into tears did luce realise just how strung-up she 'd been .

Her stomach tightened when his free hand lightly touched her breast , discovering the shape , stroking the nipple through the fine material of her nightdress , making desire explode in her mind like a shower of stars .
her stomach tightened when his free hand lightly touched her breast , discovering the shape , stroking the nipple through the fine material of her nightdress , making [want] explode in her mind like a shower of stars .

Without his so much as kissing her , a raging desire had seized her , and she longed to be in his arms , in his bed , in his heart .
without his so much as kissing her , a raging [want] had seized her , and she longed to be in his arms , in his bed , in his heart .

So it was a desire she had to deny .
so it was a [want] she had to deny .

His enjoyment of her body had been intense and complete , his desire unabashed and unabated .
his enjoyment of her body had been intense and complete , his [want] unabashed and unabated .

If only that desire had been fuelled by love rather than lust .
if only that [want] had been fuelled by love rather than lust .

Though she had her own traitorous desire to subdue before she could even begin to fight his .
though she had her own traitorous [want] to subdue before she could even begin to fight his .

Her response was a sudden flush of heat and a clutch of desire that abruptly tightened her stomach muscles .
her response was a sudden flush of heat and a clutch of [want] that abruptly tightened her stomach muscles .

’ He slid her hand lower until it rested on the irrefutable proof of his desire for her .
’ he slid her hand lower until it rested on the irrefutable proof of his [want] for her .

Penry 's wonderful , gratifying desire for her had been a healing fire which had cured her forever of the wounds dealt by Guy .
penry 's wonderful , gratifying [want] for her had been a healing fire which had cured her forever of the wounds dealt by guy .

At the sight of windows lit against the gathering gloom she had a sudden desire to turn tail and run , to take refuge below in the Angharad .
at the sight of windows lit against the gathering gloom she had a sudden [want] to turn tail and run , to take refuge below in the angharad .

Even in the half-tones of night she could see the narrowing of those dangerous sapphire eyes , see sparks of desire bringing them to their full colour .
even in the half-tones of night she could see the narrowing of those dangerous sapphire eyes , see sparks of [want] bringing them to their full colour .

And it was n't out of her desire to be a waitress for the summer , either .
and it was n't out of her [want] to be a waitress for the summer , either .

By the time he had finished that , she was nearly faint with desire .
by the time he had finished that , she was nearly faint with [want] .

She was shivering with delight and pent-up desire .
she was shivering with delight and pent-up [want] .

Skin and sweat and scent and desire became the whole world .
skin and sweat and scent and [want] became the whole world .

He was propped up on one elbow , his dark hair sweat-curled , his eyes gleaming with desire , his naked chest and arms magnificent in their absolute masculinity .
he was propped up on one elbow , his dark hair sweat-curled , his eyes gleaming with [want] , his naked chest and arms magnificent in their absolute masculinity .

’ Damian said in a voice thick with desire , dragging air into his lungs momentarily , staring at her with glittering eyes before his mouth claimed hers again , deeper , more demanding , and Rachel 's fingers were stroking his throat , her mouth moving blindly against his , and she felt his hands on her hips , hard and shaking , pressing her against him until she felt the evidence of his own fierce excitement hard against her .
’ damian said in a voice thick with [want] , dragging air into his lungs momentarily , staring at her with glittering eyes before his mouth claimed hers again , deeper , more demanding , and rachel 's fingers were stroking his throat , her mouth moving blindly against his , and she felt his hands on her hips , hard and shaking , pressing her against him until she felt the evidence of his own fierce excitement hard against her .

One minute they were sworn enemies , the next they were clinging together in fierce mutual desire .
one minute they were sworn enemies , the next they were clinging together in fierce mutual [want] .

She gave a hoarse moan of resistance and desire , pushing at his broad shoulders as his strong hands pressed her hips closer to his body , and as she felt that mouth claiming hers with deeper passion , and felt the evidence of his hard excitement , she felt her body clamouring for more , her eyes closing and her mouth moving under his hungrily , little gasps of shocked desire coming from the back of her throat .
she gave a hoarse moan of resistance and [want] , pushing at his broad shoulders as his strong hands pressed her hips closer to his body , and as she felt that mouth claiming hers with deeper passion , and felt the evidence of his hard excitement , she felt her body clamouring for more , her eyes closing and her mouth moving under his hungrily , little gasps of shocked [want] coming from the back of her throat .

God , he was so gorgeous … her hands were moving on to his strong thoat , thrusting into his black hair , she was losing her head again as the kiss deepened and she heard him give a low growl of harsh excitement , his mouth increasing the pressure until Rachel was obliterated by him , dazed , clutching him with shaking hands , gasping hoarsely against his mouth , feeling his strong hands move swiftly up to her breasts to stroke her nipples and force a long hoarse cry of exquisite desire from her .
god , he was so gorgeous … her hands were moving on to his strong thoat , thrusting into his black hair , she was losing her head again as the kiss deepened and she heard him give a low growl of harsh excitement , his mouth increasing the pressure until rachel was obliterated by him , dazed , clutching him with shaking hands , gasping hoarsely against his mouth , feeling his strong hands move swiftly up to her breasts to stroke her nipples and force a long hoarse cry of exquisite [want] from her .

His mouth tightened but he released her wrist , eyes glittering , and she ran up the stairs , into her bedroom , slammed the door , locked it , then knew with a terrible deep certainty that she had run from her own desire .
his mouth tightened but he released her wrist , eyes glittering , and she ran up the stairs , into her bedroom , slammed the door , locked it , then knew with a terrible deep certainty that she had run from her own [want] .

When she arrived in the outer office , she sat at her desk , trembling , hoping Damian would not appear all day , but of course she was lying to herself again , appalled by her own desire .
when she arrived in the outer office , she sat at her desk , trembling , hoping damian would not appear all day , but of course she was lying to herself again , appalled by her own [want] .

She struggled not to run screaming from the office , seeing the trip ahead , knowing what would happen , that desire , that overpowering excitement flaring up between them in a hotel bedroom somewhere on the other side of the world , dragging her deeper into a relationship that was already tearing her to pieces .
she struggled not to run screaming from the office , seeing the trip ahead , knowing what would happen , that [want] , that overpowering excitement flaring up between them in a hotel bedroom somewhere on the other side of the world , dragging her deeper into a relationship that was already tearing her to pieces .

Shaking , she clung to him , her hands winding around his strong neck , and they moved together , their bodies caught in the fierce tension of their rapidly accelerating desire for each other .
shaking , she clung to him , her hands winding around his strong neck , and they moved together , their bodies caught in the fierce tension of their rapidly accelerating [want] for each other .

That hot mouth moved over her hot , shivering skin , inciting fierce moans of desire as she stroked his dark hair .
that hot mouth moved over her hot , shivering skin , inciting fierce moans of [want] as she stroked his dark hair .

Jamie 's prophetic words floated back to her and she flung herself on to the bed , staring at nothing , her body rigid with the tension of a woman in the grip of violent , unsated desire .
jamie 's prophetic words floated back to her and she flung herself on to the bed , staring at nothing , her body rigid with the tension of a woman in the grip of violent , unsated [want] .

’ she said thickly , but her racing pulses told him a different story , and she knew her desire for him was growing stronger with each moment they spent together .
’ she said thickly , but her racing pulses told him a different story , and she knew her [want] for him was growing stronger with each moment they spent together .

Desire was easy to slam the door on , but emotions were a very different matter , and her fear was beginning to take on new dimensions as she realised Damian Flint threatened her heart even more than he threatened her body .
[want] was easy to slam the door on , but emotions were a very different matter , and her fear was beginning to take on new dimensions as she realised damian flint threatened her heart even more than he threatened her body .

This had gone too far , and now that she was in very grave danger her mind was able to overpower her desire .
this had gone too far , and now that she was in very grave danger her mind was able to overpower her [want] .

There was another silence , pulsing with desire , and Rachel was staring at his chest , her hands curling on his shoulders , scarcely able to move as her emotions were swept ruthlessly aside by her physical desire for him .
there was another silence , pulsing with [want] , and rachel was staring at his chest , her hands curling on his shoulders , scarcely able to move as her emotions were swept ruthlessly aside by her physical [want] for him .

She closed her eyes , head spinning , mouth dry , and felt her hands curl helplessly with desire on his broad shoulders .
she closed her eyes , head spinning , mouth dry , and felt her hands curl helplessly with [want] on his broad shoulders .

Rachel looked at her and felt a spark of hope , knowing Damian did want , above and beyond all else , to make love to her . Could it be that he did feel something other than sexual desire for her ?
rachel looked at her and felt a spark of hope , knowing damian did want , above and beyond all else , to make love to her . could it be that he did feel something other than sexual [want] for her ?

He turned her to face him , lifted her lace veil , and the symbolic act sent a convulsive shudder of desire through her as a thought shot like fire into her mind .
he turned her to face him , lifted her lace veil , and the symbolic act sent a convulsive shudder of [want] through her as a thought shot like fire into her mind .

His desire to possess her was rooted in the world of ambition , not the heart .
his [want] to possess her was rooted in the world of ambition , not the heart .

The dancing was held outside , in the open air behind the pavilion , a band playing hot jazz as Rachel and Damian led the dancing by the gleam of the swimming-pool , and the rhythm of their bodies as they moved blazed their desire for each other to the watching guests .
the dancing was held outside , in the open air behind the pavilion , a band playing hot jazz as rachel and damian led the dancing by the gleam of the swimming-pool , and the rhythm of their bodies as they moved blazed their [want] for each other to the watching guests .

The desire was pulsing in her veins , but beyond it lay emotion , such dark , intense emotion , and she knew the fight was over .
the [want] was pulsing in her veins , but beyond it lay emotion , such dark , intense emotion , and she knew the fight was over .

Suddenly , she was clinging to him , her hands in his dark hair , gasping with pent-up desire as his hands swept up to her breasts . He stroked them , his fingers tugged down her bodice , and when her breasts bounced free she arched towards him passionately , and heard him draw in his breath again , sharply , whispering , ‘ Oh , God … ! ’
suddenly , she was clinging to him , her hands in his dark hair , gasping with pent-up [want] as his hands swept up to her breasts . he stroked them , his fingers tugged down her bodice , and when her breasts bounced free she arched towards him passionately , and heard him draw in his breath again , sharply , whispering , ‘ oh , god … ! ’

Her hands were in his dark hair , her mouth kissing him with all the love and desire she had suppressed for so long .
her hands were in his dark hair , her mouth kissing him with all the love and [want] she had suppressed for so long .

She was naked , completely naked , and she could hear his harshly muttered words of desire ; they excited her beyond belief , her body twisting against his in mindless fever , all flesh and blood and pulse .
she was naked , completely naked , and she could hear his harshly muttered words of [want] ; they excited her beyond belief , her body twisting against his in mindless fever , all flesh and blood and pulse .

’ and felt him strip , the feel of his hair-roughened skin against hers driving her wild because now he was so real , so completely real , and so completely hers as they moved together naked , and she took the physical desire he expressed for her and pretended it was love , because it was the deepest display of emotion he had ever shown her .
’ and felt him strip , the feel of his hair-roughened skin against hers driving her wild because now he was so real , so completely real , and so completely hers as they moved together naked , and she took the physical [want] he expressed for her and pretended it was love , because it was the deepest display of emotion he had ever shown her .

‘ Oh , God … ! ’ Damian said unsteadily , and bent his head to kiss her mouth with slow , sensual desire , and that was how they made love , their bodies moving as slowly but surely towards that ecstasy as that initial kiss did , until Rachel , this time , was breathless and incoherent , delirious with pleasure as she reached climax through his strokes and expertise and unbelievably exciting lovemaking .
‘ oh , god … ! ’ damian said unsteadily , and bent his head to kiss her mouth with slow , sensual [want] , and that was how they made love , their bodies moving as slowly but surely towards that ecstasy as that initial kiss did , until rachel , this time , was breathless and incoherent , delirious with pleasure as she reached climax through his strokes and expertise and unbelievably exciting lovemaking .

They swam then , and Damian made love to her in the hot sea , stripping her as they floated together , wrapping their bodies around each other in unreasoning desire , kissing saltily as their hoarse cries filled the air and they nearly sank like stones as Damian went rigid with pleasure , his fingers biting into her nude body in the warm water .
they swam then , and damian made love to her in the hot sea , stripping her as they floated together , wrapping their bodies around each other in unreasoning [want] , kissing saltily as their hoarse cries filled the air and they nearly sank like stones as damian went rigid with pleasure , his fingers biting into her nude body in the warm water .

But , when she suddenly discovered an urgent desire to know his name , she knew that she would only end up feeling foolish if she asked him what it was in this moment of parting .
but , when she suddenly discovered an urgent [want] to know his name , she knew that she would only end up feeling foolish if she asked him what it was in this moment of parting .

There was nothing unpleasant in his scrutiny , no hint of lechery or desire , yet she felt deeply uncomfortable standing there before him , clad in only a few minute scraps of cloth .
there was nothing unpleasant in his scrutiny , no hint of lechery or [want] , yet she felt deeply uncomfortable standing there before him , clad in only a few minute scraps of cloth .

Too late , she tried to marshal her senses , only to find they had scattered to the winds , driven by the sudden flood of desire pulsing through her body .
too late , she tried to marshal her senses , only to find they had scattered to the winds , driven by the sudden flood of [want] pulsing through her body .

Since that hope was so far removed from the reality of what had actually happened , Rory felt a peculiar desire to giggle .
since that hope was so far removed from the reality of what had actually happened , rory felt a peculiar [want] to giggle .

Think about it , Aurora — decide whether your desire to hang on to the club really is for his sake — or yours .
think about it , aurora — decide whether your [want] to hang on to the club really is for his sake — or yours .

How could she feel desire for a man who infuriated her as much as this one did ?
how could she feel [want] for a man who infuriated her as much as this one did ?

’ He leaned closer still , his warm breath ruffling through her hair and she had to fight against an almost overwhelming desire to lay her head on his broad shoulder and feel his arms close around her .
’ he leaned closer still , his warm breath ruffling through her hair and she had to fight against an almost overwhelming [want] to lay her head on his broad shoulder and feel his arms close around her .

She stared back at him in wide-eyed horror , still weakened by the desire he had ignited , horribly afraid he might be speaking only the truth .
she stared back at him in wide-eyed horror , still weakened by the [want] he had ignited , horribly afraid he might be speaking only the truth .

For a moment she wavered , torn between the desire to finally get the best of him in something , and the equally strong need to stick to her word .
for a moment she wavered , torn between the [want] to finally get the best of him in something , and the equally strong need to stick to her word .

Doubtless that was all part of his master plan , she thought , deliberately stiffening her resolve against an insidious desire to unbend a little .
doubtless that was all part of his master plan , she thought , deliberately stiffening her resolve against an insidious [want] to unbend a little .

Oh , sometimes it was irritating , even downright infuriating to look round and see him just a couple of paces away , but she only had to look into those dark eyes to feel that treacherous quiver of desire deep in the pit of her stomach .
oh , sometimes it was irritating , even downright infuriating to look round and see him just a couple of paces away , but she only had to look into those dark eyes to feel that treacherous quiver of [want] deep in the pit of her stomach .

The words echoed like a warning bell in her mind , but she was helpless to heed them as his dark head bent over her , his mouth warm against one nipple , the gentle tug of his lips sending curling fingers of desire deep into the pit of her stomach .
the words echoed like a warning bell in her mind , but she was helpless to heed them as his dark head bent over her , his mouth warm against one nipple , the gentle tug of his lips sending curling fingers of [want] deep into the pit of her stomach .

Desire , yes , of course , or they would never have ended up like this , but also a reluctant fascination and a curiously protective tendency that she found both touching and revealing .
[want] , yes , of course , or they would never have ended up like this , but also a reluctant fascination and a curiously protective tendency that she found both touching and revealing .

She felt desire and arousal as a warm breeze rippled over her breasts .
she felt [want] and arousal as a warm breeze rippled over her breasts .

She felt an aching need for Fernando to soothe away the pain of desire from her loins .
she felt an aching need for fernando to soothe away the pain of [want] from her loins .

She forced hatred to her soul , for him and for the unwanted desire that leapt unbidden to her pulses at the taste of his mouth on hers .
she forced hatred to her soul , for him and for the unwanted [want] that leapt unbidden to her pulses at the taste of his mouth on hers .

In spite of his cruelty and his love for Maria Luisa , the desire and the need for him were still there .
in spite of his cruelty and his love for maria luisa , the [want] and the need for him were still there .

She wanted the strength to be the first to pull away but it would n't come , that little bit extra that would separate desire from decency .
she wanted the strength to be the first to pull away but it would n't come , that little bit extra that would separate [want] from decency .

It was supposed to drive you wild with desire .
it was supposed to drive you wild with [want] .

His arms tightened around her and desire did n't need to be summoned consciously .
his arms tightened around her and [want] did n't need to be summoned consciously .

His whole body tensed and his eyes were so hooded with desire she thought she would never be able to stop him .
his whole body tensed and his eyes were so hooded with [want] she thought she would never be able to stop him .

Her legs trembled as his strokes of desire on her thighs crazed her need to fever pitch .
her legs trembled as his strokes of [want] on her thighs crazed her need to fever pitch .

The infusion of desire that rushed her was so immense that she obeyed instantly , drawing her legs up to his hips .
the infusion of [want] that rushed her was so immense that she obeyed instantly , drawing her legs up to his hips .

‘ Oh , God , no , ’ she husked pitifully as Fernando suddenly drew back from her and with eyes hooded with desire and power he let himself sink below the water .
‘ oh , god , no , ’ she husked pitifully as fernando suddenly drew back from her and with eyes hooded with [want] and power he let himself sink below the water .

Her blouse fell open and her naked breast was warmed by the hot sun and his mouth drawing her desire from deep within her , a desire she thought had been lost for no other man would have been able to free it , no other but him .
her blouse fell open and her naked breast was warmed by the hot sun and his mouth drawing her [want] from deep within her , a [want] she thought had been lost for no other man would have been able to free it , no other but him .

What was different was that there had been something else mixed in with the raw hunger blazing in his eyes . It was anger , she 'd thought suddenly , anger as sharp and cruel as the blade of a knife , as if he 'd held her responsible for the desire so clearly etched into his arrogant , handsome face …
what was different was that there had been something else mixed in with the raw hunger blazing in his eyes . it was anger , she 'd thought suddenly , anger as sharp and cruel as the blade of a knife , as if he 'd held her responsible for the [want] so clearly etched into his arrogant , handsome face …

Her eyes swept across his face , and suddenly she had the almost overwhelming desire to tell him that it was n't important at all , that she was , inside , what he 'd called a real woman , one who wanted a home and children to fill it , and most of all a husband , a man who would take her in his arms and kiss her until nothing mattered except him , kiss her as Nicolo had , make her want him as she 'd wanted Nicolo …
her eyes swept across his face , and suddenly she had the almost overwhelming [want] to tell him that it was n't important at all , that she was , inside , what he 'd called a real woman , one who wanted a home and children to fill it , and most of all a husband , a man who would take her in his arms and kiss her until nothing mattered except him , kiss her as nicolo had , make her want him as she 'd wanted nicolo …

She held nothing back , not her passion , not her need , not her desire .
she held nothing back , not her passion , not her need , not her [want] .

Making love with Nicolo , giving in to the desire that had overwhelmed her , had been a mistake .
making love with nicolo , giving in to the [want] that had overwhelmed her , had been a mistake .

There he was , Prince Nicolo Sabatini , standing at the rear of the showroom , completely alone , his arms folded over his chest , watching her exactly as he had the first time she 'd set eyes on him , with such a fierce blend of desire and anger that her heart leaped into her throat .
there he was , prince nicolo sabatini , standing at the rear of the showroom , completely alone , his arms folded over his chest , watching her exactly as he had the first time she 'd set eyes on him , with such a fierce blend of [want] and anger that her heart leaped into her throat .

But he ignored her , his mouth moving slowly over hers , not with anger , not even with desire , but with something so sweet , so dear , that Caroline began to tremble .
but he ignored her , his mouth moving slowly over hers , not with anger , not even with [want] , but with something so sweet , so dear , that caroline began to tremble .

Their tongues met , and desire exploded around them .
their tongues met , and [want] exploded around them .

With it came an overwhelming desire to press herself closer .
with it came an overwhelming [want] to press herself closer .

It was n't his fault that she had discovered her feelings were more than just desire .
it was n't his fault that she had discovered her feelings were more than just [want] .

His thumb circled and rubbed the hardened peak , sending waves of sensation through her , starting up a deep throb of desire .
his thumb circled and rubbed the hardened peak , sending waves of sensation through her , starting up a deep throb of [want] .

They moved together in a dance as old as time until finally Travis slid between her parted thighs , hands going to her hips to hold her tightly against him and feel his desire .
they moved together in a dance as old as time until finally travis slid between her parted thighs , hands going to her hips to hold her tightly against him and feel his [want] .

Now all that mattered was their mutual desire .
now all that mattered was their mutual [want] .

After all , there was no other woman on the scene and he did desire her .
after all , there was no other woman on the scene and he did [want] her .

Management is increasingly concerned , particularly during economic recession , to be able to monitor the day-to-day performance of the organisation , such as cash-flow , and therefore they desire access to a range of operational figures .
management is increasingly concerned , particularly during economic recession , to be able to monitor the day-to-day performance of the organisation , such as cash-flow , and therefore they [want] access to a range of operational figures .

As user experience matures , possibly assisted by assurances from judicial decisions , then the desire to maintain a paper back-up can be expected to recede .
as user experience matures , possibly assisted by assurances from judicial decisions , then the [want] to maintain a paper back-up can be expected to recede .

How , for example , will the desire for free access to data be squared with the increasing institutional imperatives to make money from information resources ?
how , for example , will the [want] for free access to data be squared with the increasing institutional imperatives to make money from information resources ?

They do not receive the education of the middle class : hence their differences , the lack of esteem for the countryman , his vigorous desire to escape from the oppression of this contempt .
they do not receive the education of the middle class : hence their differences , the lack of esteem for the countryman , his vigorous [want] to escape from the oppression of this contempt .

The real success formula became evident from the very beginning a mixture of good humour , innuendo , cliché , double-entendre all mixed together in a cauldron of what was plainly goodwill and a desire for a good time .
the real success formula became evident from the very beginning a mixture of good humour , innuendo , cliché , double-entendre all mixed together in a cauldron of what was plainly goodwill and a [want] for a good time .

He had this tremendous desire to be thorough .
he had this tremendous [want] to be thorough .

For example , this theory is incapable of accounting for the phenomenon of redundancies : workers surely do not want to be made redundant in order to indulge their desire for longer holidays .
for example , this theory is incapable of accounting for the phenomenon of redundancies : workers surely do not want to be made redundant in order to indulge their [want] for longer holidays .

The court shall treat any document which shows a desire to dispute , admit , ask time to pay , or counterclaim as prima facie admission , defence etc ( Ord 9 , r 17 ) provided that it is properly signed ( Ord 9 , r 19 ) .
the court shall treat any document which shows a [want] to dispute , admit , ask time to pay , or counterclaim as prima facie admission , defence etc ( ord 9 , r 17 ) provided that it is properly signed ( ord 9 , r 19 ) .

On quantum , the court must decide simply whether the settlement itself is a reasonable one and for the benefit of the minor or other under disability having regard to all the circumstances of the case , including the risk of litigation , desire of the parties to settle , and the disinclination of the plaintiff to go to trial .
on quantum , the court must decide simply whether the settlement itself is a reasonable one and for the benefit of the minor or other under disability having regard to all the circumstances of the case , including the risk of litigation , [want] of the parties to settle , and the disinclination of the plaintiff to go to trial .

Every party should , so far as practicable , apply for any particular direction he may desire on notice to the district judge and the other parties ( Ord 17 , rr 1 – 3 ) .
every party should , so far as practicable , apply for any particular direction he may [want] on notice to the district judge and the other parties ( ord 17 , rr 1 – 3 ) .

Leaving aside the position of the consumer who is party to a business contract , who clearly needs some special protection , the question of exemption clauses under s 2 is not merely one of regulating an unfair desire on the part of a party to exclude liability for his own negligence .
leaving aside the position of the consumer who is party to a business contract , who clearly needs some special protection , the question of exemption clauses under s 2 is not merely one of regulating an unfair [want] on the part of a party to exclude liability for his own negligence .

While the buyer is also anxious to ensure certainty , his desire is to surround the contract and impose upon the seller as many express warranties as possible to ensure that the goods supplied under the contract are satisfactory to him in every way .
while the buyer is also anxious to ensure certainty , his [want] is to surround the contract and impose upon the seller as many express warranties as possible to ensure that the goods supplied under the contract are satisfactory to him in every way .

Most buyers in any event have little interest in preventing such an assignment , and most sellers , at least in today 's economic climate , desire to retain the flexibility to sell off or secure their debts to assist their cash flow .
most buyers in any event have little interest in preventing such an assignment , and most sellers , at least in today 's economic climate , [want] to retain the flexibility to sell off or secure their debts to assist their cash flow .

Whilst the provisions of the agreement should when drafted accurately reflect what the partners desire to happen in certain specified events or , at any rate , what the partners may have agreed as a satisfactory basis for subsequent negotiation or a sufficient fall-back position if those negotiations should break down , they should be kept under regular review .
whilst the provisions of the agreement should when drafted accurately reflect what the partners [want] to happen in certain specified events or , at any rate , what the partners may have agreed as a satisfactory basis for subsequent negotiation or a sufficient fall-back position if those negotiations should break down , they should be kept under regular review .

The desire of some parties for justice rather than finality fuels challenges to decisions ; parties whose challenges fail wish to sue the expert ; and the poorly defined boundary with arbitration provides material for disputes about disputes .
the [want] of some parties for justice rather than finality fuels challenges to decisions ; parties whose challenges fail wish to sue the expert ; and the poorly defined boundary with arbitration provides material for disputes about disputes .

Example 3:11 Option to renew ( 1 ) The tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( `` the further lease `` ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants ( 2 ) The further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and conditions as this lease ( save as to rent and as to this option for renewal ) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ( 3 ) In determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are therein specified ( 4 ) This option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to register it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease Example 3:12 Option to renew contracted out tenancy If : ( 1 ) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created ; and ( 2 ) the tenant gives written notice of his desire to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term ; and ( 3 ) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants ; and ( 4 ) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an application to the court for an order authorising the exclusion of the provisions of ss24-28 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy ; and ( 5 ) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease ( except this option for renewal ) Example 3:13 Clause negativing perpetual renewal Nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease
example 3:11 option to renew ( 1 ) the tenant may by notice in writing served not less than six months before the date on which the term hereby granted is expressed to expire call upon the landlord for a further lease of the demised property ( `` the further lease `` ) provided that up to that date he has paid the rent and reasonably performed and observed his covenants ( 2 ) the further lease shall be for a term of ten years from the said date upon the same terms and conditions as this lease ( save as to rent and as to this option for renewal ) and at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by a single arbitrator to be appointed by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors ( 3 ) in determining the rent payable under the further lease the arbitrator shall have the same powers as would be enjoyed by the court determining a rent for the demised property under section 34 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 and shall disregard the same matters as are therein specified ( 4 ) this option shall be of no effect if the tenant fails to register it as an estate contract within three months from the date of this lease example 3:12 option to renew contracted out tenancy if : ( 1 ) the tenant wishes to take a further tenancy of the demised property for a term of five years from the expiry date of the term hereby created ; and ( 2 ) the tenant gives written notice of his [want] to the landlord not more than six nor less than three months before the expiry of the term ; and ( 3 ) up to the date of the notice the tenant has paid the rent and substantially performed his covenants ; and ( 4 ) the tenant joins with the landlord in making an application to the court for an order authorising the exclusion of the provisions of ss24-28 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 in relation to the further tenancy ; and ( 5 ) the court makes such an order then the landlord shall let the demised property to the tenant for a term of five years from the expiry of the term hereby created at a rent to be agreed between the parties or in default of agreement to be determined by arbitration and otherwise upon the terms of this lease ( except this option for renewal ) example 3:13 clause negativing perpetual renewal nothing in this clause shall entitle the tenant to renew the tenancy for any term expiring more than twenty years after the beginning of the term of this lease

The reasons which prompt such a bargain are a desire on the part of the landlord to ensure that he suffers no rental shortfall , and in some cases a desire to have a guaranteed profit rental .
the reasons which prompt such a bargain are a [want] on the part of the landlord to ensure that he suffers no rental shortfall , and in some cases a [want] to have a guaranteed profit rental .

However , this will often conflict with the vendor 's desire to ensure that such assets are not sold for more than their tax written down value , otherwise the vendor may be liable to a balancing charge ( see , eg , s4 Capital Allowances Act 1990 regarding industrial buildings and s24 regarding plant and machinery ) .
however , this will often conflict with the vendor 's [want] to ensure that such assets are not sold for more than their tax written down value , otherwise the vendor may be liable to a balancing charge ( see , eg , s4 capital allowances act 1990 regarding industrial buildings and s24 regarding plant and machinery ) .

This may conflict with the vendor 's desire to minimise the amount of gain realised on the disposal of such assets to Newco , especially if the vendor is a company which has been bought and sold with no realisation of the underlying assets , which will therefore have a low historical cost .
this may conflict with the vendor 's [want] to minimise the amount of gain realised on the disposal of such assets to newco , especially if the vendor is a company which has been bought and sold with no realisation of the underlying assets , which will therefore have a low historical cost .

The donation is in response to Cambodia 's request for help in restoring its shattered agriculture and reflects the Cambodian government 's desire to make the country self-sufficient in food as quickly as possible , but experts fear any short-term benefits will be outweighed by long-term damage .
the donation is in response to cambodia 's request for help in restoring its shattered agriculture and reflects the cambodian government 's [want] to make the country self-sufficient in food as quickly as possible , but experts fear any short-term benefits will be outweighed by long-term damage .

Ministers showed little desire to emulate the innovative approach adopted in the United States by Franklin Roosevelt during the period of the first New Deal .
ministers showed little [want] to emulate the innovative approach adopted in the united states by franklin roosevelt during the period of the first new deal .

One could never tell , with these town-dwelling millionaires who were smitten with the desire to be landed gentry .
one could never tell , with these town-dwelling millionaires who were smitten with the [want] to be landed gentry .

The high spirits surrounding her were infectious and she had an insane desire to giggle .
the high spirits surrounding her were infectious and she had an insane [want] to giggle .

Reductionism , in this sense , is just another name for an honest desire to understand how things work .
reductionism , in this sense , is just another name for an honest [want] to understand how things work .

Indeed , the desire to eliminate uncertainty and human judgement is now so extensive that as Noble pointed out recently : " Designing for idiots is the highest expression of the engineering art " .
indeed , the [want] to eliminate uncertainty and human judgement is now so extensive that as noble pointed out recently : " designing for idiots is the highest expression of the engineering art " .

It is apparent that there is considerable latent public interest in `` renewable `` energy systems and a desire for more information .
it is apparent that there is considerable latent public interest in `` renewable `` energy systems and a [want] for more information .

Through his desire to impart a feeling of an `` organic whole `` Unwin upset the separation between houses which characterised the Victorian suburb .
through his [want] to impart a feeling of an `` organic whole `` unwin upset the separation between houses which characterised the victorian suburb .

In his address on The Improvement of Towns , Unwin attacked the then common desire to have each house in its own individual plot , and regretted the way in which wide margins of grass were taken into individual gardens ( 1904 p 3 ) .
in his address on the improvement of towns , unwin attacked the then common [want] to have each house in its own individual plot , and regretted the way in which wide margins of grass were taken into individual gardens ( 1904 p 3 ) .

Unwin , in his essay , Art and Simplicity , proposed a `` rational cottage `` `` … which the lover of art and beauty would desire for himself `` ( my italics ; 1901 p 65 ) .
unwin , in his essay , art and simplicity , proposed a `` rational cottage `` `` … which the lover of art and beauty would [want] for himself `` ( my italics ; 1901 p 65 ) .

Working class families rejected Unwin and Parker 's vision of a unified family life in their desire for a parlour .
working class families rejected unwin and parker 's vision of a unified family life in their [want] for a parlour .

Davidoff noted that the Victorian upper and middle classes were obsessed with a desire to reject all contact with dirt before the emergence of germ theory and medical knowledge of bacteria.0 There was an ambiguity , however , as nineteenth century furniture harboured dust .
davidoff noted that the victorian upper and middle classes were obsessed with a [want] to reject all contact with dirt before the emergence of germ theory and medical knowledge of bacteria.0 there was an ambiguity , however , as nineteenth century furniture harboured dust .

Concomitant with the obsession with dirt was a desire for order .
concomitant with the obsession with dirt was a [want] for order .

This explains , for example , how , faced with the sentence `` Babar the King of the elephants went to a restaurant `` ( p. 52 ) , we project our experience of real human beings onto the fictional character , and infer that the reason for Babar 's action must be the aim to satisfy his desire for food .
this explains , for example , how , faced with the sentence `` babar the king of the elephants went to a restaurant `` ( p. 52 ) , we project our experience of real human beings onto the fictional character , and infer that the reason for babar 's action must be the aim to satisfy his [want] for food .

‘ In siding with Joseph , the narrator embraces the ideological structure which Joseph serves , namely , the male desire for an exclusive bond between men … The position of the biblical narrator is no more ‘ neutral ’ than that of the feminist reader .
‘ in siding with joseph , the narrator embraces the ideological structure which joseph serves , namely , the male [want] for an exclusive bond between men … the position of the biblical narrator is no more ‘ neutral ’ than that of the feminist reader .

Many of the small , trim villages owe their neatness to the desire of eighteenth-century landowners to add picturesque touches to their estates , moving employees tidily into settlements which would enhance the lordly view , or establishing small industrial and ‘ tradesman ’ villages .
many of the small , trim villages owe their neatness to the [want] of eighteenth-century landowners to add picturesque touches to their estates , moving employees tidily into settlements which would enhance the lordly view , or establishing small industrial and ‘ tradesman ’ villages .

The need for the role of the community to be given paramount importance was stressed , that is , the community 's own perception of needs and desire to do something for themselves ( self-help ) .
the need for the role of the community to be given paramount importance was stressed , that is , the community 's own perception of needs and [want] to do something for themselves ( self-help ) .

Equally , it depends on the horse 's intensely social nature , his own understanding of the use of visual cues , and his desire to stay close to those who make him feel safe .
equally , it depends on the horse 's intensely social nature , his own understanding of the use of visual cues , and his [want] to stay close to those who make him feel safe .

The woman has to set the enticing fruit , the desire to have knowledge like God himself , against God 's plain command .
the woman has to set the enticing fruit , the [want] to have knowledge like god himself , against god 's plain command .

On the whole they are best regarded as expressing a desire to maintain and demonstrate right relations between God , man and his neighbour .
on the whole they are best regarded as expressing a [want] to maintain and demonstrate right relations between god , man and his neighbour .

The excitement of this first fall of rain had filled her with a desire that things should be different , that she should be happy again .
the excitement of this first fall of rain had filled her with a [want] that things should be different , that she should be happy again .

The fire had been doused under a great , smoking heap of insects ; the human beings shook themselves like dogs to rid themselves of the sickening creatures , which were showing , for some reason , perhaps because she was wearing a white muslin dress , a particular desire to land on Lucy .
the fire had been doused under a great , smoking heap of insects ; the human beings shook themselves like dogs to rid themselves of the sickening creatures , which were showing , for some reason , perhaps because she was wearing a white muslin dress , a particular [want] to land on lucy .

`` Let me now read to you the conclusion of Dr Baly in his Report on Epidemic Cholera , drawn up at the desire of the Royal College of Physicians and published in 1854 .
`` let me now read to you the conclusion of dr baly in his report on epidemic cholera , drawn up at the [want] of the royal college of physicians and published in 1854 .

It would be nice to know who these nobles were ; or even to know whether the chronicler 's choice of phrase was due to ignorance or a desire for brevity or for the sake of discretion .
it would be nice to know who these nobles were ; or even to know whether the chronicler 's choice of phrase was due to ignorance or a [want] for brevity or for the sake of discretion .

As the troubadour Pous de Capdeuil put it , `` What more can kings desire than the right to save themselves from hell-fire by mighty deeds of arms ? ``
as the troubadour pous de capdeuil put it , `` what more can kings [want] than the right to save themselves from hell-fire by mighty deeds of arms ? ``

On one occasion in this period he was unusually self-revealing in a conversation with Virginia Woolf ; she sensed an agonized and lonely man , filled with `` self-torture , doubt , conceit , desire for warmth and intimacy `` .
on one occasion in this period he was unusually self-revealing in a conversation with virginia woolf ; she sensed an agonized and lonely man , filled with `` self-torture , doubt , conceit , [want] for warmth and intimacy `` .

In spite of the success of Murder in the Cathedral , and his desire to begin a new play in a modern setting , he was working on his next project rather slowly .
in spite of the success of murder in the cathedral , and his [want] to begin a new play in a modern setting , he was working on his next project rather slowly .

In August he was again complaining of tiredness ; there was no doubt that like most other Englishmen he was experiencing what he described in another context as a general weariness of war and desire for peace .
in august he was again complaining of tiredness ; there was no doubt that like most other englishmen he was experiencing what he described in another context as a general weariness of war and [want] for peace .

For a long period he seems to have been disturbed or disgusted by female sexuality , particularly as it was embodied in his wife , and to have established relationships with women in which the dominant note was one of camaraderie not unmixed with his desire for comfort or protection .
for a long period he seems to have been disturbed or disgusted by female sexuality , particularly as it was embodied in his wife , and to have established relationships with women in which the dominant note was one of camaraderie not unmixed with his [want] for comfort or protection .

But if this state of comparative retirement owed much to his desire to experience as fully as possible the companionship of marriage , it was also imposed upon him by the demands of his still fragile health .
but if this state of comparative retirement owed much to his [want] to experience as fully as possible the companionship of marriage , it was also imposed upon him by the demands of his still fragile health .

From a traditional Labour background , my mother rejected the politics of solidarity and communality , always voted Conservative , for the left could not embody her desire for things to be really fair , for a full skirt that took twenty yards of cloth , for a half-timbered cottage in the country , for the prince who did not come .
from a traditional labour background , my mother rejected the politics of solidarity and communality , always voted conservative , for the left could not embody her [want] for things to be really fair , for a full skirt that took twenty yards of cloth , for a half-timbered cottage in the country , for the prince who did not come .

This particular political failure of the post-war welfare policies , to provide equality and not just the opportunity for individual achievement , was set in its turn against the dislocation that my mother 's 1950s represent : welfarism in one country did not embody the desire people felt for the world that had shaped them .
this particular political failure of the post-war welfare policies , to provide equality and not just the opportunity for individual achievement , was set in its turn against the dislocation that my mother 's 1950s represent : welfarism in one country did not embody the [want] people felt for the world that had shaped them .

People said at the time that the war had been fought for the children , for a better future , and the 1950s represent a watershed in the historical process by which children have come to be thought of as repositories of hope , and objects of desire .
people said at the time that the war had been fought for the children , for a better future , and the 1950s represent a watershed in the historical process by which children have come to be thought of as repositories of hope , and objects of [want] .

The eclipse , partly by his own desire , partly because of the overturning of the world in which he had governed , was too abrupt .
the eclipse , partly by his own [want] , partly because of the overturning of the world in which he had governed , was too abrupt .

He had no desire to take over the first place .
he had no [want] to take over the first place .

’ In spite of such warnings Baldwin 's desire for a settlement was fortified by the views of the Governor of the Bank of England , Montagu Norman , who was with him , and of Auckland Geddes , the ‘ political ’ Ambassador in Washington .
’ in spite of such warnings baldwin 's [want] for a settlement was fortified by the views of the governor of the bank of england , montagu norman , who was with him , and of auckland geddes , the ‘ political ’ ambassador in washington .

He had no desire to defeat boredom by provoking political excitement and keeping himself constantly at a stretch .
he had no [want] to defeat boredom by provoking political excitement and keeping himself constantly at a stretch .

’ It was an almost perfect example of how , provided his colleagues have no desire to humiliate him , a Prime Minister can get his way against the better judgment of most of them .
’ it was an almost perfect example of how , provided his colleagues have no [want] to humiliate him , a prime minister can get his way against the better judgment of most of them .

On this last occasion , according to Chamberlain , who was also present , Baldwin ‘ asked no intelligent question , made no helpful suggestion ’ , which Chamberlain attributed to his desire ‘ to be gone before he was ’ drawn into something ’ ‘ Whether or not this was a correct explanation of his reticence , if was certainly the case that Baldwin was quickly ‘ gone ’ .
on this last occasion , according to chamberlain , who was also present , baldwin ‘ asked no intelligent question , made no helpful suggestion ’ , which chamberlain attributed to his [want] ‘ to be gone before he was ’ drawn into something ’ ‘ whether or not this was a correct explanation of his reticence , if was certainly the case that baldwin was quickly ‘ gone ’ .

It may well have been the desire of many , perhaps a majority , of the Cabinet and the Conservative backbenchers .
it may well have been the [want] of many , perhaps a majority , of the cabinet and the conservative backbenchers .

He saw a good deal of Eden in the next months , and with a genuine desire to see him Prime Minister gave him a lot of advice .
he saw a good deal of eden in the next months , and with a genuine [want] to see him prime minister gave him a lot of advice .

She was so constantly braced , her will so stiff from desire , that she could not sleep at nights ; she feared that if she fell asleep she might lose her determination and her faith , might wake up alone in her narrow bed , in the small back bedroom , overlooking the small square garden , backing onto the next small square garden , where for so many years she had lain and dreamed her subversive dreams .
she was so constantly braced , her will so stiff from [want] , that she could not sleep at nights ; she feared that if she fell asleep she might lose her determination and her faith , might wake up alone in her narrow bed , in the small back bedroom , overlooking the small square garden , backing onto the next small square garden , where for so many years she had lain and dreamed her subversive dreams .

The combination of the words and the music of this hymn could unfailingly elevate her to a state of rapt and ferocious ambition and desire ; she pictured , even at a most tender age , not the pearly gates and crystal walls and golden towers of some heavenly city , but some truly terrestrial paradise , where beautiful people in beautiful houses spoke of beautiful things .
the combination of the words and the music of this hymn could unfailingly elevate her to a state of rapt and ferocious ambition and [want] ; she pictured , even at a most tender age , not the pearly gates and crystal walls and golden towers of some heavenly city , but some truly terrestrial paradise , where beautiful people in beautiful houses spoke of beautiful things .

They showed , from time to time , a faint suspicious desire to force her to provide her non-existent credentials , but every time , just as their forces gathered for the attack , she would produce out of her hat some new and dazzling boyfriend , all ready to pay tribute to her elusive powers .
they showed , from time to time , a faint suspicious [want] to force her to provide her non-existent credentials , but every time , just as their forces gathered for the attack , she would produce out of her hat some new and dazzling boyfriend , all ready to pay tribute to her elusive powers .

He annoyed her in many ways — mostly by his incurable facetiousness , which went down very badly with her girl friends , and by his desire to undress her at every possible opportunity .
he annoyed her in many ways — mostly by his incurable facetiousness , which went down very badly with her girl friends , and by his [want] to undress her at every possible opportunity .

Once she had admitted the hope , she was inundated by whole floods of desire ; the project took life in her mind , the trees grew leaves , the cathedrals grew towers and arches , the river flowed beneath its bridges .
once she had admitted the hope , she was inundated by whole floods of [want] ; the project took life in her mind , the trees grew leaves , the cathedrals grew towers and arches , the river flowed beneath its bridges .

It was not until the next to last day of the visit that she finally formulated to herself her secret desire , which was to see Montmartre at night .
it was not until the next to last day of the visit that she finally formulated to herself her secret [want] , which was to see montmartre at night .

Her years in London bad merely strengthened her desire to live there for the rest of her life , and while she was there her mother seemed , most of the time , to be no more that a dreadful past sorrow , endured and survived .
her years in london bad merely strengthened her [want] to live there for the rest of her life , and while she was there her mother seemed , most of the time , to be no more that a dreadful past sorrow , endured and survived .

And sure enough , just as Clelia ripped a crust from a piece of bread and butter , the baby started to make groaning hungry noises , clenching and unclenching its fists , with histrionic desire .
and sure enough , just as clelia ripped a crust from a piece of bread and butter , the baby started to make groaning hungry noises , clenching and unclenching its fists , with histrionic [want] .

Sexual intercourse can be resumed once all tenderness has disappeared and the desire for intercourse has returned , although the slacker state of the vagina may reduce its satisfactions to some extent .
sexual intercourse can be resumed once all tenderness has disappeared and the [want] for intercourse has returned , although the slacker state of the vagina may reduce its satisfactions to some extent .

Sexual dysfunction ( the terms `` inadequacy `` and `` incompetence `` which are sometimes used , while strictly accurate , nevertheless carry some judgmental and pejorative implications and are perhaps best avoided ) may take the form of unduly reduced sexual desire , reduced sexual pleasure , inability to carry out coitus or inability to achieve orgasm : or any or all of these .
sexual dysfunction ( the terms `` inadequacy `` and `` incompetence `` which are sometimes used , while strictly accurate , nevertheless carry some judgmental and pejorative implications and are perhaps best avoided ) may take the form of unduly reduced sexual [want] , reduced sexual pleasure , inability to carry out coitus or inability to achieve orgasm : or any or all of these .

Delight in and compulsive desire to dress in the clothing of the opposite sex , must be confused with neither homosexuality nor transsexualism , although it may be a feature in either .
delight in and compulsive [want] to dress in the clothing of the opposite sex , must be confused with neither homosexuality nor transsexualism , although it may be a feature in either .

This is indicated by the manner of libidinal development outlined in Chapter 3 and , strongly as most of us suppress it , sexual or quasi-sexual desire between parent and child is at times very evident .
this is indicated by the manner of libidinal development outlined in chapter 3 and , strongly as most of us suppress it , sexual or quasi-sexual [want] between parent and child is at times very evident .

The strict parent or the sarcastic schoolteacher may act more from a suppressed need to hurt than from his or her desire for discipline or wish to be thought amusing .
the strict parent or the sarcastic schoolteacher may act more from a suppressed need to hurt than from his or her [want] for discipline or wish to be thought amusing .

The submissive spouse or even the martyr may be giving rein in an oblique way to a desire for mental or physical pain .
the submissive spouse or even the martyr may be giving rein in an oblique way to a [want] for mental or physical pain .

Masochistic desire in each case would be a true ( if doubly-inverted ) expression of self-regard .
masochistic [want] in each case would be a true ( if doubly-inverted ) expression of self-regard .

There is an obvious link here with sadism — the desire to dominate by sexual means or even to damage or destroy .
there is an obvious link here with sadism — the [want] to dominate by sexual means or even to damage or destroy .

" for these ¾ of a year no past he had taught the scholars of the school to the content of the inhabitants , who have sent their approbation and who desire him to be established therein . "
" for these ¾ of a year no past he had taught the scholars of the school to the content of the inhabitants , who have sent their approbation and who [want] him to be established therein . "

Formally but icily they replied that they `` do not desire to interfere with any views which he may have towards improving his position in life , but they expect that he will give them six months ' notice of his intention to resign the mastership of the School `` .
formally but icily they replied that they `` do not [want] to interfere with any views which he may have towards improving his position in life , but they expect that he will give them six months ' notice of his intention to resign the mastership of the school `` .

That the Schools shall be conducted as heretofore on the principles of the Church of England , but not to the exclusion of the Children of Dissenters who desire to avail themselves thereof .
that the schools shall be conducted as heretofore on the principles of the church of england , but not to the exclusion of the children of dissenters who [want] to avail themselves thereof .

The Republican administration of the 1920s also responded to the desire of business for protection against foreign competition .
the republican administration of the 1920s also responded to the [want] of business for protection against foreign competition .

The continuation of prosperity meant the creation of the desire , and of the means , to consume more and more .
the continuation of prosperity meant the creation of the [want] , and of the means , to consume more and more .

The desire for quality is an attitude of mind the Profitboss cultivates throughout the whole organization .
the [want] for quality is an attitude of mind the profitboss cultivates throughout the whole organization .

The Profitboss therefore has no desire to be elected to the board .
the profitboss therefore has no [want] to be elected to the board .

That this Conference , while recording its desire to see working men in Parliament on the Unionist side , thinks it undesirable that any distinction should be made between them and other members , and therefore expresses the opinion that all Unionist organizations should select and support with all their power the best candidate they can find to represent their constituency , irrespective of his social and financial status .
that this conference , while recording its [want] to see working men in parliament on the unionist side , thinks it undesirable that any distinction should be made between them and other members , and therefore expresses the opinion that all unionist organizations should select and support with all their power the best candidate they can find to represent their constituency , irrespective of his social and financial status .

And to each of them Frith gave the cunning and the fierceness and the desire to hunt and slay and eat the children of El-ahrairah .
and to each of them frith gave the cunning and the fierceness and the [want] to hunt and slay and eat the children of el-ahrairah .

Nothing would , in our belief , conduce more to the unity and harmony of the nation than a public policy directed to the provision of equal intellectual opportunities for all , and service to this end would be doubly effective if it came voluntarily as from those who have already received their inheritance , and desire to share with the rest of their countrymen that in which their life and freedom most truly consist .
nothing would , in our belief , conduce more to the unity and harmony of the nation than a public policy directed to the provision of equal intellectual opportunities for all , and service to this end would be doubly effective if it came voluntarily as from those who have already received their inheritance , and [want] to share with the rest of their countrymen that in which their life and freedom most truly consist .

Sharing on these lines and a desire to increase contacts between us should not , however , be confused with any desire to ‘ take over ’ the library .
sharing on these lines and a [want] to increase contacts between us should not , however , be confused with any [want] to ‘ take over ’ the library .

One was its desire to find some way not simply to get through the current hard times , but also to protect themselves from the financial ups and downs that make up every economic cycle .
one was its [want] to find some way not simply to get through the current hard times , but also to protect themselves from the financial ups and downs that make up every economic cycle .

Although they have worked together for so many years , there has still been time for individual projects and exhibitions : François-Xavier has moved on from vegetable architecture to monumental fountains and sculptures ; Claude 's ventures include jewellery and bronze furniture for an American garden , stage props for Bob Wilson and breastplates for the angels in Wim Wenders ' film ‘ Wings of Desire ’ .
although they have worked together for so many years , there has still been time for individual projects and exhibitions : françois-xavier has moved on from vegetable architecture to monumental fountains and sculptures ; claude 's ventures include jewellery and bronze furniture for an american garden , stage props for bob wilson and breastplates for the angels in wim wenders ' film ‘ wings of [want] ’ .

One suggested reason is to protect public bodies from vexatious litigants with no real interest in the outcome of the case but just a desire to make things difficult for the government .
one suggested reason is to protect public bodies from vexatious litigants with no real interest in the outcome of the case but just a [want] to make things difficult for the government .

Their post-modern capaciousness and their pluralistic desire to see every side of an argument renders it unconstitutional to say boo to a goose .
their post-modern capaciousness and their pluralistic [want] to see every side of an argument renders it unconstitutional to say boo to a goose .

Often the adverts are not geared to needs but aim at ‘ developing a desire ’ , thus fostering a consumerist mentality which can be detrimental to developmental effort .
often the adverts are not geared to needs but aim at ‘ developing a [want] ’ , thus fostering a consumerist mentality which can be detrimental to developmental effort .

We have established a fine , independent reputation in the region and will continue to express a world wide desire for peace through two new International camps to be sited on significant border locations .
we have established a fine , independent reputation in the region and will continue to express a world wide [want] for peace through two new international camps to be sited on significant border locations .

The review of directors ' managerial decisions can be viewed as being motivated by a similar desire to ensure that directors exercise their powers only in accordance with the will of their constituents ( the shareholders ) and that they are subjected to the controls often associated with the Rule of Law to prevent them from using their power arbitrarily .
the review of directors ' managerial decisions can be viewed as being motivated by a similar [want] to ensure that directors exercise their powers only in accordance with the will of their constituents ( the shareholders ) and that they are subjected to the controls often associated with the rule of law to prevent them from using their power arbitrarily .

Paradoxically the woman is also inside the bottle offered but inaccessible ; thus the spectator/consumer can only quench his desire by reading the magazine .
paradoxically the woman is also inside the bottle offered but inaccessible ; thus the spectator/consumer can only quench his [want] by reading the magazine .

The bottled woman arouses desire but does not satisfy it a function similar to modern advertising .
the bottled woman arouses [want] but does not satisfy it a function similar to modern advertising .

India 's desire to open up to foreign investment evident in the relaxation on rules restricting foreign advertising , for example have further encouraged the present move .
india 's [want] to open up to foreign investment evident in the relaxation on rules restricting foreign advertising , for example have further encouraged the present move .

The desire to stop
the [want] to stop

Professor Cuttino has concluded that the peace of paris ‘ which re-created the feudal relationship which led eventually to war , was the result of English commitments towards Sicily and the desire to secure wealthy territory ’ .
professor cuttino has concluded that the peace of paris ‘ which re-created the feudal relationship which led eventually to war , was the result of english commitments towards sicily and the [want] to secure wealthy territory ’ .

You are likely to secure the material needs and objects you desire .
you are likely to secure the material needs and objects you [want] .

For this reason , the agreement concluded between the museum , the Union Centrale des Arts Décoratifs and the Union Française des Arts du Costume , expresses the desire of all parties to concentrate on thematic exhibitions , in order to avoid pressures from manufacturers and designers .
for this reason , the agreement concluded between the museum , the union centrale des arts décoratifs and the union française des arts du costume , expresses the [want] of all parties to concentrate on thematic exhibitions , in order to avoid pressures from manufacturers and designers .

Desire in bronze
[want] in bronze

Far better to respect the work 's impermanence and its desire for a dignified end .
far better to respect the work 's impermanence and its [want] for a dignified end .

The felt need to get the cleaning done conflicts with the desire to be sociable ; one can iron , or perhaps cook , while talking to a friend or neighbour , but one can not wield a vacuum cleaner and carry on a conversation at the same time .
the felt need to get the cleaning done conflicts with the [want] to be sociable ; one can iron , or perhaps cook , while talking to a friend or neighbour , but one can not wield a vacuum cleaner and carry on a conversation at the same time .

Although the desire to become a home-owner may represent a genuine social aspiration for these women and their families , there is no evidence that it guarantees satisfaction with housework : the housewives in the sample who did own their homes were no more satisfied than those whose homes were rented .
although the [want] to become a home-owner may represent a genuine social aspiration for these women and their families , there is no evidence that it guarantees satisfaction with housework : the housewives in the sample who did own their homes were no more satisfied than those whose homes were rented .

In the interviews housewives sometimes expressed dissatisfaction with the aids and amenities they had , and a desire to replace them with ‘ better ’ ones : to substitute a fitted carpet for loose rugs , a stainless steel sink for a vitreous enamel one , an inside lavatory for an outside one .
in the interviews housewives sometimes expressed dissatisfaction with the aids and amenities they had , and a [want] to replace them with ‘ better ’ ones : to substitute a fitted carpet for loose rugs , a stainless steel sink for a vitreous enamel one , an inside lavatory for an outside one .

If the explanation of a high standards and routines specification as symptomatic of the desire to be satisfied is correct , one would expect some relationship between this measure and answers to the ‘ Do you like housework ?
if the explanation of a high standards and routines specification as symptomatic of the [want] to be satisfied is correct , one would expect some relationship between this measure and answers to the ‘ do you like housework ?

10 . Do you sometimes feel you will never become the weight you desire ?
10 . do you sometimes feel you will never become the weight you [want] ?

This vast geographical area — stretching from China to the Balkans and from India to the northern tip of the Caspian Sea — is inhabited by peoples of infinitely diverse cultural , religious and ethnic origins , whose only common feature ( apart from occupying territories along the old silk route to the East ) seems to be their desire and ability to elevate rug-making from a functional craft to an expressive and deeply satisfying form of art .
this vast geographical area — stretching from china to the balkans and from india to the northern tip of the caspian sea — is inhabited by peoples of infinitely diverse cultural , religious and ethnic origins , whose only common feature ( apart from occupying territories along the old silk route to the east ) seems to be their [want] and ability to elevate rug-making from a functional craft to an expressive and deeply satisfying form of art .

This reflects both a desire to uphold tradition and the fact that natural dyes produce a subtle beauty of tone that has never been equalled by even the finest synthetic dyes .
this reflects both a [want] to uphold tradition and the fact that natural dyes produce a subtle beauty of tone that has never been equalled by even the finest synthetic dyes .

It may be true that people put themselves forward for managerial posts in public industry because they have a genuine desire to improve social welfare ( though they dislike effort ) .
it may be true that people put themselves forward for managerial posts in public industry because they have a genuine [want] to improve social welfare ( though they dislike effort ) .

As man has always had the desire to compete , whether by running against one another , or throwing further than another man , it was obvious that with the advent of the motor car in the 19th-century , another form of rivalry would soon start .
as man has always had the [want] to compete , whether by running against one another , or throwing further than another man , it was obvious that with the advent of the motor car in the 19th-century , another form of rivalry would soon start .

Like Piquet he is an outstanding talent with the desire and ability to win .
like piquet he is an outstanding talent with the [want] and ability to win .

Although the council might have been prepared to accept the Woodvilles ' present position , its desire for continuity would have made it unwilling to see Woodville influence extended .
although the council might have been prepared to accept the woodvilles ' present position , its [want] for continuity would have made it unwilling to see woodville influence extended .

One corollary of that desire was that , apart from the Woodville forfeitures , little patronage became available for redistribution .
one corollary of that [want] was that , apart from the woodville forfeitures , little patronage became available for redistribution .

Gloucester showed no desire to unleash a northern invasion of the south , although a few northerners did receive minor pickings there .
gloucester showed no [want] to unleash a northern invasion of the south , although a few northerners did receive minor pickings there .

The usual assumption is that sex is a definable and universal experience , like the desire for food , with the minority or unorthodox forms filtering off into distributaries , which may , or more usually may not , be navigated by the conscientious explorer .
the usual assumption is that sex is a definable and universal experience , like the [want] for food , with the minority or unorthodox forms filtering off into distributaries , which may , or more usually may not , be navigated by the conscientious explorer .

In Jacques Lacan 's reinterpretation of Freud , sexuality , or rather sexual desire , is constituted in language : it is the law of the Father , the castration fear , and the pained entry of the child into the ‘ symbolic order ’ , that is the world of language and meaning , at the Oedipal moment , which instigates ‘ desire ’ .
in jacques lacan 's reinterpretation of freud , sexuality , or rather sexual [want] , is constituted in language : it is the law of the father , the castration fear , and the pained entry of the child into the ‘ symbolic order ’ , that is the world of language and meaning , at the oedipal moment , which instigates ‘ [want] ’ .

These were intensified affective bonding at the expense of neighbours and kin , a strong sense of individual autonomy , weakening of the association of sexual pleasure with sin and guilt , and a growing desire for physical privacy .
these were intensified affective bonding at the expense of neighbours and kin , a strong sense of individual autonomy , weakening of the association of sexual pleasure with sin and guilt , and a growing [want] for physical privacy .

The most important element was the difficulty that reformers had in distinguishing between their desire to protect the young girls who were the objects of their concern and their desire to control them .
the most important element was the difficulty that reformers had in distinguishing between their [want] to protect the young girls who were the objects of their concern and their [want] to control them .

From the 1860s , however , growing numbers of those who had no desire to question or to alter the nature of the economic system became uneasy about the prevailing diagnosis of the causes of and cure for poverty .
from the 1860s , however , growing numbers of those who had no [want] to question or to alter the nature of the economic system became uneasy about the prevailing diagnosis of the causes of and cure for poverty .

Disraeli , much influenced by the desire to secure the support of the new working-class voters ( mainly better-off skilled men ) , introduced measures during his conservative government of 1874–80 to improve the status of trade unions , public health , education and housing .
disraeli , much influenced by the [want] to secure the support of the new working-class voters ( mainly better-off skilled men ) , introduced measures during his conservative government of 1874–80 to improve the status of trade unions , public health , education and housing .

Sympathy with the conditions of the poor did not necessarily lead to a desire for reform by the state but for further voluntary action .
sympathy with the conditions of the poor did not necessarily lead to a [want] for reform by the state but for further voluntary action .

As Derek Fraser has suggested , they were of four main types : ‘ a fear of social revolution , a humanitarian concern for suffering , a desire to improve the moral tone of the recipients and a satisfaction of some psychological or social need ’ , i.e .
as derek fraser has suggested , they were of four main types : ‘ a fear of social revolution , a humanitarian concern for suffering , a [want] to improve the moral tone of the recipients and a satisfaction of some psychological or social need ’ , i.e .

a desire for the confirmation of social status and superiority which came from giving to those poorer than oneself , and perhaps basking in their gratitude .
a [want] for the confirmation of social status and superiority which came from giving to those poorer than oneself , and perhaps basking in their gratitude .

Well-intentioned though their desire was to make available to everyone the best information concerning hygiene , health care , child care , etc .
well-intentioned though their [want] was to make available to everyone the best information concerning hygiene , health care , child care , etc .

Lloyd George had both a real desire to bring about social improvement and a shrewd appreciation of the gains it could , if carefully approached , bring both to the Liberal party and to his personal reputation .
lloyd george had both a real [want] to bring about social improvement and a shrewd appreciation of the gains it could , if carefully approached , bring both to the liberal party and to his personal reputation .

Leading Liberals , including Asquith , frequently asserted their desire for radical reform of the Poor Law and there is little reason to doubt their sincerity .
leading liberals , including asquith , frequently asserted their [want] for radical reform of the poor law and there is little reason to doubt their sincerity .

They were motivated partly by concern about the continuing extent of the problems and by a desire to prove that a free trade economy was compatible with social improvement .
they were motivated partly by concern about the continuing extent of the problems and by a [want] to prove that a free trade economy was compatible with social improvement .

With everything you could possibly desire to make your holiday memorable , the hotel even boasts a reading room , fishing and a range of activities such as Eastern cookery and flower arranging .
with everything you could possibly [want] to make your holiday memorable , the hotel even boasts a reading room , fishing and a range of activities such as eastern cookery and flower arranging .

It seems extraordinary to today 's parents in England and the United States that women of the twenties and thirties should have been prepared to accept either the content of these pronouncements or the authoritarian tone in which they were made ; yet accepted they were , in that innumerable women made valiant efforts to stifle their natural desire to cuddle their babies and to feed them when they were hungry , or were wracked with guilt and shame when they ‘ mawkishly ’ rocked the child or sentimentally eased his stomach pangs in the small hours with a contraband couple of ounces .
it seems extraordinary to today 's parents in england and the united states that women of the twenties and thirties should have been prepared to accept either the content of these pronouncements or the authoritarian tone in which they were made ; yet accepted they were , in that innumerable women made valiant efforts to stifle their natural [want] to cuddle their babies and to feed them when they were hungry , or were wracked with guilt and shame when they ‘ mawkishly ’ rocked the child or sentimentally eased his stomach pangs in the small hours with a contraband couple of ounces .

Childbearing — reproduction of ourselves , the desire to continue the family and race , and ideas of lineage are deep and complex feelings .
childbearing — reproduction of ourselves , the [want] to continue the family and race , and ideas of lineage are deep and complex feelings .

Its main motivation was a desire to exclude the potentially subversive influence of Christianity , which had proved impossible to divorce from trading contacts .
its main motivation was a [want] to exclude the potentially subversive influence of christianity , which had proved impossible to divorce from trading contacts .

Nor was a desire to retaliate for the Triple Intervention of 1895 totally absent .
nor was a [want] to retaliate for the triple intervention of 1895 totally absent .

The desire for self-sufficiency and material security has remained a key arbiter of foreign relations .
the [want] for self-sufficiency and material security has remained a key arbiter of foreign relations .

The motivations — both many and complex — behind Japan 's desire to exert her influence in Asia have received considerable attention from historians .
the motivations — both many and complex — behind japan 's [want] to exert her influence in asia have received considerable attention from historians .

Among the earliest was a desire to channel domestic discontent away from the regime of the time .
among the earliest was a [want] to channel domestic discontent away from the regime of the time .

Last , but not always least , came a desire to emulate Western nations for whom the securing of concessions in East Asia and elsewhere was an indicator of Great Power status .
last , but not always least , came a [want] to emulate western nations for whom the securing of concessions in east asia and elsewhere was an indicator of great power status .

These protests provoked not merely concern , but anger and a desire to retaliate , in Japan .
these protests provoked not merely concern , but anger and a [want] to retaliate , in japan .

Merchants sought outlets for their wealth and desire for influence within the system .
merchants sought outlets for their wealth and [want] for influence within the system .

It has the merit of simplicity and responds adequately to the desire of States to maintain control over purely domestic transactions , in that the laws of a State are enacted primarily for the benefit of its own residents , not for those situated abroad .
it has the merit of simplicity and responds adequately to the [want] of states to maintain control over purely domestic transactions , in that the laws of a state are enacted primarily for the benefit of its own residents , not for those situated abroad .

In late eighteenth-century England , much of Joseph Priestley 's motivation as a religious dissenter came from a desire to establish a form of Christianity that could withstand rational criticism .
in late eighteenth-century england , much of joseph priestley 's motivation as a religious dissenter came from a [want] to establish a form of christianity that could withstand rational criticism .

It would be in keeping with his desire to promote the status of the professional scientist and to exclude clerical interference .
it would be in keeping with his [want] to promote the status of the professional scientist and to exclude clerical interference .

It must not be supposed , therefore , that the desire of Protestants to dissociate themselves from Catholic Christianity automatically created a disposition in favor of free thought .
it must not be supposed , therefore , that the [want] of protestants to dissociate themselves from catholic christianity automatically created a disposition in favor of free thought .

As for Galileo himself , the fateful urgency with which he mobilized the earth could reflect a genuine desire to uphold the reputation of Catholic scholarship .
as for galileo himself , the fateful urgency with which he mobilized the earth could reflect a genuine [want] to uphold the reputation of catholic scholarship .

’ The desire to see beauty , convenience , and harmonic proportion in the universe had clear religious overtones .
’ the [want] to see beauty , convenience , and harmonic proportion in the universe had clear religious overtones .

Caution may arise from the civil servants ' commendable desire to protect their Minister from criticism or embarrassment , but it may also result from Ministerial reluctance to contemplate unpopular options .
caution may arise from the civil servants ' commendable [want] to protect their minister from criticism or embarrassment , but it may also result from ministerial reluctance to contemplate unpopular options .

The motivation behind the Criminal Justice Act 1972 lay in the desire of Ministers to be seen to be taking action in the field of criminal justice without any ideologically dominant objectives to fuel the legislation .
the motivation behind the criminal justice act 1972 lay in the [want] of ministers to be seen to be taking action in the field of criminal justice without any ideologically dominant objectives to fuel the legislation .

Some claim that the spur came from a desire to raise the local content above the 20 per cent achieved by the multinationals ' assembly plants .
some claim that the spur came from a [want] to raise the local content above the 20 per cent achieved by the multinationals ' assembly plants .

Certainly , there is an overlap between a desire for status and power .
certainly , there is an overlap between a [want] for status and power .

Unlike many other goals , it is difficult to satisfy a strong desire for power .
unlike many other goals , it is difficult to satisfy a strong [want] for power .

This partly explains the desperate desire of nearly every function in the business to be represented on the board or the management committee .
this partly explains the desperate [want] of nearly every function in the business to be represented on the board or the management committee .

Our desire for the group to agree to our membership ( acceptance ) .
our [want] for the group to agree to our membership ( acceptance ) .

‘ Having three-dimensional viewing has almost taken away my desire to go down there myself ’ , says , director of the group 's science projects .
‘ having three-dimensional viewing has almost taken away my [want] to go down there myself ’ , says , director of the group 's science projects .

In medical education there is a potential conflict between the desire to provide a broad educational experience and the need to ensure a technical training in how to be a doctor .
in medical education there is a potential conflict between the [want] to provide a broad educational experience and the need to ensure a technical training in how to be a doctor .

In these cases , the prince might well be surrounded by vassals who owed him military service ; but they would be present not from obligation but from desire , and they would be accompanied by large numbers whose reason for being there had nothing to do with feudal ties or fidelity .
in these cases , the prince might well be surrounded by vassals who owed him military service ; but they would be present not from obligation but from [want] , and they would be accompanied by large numbers whose reason for being there had nothing to do with feudal ties or fidelity .

Although kanban is highly developed in Japan , the system reflects a universal desire of management to reduce production costs by treating inventories as ‘ the root of all evil ’ ( Hayes 1981 p.59 ) .
although kanban is highly developed in japan , the system reflects a universal [want] of management to reduce production costs by treating inventories as ‘ the root of all evil ’ ( hayes 1981 p.59 ) .

Nevertheless the ideal is important if labour is encouraged to believe that it is a desirable norm and social surveys show that over 85 per cent of employees express the desire to spend their whole working career with just one firm .
nevertheless the ideal is important if labour is encouraged to believe that it is a desirable norm and social surveys show that over 85 per cent of employees express the [want] to spend their whole working career with just one firm .

It has several aspects , including : ( a ) the range of options offered to the teacher is crucial in fitting the program to his style and enabling him to contribute effectively , but too many will be confusing ( b ) the designer may see a whole range of possible extensions to the teaching possibilities of the program : the lengthy development process of all good teaching units makes such extensions attractive but trying to include them in one program will tend to make it difficult to ‘ see through ’ and to use ( c ) the desire for compatibility with different hardware configurations often inspires programming constraints that can be severe ; conversely , programs that fully exploit the facilities of a particular microcomputer are likely to be difficult to transfer .
it has several aspects , including : ( a ) the range of options offered to the teacher is crucial in fitting the program to his style and enabling him to contribute effectively , but too many will be confusing ( b ) the designer may see a whole range of possible extensions to the teaching possibilities of the program : the lengthy development process of all good teaching units makes such extensions attractive but trying to include them in one program will tend to make it difficult to ‘ see through ’ and to use ( c ) the [want] for compatibility with different hardware configurations often inspires programming constraints that can be severe ; conversely , programs that fully exploit the facilities of a particular microcomputer are likely to be difficult to transfer .

What all clients have in common is a gnawing desire to make a quick profit , and a likely fatal gambling instinct .
what all clients have in common is a gnawing [want] to make a quick profit , and a likely fatal gambling instinct .

Young hopefuls in dead-end jobs with a burning desire to make a quick buck were seen , along with unworldly yet ambitious and arrogant graduates .
young hopefuls in dead-end jobs with a burning [want] to make a quick buck were seen , along with unworldly yet ambitious and arrogant graduates .

Tudorbury Securities agreed in principle to pay two ex-London & Norwich dealers £5,000 each up front to join them , such was their desire for hot-shot salesmen .
tudorbury securities agreed in principle to pay two ex-london & norwich dealers £5,000 each up front to join them , such was their [want] for hot-shot salesmen .

The defacing of posters may be a natural intuitive desire to turn the perfect images thereon displayed into the imbalanced , imperfect , real life state .
the defacing of posters may be a natural intuitive [want] to turn the perfect images thereon displayed into the imbalanced , imperfect , real life state .

Does this show a desire to be involved in the performance ?
does this show a [want] to be involved in the performance ?

Due to our natural resilience and desire to live , discover and perpetuate the species , this common bond would be positive , not negative .
due to our natural resilience and [want] to live , discover and perpetuate the species , this common bond would be positive , not negative .

We can detect how much further the second boy has gone in overall grasp and in sticking to his convictions about what he has read — and in his desire to bring his own generalisations about sport into the dialogue .
we can detect how much further the second boy has gone in overall grasp and in sticking to his convictions about what he has read — and in his [want] to bring his own generalisations about sport into the dialogue .

The desire to get away from an extrinsically motivated mastery of skill at the expense of meaning has led them to question the necessity of graded readers .
the [want] to get away from an extrinsically motivated mastery of skill at the expense of meaning has led them to question the necessity of graded readers .

Eventually the desire continually to express concepts in terms of yet more `` fundamental `` ones led to Peano setting down in 1889 his symbolic and axiomatic description of the set of integers ( in terms of the undefined concepts : set , belongs to , zero , number , successor of ) .
eventually the [want] continually to express concepts in terms of yet more `` fundamental `` ones led to peano setting down in 1889 his symbolic and axiomatic description of the set of integers ( in terms of the undefined concepts : set , belongs to , zero , number , successor of ) .

Firstly , although Wessel ( 1797 ) and Argand ( 1806 ) had tried to make complex numbers a little more respectable by showing how to interpret them , their addition and multiplication geometrically , there remained , possibly because of doubts concerning the intuitive use of geometrical arguments , the desire to put them on a firmer basis .
firstly , although wessel ( 1797 ) and argand ( 1806 ) had tried to make complex numbers a little more respectable by showing how to interpret them , their addition and multiplication geometrically , there remained , possibly because of doubts concerning the intuitive use of geometrical arguments , the [want] to put them on a firmer basis .

The reason for doing this should now be a little clearer : although democracy has often been equated with a system of government , or recently even more narrowly with a method of choosing a government , too much stress on government diverts attention from one of the most constant aspirations behind the idea of democracy — the desire to bridge , or even to abolish , the gap between government and the governed , state and society , which is taken for granted in so much conventional political thinking .
the reason for doing this should now be a little clearer : although democracy has often been equated with a system of government , or recently even more narrowly with a method of choosing a government , too much stress on government diverts attention from one of the most constant aspirations behind the idea of democracy — the [want] to bridge , or even to abolish , the gap between government and the governed , state and society , which is taken for granted in so much conventional political thinking .

It is a diagnosis whose burden is that the supposedly mistaken analysis , of a kind which has persisted through centuries , is owed not to good reason but to a kind of desire .
it is a diagnosis whose burden is that the supposedly mistaken analysis , of a kind which has persisted through centuries , is owed not to good reason but to a kind of [want] .

When we take a belief , desire , or intention to have caused an action , as we commonly do , we are not thereby explaining the action by referring to other actions , let alone mere movements .
when we take a belief , [want] , or intention to have caused an action , as we commonly do , we are not thereby explaining the action by referring to other actions , let alone mere movements .

Although very nervous , he was open and defenceless when dealing with others in any teaching situation ; others could not but be moved by his total belief and desire to communicate .
although very nervous , he was open and defenceless when dealing with others in any teaching situation ; others could not but be moved by his total belief and [want] to communicate .

Basil 's concern to bring about change was achieved without any desire to build an Art Empire in the West Riding .
basil 's concern to bring about change was achieved without any [want] to build an art empire in the west riding .

St Augustine similarly asked God to keep him in a " chaste desire " during sleep , and protect him from dreams which , " owing to animal images " , might lead him " to pollution " .
st augustine similarly asked god to keep him in a " chaste [want] " during sleep , and protect him from dreams which , " owing to animal images " , might lead him " to pollution " .

They should have an abundance of curiosity and a natural desire to find out about new things .
they should have an abundance of curiosity and a natural [want] to find out about new things .

But the inter-relation of this to the first five public relations functions is sometimes overlooked by marketing departments in their desire to measure brand sales achievement directly to brand public relations tactical results .
but the inter-relation of this to the first five public relations functions is sometimes overlooked by marketing departments in their [want] to measure brand sales achievement directly to brand public relations tactical results .

The sheen on the long hair quickened his desire and the music in her voice surprised him .
the sheen on the long hair quickened his [want] and the music in her voice surprised him .

It was just as well that he would soon be yoked to Virginia , so that his desire for his headstrong gypsy would never be allowed free rein .
it was just as well that he would soon be yoked to virginia , so that his [want] for his headstrong gypsy would never be allowed free rein .

As soon as he saw her again , however , he knew he was as much in love with her as ever , patient in his desire , for he knew she would n't have been cured of her passion for Andrew yet .
as soon as he saw her again , however , he knew he was as much in love with her as ever , patient in his [want] , for he knew she would n't have been cured of her passion for andrew yet .

The marquis 's strength made Topaz light-headed as they clung together , his desire a worthy match for hers .
the marquis 's strength made topaz light-headed as they clung together , his [want] a worthy match for hers .

When the calmness of the foreplay was over , they were honest in their desire .
when the calmness of the foreplay was over , they were honest in their [want] .

That since we have realised the position of women in the printing trade is seriously threatened , we women have been trying to organise ourselves with a view to securing justice for ourselves and for the women who may in future desire to practise the business of compositors or monotypists .
that since we have realised the position of women in the printing trade is seriously threatened , we women have been trying to organise ourselves with a view to securing justice for ourselves and for the women who may in future [want] to practise the business of compositors or monotypists .

Membership was determined by invitation through either the senior teacher or the librarian , and was based on a desire to create a body in which a variety of subjects and levels of seniority were combined .
membership was determined by invitation through either the senior teacher or the librarian , and was based on a [want] to create a body in which a variety of subjects and levels of seniority were combined .

His particular desire had been to widen pupils ' science learning from a mainly laboratory and experimental base towards other methods of enquiry .
his particular [want] had been to widen pupils ' science learning from a mainly laboratory and experimental base towards other methods of enquiry .

The desire to continue to nurse may have to be subjugated to the need to work at something which enables the other responsibilities to be satisfied .
the [want] to continue to nurse may have to be subjugated to the need to work at something which enables the other responsibilities to be satisfied .

Neither of them had any desire to repeat the experience .
neither of them had any [want] to repeat the experience .

Because of the way he was looking , his parted lips , his wondering eyes , she felt desire , a flicker of it , the first sign , the first time for months , a movement like a string being plucked where she thought her womb was .
because of the way he was looking , his parted lips , his wondering eyes , she felt [want] , a flicker of it , the first sign , the first time for months , a movement like a string being plucked where she thought her womb was .

My feeling was one of horror , mingled with a desire to take them all .
my feeling was one of horror , mingled with a [want] to take them all .

The desire is for dramatic , immediate economic reform .
the [want] is for dramatic , immediate economic reform .

There were large , unmistakeable signs that with The Child In Time McEwan had lost his desire to outrage .
there were large , unmistakeable signs that with the child in time mcewan had lost his [want] to outrage .

In Scotland a different method of assessment of need has been adopted in response to ‘ a desire to avoid the heavy dependence on statistical method implicit in the regression analysis approach in England ’ ( Midwinter 1984:67 ) .
in scotland a different method of assessment of need has been adopted in response to ‘ a [want] to avoid the heavy dependence on statistical method implicit in the regression analysis approach in england ’ ( midwinter 1984:67 ) .

Because what makes the Horde potentially extraordinary is that they 're one of the handful of Irish acts outside the inner star circle genuinely possessed of an unquenched desire to be more than musical tradesmen .
because what makes the horde potentially extraordinary is that they 're one of the handful of irish acts outside the inner star circle genuinely possessed of an unquenched [want] to be more than musical tradesmen .

The constraint of positive sanctions really refers to the general way in which the desire to seek the approval of others ( though , sometimes , their disapproval ) can influence our behaviour .
the constraint of positive sanctions really refers to the general way in which the [want] to seek the approval of others ( though , sometimes , their disapproval ) can influence our behaviour .

In addition , the desire to keep up a respectable level of income or the desire of the woman to have a job or career , may lead to the woman going to work .
in addition , the [want] to keep up a respectable level of income or the [want] of the woman to have a job or career , may lead to the woman going to work .

In addition , the economies of the most advanced capitalist nations would advance to a point where any further development of production would be held back by the crises of capitalism and by the desire to produce for profit rather than the general good .
in addition , the economies of the most advanced capitalist nations would advance to a point where any further development of production would be held back by the crises of capitalism and by the [want] to produce for profit rather than the general good .

The germ of both ideas can be found in the original writings of Marx and Weber : Weber , for example , speaks of the desire of advantaged occupational groups to ‘ increase their closure and economic security ’ .
the germ of both ideas can be found in the original writings of marx and weber : weber , for example , speaks of the [want] of advantaged occupational groups to ‘ increase their closure and economic security ’ .

The Government 's desire to assist charities is seen in concessions to individuals , such as Gift Aid , payroll giving and covenants , but the Chairman remarked that it makes no sense if the Institution has to hand the money back , and more through Value Added Tax .
the government 's [want] to assist charities is seen in concessions to individuals , such as gift aid , payroll giving and covenants , but the chairman remarked that it makes no sense if the institution has to hand the money back , and more through value added tax .

We have certainly noted your desire to help further , without having to give more money yourselves .
we have certainly noted your [want] to help further , without having to give more money yourselves .

The Sino-Japanese War of 1894–95 occurred because of the Japanese desire to establish a presence in the kingdom of Korea and the Chinese attempt to thwart this ambition .
the sino-japanese war of 1894–95 occurred because of the japanese [want] to establish a presence in the kingdom of korea and the chinese attempt to thwart this ambition .

Although Rhee poses plausibly as champion of Corean independence and has made a deep impression on sentimental audiences in United States , his admittedly genuine desire for the country 's independence is really the desire of a megalomaniac .
although rhee poses plausibly as champion of corean independence and has made a deep impression on sentimental audiences in united states , his admittedly genuine [want] for the country 's independence is really the [want] of a megalomaniac .

There was no desire in Washington or Tokyo to see Japan transformed into a country again capable of undertaking aggressive action .
there was no [want] in washington or tokyo to see japan transformed into a country again capable of undertaking aggressive action .

Gascoigne suspected that MacArthur wanted a peace conference to take place because it would convey the impression of activity to the Japanese but that MacArthur did not necessarily desire a treaty to emerge from it .
gascoigne suspected that macarthur wanted a peace conference to take place because it would convey the impression of activity to the japanese but that macarthur did not necessarily [want] a treaty to emerge from it .

Both were intensely nationalistic and neither had any desire to see Japan play an active part in Korea .
both were intensely nationalistic and neither had any [want] to see japan play an active part in korea .

And as she had no desire to house-hunt herself , she left the choice to her family in England .
and as she had no [want] to house-hunt herself , she left the choice to her family in england .

Ebenezer Howard 's ‘ garden city ’ movement was one man 's attempt to express the desire for a more suburban type of existence , although this was only ever fully developed in Welwyn Garden City and Letchworth .
ebenezer howard 's ‘ garden city ’ movement was one man 's attempt to express the [want] for a more suburban type of existence , although this was only ever fully developed in welwyn garden city and letchworth .

The desire for children may determine the timing of marriage , rather than the desire for marriage determining the arrival of children .
the [want] for children may determine the timing of marriage , rather than the [want] for marriage determining the arrival of children .

The debate on the Bill to bring back whipping was a thoroughly undignified affair in which the principles of the matter seemed to count less than considerations such as the size and weight of the flogging instrument to be used : calculations made necessary no less by the desire to limit the discretion of ‘ judges infected by maudlin sentimentality ’ , than by the requirement that it should measure up to the brutes who were ‘ so degraded , that they could only be deterred by forcible appeals to their fear of physical pain ’ .
the debate on the bill to bring back whipping was a thoroughly undignified affair in which the principles of the matter seemed to count less than considerations such as the size and weight of the flogging instrument to be used : calculations made necessary no less by the [want] to limit the discretion of ‘ judges infected by maudlin sentimentality ’ , than by the requirement that it should measure up to the brutes who were ‘ so degraded , that they could only be deterred by forcible appeals to their fear of physical pain ’ .

In a climate of opinion which laid greater stress upon collective success than upon the fame or reputation of any one individual , could the desire for fame , which might impair the effectiveness of the army , survive ?
in a climate of opinion which laid greater stress upon collective success than upon the fame or reputation of any one individual , could the [want] for fame , which might impair the effectiveness of the army , survive ?

Yet it may be argued that part of the process was a search for the open sea which France had been denied until the early years of the thirteenth century , and that the desire to win control of the peripheral duchies of Aquitaine , Brittany and Normandy was but an aspect of a wider policy which included an ambition to have access to , and control of , the ports on the Atlantic , Mediterranean and Channel coasts for military as well as for commercial reasons .
yet it may be argued that part of the process was a search for the open sea which france had been denied until the early years of the thirteenth century , and that the [want] to win control of the peripheral duchies of aquitaine , brittany and normandy was but an aspect of a wider policy which included an ambition to have access to , and control of , the ports on the atlantic , mediterranean and channel coasts for military as well as for commercial reasons .

An in between she travelled , extensively and alone , in South and Central America — trips which crystallised her desire to work on environmental issues .
an in between she travelled , extensively and alone , in south and central america — trips which crystallised her [want] to work on environmental issues .

This is the first ever attempt to reassemble those pictures which Monet painted and exhibited in series , and which have been taken as the epitome of his desire for ‘ instaneity ’ .
this is the first ever attempt to reassemble those pictures which monet painted and exhibited in series , and which have been taken as the epitome of his [want] for ‘ instaneity ’ .

He combined the practical side of his life , the need to make a living , with the desire to make a difference .
he combined the practical side of his life , the need to make a living , with the [want] to make a difference .

But now , inspired by the example of their neighbours in the restless Islamic Soviet Central Asian republics , one group of Chinese Muslims in Xinjiang province , which borders Afghanistan , Pakistan and the Soviet republics of Uzbekistan , Kazakhstan and Kirgizia , is showing signs of dissatisfaction and a desire for greater autonomy which manifested themselves in a small but bloody rebellion in March of this year .
but now , inspired by the example of their neighbours in the restless islamic soviet central asian republics , one group of chinese muslims in xinjiang province , which borders afghanistan , pakistan and the soviet republics of uzbekistan , kazakhstan and kirgizia , is showing signs of dissatisfaction and a [want] for greater autonomy which manifested themselves in a small but bloody rebellion in march of this year .

The passionate desire to prevent war determined the whole initial course and direction of the study .
the passionate [want] to prevent war determined the whole initial course and direction of the study .

Behaviouralism criticized not only the role of untestable assumptions in the Realist view of the world , but also the Realist desire to make normative statements about the international scene .
behaviouralism criticized not only the role of untestable assumptions in the realist view of the world , but also the realist [want] to make normative statements about the international scene .

Affective action is simple , unreflective action prompted by immediate desire , like drinking water when one is thirsty .
affective action is simple , unreflective action prompted by immediate [want] , like drinking water when one is thirsty .

( Pat has a good strong Catholic conscience , a desire to pass on some of her good fortune . )
( pat has a good strong catholic conscience , a [want] to pass on some of her good fortune . )

We have no particular desire to make ‘ converts ’ .
we have no particular [want] to make ‘ converts ’ .

We have no desire to challenge anyone 's personal faith , anyone 's personal belief .
we have no [want] to challenge anyone 's personal faith , anyone 's personal belief .

We ourselves , it must be repeated , had no desire to assume the role of iconoclasts ; we were simply caught in the conflict between fact and faith .
we ourselves , it must be repeated , had no [want] to assume the role of iconoclasts ; we were simply caught in the conflict between fact and faith .

If his personal god was Sol Invictus , and if his official stance towards Christianity was dictated by expediency and the desire for unity within the Empire , the fact remains that Constantine accorded the God of the Christians a certain unique deference — a deference of a distinctly novel kind .
if his personal god was sol invictus , and if his official stance towards christianity was dictated by expediency and the [want] for unity within the empire , the fact remains that constantine accorded the god of the christians a certain unique deference — a deference of a distinctly novel kind .

As will become clearer in the following chapters , we believe it is more constructive to view the use of heroin or other drugs as a complex social behaviour determined by a multiplicity of causes , not least of which is the normal human desire to ‘ feel high ’ ( be happy ) in an increasingly hedonistic world .
as will become clearer in the following chapters , we believe it is more constructive to view the use of heroin or other drugs as a complex social behaviour determined by a multiplicity of causes , not least of which is the normal human [want] to ‘ feel high ’ ( be happy ) in an increasingly hedonistic world .

For these , while the desire to experience a ‘ hit ’ was important , the overriding factor in second use was the ‘ need ’ to keep withdrawal symptoms at bay .
for these , while the [want] to experience a ‘ hit ’ was important , the overriding factor in second use was the ‘ need ’ to keep withdrawal symptoms at bay .

Here , second use depended more on hedonism , the desire to experience the ‘ hit ’ .
here , second use depended more on hedonism , the [want] to experience the ‘ hit ’ .

The Committee did stress that there was ‘ a real desire for improvement ’ and prepared a draft Convention which provided for service via the consular channel , or by an agent appointed either by a party or by the Court whose process was involved .
the committee did stress that there was ‘ a real [want] for improvement ’ and prepared a draft convention which provided for service via the consular channel , or by an agent appointed either by a party or by the court whose process was involved .

Not only will you find here Bengali and North Indian cuisine prepared with pride and delicacy but you can have vegetarian and French dishes if you desire .
not only will you find here bengali and north indian cuisine prepared with pride and delicacy but you can have vegetarian and french dishes if you [want] .

These changes also reflect the increased ability of older people to financially maintain their own households after the children have left home and a very strong social desire by all age groups to be independent .
these changes also reflect the increased ability of older people to financially maintain their own households after the children have left home and a very strong social [want] by all age groups to be independent .

Such schemes neglect the importance of inheritance , the desire by older people to leave something to their children or grandchildren .
such schemes neglect the importance of inheritance , the [want] by older people to leave something to their children or grandchildren .

And there these twelve men and two boys , who , with nothing much but bare hands , the sailor man 's gift for improvisation , and their indomitable guts , had fought sea and fire for their ship and won , were cared for and each of them given his heart 's desire .
and there these twelve men and two boys , who , with nothing much but bare hands , the sailor man 's gift for improvisation , and their indomitable guts , had fought sea and fire for their ship and won , were cared for and each of them given his heart 's [want] .

Many of his lower-deck characters were comic figures — Chucks the boatswain in Peter Simple , for example , whose passionate desire to be a gentleman is satisfied when in return for his help with the newly constituted Danish Navy he is awarded the title of Count Schucksen , or Muddle the carpenter in the same book , who believes the world works in a repeating cycle of 27,672 years .
many of his lower-deck characters were comic figures — chucks the boatswain in peter simple , for example , whose passionate [want] to be a gentleman is satisfied when in return for his help with the newly constituted danish navy he is awarded the title of count schucksen , or muddle the carpenter in the same book , who believes the world works in a repeating cycle of 27,672 years .

Though he allowed himself no fewer than four books ( She , Ayesha , She and Allan and Wisdom 's Daughter ) in which to analyse this character , he never seems to have decided exactly what she was meant to represent or how far she was intended to be a symbol of the ‘ world 's desire ’ .
though he allowed himself no fewer than four books ( she , ayesha , she and allan and wisdom 's daughter ) in which to analyse this character , he never seems to have decided exactly what she was meant to represent or how far she was intended to be a symbol of the ‘ world 's [want] ’ .

It was a great nature , checked by some hunger of the soul , which ( this is the source of all beautiful desire ) would perhaps have destroyed the soul , had it been satisfied .
it was a great nature , checked by some hunger of the soul , which ( this is the source of all beautiful [want] ) would perhaps have destroyed the soul , had it been satisfied .

To the conventions of the romantic historical novel , then , Anthony Hope added the colour of society in his day and the pattern of love and courtship which appear , in a far less interesting way , in his novels of his own London society , and he drew in a more general way from the Victorian version of medieval chivalry , with its idealisation of woman and its desire for service to an ideal .
to the conventions of the romantic historical novel , then , anthony hope added the colour of society in his day and the pattern of love and courtship which appear , in a far less interesting way , in his novels of his own london society , and he drew in a more general way from the victorian version of medieval chivalry , with its idealisation of woman and its [want] for service to an ideal .

He could fall in with the desire of Sapt , marry her secretly and fill the empty place in the Elphberg dynasty .
he could fall in with the [want] of sapt , marry her secretly and fill the empty place in the elphberg dynasty .

The desire for freedom is irrepressible .
the [want] for freedom is irrepressible .

QueenSpark Books present two simultaneous writing workshops : ‘ Love 'em to Death ’ writing about romance , ‘ Steamy Stories ’ writing about sexuality and desire . Readings 4.30pm
queenspark books present two simultaneous writing workshops : ‘ love 'em to death ’ writing about romance , ‘ steamy stories ’ writing about sexuality and [want] . readings 4.30pm

This desire for knowing one 's place , even at the level of physical location , was very marked within the Rowdies group .
this [want] for knowing one 's place , even at the level of physical location , was very marked within the rowdies group .

Besides her undoubted love for Prince Charles , her sense of duty and her deep desire to carry out a useful role in life were factors in her fateful decision .
besides her undoubted love for prince charles , her sense of duty and her deep [want] to carry out a useful role in life were factors in her fateful decision .

Initially she discussed her desire to go to the funeral with her husband .
initially she discussed her [want] to go to the funeral with her husband .

One view central to the lawyer/economist is that , in a world where , on the one hand , resources ( all of which have alternative uses ) are limited through scarcity and where on the other hand , there exists the insatiable human desire to consume those resources , then inevitably , trade-offs and choices must somehow be made .
one view central to the lawyer/economist is that , in a world where , on the one hand , resources ( all of which have alternative uses ) are limited through scarcity and where on the other hand , there exists the insatiable human [want] to consume those resources , then inevitably , trade-offs and choices must somehow be made .

the desire to maintain an unblemished reputation , to formal sanctions eg prosecution at law .
the [want] to maintain an unblemished reputation , to formal sanctions eg prosecution at law .

Ultimately , however , the fear of a rival market developing outside the Exchange , the need for outside capital , and the desire to attract the American and Japanese securities houses ( whose participation was crucial in the Stock Exchange 's fight to become a world leader ) , made inevitable further rule changes .
ultimately , however , the fear of a rival market developing outside the exchange , the need for outside capital , and the [want] to attract the american and japanese securities houses ( whose participation was crucial in the stock exchange 's fight to become a world leader ) , made inevitable further rule changes .

Young physicians considering a research based career should seek out those people in senior posts who have a real desire to see fresh minds flourish in academic medicine .
young physicians considering a research based career should seek out those people in senior posts who have a real [want] to see fresh minds flourish in academic medicine .

Thus , the desire for fusion with another can take the form of domination of the other .
thus , the [want] for fusion with another can take the form of domination of the other .

Women desire to please .
women [want] to please .

The viewer can lay aside , in his fantasy relation to this woman , the difficult , complex emotions he will experience in any actual relationship with a real woman , and concentrate upon his own desire .
the viewer can lay aside , in his fantasy relation to this woman , the difficult , complex emotions he will experience in any actual relationship with a real woman , and concentrate upon his own [want] .

He can picture the woman to whom he is relating , as uncomplicatedly wanting him , her desire being to satisfy his .
he can picture the woman to whom he is relating , as uncomplicatedly wanting him , her [want] being to satisfy his .

In other words , the representation of the desire as pleasurably satisfied , reinforces the desire .
in other words , the representation of the [want] as pleasurably satisfied , reinforces the [want] .

It offers women , Coward argues , the fantasised pleasure ( and apotheosis of sexual desire ) of finding security in the strong arms of the hard-bitten patriarchal hero , along with the pleasure of having ‘ tamed ’ him and domesticated his wild ways by the power one enjoys over him in being a woman .
it offers women , coward argues , the fantasised pleasure ( and apotheosis of sexual [want] ) of finding security in the strong arms of the hard-bitten patriarchal hero , along with the pleasure of having ‘ tamed ’ him and domesticated his wild ways by the power one enjoys over him in being a woman .

The ‘ Split ’ Between Reason and Desire
the ‘ split ’ between reason and [want]

And yet , you wonder , with half the population under eighteen , what is going to happen to all this teenage desire and refracted affection ?
and yet , you wonder , with half the population under eighteen , what is going to happen to all this teenage [want] and refracted affection ?

Despite the adoption of floating exchange rates , within many European countries there has been a persistent desire to maintain some degree of exchange rate stability .
despite the adoption of floating exchange rates , within many european countries there has been a persistent [want] to maintain some degree of exchange rate stability .

Since 1979 this desire has been manifested in the European Monetary System , whereby most of the member countries of the European Community have agreed to limit the fluctuations of their respective currencies .
since 1979 this [want] has been manifested in the european monetary system , whereby most of the member countries of the european community have agreed to limit the fluctuations of their respective currencies .

There appears to be no method more reliable to check the degree of redness , pinkness or greyness that you desire then sticking in your knife into the thickest point of the meat .
there appears to be no method more reliable to check the degree of redness , pinkness or greyness that you [want] then sticking in your knife into the thickest point of the meat .

By absenting himself from her court , by this final and suicidal invisibility , he has denied her her heart 's desire .
by absenting himself from her court , by this final and suicidal invisibility , he has denied her her heart 's [want] .

Yet he was driven , persistent , and indomitable , a mixture of Schweitzer and Schwarzenegger , as Robin observed , which coincides with the twin streams of his own spirit — the philanthropy of his humour and the thrust of his ambition ; his desire to be liked — both in life and on the screen .
yet he was driven , persistent , and indomitable , a mixture of schweitzer and schwarzenegger , as robin observed , which coincides with the twin streams of his own spirit — the philanthropy of his humour and the thrust of his ambition ; his [want] to be liked — both in life and on the screen .

It operates in a world of synchronicities and shared unconsciousness , driven by love , a desire to be whole and the pursuit of grace .
it operates in a world of synchronicities and shared unconsciousness , driven by love , a [want] to be whole and the pursuit of grace .

The subsequent development of state contributory systems of income maintenance , although to some extent building on the systems of mutual support developed by some trade unions and friendly societies , which were informed by a collective ideology and em-bodied the concept of the right to support , has also been constrained by the desire to maintain male work incentives .
the subsequent development of state contributory systems of income maintenance , although to some extent building on the systems of mutual support developed by some trade unions and friendly societies , which were informed by a collective ideology and em-bodied the concept of the right to support , has also been constrained by the [want] to maintain male work incentives .

The conditions under which women , particularly married women , acquire maintenance from the state are determined not by a desire to maintain their incentives to take waged work , but by a concern that they will continue their unwaged work for caring for their families .
the conditions under which women , particularly married women , acquire maintenance from the state are determined not by a [want] to maintain their incentives to take waged work , but by a concern that they will continue their unwaged work for caring for their families .

It may well be the case that Freud lost some of his earlier desire to see psychoanalysis help to achieve sexual reform .
it may well be the case that freud lost some of his earlier [want] to see psychoanalysis help to achieve sexual reform .

No doubt one reason for this neglect has been the desire on the part of sociologists to have their discipline accepted in universities as a science , and since many psychologists rejected Freud as being unscientific , this judgement came to be accepted by many sociologists .
no doubt one reason for this neglect has been the [want] on the part of sociologists to have their discipline accepted in universities as a science , and since many psychologists rejected freud as being unscientific , this judgement came to be accepted by many sociologists .

In Western society , adults may play with money as an acceptable substitute for the unconscious desire to play with faeces .
in western society , adults may play with money as an acceptable substitute for the unconscious [want] to play with faeces .

Consequently , they feel sensual desire only for women with whom they have few affectionate ties , and who are not highly esteemed by them , nor by others in their social circle .
consequently , they feel sensual [want] only for women with whom they have few affectionate ties , and who are not highly esteemed by them , nor by others in their social circle .

First there is the fact that the object chosen in sexual activity is a surrogate object ; a real desire being for the parent , or sibling , usually of the opposite sex .
first there is the fact that the object chosen in sexual activity is a surrogate object ; a real [want] being for the parent , or sibling , usually of the opposite sex .

This wish is merely repressed , not abolished , by the desire to please the parents by obeying their prohibition .
this wish is merely repressed , not abolished , by the [want] to please the parents by obeying their prohibition .

Taboos have this emotional ambivalence about them too , for they originally forbid an action , or an interest in something , for which there is a strong unconscious desire .
taboos have this emotional ambivalence about them too , for they originally forbid an action , or an interest in something , for which there is a strong unconscious [want] .

So taboos may exist which prohibit social intercourse between a man and a young girl having her first menstruation , or between females and a young male who has just reached puberty , because there is strong unconscious , or even conscious , desire to have sexual relations with the girls or boys ( incest ) .
so taboos may exist which prohibit social intercourse between a man and a young girl having her first menstruation , or between females and a young male who has just reached puberty , because there is strong unconscious , or even conscious , [want] to have sexual relations with the girls or boys ( incest ) .

Neurosis is socially isolating , and there is no social concern for others based on something other than the desire for a sexual object .
neurosis is socially isolating , and there is no social concern for others based on something other than the [want] for a sexual object .

Father may not be killed , although the wish to do so exists ; the boy may not marry his mother even though the desire to do so is there .
father may not be killed , although the wish to do so exists ; the boy may not marry his mother even though the [want] to do so is there .

The two acts which Oedipus committed , killing his father and having sexual intercourse with his mother , are forbidden in human societies because there is a strong desire to perform them both .
the two acts which oedipus committed , killing his father and having sexual intercourse with his mother , are forbidden in human societies because there is a strong [want] to perform them both .

The key factor for Freud is the prohibition on sexual desire , first set up by the father in the primal horde .
the key factor for freud is the prohibition on sexual [want] , first set up by the father in the primal horde .

These wishes concern the need for protection through love from a parent ; the need for relief from the feeling of helplessness which adults retain from their babyhood ; and the desire to see justice fulfilled , which is met by positing another , future , life .
these wishes concern the need for protection through love from a parent ; the need for relief from the feeling of helplessness which adults retain from their babyhood ; and the [want] to see justice fulfilled , which is met by positing another , future , life .

So the best way to begin to understand such a belief system would be in terms of the emotions and unconscious feelings involved ; in this case , the wish to live again in Hinduism , and in Buddhism the desire to return to the womb-like state — Nirvana .
so the best way to begin to understand such a belief system would be in terms of the emotions and unconscious feelings involved ; in this case , the wish to live again in hinduism , and in buddhism the [want] to return to the womb-like state — nirvana .

Profit commented : ‘ The desire to reach the summit , the anguish there would have been if we 'd come close but misses it , pushed us forward , despite our exhaustion .
profit commented : ‘ the [want] to reach the summit , the anguish there would have been if we 'd come close but misses it , pushed us forward , despite our exhaustion .

The most striking of these is Kurt 's desire to write an artistically-conceived and impressionistically structured literary masterpiece .
the most striking of these is kurt 's [want] to write an artistically-conceived and impressionistically structured literary masterpiece .

Their ability and desire to get an education and earn a living for themselves has been one of the most dramatic changes in recent years .
their ability and [want] to get an education and earn a living for themselves has been one of the most dramatic changes in recent years .

The policy of centralization and definition of royal rights adopted by the last Capetians exposed the incompatibility between the French insistence on the full rights of suzerainty and the English king 's desire for freedom of action for himself and his officials in the duchy .
the policy of centralization and definition of royal rights adopted by the last capetians exposed the incompatibility between the french insistence on the full rights of suzerainty and the english king 's [want] for freedom of action for himself and his officials in the duchy .

The desire of academics for publication will , however .
the [want] of academics for publication will , however .

Christine , 52 , decided to tell the world of her own experiences about two years ago , as much for therapeutic reasons as through a desire to reach those with similar horror stories to tell .
christine , 52 , decided to tell the world of her own experiences about two years ago , as much for therapeutic reasons as through a [want] to reach those with similar horror stories to tell .

Single parents off the dole queue have the same thwarted desire for waged work as their married sisters — a Woman 's Realm survey in the seventies found that 70 per cent of mothers full time at home would like a job , but had none because of the lack of childcare facilities .
single parents off the dole queue have the same thwarted [want] for waged work as their married sisters — a woman 's realm survey in the seventies found that 70 per cent of mothers full time at home would like a job , but had none because of the lack of childcare facilities .

Orwell epitomises it , he eroticises his `` black and naked `` and `` splendid `` men , but his elegy is punctuated by a brisk and brutal denial of desire in what his biographer , Bernard Crick , calls his `` aggressive heterosexuality `` .
orwell epitomises it , he eroticises his `` black and naked `` and `` splendid `` men , but his elegy is punctuated by a brisk and brutal denial of [want] in what his biographer , bernard crick , calls his `` aggressive heterosexuality `` .

The production of this review is largely driven by our desire to achieve this .
the production of this review is largely driven by our [want] to achieve this .

We have come through that transition , tough as it was with that unbeatable combination of enthusiasm , commitment , ability and unwavering desire for success .
we have come through that transition , tough as it was with that unbeatable combination of enthusiasm , commitment , ability and unwavering [want] for success .

The answer to this dilemma was simple yet effective and combined the desire to recognise exceptional achievement with the maintenance of the National Certificate 's philosophy .
the answer to this dilemma was simple yet effective and combined the [want] to recognise exceptional achievement with the maintenance of the national certificate 's philosophy .

His insatiable curiosity and desire for experiment had led to his election as a Fellow of the Royal Society .
his insatiable curiosity and [want] for experiment had led to his election as a fellow of the royal society .

Some people drink alcohol as much from habit as from desire .
some people drink alcohol as much from habit as from [want] .

If , however , a constructive total loss is paid then the damaged vessel would become the Corporation 's property , if we so desire and policy cover would cease .
if , however , a constructive total loss is paid then the damaged vessel would become the corporation 's property , if we so [want] and policy cover would cease .

However , the desire to provide an extensive training programme as soon as boards came into existence did rule out any early collaboration between provider and receiver .
however , the [want] to provide an extensive training programme as soon as boards came into existence did rule out any early collaboration between provider and receiver .

Despite a desire not to be acquired , it was four years later that the firm was bought by Robert White .
despite a [want] not to be acquired , it was four years later that the firm was bought by robert white .

However a rising priority for the Government was a rapid expansion of numbers , which combined happily with the increasing desire of people of all ages to boost their qualifications .
however a rising priority for the government was a rapid expansion of numbers , which combined happily with the increasing [want] of people of all ages to boost their qualifications .

About a third admitted to a desire for career enhancement .
about a third admitted to a [want] for career enhancement .

The number of people taking part in the sport was restricted by money , opportunity and desire .
the number of people taking part in the sport was restricted by money , opportunity and [want] .

Now there is no lack of opportunity , no less desire and the money — no longer a restricting factor — is now a motivating factor .
now there is no lack of opportunity , no less [want] and the money — no longer a restricting factor — is now a motivating factor .

Members from both sections have expressed a desire to hold a disco in the Village Hall .
members from both sections have expressed a [want] to hold a disco in the village hall .

Most dictionaries would describe it as a ‘ desire or tendency to escape from reality into fantasy ’ , and ‘ reality ’ is certainly a key word in this definition .
most dictionaries would describe it as a ‘ [want] or tendency to escape from reality into fantasy ’ , and ‘ reality ’ is certainly a key word in this definition .

The bird symbolising the yearning for freedom man has , his desire to pull himself up above and beyond the limits and discomforts of his own restricted world .
the bird symbolising the yearning for freedom man has , his [want] to pull himself up above and beyond the limits and discomforts of his own restricted world .

This is then the complete fall of the family unit as the two sisters grapple over an issue they believe to be , once more , love but it is merely desire for Edmund .
this is then the complete fall of the family unit as the two sisters grapple over an issue they believe to be , once more , love but it is merely [want] for edmund .

After quenching her desire to see and experience new things , she was going to ask her boss for a transfer and move to the nearest city , where the office had its headquarters .
after quenching her [want] to see and experience new things , she was going to ask her boss for a transfer and move to the nearest city , where the office had its headquarters .

She knew that it was n't desire for the acquisition of knowledge that drove him , but the programmed need to find the bomb .
she knew that it was n't [want] for the acquisition of knowledge that drove him , but the programmed need to find the bomb .

‘ The Reichsführer has expressed a desire to see you . ’
‘ the reichsführer has expressed a [want] to see you . ’

Steiner had an insane desire to laugh . The old man said , ‘ Is there anything you want to say to me ? Anything ? ’
steiner had an insane [want] to laugh . the old man said , ‘ is there anything you want to say to me ? anything ? ’

Lying in her palm , strained , weeping with desire , it had a definite bias to one side , a kink almost .
lying in her palm , strained , weeping with [want] , it had a definite bias to one side , a kink almost .

There was spite there , a desire to hurt , but it was not unmixed .
there was spite there , a [want] to hurt , but it was not unmixed .

Jessica , somehow , was enthralled as well as horrified — and swept by desire .
jessica , somehow , was enthralled as well as horrified — and swept by [want] .

In short , the phylogenetic basis of the id seems most definitely to be a set of basically egoistic and anti-social sexual and aggressive drives which cause all men to see each other as sexual rivals and which make sons desire the death of their fathers for possession of the mother and sisters .
in short , the phylogenetic basis of the id seems most definitely to be a set of basically egoistic and anti-social sexual and aggressive drives which cause all men to see each other as sexual rivals and which make sons [want] the death of their fathers for possession of the mother and sisters .

Instead of completely introjecting the mother and emasculating himself in his unconscious desire to be revenged on her , the believer can make do with an identification with a mythical son who has done just this ( the crucified Christ ) .
instead of completely introjecting the mother and emasculating himself in his unconscious [want] to be revenged on her , the believer can make do with an identification with a mythical son who has done just this ( the crucified christ ) .

We have already seen that depressive or manic responses may be shown to be related to the problem of the son 's relation to the mother and his contradictory desire to be devoted to her as the ideal mother of hunter-gatherer prehistory and yet to be free of her as the phallic , dominant mother of primal agriculture .
we have already seen that depressive or manic responses may be shown to be related to the problem of the son 's relation to the mother and his contradictory [want] to be devoted to her as the ideal mother of hunter-gatherer prehistory and yet to be free of her as the phallic , dominant mother of primal agriculture .

This is simply the modern individual equivalent of the psychoanalytic principle which holds that primal parricide was a consequence of a desire for incest with the mother .
this is simply the modern individual equivalent of the psychoanalytic principle which holds that primal parricide was a consequence of a [want] for incest with the mother .

Melting through kindness , flaming in desire ;
melting through kindness , flaming in [want] ;

It takes a crusading type like the Admiral to find out what 's going on and retain the desire to do something about it .
it takes a crusading type like the admiral to find out what 's going on and retain the [want] to do something about it .

Amiss had an almost overwhelming desire to cadge a cigarette in order to demonstrate solidarity , but he repressed it .
amiss had an almost overwhelming [want] to cadge a cigarette in order to demonstrate solidarity , but he repressed it .

‘ Sunil waxes eloquent on the desire of a lot of men in his community to keep their wives in perfect ignorance .
‘ sunil waxes eloquent on the [want] of a lot of men in his community to keep their wives in perfect ignorance .

Amiss wandered disconsolately out of the phone-booth , full of unanswered questions and a desire to be part of the action .
amiss wandered disconsolately out of the phone-booth , full of unanswered questions and a [want] to be part of the action .

He felt an overwhelming desire for a cigarette , but Ivy was a non-smoker and he had agreed not to smoke in the car .
he felt an overwhelming [want] for a cigarette , but ivy was a non-smoker and he had agreed not to smoke in the car .

Gabriel ignored Lucie 's obvious desire to be left alone , and took down the canvas bag from the nail behind the door . ‘ Is it right that monks can read ? All of them ? ’
gabriel ignored lucie 's obvious [want] to be left alone , and took down the canvas bag from the nail behind the door . ‘ is it right that monks can read ? all of them ? ’

As Selznick recognized , the desire to incorporate and absorb external opposition creates a dilemma for an organization that wishes to preserve its autonomy .
as selznick recognized , the [want] to incorporate and absorb external opposition creates a dilemma for an organization that wishes to preserve its autonomy .

Although the council might have been prepared to accept the Woodvilles ' present position , its desire for continuity would have made it unwilling to see Woodville influence extended .
although the council might have been prepared to accept the woodvilles ' present position , its [want] for continuity would have made it unwilling to see woodville influence extended .

One corollary of that desire was that , apart from the Woodville forfeitures , little patronage became available for redistribution .
one corollary of that [want] was that , apart from the woodville forfeitures , little patronage became available for redistribution .

Gloucester showed no desire to unleash a northern invasion of the south , although a few northerners did receive minor pickings there .
gloucester showed no [want] to unleash a northern invasion of the south , although a few northerners did receive minor pickings there .

Normal subjects experienced a range of sensations during inflation of a rectal balloon , starting with an initial perception at volumes of around 10 ml and ranging through sensations of wind and desire to defecate to pain when the inflation was stopped .
normal subjects experienced a range of sensations during inflation of a rectal balloon , starting with an initial perception at volumes of around 10 ml and ranging through sensations of wind and [want] to defecate to pain when the inflation was stopped .

Despite this , one still sees lay lords investing in land — there was no possible alternative — and the need to compensate for declining returns to maintain an existing standard of living may indeed explain some of the characteristic features of fifteenth-century society , the pursuit of heiresses , the search for the patronage of a greater man , particularly the King who could grant pensions and offices , and the desire to campaign overseas .
despite this , one still sees lay lords investing in land — there was no possible alternative — and the need to compensate for declining returns to maintain an existing standard of living may indeed explain some of the characteristic features of fifteenth-century society , the pursuit of heiresses , the search for the patronage of a greater man , particularly the king who could grant pensions and offices , and the [want] to campaign overseas .

Here , particularly in the destruction of manorial court rolls , which provided a record of the obligations owed to the lords of the manors , one sees the desire to be free of the legal burdens which were laid on peasant tenants .
here , particularly in the destruction of manorial court rolls , which provided a record of the obligations owed to the lords of the manors , one sees the [want] to be free of the legal burdens which were laid on peasant tenants .

Dobson argues convincingly that as the admission of freemen was controlled by the borough authorities , it is more probably that the increased number of admissions was prompted by their desire to spread the load of civic obligations , and to secure money from the payments made on entry to assist shaky borough finances .
dobson argues convincingly that as the admission of freemen was controlled by the borough authorities , it is more probably that the increased number of admissions was prompted by their [want] to spread the load of civic obligations , and to secure money from the payments made on entry to assist shaky borough finances .

If it is accepted that what motivates interest in redistributive impacts is a desire to be ‘ fair ’ , then the studies that are carried out using current measures of economic status may often by misleading .
if it is accepted that what motivates interest in redistributive impacts is a [want] to be ‘ fair ’ , then the studies that are carried out using current measures of economic status may often by misleading .

Alongside concerns about the benefits enjoyed from public sector provision and the structure of industry , there is also the desire to influence the pattern of expenditure in the economy .
alongside concerns about the benefits enjoyed from public sector provision and the structure of industry , there is also the [want] to influence the pattern of expenditure in the economy .

By the 1980s the increased labour force participation by women , combined with the desire for equity of married man and women , provided the spur to reform .
by the 1980s the increased labour force participation by women , combined with the [want] for equity of married man and women , provided the spur to reform .

Sandbags in the streets , gas-masks issued , ration books and evacuation procedures explained — all had induced a kind of mild hysteria , a desire to ‘ get up and at-'im ’ .
sandbags in the streets , gas-masks issued , ration books and evacuation procedures explained — all had induced a kind of mild hysteria , a [want] to ‘ get up and at-'im ’ .

He already had a contact in a Swedish woman who had expressed a desire to work with the British , who was studying at Dresden .
he already had a contact in a swedish woman who had expressed a [want] to work with the british , who was studying at dresden .

They lost their fight to prevent the war , but never their desire for peace .
they lost their fight to prevent the war , but never their [want] for peace .

Morse shook his head : ‘ It provokes the desire , but it takes away the performance . ’ ’
morse shook his head : ‘ it provokes the [want] , but it takes away the performance . ’ ’

These fields may be edited to reflect the new package references that you desire .
these fields may be edited to reflect the new package references that you [want] .

Sensual love-blimps , billowing out like hillocky , hummocky , water bottles of desire , bulging with hidden promise and a hint of , hmm , ignorance .
sensual love-blimps , billowing out like hillocky , hummocky , water bottles of [want] , bulging with hidden promise and a hint of , hmm , ignorance .

Perhaps not surprisingly , Cud feel their increasing popularity is due to the prevailing attitude of punters who desire a good night out rather than a drubbing from a band preaching a university thesis .
perhaps not surprisingly , cud feel their increasing popularity is due to the prevailing attitude of punters who [want] a good night out rather than a drubbing from a band preaching a university thesis .

Recounting the history of Bilmarsh farm , Gough observed : ‘ Nathaniell Reve had a desire to been tenant of this farme , because his grandfather and father had been tenants to it before ’ .
recounting the history of bilmarsh farm , gough observed : ‘ nathaniell reve had a [want] to been tenant of this farme , because his grandfather and father had been tenants to it before ’ .

Russia 's desire to maintain her status as a great power demanded a program of modernisation and rearmament .
russia 's [want] to maintain her status as a great power demanded a program of modernisation and rearmament .

During this phase the sexual instincts ( or libido ) of a boy cause the child to desire his mother .
during this phase the sexual instincts ( or libido ) of a boy cause the child to [want] his mother .

Participation and active citizenship therefore have a limited role due to the desire to preserve stability and the claims that it is unrealistic to have citizens active in decision-making ; ‘ the electoral mass is incapable of action other than stampede ’ .
participation and active citizenship therefore have a limited role due to the [want] to preserve stability and the claims that it is unrealistic to have citizens active in decision-making ; ‘ the electoral mass is incapable of action other than stampede ’ .

The couple 's interest in gardening began with the desire to grow fuchsias to fill a few pots and baskets . ``
the couple 's interest in gardening began with the [want] to grow fuchsias to fill a few pots and baskets . ``

During the beginning of the first set , Toni feeling the desire to communicate with the audience , commenced with the question , ’ How many of you took Ecstasy last year ?
during the beginning of the first set , toni feeling the [want] to communicate with the audience , commenced with the question , ’ how many of you took ecstasy last year ?

Margaux Hemingway is the fashion model who is raped by her kid sister 's music teacher in a brutal sequence that emphasises his desire to humiliate her .
margaux hemingway is the fashion model who is raped by her kid sister 's music teacher in a brutal sequence that emphasises his [want] to humiliate her .

Desire is psychological and it can not be amputated .
[want] is psychological and it can not be amputated .

Priority tasks include the development of a comprehensive seminar programme , combined activities with other bodies to offer management development programmes , conferences , etc , and to find ways to generate a desire amongst members to participate in some form of development activity each year , during their careers .
priority tasks include the development of a comprehensive seminar programme , combined activities with other bodies to offer management development programmes , conferences , etc , and to find ways to generate a [want] amongst members to participate in some form of development activity each year , during their careers .

The selection of the most appropriate structure will depend on the degree to which participants are prepared to commit themselves financially , their desire to retain ownership and the risks and obligations entailed .
the selection of the most appropriate structure will depend on the degree to which participants are prepared to commit themselves financially , their [want] to retain ownership and the risks and obligations entailed .

It is often desire to include a budget limit within the terms of reference , taking into account time and quality criteria .
it is often [want] to include a budget limit within the terms of reference , taking into account time and quality criteria .

Considerable problems have been raised through the desire of commercial companies and research establishments to patent products or processes , which they have developed , as it is difficult to define accurately the parameters of a biological process .
considerable problems have been raised through the [want] of commercial companies and research establishments to patent products or processes , which they have developed , as it is difficult to define accurately the parameters of a biological process .

If the person has been prepared for First Communion by being helped to develop a sense of belonging with others who believe , by being helped to develop a sense of the sacred , and by being helped to develop a sense of the presence of Jesus , and a desire to be in communion with Him and in communion with the others present , the experience of First Communion will be rich and powerful .
if the person has been prepared for first communion by being helped to develop a sense of belonging with others who believe , by being helped to develop a sense of the sacred , and by being helped to develop a sense of the presence of jesus , and a [want] to be in communion with him and in communion with the others present , the experience of first communion will be rich and powerful .

It is global and awakens desire .
it is global and awakens [want] .

Hungary expressed its desire to leave the alliance , while Czechoslovakia favoured retaining the Pact until the creation of a pan-European security system .
hungary expressed its [want] to leave the alliance , while czechoslovakia favoured retaining the pact until the creation of a pan-european security system .

Evidence of Taiwan 's desire to improve relationships with mainland China was also apparent in the government 's less than enthusiastic support for the activities of a propaganda radio ship Goddess of Democracy , sponsored by a French magazine and supported by a Paris-based group of Chinese exiles .
evidence of taiwan 's [want] to improve relationships with mainland china was also apparent in the government 's less than enthusiastic support for the activities of a propaganda radio ship goddess of democracy , sponsored by a french magazine and supported by a paris-based group of chinese exiles .

It was no longer possible , he said , to isolate `` Israeli aggression `` from the `` desire of American imperialism `` .
it was no longer possible , he said , to isolate `` israeli aggression `` from the `` [want] of american imperialism `` .

Rafsanjani 's desire to act on the hostage crisis was tied to domestic concerns .
rafsanjani 's [want] to act on the hostage crisis was tied to domestic concerns .

Aquino also stated that Marcos remained banned from the country on `` national interest and security grounds `` , despite her frequently stated desire to return so that she could bury her husband 's body in his native soil .
aquino also stated that marcos remained banned from the country on `` national interest and security grounds `` , despite her frequently stated [want] to return so that she could bury her husband 's body in his native soil .

Despite the summit 's deferral of direct aid , President Bush reaffirmed at the final press conference that the Group of Seven was united in its desire to help the Soviet Union , and that its decisions on this matter should be seen as `` positive `` .
despite the summit 's deferral of direct aid , president bush reaffirmed at the final press conference that the group of seven was united in its [want] to help the soviet union , and that its decisions on this matter should be seen as `` positive `` .

The `` regional policeman `` policy of Rajiv Gandhi during the last years of his administration was interpreted by many observers as part of a desire to strengthen India 's position as a regional superpower , despite the country 's avowed non-aligned policy .
the `` regional policeman `` policy of rajiv gandhi during the last years of his administration was interpreted by many observers as part of a [want] to strengthen india 's position as a regional superpower , despite the country 's avowed non-aligned policy .

Chamorro , who was due to take office for a six-year term on April 25 together with her Vice-President , Virgilio Godoy , asserted that there were `` no victors and no vanquished `` and that the elections showed the desire of Nicaraguans to live in democracy , peace and liberty .
chamorro , who was due to take office for a six-year term on april 25 together with her vice-president , virgilio godoy , asserted that there were `` no victors and no vanquished `` and that the elections showed the [want] of nicaraguans to live in democracy , peace and liberty .

What school-work can do , however , is help to arouse the desire for understanding .
what school-work can do , however , is help to arouse the [want] for understanding .

The Whig desire to promote the naturalisation of foreign immigrants , most of whom were petty tradesmen or artisans , was seen as a direct threat to the economic welfare of domestic producers .
the whig [want] to promote the naturalisation of foreign immigrants , most of whom were petty tradesmen or artisans , was seen as a direct threat to the economic welfare of domestic producers .

This is what we should be working towards when work is being shared : creating a desire to see other people 's work because it matters within the drama ; because everybody 's work affects everybody else 's in some way .
this is what we should be working towards when work is being shared : creating a [want] to see other people 's work because it matters within the drama ; because everybody 's work affects everybody else 's in some way .

It was conscious of Britain 's economic weaknesses and the public 's desire to concentrate on domestic problems .
it was conscious of britain 's economic weaknesses and the public 's [want] to concentrate on domestic problems .

The desire for defence economies also increased his desire to see a relaxation in East–West tensions .
the [want] for defence economies also increased his [want] to see a relaxation in east–west tensions .

As the Korean War eased , so the British became less and less sympathetic to the American desire to minimize East–West trade .
as the korean war eased , so the british became less and less sympathetic to the american [want] to minimize east–west trade .

Despite the Soviet ( and probably the Chinese ) desire to avoid a major crisis in the Far East , much bridge-building was undoubtedly necessary between East and West .
despite the soviet ( and probably the chinese ) [want] to avoid a major crisis in the far east , much bridge-building was undoubtedly necessary between east and west .

Eisenhower 's comments to reporters on the outcome at Geneva may hint at more than a desire to present a brave face to the world .
eisenhower 's comments to reporters on the outcome at geneva may hint at more than a [want] to present a brave face to the world .

Inevitably the approach of the presidential election contributed to the administration 's desire to postpone a crisis ( Dulles reminded Macmillan of this on 25 September ) .
inevitably the approach of the presidential election contributed to the administration 's [want] to postpone a crisis ( dulles reminded macmillan of this on 25 september ) .

Other policy-makers were similarly torn between the desire to stop the crisis and to avoid a lasting rift with the British .
other policy-makers were similarly torn between the [want] to stop the crisis and to avoid a lasting rift with the british .

In terms of his own objectives it was a diplomatic coup — even if the `` independent `` element was qualified in practice by the British desire to minimize the costs .
in terms of his own objectives it was a diplomatic coup — even if the `` independent `` element was qualified in practice by the british [want] to minimize the costs .

When negotiations with Honorius failed to bring rewards Athaulf showed both his anger and his desire to be associated with the Empire by marrying the emperor 's sister , Galla Placidia , who had been a captive since 410 .
when negotiations with honorius failed to bring rewards athaulf showed both his anger and his [want] to be associated with the empire by marrying the emperor 's sister , galla placidia , who had been a captive since 410 .

Gregory 's account of Clovis seems to be more concerned to create the image of a catholic king against whom his successors could be assessed , than with any desire to provide an accurate account of the reign .
gregory 's account of clovis seems to be more concerned to create the image of a catholic king against whom his successors could be assessed , than with any [want] to provide an accurate account of the reign .

Even Gregory did not associate Clovis 's campaign against Gundobad with Chlothild 's desire for vengeance .
even gregory did not associate clovis 's campaign against gundobad with chlothild 's [want] for vengeance .

When Gundovald first arrived in Gaul he apparently had an considerable quantity of treasure with him , which must suggest that he initially had the backing of the Byzantine emperor , whose concerns about the Lombards in Italy may well have stretched to a desire to see a close ally established in Francia .
when gundovald first arrived in gaul he apparently had an considerable quantity of treasure with him , which must suggest that he initially had the backing of the byzantine emperor , whose concerns about the lombards in italy may well have stretched to a [want] to see a close ally established in francia .

If the clearing banks ' balances are above target — that is , if the final clearing on the previous day left the clearers with balances at the Bank above those which they desire to keep in order to meet day-to-day requirements — then there will be a corresponding easing of the market 's cash position .
if the clearing banks ' balances are above target — that is , if the final clearing on the previous day left the clearers with balances at the bank above those which they [want] to keep in order to meet day-to-day requirements — then there will be a corresponding easing of the market 's cash position .

This technique may be used when the Bank is keen to produce a change in interest rates faster than that which could be obtained by waiting for bill offers to respond to an initial rejection of bids by the Bank : it was used more frequently in 1988 and 1989 , especially as a method of signalling the Bank 's desire to see higher short term interest rates .
this technique may be used when the bank is keen to produce a change in interest rates faster than that which could be obtained by waiting for bill offers to respond to an initial rejection of bids by the bank : it was used more frequently in 1988 and 1989 , especially as a method of signalling the bank 's [want] to see higher short term interest rates .

Neither of these reasons for creating assemblies at the district and provincial levels implied a desire to make them broadly representative or to give them much clout , but as the draft legislation passed through the upper reaches of the government keen reformers got their hands on it .
neither of these reasons for creating assemblies at the district and provincial levels implied a [want] to make them broadly representative or to give them much clout , but as the draft legislation passed through the upper reaches of the government keen reformers got their hands on it .

Admittedly , the draft legislation made provision for a more demanding sort of primary education in parts of the country which expressed a desire for it , but the likelihood of this superior version taking root was small in view of the poverty of the peasants who would have to pay for it .
admittedly , the draft legislation made provision for a more demanding sort of primary education in parts of the country which expressed a [want] for it , but the likelihood of this superior version taking root was small in view of the poverty of the peasants who would have to pay for it .

Recent experience suggests that these advantages of existing firms can only be offset if there is a large savings surplus in the home country , where entrants have strong relationships with investors and issuers , where there is a desire and ability to invest in euromarket instruments and/or a lower cost of capital , as is the case for Japanese firms .
recent experience suggests that these advantages of existing firms can only be offset if there is a large savings surplus in the home country , where entrants have strong relationships with investors and issuers , where there is a [want] and ability to invest in euromarket instruments and/or a lower cost of capital , as is the case for japanese firms .

But it remained true , as a very experienced commentator pointed out , that `` any man filled with an excessive desire of fortune or riches should abandon the calling of negotiator `` , while the most successful English diplomat of the eighteenth century claimed that after fourteen years in several highly important posts he found himself £20,000 worse off .
but it remained true , as a very experienced commentator pointed out , that `` any man filled with an excessive [want] of fortune or riches should abandon the calling of negotiator `` , while the most successful english diplomat of the eighteenth century claimed that after fourteen years in several highly important posts he found himself £20,000 worse off .

That nineteenth-century diplomatic services should have remained small and unambitious , confined until late in the century to traditional functions and with no desire to expand their horizons or the scope of their activities , is not surprising .
that nineteenth-century diplomatic services should have remained small and unambitious , confined until late in the century to traditional functions and with no [want] to expand their horizons or the scope of their activities , is not surprising .

But the states for which the nineteenth century had been a success story , Germany and still more Great Britain , showed little or nothing of the desire for officially-backed dissemination of their culture and advertisement of their intellectual achievements which was so noticeable in France .
but the states for which the nineteenth century had been a success story , germany and still more great britain , showed little or nothing of the [want] for officially-backed dissemination of their culture and advertisement of their intellectual achievements which was so noticeable in france .

It involves the completion of all partiality , the overcoming of all senses of alienation and it brings a fulfilment of desire for the good and the beautiful beyond the capacity of human understanding .
it involves the completion of all partiality , the overcoming of all senses of alienation and it brings a fulfilment of [want] for the good and the beautiful beyond the capacity of human understanding .

It can be taken for granted precisely because of the kind of literature with which lay people were already familiar and the liturgical practices which stimulated their desire for further instruction and participation in the practice of the faith .
it can be taken for granted precisely because of the kind of literature with which lay people were already familiar and the liturgical practices which stimulated their [want] for further instruction and participation in the practice of the faith .

Other outlets for lay piety which may have channelled that desire for corporate activity embodied in the European Beguinages were the lay fraternities of contemplative communities and the city guilds which provided both temporary contemplative retreats for those in active life , and active expressions of social concern which embodied the love of God .
other outlets for lay piety which may have channelled that [want] for corporate activity embodied in the european beguinages were the lay fraternities of contemplative communities and the city guilds which provided both temporary contemplative retreats for those in active life , and active expressions of social concern which embodied the love of god .

This desire to accommodate the life of the spirit in everyday activities is finely illustrated by the Latin instructions in a fifteenth-century manuscript as to how a devout layman should regulate his daily life , from his rising with all swiftness and signing himself with the cross , to his final return to bed when he must go to sleep in the uncertainty , salutary from a penitential , if not somnific , point of view , as to whether he will survive until the morrow .
this [want] to accommodate the life of the spirit in everyday activities is finely illustrated by the latin instructions in a fifteenth-century manuscript as to how a devout layman should regulate his daily life , from his rising with all swiftness and signing himself with the cross , to his final return to bed when he must go to sleep in the uncertainty , salutary from a penitential , if not somnific , point of view , as to whether he will survive until the morrow .

The enthusiasm of both Margery Kempe and Richard Rolle for adopting a life-style which would itself openly express a response to God 's love as revealed in the Incarnation and their desire to teach others of this , betrays a deeply felt response to Franciscan teaching ; while Walter Hilton 's beautifully structured account of the progress to essential human fulfilment as inward discovery of the reality of Christ incarnate dying to sin but rising in love , one in heart and mind with God , places Walter Hilton squarely in the tradition of the theology of the Augustinian friars .
the enthusiasm of both margery kempe and richard rolle for adopting a life-style which would itself openly express a response to god 's love as revealed in the incarnation and their [want] to teach others of this , betrays a deeply felt response to franciscan teaching ; while walter hilton 's beautifully structured account of the progress to essential human fulfilment as inward discovery of the reality of christ incarnate dying to sin but rising in love , one in heart and mind with god , places walter hilton squarely in the tradition of the theology of the augustinian friars .

In The Fire of Love he writes : Nowadays too many are consumed with a desire for knowledge rather than for love , so that they scarcely know what love is or what is its delight .
in the fire of love he writes : nowadays too many are consumed with a [want] for knowledge rather than for love , so that they scarcely know what love is or what is its delight .

It is characteristic of Rolle 's mystical theology , and it is the most extended and systematic of the English treatises , combining imaginative use of language and a relatively well-controlled intellectual structure to effect a psychological understanding of the desire for , and experiences of , the life of faith , and a taste of its nature .
it is characteristic of rolle 's mystical theology , and it is the most extended and systematic of the english treatises , combining imaginative use of language and a relatively well-controlled intellectual structure to effect a psychological understanding of the [want] for , and experiences of , the life of faith , and a taste of its nature .

Each concentrates on the means and ends , preparation for , and fulfilment of , spiritual life , the first part dealing with the self-regulation necessary to release the desire for God from all impediment ; the second dealing more directly with contemplative experience .
each concentrates on the means and ends , preparation for , and fulfilment of , spiritual life , the first part dealing with the self-regulation necessary to release the [want] for god from all impediment ; the second dealing more directly with contemplative experience .

The kindling that ignites the desire for knowledge of God into leaping flames rising `` ay upwarde , als fire , sekand heghest place in heven `` ( 4.95.1 ) is inner discipline .
the kindling that ignites the [want] for knowledge of god into leaping flames rising `` ay upwarde , als fire , sekand heghest place in heven `` ( 4.95.1 ) is inner discipline .

He says of the first degree that it happens when no other desire can divert love from God and `` all labyr is lyght to a lufar `` , signalling a vivid apprehension of the joy at the heart of the work of redemption .
he says of the first degree that it happens when no other [want] can divert love from god and `` all labyr is lyght to a lufar `` , signalling a vivid apprehension of the joy at the heart of the work of redemption .

This argument , however , is countered by drawing attention to the passage in Emendatio Vitae ( c.11 ) describing singular love : which shows that he conceived of an unlimited and thus , literally , unfulfilled desire for God .
this argument , however , is countered by drawing attention to the passage in emendatio vitae ( c.11 ) describing singular love : which shows that he conceived of an unlimited and thus , literally , unfulfilled [want] for god .

The tenth rhyming unit on thoght and brings together the Passion that started the meditation and the inner desire of the speaker , through the image of the wound of love which will impel the soul to God .
the tenth rhyming unit on thoght and brings together the passion that started the meditation and the inner [want] of the speaker , through the image of the wound of love which will impel the soul to god .

Certainly the ethos of an Augustinian priory with its stress on the expression of an inner religious faith in the active life of the community would have been sympathetic to the characteristic concern Hilton displays in his writing not just for professional religious but for all those , whether in active or enclosed life , who feel that their religious faith holds the secret of a dimension of fulfilment to which they desire access .
certainly the ethos of an augustinian priory with its stress on the expression of an inner religious faith in the active life of the community would have been sympathetic to the characteristic concern hilton displays in his writing not just for professional religious but for all those , whether in active or enclosed life , who feel that their religious faith holds the secret of a dimension of fulfilment to which they [want] access .

It first sets in a social and theological context the desire of the unknown nobleman to devote himself to God without the distractions that arise from involvement with secular responsibilities .
it first sets in a social and theological context the [want] of the unknown nobleman to devote himself to god without the distractions that arise from involvement with secular responsibilities .

It then argues that this very desire for God is God immanent in man 's being and shows how it may , in his particular case , come to inform all sides of his life which are reconciled as they are turned into fuel to feed the fire of love — itself lit in his desire for God .
it then argues that this very [want] for god is god immanent in man 's being and shows how it may , in his particular case , come to inform all sides of his life which are reconciled as they are turned into fuel to feed the fire of love — itself lit in his [want] for god .

Hilton addressed himself to the practical situation of his friend who felt himself torn by the demands of the active life impinging on his desire to pursue contemplation , and helps by showing that these two terms , so often used as opposites to refer to a manner of living , either as a professed religious or as a man of affairs , take their fundamental meaning from different inner conditions .
hilton addressed himself to the practical situation of his friend who felt himself torn by the demands of the active life impinging on his [want] to pursue contemplation , and helps by showing that these two terms , so often used as opposites to refer to a manner of living , either as a professed religious or as a man of affairs , take their fundamental meaning from different inner conditions .

He suggests that , rightly managed with a light heart , the demands of the active service of love will positively stimulate desire for contemplative perception — a rest in the recognition of the ground of all love .
he suggests that , rightly managed with a light heart , the demands of the active service of love will positively stimulate [want] for contemplative perception — a rest in the recognition of the ground of all love .

The disciplines of active life in the sense of worldly help to others , or the necessity for study , are to be like `` stikkes `` laid on the burning coal that represents man 's innate desire for God and needs to be nourished if it is to provide full light and heat ( 35 – 9.397 – 449 ) .
the disciplines of active life in the sense of worldly help to others , or the necessity for study , are to be like `` stikkes `` laid on the burning coal that represents man 's innate [want] for god and needs to be nourished if it is to provide full light and heat ( 35 – 9.397 – 449 ) .

Indeed this is the heart of Hilton 's argument for the validity of mixed life for the aspiring contemplative , for he says that this very desire , the burning coal which has to be thus nourished by a positive attitude to the demands of both active and contemplative life , is in fact God himself at the very ground of our being .
indeed this is the heart of hilton 's argument for the validity of mixed life for the aspiring contemplative , for he says that this very [want] , the burning coal which has to be thus nourished by a positive attitude to the demands of both active and contemplative life , is in fact god himself at the very ground of our being .

Here in Mixed Life , a text that must be seen in relation to Scale 1 and Scale 2 , Hilton adumbrates the same progress in chapter fourteen : Following Augustinian theology , he locates the very essence of Christian life in the continual sustained desire for God — the only way in this life to perceive the nature of the love which joins God and man 's soul .
here in mixed life , a text that must be seen in relation to scale 1 and scale 2 , hilton adumbrates the same progress in chapter fourteen : following augustinian theology , he locates the very essence of christian life in the continual sustained [want] for god — the only way in this life to perceive the nature of the love which joins god and man 's soul .

This desire should govern every aspect of living as desire for health dominates a sick man — it is the very mainspring of action , `` rote of al wirkynge `` ( 47.558 ) .
this [want] should govern every aspect of living as [want] for health dominates a sick man — it is the very mainspring of action , `` rote of al wirkynge `` ( 47.558 ) .

The lord has to learn how best to pace himself spiritually to allow this desire to integrate all his potential .
the lord has to learn how best to pace himself spiritually to allow this [want] to integrate all his potential .

The other image is of man cured of his sickness , delighting in the freedom of a state where knowledge and desire are fully answered in an experience of love .
the other image is of man cured of his sickness , delighting in the freedom of a state where knowledge and [want] are fully answered in an experience of love .

Theologically trained readers of his time would recognise a background of scholarly debate on whether it is primarily through man 's intellect or capacity to love , that the soul engages with God , and they would be able to acknowledge Hilton 's synthesis of understanding and desire .
theologically trained readers of his time would recognise a background of scholarly debate on whether it is primarily through man 's intellect or capacity to love , that the soul engages with god , and they would be able to acknowledge hilton 's synthesis of understanding and [want] .

Since she is illiterate , reading of the Bible is ruled out , but , in whatever activity she finds herself , she can pursue prayer and meditation in meekness , and faith in the teachings of the Church , and the same `` continuel desire to God `` that he advocated in Mixed Life ( 41.472 ) here stressed as an inner dynamic , where she is never idle `` bot alwey liftand up hert by desire to God and to blisse of heuen `` ( 22.296a .
since she is illiterate , reading of the bible is ruled out , but , in whatever activity she finds herself , she can pursue prayer and meditation in meekness , and faith in the teachings of the church , and the same `` continuel [want] to god `` that he advocated in mixed life ( 41.472 ) here stressed as an inner dynamic , where she is never idle `` bot alwey liftand up hert by [want] to god and to blisse of heuen `` ( 22.296a .

This is the object of his pupil 's desire , though at present she is like the man who and for this reason Such a staff is spoken prayer .
this is the object of his pupil 's [want] , though at present she is like the man who and for this reason such a staff is spoken prayer .

All she can do is to desire God , `` bot wirk as may and crie God mercie for ( 41.312a .
all she can do is to [want] god , `` bot wirk as may and crie god mercie for ( 41.312a .

Will `` is driven by love and desire and so is like the Holy Ghost .
will `` is driven by love and [want] and so is like the holy ghost .

– 114 ) in which God is not recognised and things which of their very nature can not fully satisfy desire become its object .
– 114 ) in which god is not recognised and things which of their very nature can not fully satisfy [want] become its object .

Although the image of the Trinity is distorted , its powers are not destroyed and this is the activity of God in the soul — the ability to understand what could be , and to desire it : But it is a question of `` so near and yet so far `` as Hilton adds that man is not near Christ or in him until he has actually found him .
although the image of the trinity is distorted , its powers are not destroyed and this is the activity of god in the soul — the ability to understand what could be , and to [want] it : but it is a question of `` so near and yet so far `` as hilton adds that man is not near christ or in him until he has actually found him .

It is the ground for the faith and effective action of all men , in whatever state of life , who desire the spiritual health that they know they lack .
it is the ground for the faith and effective action of all men , in whatever state of life , who [want] the spiritual health that they know they lack .

This desire , Hilton says , is the `` love of Iesu `` which is the ground of salvation whether or not man experiences the joy and love in the kind of illuminated understanding which is the special gift of the contemplative : Hilton spends some time at this stage of the book finding imaginative ways of pointing to the goal of contemplative discipline — the finding of Jesus who is lost in man 's soul as a treasure buried in a field ( c.49 ) but who also is a joy beyond all that desiring can encompass ( c.46 ) .
this [want] , hilton says , is the `` love of iesu `` which is the ground of salvation whether or not man experiences the joy and love in the kind of illuminated understanding which is the special gift of the contemplative : hilton spends some time at this stage of the book finding imaginative ways of pointing to the goal of contemplative discipline — the finding of jesus who is lost in man 's soul as a treasure buried in a field ( c.49 ) but who also is a joy beyond all that desiring can encompass ( c.46 ) .

The more she tries to fix her heart on God who is beyond all man can think and desire , the more she encounters an inner darkness which has `` of knowyng ne felyng of loue ne likyng `` ( 52.324b .
the more she tries to fix her heart on god who is beyond all man can think and [want] , the more she encounters an inner darkness which has `` of knowyng ne felyng of loue ne likyng `` ( 52.324b .

– 205 ) — is an aspect of the concern he expresses in Mixed Life for the importance of a `` continuel desire to God `` and in Scale 1 ( 22.295b .
– 205 ) — is an aspect of the concern he expresses in mixed life for the importance of a `` continuel [want] to god `` and in scale 1 ( 22.295b .

But one thing is common to all who follow the process of reforming in feeling : that is experience of the life of desire for God , freed from any earthly considerations , as an entry from the light of the world into a darkness in which things normally hidden from sight can gradually be discerned , and in which ultimately there grows a vision of a greater light .
but one thing is common to all who follow the process of reforming in feeling : that is experience of the life of [want] for god , freed from any earthly considerations , as an entry from the light of the world into a darkness in which things normally hidden from sight can gradually be discerned , and in which ultimately there grows a vision of a greater light .

These comments are not intended to challenge Hsu 's competence as a social anthropologist ( later on he was to become President of the American Anthropological Association ) , but to point up the fact that the understandable , and indeed laudable , desire on the part of some social anthropologists to study their own society is beset with hazards .
these comments are not intended to challenge hsu 's competence as a social anthropologist ( later on he was to become president of the american anthropological association ) , but to point up the fact that the understandable , and indeed laudable , [want] on the part of some social anthropologists to study their own society is beset with hazards .

Has the purchaser the desire , resources and ability to proceed with more than one acquisition concurrently ? If so , how many ?
has the purchaser the [want] , resources and ability to proceed with more than one acquisition concurrently ? if so , how many ?

There is usually a pressing desire of all parties to proceed as fast as possible so the solicitors are required to produce their draft agreement before they have received all the information requested or the accountants have completed due diligence .
there is usually a pressing [want] of all parties to proceed as fast as possible so the solicitors are required to produce their draft agreement before they have received all the information requested or the accountants have completed due diligence .

Because of these difficulties and the commercial desire that once a company is to be sold its sale should be completed as soon as possible , the parties usually try to have a simultaneous signing and completion .
because of these difficulties and the commercial [want] that once a company is to be sold its sale should be completed as soon as possible , the parties usually try to have a simultaneous signing and completion .

In certain cases ( eg the sale of a joint venture company owned by two groups ) there may be a strong desire on the part of the sellers for the liability to be several and proportionate .
in certain cases ( eg the sale of a joint venture company owned by two groups ) there may be a strong [want] on the part of the sellers for the liability to be several and proportionate .

[ Shareholder ] has expressed the desire to dispose of its interest since following its recent refocussing it no longer feels able to act as [ name ] partner in the [ specify ] markets .
[ shareholder ] has expressed the [want] to dispose of its interest since following its recent refocussing it no longer feels able to act as [ name ] partner in the [ specify ] markets .

He kept his breathing shallow , every breath was agony now , the desire to cough harder to suppress as he bled internally .
he kept his breathing shallow , every breath was agony now , the [want] to cough harder to suppress as he bled internally .

Instead , he felt only a strong desire to bring the whole thing to a finish … to do what he had come to do , risking life and limb in the process .
instead , he felt only a strong [want] to bring the whole thing to a finish … to do what he had come to do , risking life and limb in the process .

He suppressed a desire to call out her name .
he suppressed a [want] to call out her name .

Their only chance lay in the strength of the Oriental 's desire to kill him instead .
their only chance lay in the strength of the oriental 's [want] to kill him instead .

The strength of the desire to gain particular techniques is often reflected by the extent to which industrial espionage was resorted to .
the strength of the [want] to gain particular techniques is often reflected by the extent to which industrial espionage was resorted to .

Generally , it is thought that because they are disproportionately found in the hard to let properties , that they will have neither the means nor the desire to buy .
generally , it is thought that because they are disproportionately found in the hard to let properties , that they will have neither the means nor the [want] to buy .

‘ Some of their success in attracting savings may have been due to people 's desire to save rather than spend and they are well placed to fund mortgages for those now planning to buy homes .
‘ some of their success in attracting savings may have been due to people 's [want] to save rather than spend and they are well placed to fund mortgages for those now planning to buy homes .

The revelation had devastated him , eroding his confidence and his desire for her .
the revelation had devastated him , eroding his confidence and his [want] for her .

The founder 's desire is usually to hand on to his children a more prosperous business than he inherited , and under the latest provisions it will be extremely difficult to do so .
the founder 's [want] is usually to hand on to his children a more prosperous business than he inherited , and under the latest provisions it will be extremely difficult to do so .

Maybe it 's the hope that whenever you get there it will be populated with totally happy families , a Dad that is always helping Mum , and the parents giving the 2.2 children their every hearts desire .
maybe it 's the hope that whenever you get there it will be populated with totally happy families , a dad that is always helping mum , and the parents giving the 2.2 children their every hearts [want] .

Again , Ata ' i writes that Molla Khurram ( d. 970/1562–3 ) reached the 50-akce level at the Mehmed Pasa medrese in Sofya : then , as often as he sought a medrese in the he failed to obtain his desire ; and , of necessity becoming resigned to going out to the he became kadi in certain cities with 150 akce . ``
again , ata ' i writes that molla khurram ( d. 970/1562–3 ) reached the 50-akce level at the mehmed pasa medrese in sofya : then , as often as he sought a medrese in the he failed to obtain his [want] ; and , of necessity becoming resigned to going out to the he became kadi in certain cities with 150 akce . ``

Husameddin adds that an `` ostensible reason zahirde bir sebeb ) for his going may be found in his desire to meet with Shaykh Zayn al-Din Muhammad Khawafi ( Seyh Zeyneddin ) , who was then making his way toward the Hijaz from Khorasan .
husameddin adds that an `` ostensible reason zahirde bir sebeb ) for his going may be found in his [want] to meet with shaykh zayn al-din muhammad khawafi ( seyh zeyneddin ) , who was then making his way toward the hijaz from khorasan .

She had no particular desire to see either the hills or the quarries .
she had no particular [want] to see either the hills or the quarries .

She made him feel frightened , but as she lay down , eyes closed , on her side and facing him , something else in her , some frail , scavenging eroticism made him shake with desire .
she made him feel frightened , but as she lay down , eyes closed , on her side and facing him , something else in her , some frail , scavenging eroticism made him shake with [want] .

There was also a general desire to achieve a reasonable spread of changes across the grades in order to minimise the disruption of established hierarchies .
there was also a general [want] to achieve a reasonable spread of changes across the grades in order to minimise the disruption of established hierarchies .

And his desire had too much love in it , too much natural chivalry , to take what he knew to be advantage of a vulnerable moment .
and his [want] had too much love in it , too much natural chivalry , to take what he knew to be advantage of a vulnerable moment .

Which was more than she could say for Uriah Colclough , a spare , already balding man in his mid-thirties who , having been torn all his life between a religious vocation and a natural Colclough desire to make money , lived like an industrialist but dressed like a vicar .
which was more than she could say for uriah colclough , a spare , already balding man in his mid-thirties who , having been torn all his life between a religious vocation and a natural colclough [want] to make money , lived like an industrialist but dressed like a vicar .

In her opinion too , although she had no idea how other men behaved , nor any way of measuring the depth of Tristan 's desire for her ; whether it came easily and naturally to him , as any stallion would mount any mare , or whether it required a degree of effort he chose to conceal .
in her opinion too , although she had no idea how other men behaved , nor any way of measuring the depth of tristan 's [want] for her ; whether it came easily and naturally to him , as any stallion would mount any mare , or whether it required a degree of effort he chose to conceal .

And she hoped he had answered freely , fortuitously , and had found his heart 's desire at the end of the road .
and she hoped he had answered freely , fortuitously , and had found his heart 's [want] at the end of the road .

While as for herself , surely she already possessed as much as it would be sensible for her to desire ? And she had always set great store by common sense .
while as for herself , surely she already possessed as much as it would be sensible for her to [want] ? and she had always set great store by common sense .

Eva 's desire to communicate the gospel was given plenty of outlets .
eva 's [want] to communicate the gospel was given plenty of outlets .

She knew only the cream would have been able to get to Teacher Training College in the first place , and so many shared her desire and enthusiasm for education .
she knew only the cream would have been able to get to teacher training college in the first place , and so many shared her [want] and enthusiasm for education .

He had made no attempt to kiss her again — in fact , he seemed deliberately to avoid getting too close to her at all . But occasionally , when her guard slipped and she allowed her eyes to meet his , she saw in his gaze the mingled hostility and desire which reflected all too accurately her own conflicting emotions
he had made no attempt to kiss her again — in fact , he seemed deliberately to avoid getting too close to her at all . but occasionally , when her guard slipped and she allowed her eyes to meet his , she saw in his gaze the mingled hostility and [want] which reflected all too accurately her own conflicting emotions

She longed to give in to the desire in his eyes and her own body 's urging .
she longed to give in to the [want] in his eyes and her own body 's urging .

But as it receded , and she became increasingly aware of the strength of Nathan 's desire for her , the urgent hunger in his kisses , her fear became overwhelming .
but as it receded , and she became increasingly aware of the strength of nathan 's [want] for her , the urgent hunger in his kisses , her fear became overwhelming .

Nathan 's persistent questioning indicated a desire to know more about her .
nathan 's persistent questioning indicated a [want] to know more about her .

Aunt Tossie had a faint dribble of desire at the corners of her mouth when , at length , she laid down the slate pencil and rose from her chair to face Mrs Geary , her companion in what was to be an immortal triumph : its finale that most acceptable of puddings before diets and regimens were conceived : a really beautiful Trifle .
aunt tossie had a faint dribble of [want] at the corners of her mouth when , at length , she laid down the slate pencil and rose from her chair to face mrs geary , her companion in what was to be an immortal triumph : its finale that most acceptable of puddings before diets and regimens were conceived : a really beautiful trifle .

They bridge the gap between the desire of lenders to be able to get their money back quickly , and the desire of borrowers to borrow for a long period .
they bridge the gap between the [want] of lenders to be able to get their money back quickly , and the [want] of borrowers to borrow for a long period .

His eyes had darkened with desire , but there was bafflement there , too .
his eyes had darkened with [want] , but there was bafflement there , too .

Merrill 's inner sensors caught the onslaught , and her heart lurched , tipping her back into the treacherous quicksands of desire and suspicion .
merrill 's inner sensors caught the onslaught , and her heart lurched , tipping her back into the treacherous quicksands of [want] and suspicion .

And all the sensations he had aroused tonight , and in Bruges , flooded back , drowning everything but Merrill 's own desire .
and all the sensations he had aroused tonight , and in bruges , flooded back , drowning everything but merrill 's own [want] .

When he lifted his head , she saw that his eyes were dark with desire .
when he lifted his head , she saw that his eyes were dark with [want] .

’ He was gazing at her unblinkingly , his eyes darkened by desire , but she sensed that the old anger was surfacing again .
’ he was gazing at her unblinkingly , his eyes darkened by [want] , but she sensed that the old anger was surfacing again .

You set off in a strong boat with keen crew , but your ship is dashed upon the rocks off The Isle of the Crown , and the adventure starts with your hero having been washed up on the beach of that isle and with a firm desire to seek out his long lost love …
you set off in a strong boat with keen crew , but your ship is dashed upon the rocks off the isle of the crown , and the adventure starts with your hero having been washed up on the beach of that isle and with a firm [want] to seek out his long lost love …

What 's more , the toolbox will change automatically as you switch between programs , should you so desire , to load the right set of buttons for the application you 're in .
what 's more , the toolbox will change automatically as you switch between programs , should you so [want] , to load the right set of buttons for the application you 're in .

Microsoft , of course , is not alone in this desire .
microsoft , of course , is not alone in this [want] .

Everyone felt a desire to go out , even if only for a moment , to feel the pleasure of walking in a foreign city at night .
everyone felt a [want] to go out , even if only for a moment , to feel the pleasure of walking in a foreign city at night .

She would n't do it — would n't allow him to railroad her into something she had absolutely no desire for .
she would n't do it — would n't allow him to railroad her into something she had absolutely no [want] for .

For a long moment she gazed back at him , feeling an inexplicable and totally uncharacteristic desire to do just that .
for a long moment she gazed back at him , feeling an inexplicable and totally uncharacteristic [want] to do just that .

For the first time she began to wonder if she 'd been foolhardy — no matter how strong her desire to get away , she should n't have put her own safety at risk .
for the first time she began to wonder if she 'd been foolhardy — no matter how strong her [want] to get away , she should n't have put her own safety at risk .

How could she , of all people , have come so perilously close to being swept away by desire ?
how could she , of all people , have come so perilously close to being swept away by [want] ?

But it had n't simply been desire , she acknowledged painfully — desire she could have handled .
but it had n't simply been [want] , she acknowledged painfully — [want] she could have handled .

With an effort she kept her eyes away from Dane , knowing she could n't bear to see answering desire for Marianne in his face .
with an effort she kept her eyes away from dane , knowing she could n't bear to see answering [want] for marianne in his face .

‘ They feel and display desire — lust , even .
‘ they feel and display [want] — lust , even .

And God did n't make little green apples , she thought , feeling an almost hysterical desire to laugh , though the situation was anything but amusing .
and god did n't make little green apples , she thought , feeling an almost hysterical [want] to laugh , though the situation was anything but amusing .

She was powerless to resist him , helpless against the torrent of passion building up within her as his questing fingers slid relentlessly towards the very centre of her desire .
she was powerless to resist him , helpless against the torrent of passion building up within her as his questing fingers slid relentlessly towards the very centre of her [want] .

Perhaps after tonight Marianne would have her desire fulfilled .
perhaps after tonight marianne would have her [want] fulfilled .

For perhaps the first time in her life there was no feeling of restlessness deep in her soul , no desire to be somewhere else .
for perhaps the first time in her life there was no feeling of restlessness deep in her soul , no [want] to be somewhere else .

He shifted slightly , the hard thrust of his hips angled into hers , and a shameful excitement rippled through her body , a swift , unbidden flame of desire throbbing into every crevice of her being .
he shifted slightly , the hard thrust of his hips angled into hers , and a shameful excitement rippled through her body , a swift , unbidden flame of [want] throbbing into every crevice of her being .

Now he was driven by a sensual hunger , a desire to satisfy a deep and powerful instinct that she had no strength , no will to fight .
now he was driven by a sensual hunger , a [want] to satisfy a deep and powerful instinct that she had no strength , no will to fight .

Was there anything more than desire in his quest of her ?
was there anything more than [want] in his quest of her ?

He kissed her again , testing the quivering softness of her response , until she yielded helplessly to the unhurried persuasion of his mouth , her lips clinging with aching , bitter-sweet desire .
he kissed her again , testing the quivering softness of her response , until she yielded helplessly to the unhurried persuasion of his mouth , her lips clinging with aching , bitter-sweet [want] .

‘ Wanting , moulding me to your desire , getting rid of a hunger that will be gone by nightfall .
‘ wanting , moulding me to your [want] , getting rid of a hunger that will be gone by nightfall .

Was it only a desire for conquest ?
was it only a [want] for conquest ?

She wanted it so badly , the longing was a fierce , pulsing desire that surged deep within her .
she wanted it so badly , the longing was a fierce , pulsing [want] that surged deep within her .

’ she asked with cool cynicism , fighting down a wild desire to laugh hysterically .
’ she asked with cool cynicism , fighting down a wild [want] to laugh hysterically .

She was drowning in sensory pleasure as his mouth moved from hers to place its erotic touch on her eyelids , her temples , followed the high line of her sculptured cheekbone , every movement speaking of his possessive need , his mounting passion , his overriding desire to invade and conquer her .
she was drowning in sensory pleasure as his mouth moved from hers to place its erotic touch on her eyelids , her temples , followed the high line of her sculptured cheekbone , every movement speaking of his possessive need , his mounting passion , his overriding [want] to invade and conquer her .

Somewhere on another plane of existence she knew that he was pacing himself , tuning himself to her slower needs : that his tiny muted cries of painful frustration were evidence of his consideration as he aroused her to an aching , trembling plateau of desire .
somewhere on another plane of existence she knew that he was pacing himself , tuning himself to her slower needs : that his tiny muted cries of painful frustration were evidence of his consideration as he aroused her to an aching , trembling plateau of [want] .

No matter that she had n't understood the broken phrases gasped from Rune 's lips as he had devoured her with his kisses ; she knew instinctively that they had been an expression of his desire for her in that sweet moment of culmination .
no matter that she had n't understood the broken phrases gasped from rune 's lips as he had devoured her with his kisses ; she knew instinctively that they had been an expression of his [want] for her in that sweet moment of culmination .

Did Rune , despite his disclaimers , feel more for Lotta than mere desire as the other girl had claimed ?
did rune , despite his disclaimers , feel more for lotta than mere [want] as the other girl had claimed ?

It was all there in his eyes as they assessed her confusion — awareness , desire and worst of all a confident masculine knowledge of his own sexual power and her susceptibility to it .
it was all there in his eyes as they assessed her confusion — awareness , [want] and worst of all a confident masculine knowledge of his own sexual power and her susceptibility to it .

In the heady fire of consummation Gina knew that the aching loneliness which had dogged her throughout her life was finally ended , her own desire rising to match Rune 's as their mutual need drowned them in the remorselessly rising tide of satisfaction .
in the heady fire of consummation gina knew that the aching loneliness which had dogged her throughout her life was finally ended , her own [want] rising to match rune 's as their mutual need drowned them in the remorselessly rising tide of satisfaction .

The other displays painterly ‘ high art ’ tendencies such as a desire for sensual enjoyment through the visual and a positive weighting of compositional ‘ idea ’ over the notion of documentation .
the other displays painterly ‘ high art ’ tendencies such as a [want] for sensual enjoyment through the visual and a positive weighting of compositional ‘ idea ’ over the notion of documentation .

All that can be surmised of the apparently endless demand for Cooper 's paintings beyond an obvious urban desire for a monolithic , idyllically produced rural peace , is that his reception gives evidence of a constant market , particularly an urban market , for well produced animal painting .
all that can be surmised of the apparently endless demand for cooper 's paintings beyond an obvious urban [want] for a monolithic , idyllically produced rural peace , is that his reception gives evidence of a constant market , particularly an urban market , for well produced animal painting .

Lijn 's desire to merge or melt the difference between the visual and aural senses came at a time when many artists were wishing to anticipate a more holistic view of art .
lijn 's [want] to merge or melt the difference between the visual and aural senses came at a time when many artists were wishing to anticipate a more holistic view of art .

There is a desire for minimal time interval between cessation and treatment .
there is a [want] for minimal time interval between cessation and treatment .

We desire to finish with galactic war for ever .
we [want] to finish with galactic war for ever .

‘ Is to desire change a disease in your eyes ? ’
‘ is to [want] change a disease in your eyes ? ’

‘ You do n't desire change .
‘ you do n't [want] change .

You desire power .
you [want] power .

This , like the other changes , is driven by the desire to keep Bristol as a place of excellence with a high and growing reputation in Europe and other parts of the world .
this , like the other changes , is driven by the [want] to keep bristol as a place of excellence with a high and growing reputation in europe and other parts of the world .

For example , choices may be driven by a search strategy with the user seeking a particular item of information or instead may be an unstructured , browsing investigation , as much a reflection of the user 's curiosity as a desire to locate anything particular .
for example , choices may be driven by a search strategy with the user seeking a particular item of information or instead may be an unstructured , browsing investigation , as much a reflection of the user 's curiosity as a [want] to locate anything particular .

Simulation of geographical systems is not necessarily motivated by considerations of cost or avoidance of hazard , but more by the desire to experiment on systems that are either too slow-acting relative to the human life-span or which present ethical problems to the would-be experimenter .
simulation of geographical systems is not necessarily motivated by considerations of cost or avoidance of hazard , but more by the [want] to experiment on systems that are either too slow-acting relative to the human life-span or which present ethical problems to the would-be experimenter .

Dangerfield felt a deep desire to rest his head and just let the enemy go by .
dangerfield felt a deep [want] to rest his head and just let the enemy go by .

He knew it , she thought , the moment he entered the room and sought his stepfather 's face , although he greeted Thorfinn , clearly , with light affection as he always did , and Thorfinn , distanced now from the moment 's irritation , showed no desire to hector him .
he knew it , she thought , the moment he entered the room and sought his stepfather 's face , although he greeted thorfinn , clearly , with light affection as he always did , and thorfinn , distanced now from the moment 's irritation , showed no [want] to hector him .

This little band are know as the Medieval Heritage Society , a re-enactment group with a strange desire to give people a glimpse of life in the 1450 's .
this little band are know as the medieval heritage society , a re-enactment group with a strange [want] to give people a glimpse of life in the 1450 's .

The woodcuts are only a few inches square , and defy the artists ' desire for detail and extravagance .
the woodcuts are only a few inches square , and defy the artists ' [want] for detail and extravagance .

Gould had only a couple of weeks to spare here ( he had been delayed a week in Maitland on the lower reaches of the Hunter while he waited to meet up with Stephen Coxen ) , having promised Eliza to forsake his desire to continue collecting , and to return in time for the delivery of their child .
gould had only a couple of weeks to spare here ( he had been delayed a week in maitland on the lower reaches of the hunter while he waited to meet up with stephen coxen ) , having promised eliza to forsake his [want] to continue collecting , and to return in time for the delivery of their child .

Gould was torn between the need to preserve his specimens and the desire to keep them a secret .
gould was torn between the need to preserve his specimens and the [want] to keep them a secret .

‘ As may be supposed ’ , he wrote , ‘ the sight of a bird of such beauty , which , moreover , was entirely new to me , excited so strong a desire to possess it that scarcely a moment elapsed before it was dead and in my hand .
‘ as may be supposed ’ , he wrote , ‘ the sight of a bird of such beauty , which , moreover , was entirely new to me , excited so strong a [want] to possess it that scarcely a moment elapsed before it was dead and in my hand .

Whether this was initially due to the economic activity centred on it , such as shipping , or an Iranian desire to intimidate the inhabitants was never clear .
whether this was initially due to the economic activity centred on it , such as shipping , or an iranian [want] to intimidate the inhabitants was never clear .

The problem arises primarily from the desire to treat all participants similarly .
the problem arises primarily from the [want] to treat all participants similarly .

Partly due to their systematic exclusion , but also as a matter of choice , feminist artists increasingly preferred to display their work in settings they considered more appropriate to their desire to participate in the more public/political debates of feminism and a recognition of art as a communicative medium .
partly due to their systematic exclusion , but also as a matter of choice , feminist artists increasingly preferred to display their work in settings they considered more appropriate to their [want] to participate in the more public/political debates of feminism and a recognition of art as a communicative medium .

Yet this portrait of women is incoherent and Walker 's great desire to liberate and celebrate women is compromised by her appropriation of patriarchal perspectives that ultimately constrict this freedom .
yet this portrait of women is incoherent and walker 's great [want] to liberate and celebrate women is compromised by her appropriation of patriarchal perspectives that ultimately constrict this freedom .

It is my assertion that the answer lies as much with her desire to be recognised as a ‘ Great Artist ’ on the same terms as any male artist , as it does with her probable lesbianism .
it is my assertion that the answer lies as much with her [want] to be recognised as a ‘ great artist ’ on the same terms as any male artist , as it does with her probable lesbianism .

An evident interest , shared by many of the group members , is the desire to explore the pleasures of paint coupled with an sensual delight in the decorative aspects of design — be it the tangible substance and glowing colours of woven , embroidered and printed textiles , or the flowing line of a fashion garment , or the presence of domestic artefacts .
an evident interest , shared by many of the group members , is the [want] to explore the pleasures of paint coupled with an sensual delight in the decorative aspects of design — be it the tangible substance and glowing colours of woven , embroidered and printed textiles , or the flowing line of a fashion garment , or the presence of domestic artefacts .

Underpinning the desire for a popular reappraisal of Degas ' modernist status as genius is a justified desire for academic recognition of the developments and achievements of feminist art history .
underpinning the [want] for a popular reappraisal of degas ' modernist status as genius is a justified [want] for academic recognition of the developments and achievements of feminist art history .

it is an artists ' book of the first order , the making of which has been managed from beginning to end by the artist herself , thereby satisfying her desire for creative control over every aspect of its production .
it is an artists ' book of the first order , the making of which has been managed from beginning to end by the artist herself , thereby satisfying her [want] for creative control over every aspect of its production .

This peculiarly English design was evolved from the desire for a vault which would accommodate ribs of different curves as they sprang from the capital .
this peculiarly english design was evolved from the [want] for a vault which would accommodate ribs of different curves as they sprang from the capital .

The fact was that , now that Maisie was about as closely concealed from daylight as a roll of undeveloped film , his desire for her had passed the point where it was possible to conceal it .
the fact was that , now that maisie was about as closely concealed from daylight as a roll of undeveloped film , his [want] for her had passed the point where it was possible to conceal it .

He learned about world events rather as a Trobriand Islander might — from chance remarks and accidental contacts — and , from the little he had heard , he had not much desire to know more .
he learned about world events rather as a trobriand islander might — from chance remarks and accidental contacts — and , from the little he had heard , he had not much [want] to know more .

He felt a stab of desire for her once again , but , this time , did not try to put it into words .
he felt a stab of [want] for her once again , but , this time , did not try to put it into words .

The desire to stay alive was what Robert wanted to say , but did n't .
the [want] to stay alive was what robert wanted to say , but did n't .

For the young women , many of whom were ‘ set adrift in a money-mad city life ’ , the taxi dance hall fulfilled a basic desire for social recognition .
for the young women , many of whom were ‘ set adrift in a money-mad city life ’ , the taxi dance hall fulfilled a basic [want] for social recognition .

It is not possible to explain the vast structure of institutions to which we assign the name of property as the expression , the means of satisfaction , of man 's desire for physical objects .
it is not possible to explain the vast structure of institutions to which we assign the name of property as the expression , the means of satisfaction , of man 's [want] for physical objects .

Perhaps even more significantly , ‘ 56 per cent of women and 57 per cent of men said they had no desire to go out any more than they already do ’ .
perhaps even more significantly , ‘ 56 per cent of women and 57 per cent of men said they had no [want] to go out any more than they already do ’ .

Agnes absorbed that and found that she believed it : Mo had been thirty years in intelligence work which trains up a determination not to know some things quite as strong as the desire to know others . ‘ And Tatham got himself killed in Italy — what ? four five years ago ? ’
agnes absorbed that and found that she believed it : mo had been thirty years in intelligence work which trains up a determination not to know some things quite as strong as the [want] to know others . ‘ and tatham got himself killed in italy — what ? four five years ago ? ’

He recalled the desire for leisure which even the most serious and industrious of workers experienced after a period of constant application , impelling them to `` indulge in idleness `` .
he recalled the [want] for leisure which even the most serious and industrious of workers experienced after a period of constant application , impelling them to `` indulge in idleness `` .

The appliance manufacturers , the frozen food kings , the canners and food merchants exploited to the hilt the female desire to get out of the kitchen just as quickly as possible .
the appliance manufacturers , the frozen food kings , the canners and food merchants exploited to the hilt the female [want] to get out of the kitchen just as quickly as possible .

He was after all like every other member of his sex — merely a man with a man 's desire to dominate .
he was after all like every other member of his sex — merely a man with a man 's [want] to dominate .

Maggie had the greatest desire to answer in Spanish and confound him , but in the first place she was n't exactly up to it , and secondly she was keeping it under her hat .
maggie had the greatest [want] to answer in spanish and confound him , but in the first place she was n't exactly up to it , and secondly she was keeping it under her hat .

She was beginning to understand Felipe 's desire not to let Ana out of his sight — the same protective urge was in her too .
she was beginning to understand felipe 's [want] not to let ana out of his sight — the same protective urge was in her too .

It is a deep-seated desire that lingers from long ago .
it is a deep-seated [want] that lingers from long ago .

You are back in that cloud of desire .
you are back in that cloud of [want] .

She arched against him with a wantonness she was completely unaware of and his voice was thick with desire as he whispered against her ear .
she arched against him with a wantonness she was completely unaware of and his voice was thick with [want] as he whispered against her ear .

She knew now how much she loved him and with Felipe it was all desire .
she knew now how much she loved him and with felipe it was all [want] .

There was nothing unpleasant about it , as she knew quite well , but it brought Maggie out of the renewed clouds of desire .
there was nothing unpleasant about it , as she knew quite well , but it brought maggie out of the renewed clouds of [want] .

‘ Stay with me , ’ Maggie said without any thought at all , just with a great desire to be able to be near him .
‘ stay with me , ’ maggie said without any thought at all , just with a great [want] to be able to be near him .

For Felipe it was just desire after all .
for felipe it was just [want] after all .

His hand brushed aside the long , thick hair , his lips beginning to move over her tender nape , and Maggie gave a small whimper of desire , melting against him .
his hand brushed aside the long , thick hair , his lips beginning to move over her tender nape , and maggie gave a small whimper of [want] , melting against him .

Less than a week later , an opportunity to assuage her desire for knowledge presented itself .
less than a week later , an opportunity to assuage her [want] for knowledge presented itself .

He might desire her — he did desire her — but he would not marry her only for that !
he might [want] her — he did [want] her — but he would not marry her only for that !

Only stood staring , unaware of the mix of emotions in his face : double fire in his eyes — anger and desire both ; the sneer on his lips that was almost a smile ; and the still-present evidence of his recent excesses — a pallid complexion and the darker skin beneath his eyes , the deeper carved lines down to his mouth .
only stood staring , unaware of the mix of emotions in his face : double fire in his eyes — anger and [want] both ; the sneer on his lips that was almost a smile ; and the still-present evidence of his recent excesses — a pallid complexion and the darker skin beneath his eyes , the deeper carved lines down to his mouth .

She had never thought that her hair stood for anything other than passion and desire to Benedict .
she had never thought that her hair stood for anything other than passion and [want] to benedict .

The phone call eased the torment of desire a little .
the phone call eased the torment of [want] a little .

Wendy betrayed by Rhoda 's desire for Ken : betrayed by the author of her own being : no wonder she had faded out of the world so quietly and gently and quickly , as if understanding it were better she had never been born .
wendy betrayed by rhoda 's [want] for ken : betrayed by the author of her own being : no wonder she had faded out of the world so quietly and gently and quickly , as if understanding it were better she had never been born .

She glared at him , muttered dark threats and struggled with the desire to kick and scream like a spoiled child .
she glared at him , muttered dark threats and struggled with the [want] to kick and scream like a spoiled child .

Luke 's mouth descended then and took hers and Robyn felt the surge of hidden desire increasing , expanding , until she ached with the pleasure of it .
luke 's mouth descended then and took hers and robyn felt the surge of hidden [want] increasing , expanding , until she ached with the pleasure of it .

The sorrow , the loneliness , the confusion disappeared with the taste of his lips on hers , with the hunger that communicated through his kiss , so that she burned with a desire unlike anything she had ever felt before .
the sorrow , the loneliness , the confusion disappeared with the taste of his lips on hers , with the hunger that communicated through his kiss , so that she burned with a [want] unlike anything she had ever felt before .

Her fingers positively itched with the overwhelming desire to see his arrogant face transformed by a slap .
her fingers positively itched with the overwhelming [want] to see his arrogant face transformed by a slap .

What word would she use , Robyn wondered , if she was forced to complete the question ? Desperate ? Unstable ? Suicidal ? She ran a shaking hand through her soft curls and forced a smile , even though her face felt as if it would crack with the effort . She had the sudden awful desire to yell at Anne , to deny everything she was trying to say ; but how could she , when in truth she had felt at times every one of those things ?
what word would she use , robyn wondered , if she was forced to complete the question ? desperate ? unstable ? suicidal ? she ran a shaking hand through her soft curls and forced a smile , even though her face felt as if it would crack with the effort . she had the sudden awful [want] to yell at anne , to deny everything she was trying to say ; but how could she , when in truth she had felt at times every one of those things ?

She did n't go out in the evenings at all , feeling , in truth , no desire to see Mark 's old friends after her last disastrous escapade .
she did n't go out in the evenings at all , feeling , in truth , no [want] to see mark 's old friends after her last disastrous escapade .

He came into the kitchen after a few moments and she turned away , wandering to the far side to get away from him , battling with the sudden incredible desire to break down and sob like a little girl who had done the wrong thing yet again .
he came into the kitchen after a few moments and she turned away , wandering to the far side to get away from him , battling with the sudden incredible [want] to break down and sob like a little girl who had done the wrong thing yet again .

To look across and see that gorgeous smile , find those brilliant eyes burning at you with desire and love , instead of derision and mockery .
to look across and see that gorgeous smile , find those brilliant eyes burning at you with [want] and love , instead of derision and mockery .

He kept her waiting , pushing her desire to the limits , enjoying the torment , the agony that was surely written all over her face .
he kept her waiting , pushing her [want] to the limits , enjoying the torment , the agony that was surely written all over her face .

Robyn wandered outside , alone with her thoughts and her anger for another hour , until hunger and a curious desire to see Luke again drove her back indoors .
robyn wandered outside , alone with her thoughts and her anger for another hour , until hunger and a curious [want] to see luke again drove her back indoors .

She listened for the first time in ages , pouring herself another glass of wine , knowing she was drinking a little too much , but doing it out of a desire to annoy Luke .
she listened for the first time in ages , pouring herself another glass of wine , knowing she was drinking a little too much , but doing it out of a [want] to annoy luke .

The time for comfort had passed , the innocent desire to be held safe and sure within his arms was gone .
the time for comfort had passed , the innocent [want] to be held safe and sure within his arms was gone .

Desire was overtaking fear and sorrow .
[want] was overtaking fear and sorrow .

He glared down at her for eternal seconds and then his mouth descended and Robyn felt the anger and fire , still there , but focused this time in the searing heat of his kiss , the grip of his embrace , the rough glory as his hands roamed her body , conjuring desire and need out of nowhere , moulding her to him , showing Robyn just how much she wanted him , how much he desired her .
he glared down at her for eternal seconds and then his mouth descended and robyn felt the anger and fire , still there , but focused this time in the searing heat of his kiss , the grip of his embrace , the rough glory as his hands roamed her body , conjuring [want] and need out of nowhere , moulding her to him , showing robyn just how much she wanted him , how much he desired her .

He lifted her then , in one swift movement , and carried her to the sofa , laying her back , murmuring her name over and over , kissing again , consuming her with a passion that thrilled and left Robyn weak and yet powerful all at the same time , because she could do this to him — she could make Luke Denner groan with desire and need .
he lifted her then , in one swift movement , and carried her to the sofa , laying her back , murmuring her name over and over , kissing again , consuming her with a passion that thrilled and left robyn weak and yet powerful all at the same time , because she could do this to him — she could make luke denner groan with [want] and need .

She swallowed , struggling against the overwhelming desire to allow his hands to continue , but knowing that if she did … if she did … ‘ It feels very good indeed , ’ she added croakily .
she swallowed , struggling against the overwhelming [want] to allow his hands to continue , but knowing that if she did … if she did … ‘ it feels very good indeed , ’ she added croakily .

He held her close , one hand at her waist , the other supporting her back , his fingers stroking at the base of her neck , sending delightful shivers , signals of desire , up and down her spine .
he held her close , one hand at her waist , the other supporting her back , his fingers stroking at the base of her neck , sending delightful shivers , signals of [want] , up and down her spine .

They were ensconced , it seemed to Robyn , in their own private world , oblivious of anything except the desire that was building between them .
they were ensconced , it seemed to robyn , in their own private world , oblivious of anything except the [want] that was building between them .

‘ No way ! ’ He took her mouth again , but this time his mouth punished her with sudden erotic savagery and she felt the treacherous swift ache of desire , the longing for more , for all of him , deep in the pit of her stomach .
‘ no way ! ’ he took her mouth again , but this time his mouth punished her with sudden erotic savagery and she felt the treacherous swift ache of [want] , the longing for more , for all of him , deep in the pit of her stomach .

Robyn gazed up at the billowing white clouds and a longing for Luke 's touch , unlike anything she had ever felt before , overwhelmed her completely — her whole being ached with the desire to be held in his arms , to feel the strength and comfort and warmth of his body close to hers .
robyn gazed up at the billowing white clouds and a longing for luke 's touch , unlike anything she had ever felt before , overwhelmed her completely — her whole being ached with the [want] to be held in his arms , to feel the strength and comfort and warmth of his body close to hers .

Her eyes fell irresistibly to the firm , broad chest , the gleam of hard , taut muscle and then he was pulling her to him , kissing her mouth , her neck , the base of her throat , finding the clasp of her bra , discarding it , so that her breasts hung heavy and exposed , aching with longing and desire .
her eyes fell irresistibly to the firm , broad chest , the gleam of hard , taut muscle and then he was pulling her to him , kissing her mouth , her neck , the base of her throat , finding the clasp of her bra , discarding it , so that her breasts hung heavy and exposed , aching with longing and [want] .

Robyn gasped incoherently as his mouth played and teased , felt the moistness of desire increasing until she wondered dazedly whether she could endure such ecstasy any longer .
robyn gasped incoherently as his mouth played and teased , felt the moistness of [want] increasing until she wondered dazedly whether she could endure such ecstasy any longer .

She half held it out to Ellie as fair play so obviously fought with desire — and Ellie took the decision out of her hands by shouting , ‘ She 's found one !
she half held it out to ellie as fair play so obviously fought with [want] — and ellie took the decision out of her hands by shouting , ‘ she 's found one !

Her mind leapt as high as the moon — somehow she knew the seal could answer her heart 's desire — but how could she make it happen ?
her mind leapt as high as the moon — somehow she knew the seal could answer her heart 's [want] — but how could she make it happen ?

Just for this once , she told herself , she was n't prepared to fight her body 's response , and the intensity of her desire rose as she allowed him to pull her close to his warm maleness .
just for this once , she told herself , she was n't prepared to fight her body 's response , and the intensity of her [want] rose as she allowed him to pull her close to his warm maleness .

Wantonly she twisted her arms around his neck , revelling in the great shudder of desire she felt in response , but with surprise she quickly became aware that he was holding back , almost as if he was having second thoughts .
wantonly she twisted her arms around his neck , revelling in the great shudder of [want] she felt in response , but with surprise she quickly became aware that he was holding back , almost as if he was having second thoughts .

Naturally he has expressed a desire to see you , but if his wishes are to be fulfilled you must leave for France at once .
naturally he has expressed a [want] to see you , but if his wishes are to be fulfilled you must leave for france at once .

She had lived in the lovely old building for twenty years and never had any desire to leave it or the grounds .
she had lived in the lovely old building for twenty years and never had any [want] to leave it or the grounds .

She had been secure , certain of her facts , her life built on the reality of the past , and now things were all tilted , wavering , with a man she did not know issuing orders that would take her towards a place she had no desire to visit .
she had been secure , certain of her facts , her life built on the reality of the past , and now things were all tilted , wavering , with a man she did not know issuing orders that would take her towards a place she had no [want] to visit .

The feeling of being manoeuvred came back with a rush and she had the urgent desire to get out of this stuffy office fast .
the feeling of being manoeuvred came back with a rush and she had the urgent [want] to get out of this stuffy office fast .

He looked as if he was fighting the desire to glare at her , but his mother 's eyes were on both of them and he answered quietly enough .
he looked as if he was fighting the [want] to glare at her , but his mother 's eyes were on both of them and he answered quietly enough .

She had no desire whatever to stay and become enmeshed in the affairs of Alain Lemarchand and his mother , but he had simply gathered her in imperiously as if he were in charge of her life .
she had no [want] whatever to stay and become enmeshed in the affairs of alain lemarchand and his mother , but he had simply gathered her in imperiously as if he were in charge of her life .

His whole attitude was a furious desire to discipline her , and Jenna moaned as her lips were crushed .
his whole attitude was a furious [want] to discipline her , and jenna moaned as her lips were crushed .

He was quite prepared to crush her in his desire to force her into seeing what she did not wish to see .
he was quite prepared to crush her in his [want] to force her into seeing what she did not wish to see .

‘ What was Alain 's father like ? ’ she asked at last when her desire to know about Alain overcame her shyness .
‘ what was alain 's father like ? ’ she asked at last when her [want] to know about alain overcame her shyness .

As he gathered her closely back to him there was one second when their eyes met and Jenna saw the open desire in his gaze .
as he gathered her closely back to him there was one second when their eyes met and jenna saw the open [want] in his gaze .

By the time she had got her cases up to the guest room , made the bed up and sorted out her food supplies it was beginning to get dark and , although she had a burning desire to go up to the studio , caution prevailed .
by the time she had got her cases up to the guest room , made the bed up and sorted out her food supplies it was beginning to get dark and , although she had a burning [want] to go up to the studio , caution prevailed .

Jenna smiled up at him and his face tightened with desire , his eyes burning into hers until she closed her eyes and moved willingly against him .
jenna smiled up at him and his face tightened with [want] , his eyes burning into hers until she closed her eyes and moved willingly against him .

‘ Why are they mobbing her ? ’ The crowd has thickened ; Rainbow stands on tiptoe and cranes her neck to keep the object of our desire in her view .
‘ why are they mobbing her ? ’ the crowd has thickened ; rainbow stands on tiptoe and cranes her neck to keep the object of our [want] in her view .

She carried a small basket in her hand containing food for her frugal evening meal , although the rancid smells around her were strong enough to diminish any desire to eat — she had not yet grown sufficiently accustomed to them to ignore them .
she carried a small basket in her hand containing food for her frugal evening meal , although the rancid smells around her were strong enough to diminish any [want] to eat — she had not yet grown sufficiently accustomed to them to ignore them .

Stair thrust an arm around him , laid his head on Neil 's shoulder , and said , ‘ Let me treat you to a good ‘ un at Rachel 's , Neil , ’ which completed the destruction of any desire Neil might have had to treat himself .
stair thrust an arm around him , laid his head on neil 's shoulder , and said , ‘ let me treat you to a good ‘ un at rachel 's , neil , ’ which completed the destruction of any [want] neil might have had to treat himself .

Desire had become a physical pain .
[want] had become a physical pain .

‘ No doubt , ’ murmured Dr Neil , who was finding that this interchange , far from dowsing lust , was fuelling it , so that he had a terrible desire to fall on his knees before his skivvy , crying , ‘ Be mine , McAllister , be mine , immediately , ’ like a hero , or perhaps a villain , in a stage melodrama .
‘ no doubt , ’ murmured dr neil , who was finding that this interchange , far from dowsing lust , was fuelling it , so that he had a terrible [want] to fall on his knees before his skivvy , crying , ‘ be mine , mcallister , be mine , immediately , ’ like a hero , or perhaps a villain , in a stage melodrama .

McAllister , still beset by that strange mixture of desire and fear which gripped her whenever he began to make love to her at even the lightest level , found herself shivering , but allowed him to continue , and when the next kiss found her lips she responded to him , timidly , it was true , but still a response .
mcallister , still beset by that strange mixture of [want] and fear which gripped her whenever he began to make love to her at even the lightest level , found herself shivering , but allowed him to continue , and when the next kiss found her lips she responded to him , timidly , it was true , but still a response .

Desire , long reined in , had Neil Cochrane in its grip . The longed-for mistress of his heart was in his arms at last , soft and apparently willing , and if her lovemaking was as fiery as the rest of her , what delights might he not taste ?
[want] , long reined in , had neil cochrane in its grip . the longed-for mistress of his heart was in his arms at last , soft and apparently willing , and if her lovemaking was as fiery as the rest of her , what delights might he not taste ?

But going gently was difficult , to say the least , for his active mind was giving way to the essential basic desire for a man to possess the woman he loved and who loved him , and his kisses and caresses grew more and more urgent .
but going gently was difficult , to say the least , for his active mind was giving way to the essential basic [want] for a man to possess the woman he loved and who loved him , and his kisses and caresses grew more and more urgent .

The war between desire and fear was consuming her utterly .
the war between [want] and fear was consuming her utterly .

By now Dr Neil was in an agony of desire , the loved one in his arms , so near and yet so far — But not so far as he thought , for McAllister suddenly wanted more from him than he was giving .
by now dr neil was in an agony of [want] , the loved one in his arms , so near and yet so far — but not so far as he thought , for mcallister suddenly wanted more from him than he was giving .

McAllister no longer knew herself , nor Dr Neil either ; if he demanded fulfilment , so did she ; the desire to be one , not two , had overcome them both .
mcallister no longer knew herself , nor dr neil either ; if he demanded fulfilment , so did she ; the [want] to be one , not two , had overcome them both .

In all regions younger women gave a smaller number , indicating a worldwide trend towards a desire for smaller families .
in all regions younger women gave a smaller number , indicating a worldwide trend towards a [want] for smaller families .

So the fearful monsters are created either by the absence of reason , or by a ‘ subconscious ’ desire of reason itself .
so the fearful monsters are created either by the absence of reason , or by a ‘ subconscious ’ [want] of reason itself .

Speaking in the local Bemba dialect , Texas tells the story of Zambia 's worst civil unrest in post-independence history — the 1986 food riots which arose from the burning desire of Zambia 's poorest people to survive .
speaking in the local bemba dialect , texas tells the story of zambia 's worst civil unrest in post-independence history — the 1986 food riots which arose from the burning [want] of zambia 's poorest people to survive .

Small wonder , then , that at 16 , she ‘ desperately ’ wanted a child , that her own ‘ personal desire ’ coincided exactly with society 's requirement of her .
small wonder , then , that at 16 , she ‘ desperately ’ wanted a child , that her own ‘ personal [want] ’ coincided exactly with society 's requirement of her .

They covered her nakedness with an apron of figleaves , and punished her sexuality with pain and oppression : ‘ In sorrow thou shalt bring forth children ; and thy desire shall be to thy husband , and he shall rule over thee ’ .
they covered her nakedness with an apron of figleaves , and punished her sexuality with pain and oppression : ‘ in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children ; and thy [want] shall be to thy husband , and he shall rule over thee ’ .

This virulent loathing of women 's bodies continued during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries in the West : any expression of sexual desire by women was considered filthy , corrupt , sinful and marked them as whores , the daughters of Eve .
this virulent loathing of women 's bodies continued during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries in the west : any expression of sexual [want] by women was considered filthy , corrupt , sinful and marked them as whores , the daughters of eve .

And because men have distanced themselves from ‘ the weaker sex ’ over the ages , setting themselves up as superior , it must be unbearably humiliating to need and desire women so much .
and because men have distanced themselves from ‘ the weaker sex ’ over the ages , setting themselves up as superior , it must be unbearably humiliating to need and [want] women so much .

No wonder male sexual desire is so desperately tormented and full of conflict .
no wonder male sexual [want] is so desperately tormented and full of conflict .

Given the Opposition 's desire to give increasing powers to the European Parliament and their lack of understanding of how the Council of Ministers works , we should perhaps excuse the lack of appreciation of the process .
given the opposition 's [want] to give increasing powers to the european parliament and their lack of understanding of how the council of ministers works , we should perhaps excuse the lack of appreciation of the process .

We have no desire to divide the House , because this is a procedural order .
we have no [want] to divide the house , because this is a procedural order .

On the social side , the desire to keep farmers on the land should be dealt with via a direct income support or other aid measures , such as voluntary set aside , which do not distort the price mechanism , for a transition period .
on the social side , the [want] to keep farmers on the land should be dealt with via a direct income support or other aid measures , such as voluntary set aside , which do not distort the price mechanism , for a transition period .

We do not desire to impose a blueprint on England .
we do not [want] to impose a blueprint on england .

Rather , we desire that the commission should recommend the most appropriate form of local government for a particular area .
rather , we [want] that the commission should recommend the most appropriate form of local government for a particular area .

The vast majority of district and county councils that responded to our recent consultation paper on the structure of local government in England expressed their desire to become unitary authorities .
the vast majority of district and county councils that responded to our recent consultation paper on the structure of local government in england expressed their [want] to become unitary authorities .

In contrast , only 26 out of nearly 1,900 respondents expressed a desire for regional government .
in contrast , only 26 out of nearly 1,900 respondents expressed a [want] for regional government .

This indicates that if the court 's desire is to protect the public from persons who take vehicles without the owner 's consent , that is by a sense of general deterrence , then this particular criterion of the Criminal Justice Act will not be applicable The question posed for the courts must be whether taking a vehicle without consent can ever , as an individual offence , be so serious that a non-custodial sentence can not be considered .
this indicates that if the court 's [want] is to protect the public from persons who take vehicles without the owner 's consent , that is by a sense of general deterrence , then this particular criterion of the criminal justice act will not be applicable the question posed for the courts must be whether taking a vehicle without consent can ever , as an individual offence , be so serious that a non-custodial sentence can not be considered .

Furthermore , it is crucial that those already in the profession — whether students , auxiliaries , enrolled , registered or specialist nurses — have the opportunity to seek the nursing career that they desire through adequate educational facilities , which must also take account of developments such as nurse prescribing and nurse practitioners .
furthermore , it is crucial that those already in the profession — whether students , auxiliaries , enrolled , registered or specialist nurses — have the opportunity to seek the nursing career that they [want] through adequate educational facilities , which must also take account of developments such as nurse prescribing and nurse practitioners .

The massive majority of people in Scotland have a clear desire for a devolved Parliament in Scotland .
the massive majority of people in scotland have a clear [want] for a devolved parliament in scotland .

We share the desire of the hon .
we share the [want] of the hon .

They can continue to debate them all night , and even until the following morning , if they so desire .
they can continue to debate them all night , and even until the following morning , if they so [want] .

Lucy could , and had been unable to meet her aunt 's eye while stifling a strong desire to giggle . In an effort to control her mirth she 'd asked , ‘ What was Silas 's reaction ? ’
lucy could , and had been unable to meet her aunt 's eye while stifling a strong [want] to giggle . in an effort to control her mirth she 'd asked , ‘ what was silas 's reaction ? ’

She must encourage him to talk about the reason for his desire to change his lifestyle , and to join his uncle in this remote area , rather than try to question him herself .
she must encourage him to talk about the reason for his [want] to change his lifestyle , and to join his uncle in this remote area , rather than try to question him herself .

The depressing knowledge caused a sudden desire in her to leave the table and to get away from the sight of Doreen gazing soulfully at Silas . It forced her to push back her chair with a muttered , ‘ Excuse me — ’
the depressing knowledge caused a sudden [want] in her to leave the table and to get away from the sight of doreen gazing soulfully at silas . it forced her to push back her chair with a muttered , ‘ excuse me — ’

‘ Yes — but my father 's will makes it clear he wished her to remain here , and , as you know , she has no desire to move . ’
‘ yes — but my father 's will makes it clear he wished her to remain here , and , as you know , she has no [want] to move . ’

She arched against him , unable to control the flames of desire leaping within her , then a gasp escaped her as he swept her into his arms and carried her to the double bed in her aunt 's room .
she arched against him , unable to control the flames of [want] leaping within her , then a gasp escaped her as he swept her into his arms and carried her to the double bed in her aunt 's room .

Again she found herself responding to the fever of his passionate desire , and as her own need rose to meet it a small cry of yearning left her — a cry that was accompanied by a totally different cry that echoed from downstairs .
again she found herself responding to the fever of his passionate [want] , and as her own need rose to meet it a small cry of yearning left her — a cry that was accompanied by a totally different cry that echoed from downstairs .

Lucy 's colour rose as memory of lying on the bed beside him sent a wave of desire through her , but she pushed the yearning away , making an effort to speak calmly .
lucy 's colour rose as memory of lying on the bed beside him sent a wave of [want] through her , but she pushed the yearning away , making an effort to speak calmly .

Does he appreciate the keen desire of many small practices to join these excellent schemes ?
does he appreciate the keen [want] of many small practices to join these excellent schemes ?

Is my hon. and learned Friend aware of the strong opinion of all parties within Israel that the peace process is irreversible , that there is a desire to compromise and that certain comments from certain Members of this House are not helpful ?
is my hon. and learned friend aware of the strong opinion of all parties within israel that the peace process is irreversible , that there is a [want] to compromise and that certain comments from certain members of this house are not helpful ?

The second is the desire that the transition between now and 1997 and thereafter should be smooth and that the principle of two systems in one country should be honoured .
the second is the [want] that the transition between now and 1997 and thereafter should be smooth and that the principle of two systems in one country should be honoured .

In one of his writings , Lord Milner endeavoured to define patriotism , which he expressed as being the desire to ensure that everybody who is born a citizen of one 's country should rejoice in the birthright of being a citizen of that country .
in one of his writings , lord milner endeavoured to define patriotism , which he expressed as being the [want] to ensure that everybody who is born a citizen of one 's country should rejoice in the birthright of being a citizen of that country .

Friend spoke earlier of his desire to see armed intervention in Yugoslavia on behalf of the Pope .
friend spoke earlier of his [want] to see armed intervention in yugoslavia on behalf of the pope .

The motivation behind the introduction of trust status is the desire to localise management and to create a greater sense of ownership and pride in the service delivered .
the motivation behind the introduction of trust status is the [want] to localise management and to create a greater sense of ownership and pride in the service delivered .

There is no desire on our part to play down the importance of providing for those with special educational needs throughout their school career and thereafter .
there is no [want] on our part to play down the importance of providing for those with special educational needs throughout their school career and thereafter .

The most eloquent comment was when he talked about his desire , once the election is out of the way , to resume the downward trend .
the most eloquent comment was when he talked about his [want] , once the election is out of the way , to resume the downward trend .

How does the hon. Gentleman reconcile this carefully rehearsed diatribe with his oft-stated desire to abolish the poll tax as quickly as possible ?
how does the hon. gentleman reconcile this carefully rehearsed diatribe with his oft-stated [want] to abolish the poll tax as quickly as possible ?

Theirs is the party of big business , yet the Cabinet , littered with all these people with all their business acumen , is making Britain bankrupt because of Ministers ' desire to shut pits .
theirs is the party of big business , yet the cabinet , littered with all these people with all their business acumen , is making britain bankrupt because of ministers ' [want] to shut pits .

Robbie sank down on his bunk , feeling an absurd desire to burst into tears .
robbie sank down on his bunk , feeling an absurd [want] to burst into tears .

She was white-faced , her whole body clenched in an effort at self-control , the desire he had aroused still throbbing away .
she was white-faced , her whole body clenched in an effort at self-control , the [want] he had aroused still throbbing away .

The strength of his hard ribcage , the flat muscularity of his stomach and … her head swam dizzily … a delicious throbbing bulkiness that told her of his desire .
the strength of his hard ribcage , the flat muscularity of his stomach and … her head swam dizzily … a delicious throbbing bulkiness that told her of his [want] .

For an instant he caught her to him in a swift hard embrace and she knew that his desire was not one whit diminished .
for an instant he caught her to him in a swift hard embrace and she knew that his [want] was not one whit diminished .

He turned to look at her , and she knew the interval had not diminished his desire .
he turned to look at her , and she knew the interval had not diminished his [want] .

An inexpressible lethargy , born of shock and mingled desire , made her want to lean her head forward against him , to have her face and mouth close to that part of him which , earlier , had taken her into such a seventh heaven of ecstasy .
an inexpressible lethargy , born of shock and mingled [want] , made her want to lean her head forward against him , to have her face and mouth close to that part of him which , earlier , had taken her into such a seventh heaven of ecstasy .

Robbie found that instead of sobs she was now fighting back a hysterical desire to laugh .
robbie found that instead of sobs she was now fighting back a hysterical [want] to laugh .

Whose bed ? she had an insane desire to say , but for once she managed to keep a check on her unruly tongue .
whose bed ? she had an insane [want] to say , but for once she managed to keep a check on her unruly tongue .

Both Spenser 's and Jonson 's social aspirations , geared to their ability to use language , indicates a desire to see educated cultural expression indicating a class standing , a social elitism on the part of those who participate in cultural pursuits .
both spenser 's and jonson 's social aspirations , geared to their ability to use language , indicates a [want] to see educated cultural expression indicating a class standing , a social elitism on the part of those who participate in cultural pursuits .

Bauthumley 's or Trapnel 's texts record a different type of vernacular writing from high cultural expression ; but the desire for voice , gained by imitation of approved previous writing , is a phenomenon which they too share in .
bauthumley 's or trapnel 's texts record a different type of vernacular writing from high cultural expression ; but the [want] for voice , gained by imitation of approved previous writing , is a phenomenon which they too share in .

But this reveals a cultural context of great importance only when we can be satisfied that his texts ' historicity — their social embedment — is not determined by Greenblatt 's own desire to keep these texts empowered .
but this reveals a cultural context of great importance only when we can be satisfied that his texts ' historicity — their social embedment — is not determined by greenblatt 's own [want] to keep these texts empowered .

We should distinguish between Ben Jonson 's desire to confirm his authority over his Workes — collecting and seeing texts through the press , attempting to control what was ascribed to him and how these texts were to be viewed , even trying to restrict his readership — and circumstances where such authorial interventions are absent .
we should distinguish between ben jonson 's [want] to confirm his authority over his workes — collecting and seeing texts through the press , attempting to control what was ascribed to him and how these texts were to be viewed , even trying to restrict his readership — and circumstances where such authorial interventions are absent .

As Foucault and others have argued , the construction and then privileging of the author as a text 's origins is a product of editorial desire , matched with assumptions that establishing origins is a way of clarifying a text 's destination .
as foucault and others have argued , the construction and then privileging of the author as a text 's origins is a product of editorial [want] , matched with assumptions that establishing origins is a way of clarifying a text 's destination .

He had a fond , parental desire to give her something .
he had a fond , parental [want] to give her something .

Now she felt the full pulsation of desire throbbing through her body , the peaks of her untrammelled breasts hardening involuntarily against the sweet friction of her silky top .
now she felt the full pulsation of [want] throbbing through her body , the peaks of her untrammelled breasts hardening involuntarily against the sweet friction of her silky top .

According to these critics the government should put into effect society 's desire to invest more so as to promote growth .
according to these critics the government should put into effect society 's [want] to invest more so as to promote growth .

However , human motivation is complex : people are not entirely driven by the desire for money or to do as little in the job as they can get away with .
however , human motivation is complex : people are not entirely driven by the [want] for money or to do as little in the job as they can get away with .

Many are attracted to public sector work by the desire to help others .
many are attracted to public sector work by the [want] to help others .

The adherence to professional standards and the desire to do a job well are motives that induce workers to serve their employers and customers well .
the adherence to professional standards and the [want] to do a job well are motives that induce workers to serve their employers and customers well .

Children 's conceptions of desire motivation and personality
children 's conceptions of [want] motivation and personality

One ( ‘ intrapsychic ' ) is based on the premise that an individual 's social behaviour is determined by his/her internal needs ( eg a desire to hold the ‘ correct ’ attitude ) .
one ( ‘ intrapsychic ' ) is based on the premise that an individual 's social behaviour is determined by his/her internal needs ( eg a [want] to hold the ‘ correct ’ attitude ) .

The other ( ‘ impression management ' ) is based on the premise that an individual 's social behaviour is determined by his/her wish to create or sustain a social identity ( eg a desire to be seen to hold a certain attitude .
the other ( ‘ impression management ' ) is based on the premise that an individual 's social behaviour is determined by his/her wish to create or sustain a social identity ( eg a [want] to be seen to hold a certain attitude .

The desire for a hefty structure on a night like this , leads us to an enormous flashy hotel .
the [want] for a hefty structure on a night like this , leads us to an enormous flashy hotel .

It slams shut with a desire to amputate .
it slams shut with a [want] to amputate .

It is quite obvious that they wished to their little beating hearts ' total desire that it was .
it is quite obvious that they wished to their little beating hearts ' total [want] that it was .

The acupuncture technique of applied desire ?
the acupuncture technique of applied [want] ?

She stifled a desire to turn and flee , wondering what was wrong with her .
she stifled a [want] to turn and flee , wondering what was wrong with her .

Desire , immediate and powerful , tightened his entire body .
[want] , immediate and powerful , tightened his entire body .

He found himself rocketing from desire to protectiveness in the space of seconds , and felt suddenly impatient with such irrationally see-sawing feelings .
he found himself rocketing from [want] to protectiveness in the space of seconds , and felt suddenly impatient with such irrationally see-sawing feelings .

Bewilderedly she struggled to remember the words Guy had been muttering , but they had been lost in the half-sleeping state which had dulled her mind , and , later , barely heard over the unfamiliar demands of newly awakened desire .
bewilderedly she struggled to remember the words guy had been muttering , but they had been lost in the half-sleeping state which had dulled her mind , and , later , barely heard over the unfamiliar demands of newly awakened [want] .

Could a man feign desire to obtain the information he wanted ?
could a man feign [want] to obtain the information he wanted ?

The King 's release is the last thing she must desire .
the king 's release is the last thing she must [want] .

The stark desire in his face threatened to take what strength she had left , nor did he make any attempt to hide the blatant response of his body to that consuming , passionate kiss , continuing to hold her so tightly that she could feel him with every part of her being , could still taste him inside her mouth .
the stark [want] in his face threatened to take what strength she had left , nor did he make any attempt to hide the blatant response of his body to that consuming , passionate kiss , continuing to hold her so tightly that she could feel him with every part of her being , could still taste him inside her mouth .

He had sensed her fear of yielding to a man 's passion and had reined in his desire immediately .
he had sensed her fear of yielding to a man 's passion and had reined in his [want] immediately .

Had his desire been completely destroyed by hatred ?
had his [want] been completely destroyed by hatred ?

She had dared to hope he felt more than desire , but that he loved her … She was afraid to believe in so much happiness all at once .
she had dared to hope he felt more than [want] , but that he loved her … she was afraid to believe in so much happiness all at once .

There was only fitzAlan , leaning over her , his eyes brilliant with love and desire , his strong arms drawing her closer .
there was only fitzalan , leaning over her , his eyes brilliant with love and [want] , his strong arms drawing her closer .

The darker skin of his thin muscled slightly furry thigh lay hard and firm on the pearly white sheen of the round of her hip , and his desire was stronger than before , but his cock was nowhere .
the darker skin of his thin muscled slightly furry thigh lay hard and firm on the pearly white sheen of the round of her hip , and his [want] was stronger than before , but his cock was nowhere .

Harvest is your desire , not mine ; for you
harvest is your [want] , not mine ; for you

The most upsetting thing was that it made her realise just how much she had been allowing him to guide her in the decision , putting her desire to leave the nurses ' home and her pleasure at Dr Entwistle 's recommendation very much in second place .
the most upsetting thing was that it made her realise just how much she had been allowing him to guide her in the decision , putting her [want] to leave the nurses ' home and her pleasure at dr entwistle 's recommendation very much in second place .

‘ Mm-hm , ’ Belinda nodded tremulously , fighting her overpowering desire to surrender herself even further to his gentle ministrations .
‘ mm-hm , ’ belinda nodded tremulously , fighting her overpowering [want] to surrender herself even further to his gentle ministrations .

With little desire to talk , she walked beside Tom to his car — the sports car this time , as he had exchanged keys with Bill a few minutes ago .
with little [want] to talk , she walked beside tom to his car — the sports car this time , as he had exchanged keys with bill a few minutes ago .

under the most absolute state , use and wont , custom and tradition , social authority underived from the state but instead the very ground of political power , were far more effective forces in the organization of communal life … The organization of the state is not all social organization ; the ends for which the state stands are not all the ends which humanity seeks ; and quite obviously , the ways in which the state pursues its objects are only some of the ways in which within society men strive for the objects of their desire .
under the most absolute state , use and wont , custom and tradition , social authority underived from the state but instead the very ground of political power , were far more effective forces in the organization of communal life … the organization of the state is not all social organization ; the ends for which the state stands are not all the ends which humanity seeks ; and quite obviously , the ways in which the state pursues its objects are only some of the ways in which within society men strive for the objects of their [want] .

Among these peoples … with the growing strength of the third estate , with the political and cultural awakening of the masses , in the course of the nineteenth century , this cultural nationalism soon turned into the desire for the formation of a nation state .
among these peoples … with the growing strength of the third estate , with the political and cultural awakening of the masses , in the course of the nineteenth century , this cultural nationalism soon turned into the [want] for the formation of a nation state .

They were responsible for the complete show , which was why stories of stars giving notes to other actors or ordering changes in sets and costumes were not just examples of megalomania , but the desire to maintain the overall standard of whatever production they put their names to .
they were responsible for the complete show , which was why stories of stars giving notes to other actors or ordering changes in sets and costumes were not just examples of megalomania , but the [want] to maintain the overall standard of whatever production they put their names to .

His thoughts sway constantly between the desire to go on and the desire to settle down for a relaxed evening with a book in the secure knowledge that he wo n't have to go on .
his thoughts sway constantly between the [want] to go on and the [want] to settle down for a relaxed evening with a book in the secure knowledge that he wo n't have to go on .

Not desire at that moment , just warmth .
not [want] at that moment , just warmth .

‘ Hatred and desire .
‘ hatred and [want] .

‘ Desire ? ’ she prompted scornfully . ‘ Not this side ! ’
‘ [want] ? ’ she prompted scornfully . ‘ not this side ! ’

It was supremely indifferent , but , even as it burned into her like acid , her fingers were plunging into the midnight darkness of his hair as she invited his kiss again , the tumult of his mouth on hers and in it already a necessity , wildness running in her veins , the heavy aching beat of desire unchecked at the deep core of her womanhood .
it was supremely indifferent , but , even as it burned into her like acid , her fingers were plunging into the midnight darkness of his hair as she invited his kiss again , the tumult of his mouth on hers and in it already a necessity , wildness running in her veins , the heavy aching beat of [want] unchecked at the deep core of her womanhood .

With Luke looking at her like that , a combination of desire and disgust hardening his features and his mouth somehow more richly sensual than it had looked before , Maria had no difficulty believing him .
with luke looking at her like that , a combination of [want] and disgust hardening his features and his mouth somehow more richly sensual than it had looked before , maria had no difficulty believing him .

Where desire , or anything else for that matter , is mutual , there can be no humiliation , no abuse of power .
where [want] , or anything else for that matter , is mutual , there can be no humiliation , no abuse of power .

The truth might have stopped him despising her , but it had n't put an end to desire .
the truth might have stopped him despising her , but it had n't put an end to [want] .

His tongue stroked briefly across the tender inner swell of her lower lip , inducing a tingling sensitivity , and then she was accepting its sinuous thrust against hers and along with it a wild pleasure , desire following only a heartbeat behind .
his tongue stroked briefly across the tender inner swell of her lower lip , inducing a tingling sensitivity , and then she was accepting its sinuous thrust against hers and along with it a wild pleasure , [want] following only a heartbeat behind .

Desire was a leaping sheet of flame now , consuming Maria , the erotic furnace their mouths had become only an imitation of an inward eruption of molten passion that seemed to flow outward from the secret heart of her need , enveloping her utterly .
[want] was a leaping sheet of flame now , consuming maria , the erotic furnace their mouths had become only an imitation of an inward eruption of molten passion that seemed to flow outward from the secret heart of her need , enveloping her utterly .

The feel of him , the male realities of firmly muscled flesh and taut nipples which her fingertips were discovering , heightened her awareness of his masculinity , her thrill of recognition almost atavistic in its primitive pleasure , and desire reached a pitch so exquisite it was nearly pain .
the feel of him , the male realities of firmly muscled flesh and taut nipples which her fingertips were discovering , heightened her awareness of his masculinity , her thrill of recognition almost atavistic in its primitive pleasure , and [want] reached a pitch so exquisite it was nearly pain .

Mentally , she gave an ironical bow to whatever maliciously sadistic fate had done this to them , throwing them together and adding this towering , ungovernable desire to the other emotions existing between them , the hatred and resentment on her side , contempt on Luke 's .
mentally , she gave an ironical bow to whatever maliciously sadistic fate had done this to them , throwing them together and adding this towering , ungovernable [want] to the other emotions existing between them , the hatred and resentment on her side , contempt on luke 's .

They had spoken of exorcism , with reference to Luke 's desire for her , but now Maria acknowledged bitterly that it too would be mutual .
they had spoken of exorcism , with reference to luke 's [want] for her , but now maria acknowledged bitterly that it too would be mutual .

She hated it , and hated him , but she was no longer resisting him , so she accepted it in aching silence , desire overwhelming pride at last .
she hated it , and hated him , but she was no longer resisting him , so she accepted it in aching silence , [want] overwhelming pride at last .

Luke 's fingers were maddeningly light on her buttocks , tracing a complex pattern over the smooth skin , and she gasped , mindless with pleasure now and moving through desire to something beyond , urgent and undeniable .
luke 's fingers were maddeningly light on her buttocks , tracing a complex pattern over the smooth skin , and she gasped , mindless with pleasure now and moving through [want] to something beyond , urgent and undeniable .

She had never known anything like the need that rent her , and she knew it was the same need that was racking Luke 's rigid body ; and still it escalated as they succumbed to a welter of tumultuous embraces , caresses and kisses , their staccato breathing punctuated by the sharp sounds of desire , their skin damp with perspiration .
she had never known anything like the need that rent her , and she knew it was the same need that was racking luke 's rigid body ; and still it escalated as they succumbed to a welter of tumultuous embraces , caresses and kisses , their staccato breathing punctuated by the sharp sounds of [want] , their skin damp with perspiration .

He had used the word necessity in speaking of his desire for her .
he had used the word necessity in speaking of his [want] for her .

Instead of soothing desire forever , the shattering culmination of their abandonment to passion had renewed and exacerbated it .
instead of soothing [want] forever , the shattering culmination of their abandonment to passion had renewed and exacerbated it .

Maria was sobbing with desire as she felt his hands push insistently at her thighs , and then the rigid flesh she had freed to her caress just moments previously was nudging at her body , demanding entry and release .
maria was sobbing with [want] as she felt his hands push insistently at her thighs , and then the rigid flesh she had freed to her caress just moments previously was nudging at her body , demanding entry and release .

She kneaded at his chest in an agony of rapture before clinging , nails biting into him as he drove deeper , striking into the heart of her desire with a passion that convulsed them both and hurtled them to a zenith of sensation stunning in its ferocity .
she kneaded at his chest in an agony of rapture before clinging , nails biting into him as he drove deeper , striking into the heart of her [want] with a passion that convulsed them both and hurtled them to a zenith of sensation stunning in its ferocity .

Pride protested , but love and desire were paramount .
pride protested , but love and [want] were paramount .

It was so contemptuously dismissive that Maria recoiled , but only momentarily , the flame of desire already burning too hot and high to be denied .
it was so contemptuously dismissive that maria recoiled , but only momentarily , the flame of [want] already burning too hot and high to be denied .

Now he was touching her again , but only because desire had renewed itself , and she was helpless in the grip of a wild excitement once more as she felt the erotic plunge of his tongue filling her mouth and a tormenting finger drew sensual circles round her navel .
now he was touching her again , but only because [want] had renewed itself , and she was helpless in the grip of a wild excitement once more as she felt the erotic plunge of his tongue filling her mouth and a tormenting finger drew sensual circles round her navel .

He had been fiercely possessive , racked by an agony of passionate wanting and yet somehow retaining sufficient control to assert his mastery , denying her fulfilment , waiting until she was almost weeping with desire , as if he needed to hear her husky throbbing pleas confirming his dominion in the relationship .
he had been fiercely possessive , racked by an agony of passionate wanting and yet somehow retaining sufficient control to assert his mastery , denying her fulfilment , waiting until she was almost weeping with [want] , as if he needed to hear her husky throbbing pleas confirming his dominion in the relationship .

Just as her own concerns were now absorbing her fully , the desire to see Luke , to be in his arms again paramount , the need to end their relationship ignored for the moment .
just as her own concerns were now absorbing her fully , the [want] to see luke , to be in his arms again paramount , the need to end their relationship ignored for the moment .

’ Maria questioned him , aware that his desire for her had n't died yet even if the need to respect himself again had dictated that he put an end to their affair .
’ maria questioned him , aware that his [want] for her had n't died yet even if the need to respect himself again had dictated that he put an end to their affair .

Any tenderness between the two of them would be a sham as far as he was concerned , merely serving to emphasise the absence of love , and perhaps like her he felt that a relationship characterised by so much other feeling ought to be loving as well , that the depth of desire he felt for her should have been merely a facet of love instead of the whole .
any tenderness between the two of them would be a sham as far as he was concerned , merely serving to emphasise the absence of love , and perhaps like her he felt that a relationship characterised by so much other feeling ought to be loving as well , that the depth of [want] he felt for her should have been merely a facet of love instead of the whole .

For a short time she stood still and silent , scarcely breathing as she revelled in the novelty of his tenderness , but presently her body started stirring in response to the warmth of his mouth , a new sweetness to her desire .
for a short time she stood still and silent , scarcely breathing as she revelled in the novelty of his tenderness , but presently her body started stirring in response to the warmth of his mouth , a new sweetness to her [want] .

It was gone in a moment , but briefly she 'd been filled with a sudden , oddly urgent desire to know more about him .
it was gone in a moment , but briefly she 'd been filled with a sudden , oddly urgent [want] to know more about him .

She was unsure now why she had decided to let him go on believing that , and she felt torn by a sudden desire to tell him the truth .
she was unsure now why she had decided to let him go on believing that , and she felt torn by a sudden [want] to tell him the truth .

She clung to him , every inch of her throbbing with desire .
she clung to him , every inch of her throbbing with [want] .

Ten minutes later we had a garbled appeal to the outside world from a Danuese patriot , mentioning injustices , famine , and the burning desire of a people to be free .
ten minutes later we had a garbled appeal to the outside world from a danuese patriot , mentioning injustices , famine , and the burning [want] of a people to be free .

When he held up a bottle and two glasses , she felt a strong desire to go into hysterics .
when he held up a bottle and two glasses , she felt a strong [want] to go into hysterics .

She felt an almost hysterical desire to scream at them all .
she felt an almost hysterical [want] to scream at them all .

‘ Did n't you feel desire ? Want ? Need ? ’ he persisted mildly as he folded his arms along the fence and rested his chin on top .
‘ did n't you feel [want] ? want ? need ? ’ he persisted mildly as he folded his arms along the fence and rested his chin on top .

It was n't a conscious move on her part , and yet , once open to his erotically roving tongue , she was helpless to do anything except melt against him with a low moan as the same desire as yesterday curled through her stomach .
it was n't a conscious move on her part , and yet , once open to his erotically roving tongue , she was helpless to do anything except melt against him with a low moan as the same [want] as yesterday curled through her stomach .

‘ Yes , want . As in need , desire , as in what do you want , expect to happen now ? ’
‘ yes , want . as in need , [want] , as in what do you want , expect to happen now ? ’

‘ Desire ? Need ? Frustration ? What ? ’ he demanded . ‘ You 're twenty-seven years old , not a child ; are you going to spend the rest of your life wrapped in a cocoon in case you get hurt ? Or are you going to spend it pretending that every man who kisses you is Ryan ? ’
‘ [want] ? need ? frustration ? what ? ’ he demanded . ‘ you 're twenty-seven years old , not a child ; are you going to spend the rest of your life wrapped in a cocoon in case you get hurt ? or are you going to spend it pretending that every man who kisses you is ryan ? ’

’ Feeling a renewed surge of desire , she grinned .
’ feeling a renewed surge of [want] , she grinned .

In spite of his expressed desire to soak up atmosphere , he did not feel at home there .
in spite of his expressed [want] to soak up atmosphere , he did not feel at home there .

But then she had been thirty , and then thirty-three , and the panic that overtakes women of that age , even in the nineteen seventies , had come upon her , and the desire to have a child , which she had hardly thought about before .
but then she had been thirty , and then thirty-three , and the panic that overtakes women of that age , even in the nineteen seventies , had come upon her , and the [want] to have a child , which she had hardly thought about before .

None of the changes had given him any added zest for life — or , for that matter , any desire to look for trouble where no trouble was self-evidently present .
none of the changes had given him any added zest for life — or , for that matter , any [want] to look for trouble where no trouble was self-evidently present .

Her mood as she made Greg at home veered between hostessy ( and frankly womanly ) pleasure at seeing him , and a desire to convey a sense of fragility and grief , which pretty clearly she did not feel .
her mood as she made greg at home veered between hostessy ( and frankly womanly ) pleasure at seeing him , and a [want] to convey a sense of fragility and grief , which pretty clearly she did not feel .

Initially they both showed signs of running a mile and denying all knowledge , but by cunningly playing on their male pride , their desire to believe they were ‘ a better man ’ than their rival , she made each one mad with jealousy of the other , and finally had her pick of which she preferred , leading him up the aisle of the Methodist Chapel well before the bulge began to show .
initially they both showed signs of running a mile and denying all knowledge , but by cunningly playing on their male pride , their [want] to believe they were ‘ a better man ’ than their rival , she made each one mad with jealousy of the other , and finally had her pick of which she preferred , leading him up the aisle of the methodist chapel well before the bulge began to show .

This pattern , clear enough at the time , had been obscured by the revival of Walter Machin 's reputation , and Viola 's desire to rewrite history , to have her marriage accepted as perfect , if tragically brief .
this pattern , clear enough at the time , had been obscured by the revival of walter machin 's reputation , and viola 's [want] to rewrite history , to have her marriage accepted as perfect , if tragically brief .

Given the precedent of 1925 , it is extraordinary that its lessons have not been learnt : the inadvisability of one country pegging its currency to a more powerful one ; the inadvisability , indeed , of that country artificially pegging its currency at all in the face of pressures , speculative and real , which are likely in the fullness of time to force adjustment towards a rate determined by economic forces reflective not of political desire but of relative unit costs between countries .
given the precedent of 1925 , it is extraordinary that its lessons have not been learnt : the inadvisability of one country pegging its currency to a more powerful one ; the inadvisability , indeed , of that country artificially pegging its currency at all in the face of pressures , speculative and real , which are likely in the fullness of time to force adjustment towards a rate determined by economic forces reflective not of political [want] but of relative unit costs between countries .

Indeed , one of the features of the Federalist movement appears to be a desire to abolish decision-making by politicians or by elected representatives .
indeed , one of the features of the federalist movement appears to be a [want] to abolish decision-making by politicians or by elected representatives .

This second modification makes the model more in line with that developed by Barro ( 1976 ) , and is justified on the grounds that what motivates agents ' spending this period is their desire to have a sum of real money available next period .
this second modification makes the model more in line with that developed by barro ( 1976 ) , and is justified on the grounds that what motivates agents ' spending this period is their [want] to have a sum of real money available next period .

Corbett felt as if he was in a nightmare ; the very smallness of the man made him a false opponent , almost cutting off Corbett 's blood lust and desire to protect himself .
corbett felt as if he was in a nightmare ; the very smallness of the man made him a false opponent , almost cutting off corbett 's blood lust and [want] to protect himself .

Corbett heard her out , torn between his desire to sleep and excitement at what he had discovered .
corbett heard her out , torn between his [want] to sleep and excitement at what he had discovered .

For the first time ever Athelstan fully agreed with Sir John 's desire for refreshment .
for the first time ever athelstan fully agreed with sir john 's [want] for refreshment .

’ she said forcibly , going against her own treacherous desire .
’ she said forcibly , going against her own treacherous [want] .

Her fingers drifted up to touch his silky hair , and she was suddenly possessed of a fierce desire to deepen his kisses .
her fingers drifted up to touch his silky hair , and she was suddenly possessed of a fierce [want] to deepen his kisses .

‘ Oh , Lucenzo , ’ she moaned , exulting at his shudder of desire and the sexy male groans he was making .
‘ oh , lucenzo , ’ she moaned , exulting at his shudder of [want] and the sexy male groans he was making .

She noticed the way his chest heaved , the rivers of desire flowing from him across the room to burn her body with unbearable heat .
she noticed the way his chest heaved , the rivers of [want] flowing from him across the room to burn her body with unbearable heat .

Warm , tense with desire , she tried to reason with herself , to find the words to stop him .
warm , tense with [want] , she tried to reason with herself , to find the words to stop him .

And again , he kissed , he demanded the same question , he kissed and interrogated her , till she was weak with longing and he was shuddering with desire .
and again , he kissed , he demanded the same question , he kissed and interrogated her , till she was weak with longing and he was shuddering with [want] .

He justified his secrecy to himself as a necessary precaution , but , lying somewhat deeper , there was a wish to preserve the intimacy of the link with Heather that they represented , a desire to conceal both his possession of them and his pursuit of what they meant .
he justified his secrecy to himself as a necessary precaution , but , lying somewhat deeper , there was a wish to preserve the intimacy of the link with heather that they represented , a [want] to conceal both his possession of them and his pursuit of what they meant .

Remember to begin with that the demand for bank lending is a demand which results from a desire to buy goods or services .
remember to begin with that the demand for bank lending is a demand which results from a [want] to buy goods or services .

Until now we have assumed that banks decide for themselves upon the appropriate ratio in the light of their desire for profit and need for liquidity .
until now we have assumed that banks decide for themselves upon the appropriate ratio in the light of their [want] for profit and need for liquidity .

Secondly , unlike general insurance , the motivation behind many life-related policies is essentially a desire to save for the future , either for one 's own benefit or for the benefit of dependants .
secondly , unlike general insurance , the motivation behind many life-related policies is essentially a [want] to save for the future , either for one 's own benefit or for the benefit of dependants .

If the former administrator had gone mad , then the passion that possessed him had more to do with the re-establishment of the New Thinking in a new place , rather than any desire for vengeance .
if the former administrator had gone mad , then the passion that possessed him had more to do with the re-establishment of the new thinking in a new place , rather than any [want] for vengeance .

Perhaps now Merymose was beginning to share Kenamun 's desire for an arrest at any price , so long as it was soon .
perhaps now merymose was beginning to share kenamun 's [want] for an arrest at any price , so long as it was soon .

Men were also led to become soldiers by the desire to escape the monotony , drudgery and narrow horizons of rural life , or by a difficult domestic situation .
men were also led to become soldiers by the [want] to escape the monotony , drudgery and narrow horizons of rural life , or by a difficult domestic situation .

The desire to shelter large sections of the population from military service also strengthened the willingness of most governments to employ foreign mercenaries , who retained throughout this period much of the importance they had possessed since the Renaissance .
the [want] to shelter large sections of the population from military service also strengthened the willingness of most governments to employ foreign mercenaries , who retained throughout this period much of the importance they had possessed since the renaissance .

She could imagine the kisses he would have shared with a woman like that … Folly closed her eyes and felt a fiery ball of mixed desire and jealousy settle in her stomach .
she could imagine the kisses he would have shared with a woman like that … folly closed her eyes and felt a fiery ball of mixed [want] and jealousy settle in her stomach .

And even now the closeness of him was acting like a drug on her tired senses , its effect heightened by a heady mixture of desire and fear .
and even now the closeness of him was acting like a drug on her tired senses , its effect heightened by a heady mixture of [want] and fear .

‘ Pig ! ’ Folly grabbed a pillow from behind her and threw it at Luke , then saw his face change with sudden desire as the sheet slipped down to expose her breasts .
‘ pig ! ’ folly grabbed a pillow from behind her and threw it at luke , then saw his face change with sudden [want] as the sheet slipped down to expose her breasts .

And then his need called out an answering desire within her , and she found herself clinging to him with a desperation that matched his own .
and then his need called out an answering [want] within her , and she found herself clinging to him with a desperation that matched his own .

For the first time in her life , she knew exactly what she was doing , as her body and brain melted together in a harmony of desire .
for the first time in her life , she knew exactly what she was doing , as her body and brain melted together in a harmony of [want] .

There had been more than just desire there , she had known it .
there had been more than just [want] there , she had known it .

Luke 's answering grin sent a warm flush of desire flooding through her .
luke 's answering grin sent a warm flush of [want] flooding through her .

At other times — especially in the beginning — he had succeeded in arousing a desire in her that matched his own , and that had been almost as frightening .
at other times — especially in the beginning — he had succeeded in arousing a [want] in her that matched his own , and that had been almost as frightening .

Julius murmured softly in satisfaction and his body pressed still closer , demanding more now , desire a hard ache that was threatening to run out of control .
julius murmured softly in satisfaction and his body pressed still closer , demanding more now , [want] a hard ache that was threatening to run out of control .

The structuralist desire to establish a poetics distinct from other academic disciplines , their scientific ideals , and , on a more detailed level , their work on narrative theory , all owe a considerable debt to Russian Formalism .
the structuralist [want] to establish a poetics distinct from other academic disciplines , their scientific ideals , and , on a more detailed level , their work on narrative theory , all owe a considerable debt to russian formalism .

At a simple and obvious level , he argued fairly recently ( 1973 : 491 ) that they served to satisfy our innate desire for regularity and symmetry , and also permitted effects of relief and surprise through contrast .
at a simple and obvious level , he argued fairly recently ( 1973 : 491 ) that they served to satisfy our innate [want] for regularity and symmetry , and also permitted effects of relief and surprise through contrast .

The rapid progress of the narrative to the bird 's orgasm ( the ‘ shudder in the loins ’ ) and consequent loss of sexual desire ( the last line ) mirrors the speed of the sexual act .
the rapid progress of the narrative to the bird 's orgasm ( the ‘ shudder in the loins ’ ) and consequent loss of sexual [want] ( the last line ) mirrors the speed of the sexual act .

It follows that what is good is simply the ‘ exercise of impulses and the satisfaction of their appetencies ’ ( 1967 : 44 ) , an ‘ appetency ’ being defined as a conscious or unconscious desire in the broadest sense .
it follows that what is good is simply the ‘ exercise of impulses and the satisfaction of their appetencies ’ ( 1967 : 44 ) , an ‘ appetency ’ being defined as a conscious or unconscious [want] in the broadest sense .

This approach is reminiscent of the Formalist distinction between fabula and ryuzhet , but despite the absence of any direct linguistic analogy it is supremely structuralist in its desire to construct a universal model of narrative discourse .
this approach is reminiscent of the formalist distinction between fabula and ryuzhet , but despite the absence of any direct linguistic analogy it is supremely structuralist in its [want] to construct a universal model of narrative discourse .

‘ philosophy is , within writing , nothing but the movement of writing as effacement of the signifier and the desire of presence restored ’ ( 1976 : 287 ) .
‘ philosophy is , within writing , nothing but the movement of writing as effacement of the signifier and the [want] of presence restored ’ ( 1976 : 287 ) .

Something to do with her desire to run things around her .
something to do with her [want] to run things around her .

She had the insane desire to tell all that to this man , but she bit back the words .
she had the insane [want] to tell all that to this man , but she bit back the words .

Even then , still feverish with desire , she thought nothing of it , stepping forward slightly to kiss him on his neck .
even then , still feverish with [want] , she thought nothing of it , stepping forward slightly to kiss him on his neck .

The desire to make love to him had been irresistible , but that temporary blindness had gone , and what she saw made her shudder .
the [want] to make love to him had been irresistible , but that temporary blindness had gone , and what she saw made her shudder .

All those things that had once appealed to every instinct inside her for excitement failed to arouse anything but a nagging desire to look at her watch and wonder what time she could reasonably convince André that it was time to leave .
all those things that had once appealed to every instinct inside her for excitement failed to arouse anything but a nagging [want] to look at her watch and wonder what time she could reasonably convince andré that it was time to leave .

He had warned her that desire was all he had to offer her , and he had probably assumed that his warning had hit home .
he had warned her that [want] was all he had to offer her , and he had probably assumed that his warning had hit home .

If he was not in love with the other woman , as he seemed to have implied , then why the fuss ? Why the desire to keep it to himself ? No , there was much more to it than that , and it was the much more that was now making her heart constrict .
if he was not in love with the other woman , as he seemed to have implied , then why the fuss ? why the [want] to keep it to himself ? no , there was much more to it than that , and it was the much more that was now making her heart constrict .

The desire burning inside her was too strong , and she returned his kiss , hearing him moan at her response .
the [want] burning inside her was too strong , and she returned his kiss , hearing him moan at her response .

She felt a sharp pang at the thought that he could n't possibly desire her , and scolded herself for feeling like that .
she felt a sharp pang at the thought that he could n't possibly [want] her , and scolded herself for feeling like that .

His mouth was hard and hot , burning her lips with an intensity of desire that brought an involuntary response .
his mouth was hard and hot , burning her lips with an intensity of [want] that brought an involuntary response .

She had no desire to be with Dana and Roman when they met Garry .
she had no [want] to be with dana and roman when they met garry .

She had a burning desire to pack her case and leave on the first mode of transport she could find — she would even settle for a donkey if there was one .
she had a burning [want] to pack her case and leave on the first mode of transport she could find — she would even settle for a donkey if there was one .

There was nothing so dead as an old love , and what they had shared had only been desire on his part .
there was nothing so dead as an old love , and what they had shared had only been [want] on his part .

She pressed closely against him , winding her arms round his neck and opening her mouth in welcome , giving herself up to the desire that flooded through her .
she pressed closely against him , winding her arms round his neck and opening her mouth in welcome , giving herself up to the [want] that flooded through her .

Pupils are mainly motivated by teacher approval , or a desire to succeed at examinations or achieve ‘ tokens of merit ’ .
pupils are mainly motivated by teacher approval , or a [want] to succeed at examinations or achieve ‘ tokens of merit ’ .

What selectors desire is good predictive information .
what selectors [want] is good predictive information .

The agreement recited that John had left all his estate to his executors by his will but that , shortly before his death , he had declared in the presence of several witnesses that he wished his widow to have the cottage for her life or so long as she continued a widow ; and that , though this wish was never put into writing , the executors were convinced that it was his desire and were willing and desirous that it should be put into effect .
the agreement recited that john had left all his estate to his executors by his will but that , shortly before his death , he had declared in the presence of several witnesses that he wished his widow to have the cottage for her life or so long as she continued a widow ; and that , though this wish was never put into writing , the executors were convinced that it was his [want] and were willing and desirous that it should be put into effect .

There was a desire on Mr. Cottrell 's part to retain the services of the plaintiff so that the work could be completed without the need to employ another sub-contractor .
there was a [want] on mr. cottrell 's part to retain the services of the plaintiff so that the work could be completed without the need to employ another sub-contractor .

The first , concerned with the objectives of professional development , has at one pole the intention to improve existing practices , whilst at its other is the desire to make radical changes to classroom practice .
the first , concerned with the objectives of professional development , has at one pole the intention to improve existing practices , whilst at its other is the [want] to make radical changes to classroom practice .

As the thinking in the Schools Council unfolded , so there arose a growing desire that as much attention should be paid to the means of effecting change as to what those changes should be .
as the thinking in the schools council unfolded , so there arose a growing [want] that as much attention should be paid to the means of effecting change as to what those changes should be .

Quick satisfaction may be achieved but the resulting clarity fails to raise any interest in the process itself so that there is no desire to repeat the experience , analyse it or find out what others have been saying .
quick satisfaction may be achieved but the resulting clarity fails to raise any interest in the process itself so that there is no [want] to repeat the experience , analyse it or find out what others have been saying .

However , this requires effort as well as the energy and desire to go beyond habitual ways of looking and understanding .
however , this requires effort as well as the energy and [want] to go beyond habitual ways of looking and understanding .

The sacrilege lies in the desire on the part of the murderer to mutilate what we understand to be in some sense the image of God .
the sacrilege lies in the [want] on the part of the murderer to mutilate what we understand to be in some sense the image of god .

Seized by an impulse of delight , and with an untypical desire to impress , he pushed away again and was suddenly spinning like a top on his skates , arms outstretched .
seized by an impulse of delight , and with an untypical [want] to impress , he pushed away again and was suddenly spinning like a top on his skates , arms outstretched .

Mrs Frere 's refusal to respond ( Mrs Bostock later informed Eliza Waters ) was as dreary as the rain , and as impervious to her visitor 's desire that it should cease .
mrs frere 's refusal to respond ( mrs bostock later informed eliza waters ) was as dreary as the rain , and as impervious to her visitor 's [want] that it should cease .

Why , on cold winter nights like this , they might even briefly rue the desire that had brought a howling babe between themselves and sleep .
why , on cold winter nights like this , they might even briefly rue the [want] that had brought a howling babe between themselves and sleep .

She had no desire to hear it but the voice was insistent .
she had no [want] to hear it but the voice was insistent .

All of us desire nothing more than that you should take hold of your life again … more freely exercise your will .
all of us [want] nothing more than that you should take hold of your life again … more freely exercise your will .

William and Joe and their entire consignment of cod vanished in the desire to please Araminta .
william and joe and their entire consignment of cod vanished in the [want] to please araminta .

Such an extraordinary desire , but of course you may .
such an extraordinary [want] , but of course you may .

She intended to plead her own nervousness and her desire not to be destined for public exhibition and planned to finish by thanking him for the compliment of his request and wishing him well in finding a more practised model .
she intended to plead her own nervousness and her [want] not to be destined for public exhibition and planned to finish by thanking him for the compliment of his request and wishing him well in finding a more practised model .

Never be afraid to step out , if it harms no other and gets you your heart 's desire .
never be afraid to step out , if it harms no other and gets you your heart 's [want] .

If his tutor and his mother had not restrained him despite his desire , The boy , as boys will , would have rushed off on foot .
if his tutor and his mother had not restrained him despite his [want] , the boy , as boys will , would have rushed off on foot .

There was , however , some sympathy for the applicant in his desire to set up a viable farming unit .
there was , however , some sympathy for the applicant in his [want] to set up a viable farming unit .

Instead , it is argued that they must be `` impelled towards them not out of fear and guilt but because of a positive desire to build a better life for students , themselves and other members of society .
instead , it is argued that they must be `` impelled towards them not out of fear and guilt but because of a positive [want] to build a better life for students , themselves and other members of society .

On 18 July 1936 there had been no consensus on this question among those who joined the rebellion , beyond their unanimous desire to see the legitimate , democratically elected government removed from power .
on 18 july 1936 there had been no consensus on this question among those who joined the rebellion , beyond their unanimous [want] to see the legitimate , democratically elected government removed from power .

There were other ways , too , in which ordinary people were made to conform with the regime 's desire for order and control .
there were other ways , too , in which ordinary people were made to conform with the regime 's [want] for order and control .

Indeed , it could be said that the secret of his success lay not so much in his ability to use to his advantage the divisions within his own forces as in his perception of conservative Spain 's deep-seated desire for a leader who would restore and conserve the country 's identity as a great world power .
indeed , it could be said that the secret of his success lay not so much in his ability to use to his advantage the divisions within his own forces as in his perception of conservative spain 's deep-seated [want] for a leader who would restore and conserve the country 's identity as a great world power .

When Franco composed his first post-war cabinet , in August 1939 , he was aware that confrontation was imminent in Europe , so his choices also reflected a desire to balance these conflicts of external sympathies .
when franco composed his first post-war cabinet , in august 1939 , he was aware that confrontation was imminent in europe , so his choices also reflected a [want] to balance these conflicts of external sympathies .

This did not reflect a desire to be impartial , but recognition that Spain 's objective economic and military weakness precluded any other option at this stage .
this did not reflect a [want] to be impartial , but recognition that spain 's objective economic and military weakness precluded any other option at this stage .

Franco wanted to take part in the war and repeatedly assured Hitler and Mussolini of his desire .
franco wanted to take part in the war and repeatedly assured hitler and mussolini of his [want] .

‘ Where our desire is got without content ;
‘ where our [want] is got without content ;

But man had this animal desire within him to do what Mr Lion did to Mrs .
but man had this animal [want] within him to do what mr lion did to mrs .

Lion but he had no mate to fulfil his desire .
lion but he had no mate to fulfil his [want] .

By the latter years of the war , the experience of government direction and the evident need to recompense the sacrifices of the home population encouraged the desire to carry wartime controls into lasting social reform and post-war ‘ reconstruction ’ .
by the latter years of the war , the experience of government direction and the evident need to recompense the sacrifices of the home population encouraged the [want] to carry wartime controls into lasting social reform and post-war ‘ reconstruction ’ .

None the less , the tone of the report was radical , particularly in Beveridge 's expressed desire to abolish the ‘ five giants ’ , to give a new sense of purpose to democracy , to promote national solidarity , and define the goals of the war .
none the less , the tone of the report was radical , particularly in beveridge 's expressed [want] to abolish the ‘ five giants ’ , to give a new sense of purpose to democracy , to promote national solidarity , and define the goals of the war .

Part of the reason may have been his desire to strengthen the Treasury 's hand in discussions about economic policy , particularly given Bevin 's desire to move responsibility for full employment policy to the Ministry of Labour .
part of the reason may have been his [want] to strengthen the treasury 's hand in discussions about economic policy , particularly given bevin 's [want] to move responsibility for full employment policy to the ministry of labour .

Its analysis was straightforwardly Keynesian and in that sense was revolutionary , but its actual proposals were weak , reflecting the government 's desire on the one hand to pre-empt Beveridge and on the other not to commit the coalition to detailed policies .
its analysis was straightforwardly keynesian and in that sense was revolutionary , but its actual proposals were weak , reflecting the government 's [want] on the one hand to pre-empt beveridge and on the other not to commit the coalition to detailed policies .

The action of the Parliamentary Party was very embarrassing for the Labour Ministers , who of course could not join their colleagues in the opposition lobby ; but it did more than anything else in wartime to identify the Labour Party with the widespread popular desire for social reform in the post-war world .
the action of the parliamentary party was very embarrassing for the labour ministers , who of course could not join their colleagues in the opposition lobby ; but it did more than anything else in wartime to identify the labour party with the widespread popular [want] for social reform in the post-war world .

This was a most unusual indication of the strength of public feeling , for it was apparently motivated , so far as the Ministry was concerned , by the desire to ‘ steal the thunder ’ of the Communist Party and prevent that body from obtaining the credit for the popular enthusiasm .
this was a most unusual indication of the strength of public feeling , for it was apparently motivated , so far as the ministry was concerned , by the [want] to ‘ steal the thunder ’ of the communist party and prevent that body from obtaining the credit for the popular enthusiasm .

An important product , Retardmac , is coming under increasing pressure due to the Government 's desire for permanent re-instatement of roads after patching and this does not bode well for the long-term future of the product .
an important product , retardmac , is coming under increasing pressure due to the government 's [want] for permanent re-instatement of roads after patching and this does not bode well for the long-term future of the product .

Are you aged between 17 and 25 with a sense of adventure and a strong desire to face tough challenges ? If so , a Raleigh International overseas expedition could provide you with the opportunity of a lifetime .
are you aged between 17 and 25 with a sense of adventure and a strong [want] to face tough challenges ? if so , a raleigh international overseas expedition could provide you with the opportunity of a lifetime .

It can not be doubted that the Western emperors were , like the popes , sincere in their desire to exercise power justly .
it can not be doubted that the western emperors were , like the popes , sincere in their [want] to exercise power justly .

The desire to `` discover `` useful texts sometimes led to forgeries , as the False Decretals .
the [want] to `` discover `` useful texts sometimes led to forgeries , as the false decretals .

Was it possible that the desire to return to the Vita Apostolica , the simple life of prayer , personal austerity and poverty was reconcilable with the Petrine commission and all the pomp and authority that suggested ?
was it possible that the [want] to return to the vita apostolica , the simple life of prayer , personal austerity and poverty was reconcilable with the petrine commission and all the pomp and authority that suggested ?

The communication processes operating in these environments are characterised by a high degree of open-ness within the research centres , coupled with a desire to withhold significant research results from similar research centres elsewhere until the public release of such information can ensure that priority will be accorded to those making the announcement .
the communication processes operating in these environments are characterised by a high degree of open-ness within the research centres , coupled with a [want] to withhold significant research results from similar research centres elsewhere until the public release of such information can ensure that priority will be accorded to those making the announcement .

This novel mental position , akin in some respects to the Zen ‘ satori ’ ( enlightenment ) or to other mystical experiences , is followed by a desire to share the novelty with others .
this novel mental position , akin in some respects to the zen ‘ satori ’ ( enlightenment ) or to other mystical experiences , is followed by a [want] to share the novelty with others .

The desire to survey the social conditions of the largest possible population proved difficult and costly , so methods were sought to reduce the costs of such surveys without , at the same time , sacrificing accuracy .
the [want] to survey the social conditions of the largest possible population proved difficult and costly , so methods were sought to reduce the costs of such surveys without , at the same time , sacrificing accuracy .

The Financial Times of July 17 described the move as a `` determined signal of [ the bank 's ] desire to damp domestic inflation and monetary growth `` .
the financial times of july 17 described the move as a `` determined signal of [ the bank 's ] [want] to damp domestic inflation and monetary growth `` .

He also addressed directly the unease expressed in some neighbouring countries over his government 's desire to send units from the Self-Defence Forces to assist US-led coalition forces in the Gulf war with Iraq [ see pp .
he also addressed directly the unease expressed in some neighbouring countries over his government 's [want] to send units from the self-defence forces to assist us-led coalition forces in the gulf war with iraq [ see pp .

Nevertheless , the fact that he sought re-election to the legislature was widely interpreted as indicative of a desire to use his influence — he was thought to have maintained an overall majority in the new House — to secure the presidency for his friend and colleague , Vice-President Teatao Teannaki , the elected member for Abiang .
nevertheless , the fact that he sought re-election to the legislature was widely interpreted as indicative of a [want] to use his influence — he was thought to have maintained an overall majority in the new house — to secure the presidency for his friend and colleague , vice-president teatao teannaki , the elected member for abiang .

, Arkansas ) , were alleged by Gingrich to have been motivated by the desire for revenge over Gingrich 's leading role in forcing the 1989 resignation of House Speaker Jim Wright [ see p. 37406 ] .
, arkansas ) , were alleged by gingrich to have been motivated by the [want] for revenge over gingrich 's leading role in forcing the 1989 resignation of house speaker jim wright [ see p. 37406 ] .

Mitsotakis 's sensitivity on the issue of his family 's political involvement was seen to reflect his desire to avoid charges of unethical conduct by his government , the issue which had effectively brought down his ( socialist ) predecessor Andreas Papandreou .
mitsotakis 's sensitivity on the issue of his family 's political involvement was seen to reflect his [want] to avoid charges of unethical conduct by his government , the issue which had effectively brought down his ( socialist ) predecessor andreas papandreou .

Variously suggested as Iraqi motives for causing the slick were ( i ) the desire to impede any allied amphibious assault on the Kuwaiti or south Iraqi shore as part of a ground offensive ; ( ii ) the intention of damaging Saudi coastal installations ; and ( iii ) the hope of provoking the allies into launching a full-scale ground offensive ahead of their preferred schedule .
variously suggested as iraqi motives for causing the slick were ( i ) the [want] to impede any allied amphibious assault on the kuwaiti or south iraqi shore as part of a ground offensive ; ( ii ) the intention of damaging saudi coastal installations ; and ( iii ) the hope of provoking the allies into launching a full-scale ground offensive ahead of their preferred schedule .

Western reports ascribed the relatively light sentences for the better-known dissidents to a desire to maintain good relations with the United States and the European Communities following the relaxation of sanctions in late 1990 [ see pp .
western reports ascribed the relatively light sentences for the better-known dissidents to a [want] to maintain good relations with the united states and the european communities following the relaxation of sanctions in late 1990 [ see pp .

The five affected ministers were believed to have expressed the desire to step down , but Chandra Shekhar ruled out their resignation , taking the strictly technical line that they could continue as ministers for six months without being members of parliament .
the five affected ministers were believed to have expressed the [want] to step down , but chandra shekhar ruled out their resignation , taking the strictly technical line that they could continue as ministers for six months without being members of parliament .

Diplomats and analysts disagreed as to whether this represented a clear mandate for continuity or reflected a growing , if tentative , desire for change .
diplomats and analysts disagreed as to whether this represented a clear mandate for continuity or reflected a growing , if tentative , [want] for change .

Mitterrand made clear his desire to see new treaties on political and monetary union concluded before the end of the year .
mitterrand made clear his [want] to see new treaties on political and monetary union concluded before the end of the year .

Delegates including Western human rights activists and diplomats attended a human rights conference in Tehran on Sept. 9-12 , which was described by some commentators as an indication of the Iranian government 's desire to end its international isolation .
delegates including western human rights activists and diplomats attended a human rights conference in tehran on sept. 9-12 , which was described by some commentators as an indication of the iranian government 's [want] to end its international isolation .

The pact was ostensibly motivated by a desire to eradicate political dynasties and corruption in favour of political renovation and democratic change .
the pact was ostensibly motivated by a [want] to eradicate political dynasties and corruption in favour of political renovation and democratic change .

The presidency 's draft reflects the unanimous desire to reinforce the identity and role of the Union as a political entity on the international scene , as well as the concern to ensure the consistency of all its external activities .
the presidency 's draft reflects the unanimous [want] to reinforce the identity and role of the union as a political entity on the international scene , as well as the concern to ensure the consistency of all its external activities .

Mindful of the desire of the people in both parts of Germany to live together in peace and freedom in a democratic and social federal state governed by the rule of law ,
mindful of the [want] of the people in both parts of germany to live together in peace and freedom in a democratic and social federal state governed by the rule of law ,

Although the Forum praised the French government 's efforts to bring `` peaceful evolution to self-determination `` in the French territory of New Caledonia , its desire to monitor the situation was rebuffed by the French government .
although the forum praised the french government 's efforts to bring `` peaceful evolution to self-determination `` in the french territory of new caledonia , its [want] to monitor the situation was rebuffed by the french government .

In the event , the meeting decreed an adjournment after only 90 minutes ; observers noted that there seemed to be a general desire to paper over the rifts caused by the Gulf war .
in the event , the meeting decreed an adjournment after only 90 minutes ; observers noted that there seemed to be a general [want] to paper over the rifts caused by the gulf war .

Both parties expressed a strong desire to avoid another tussle of this kind , and some politicians advocated that the Senate should be informally consulted before Bush announced future nominations .
both parties expressed a strong [want] to avoid another tussle of this kind , and some politicians advocated that the senate should be informally consulted before bush announced future nominations .

The Cabinet reshuffle reflected little significant change in the policies of Roh Tae Woo , although some observers considered it indicative of his desire to make greater efforts to sustain and develop the recent dialogue with North Korea .
the cabinet reshuffle reflected little significant change in the policies of roh tae woo , although some observers considered it indicative of his [want] to make greater efforts to sustain and develop the recent dialogue with north korea .

`` The European Council notes that 11 member states desire to continue on the path laid down by the Social Charter in 1989 [ see p. 37132 ] .
`` the european council notes that 11 member states [want] to continue on the path laid down by the social charter in 1989 [ see p. 37132 ] .

Both countries had been speaking for some time of their desire to improve relations , without making much progress .
both countries had been speaking for some time of their [want] to improve relations , without making much progress .

While some described it as an important strengthening of the rights of children , others saw it as a willingness to overturn natural family links in order to pander to a child 's desire to acquire richer parents .
while some described it as an important strengthening of the rights of children , others saw it as a willingness to overturn natural family links in order to pander to a child 's [want] to acquire richer parents .

Towards the end of the month , however , there were signs of a mutual desire to begin repairing the damage to bilateral relations caused by the events of September .
towards the end of the month , however , there were signs of a mutual [want] to begin repairing the damage to bilateral relations caused by the events of september .

Like the earlier incidents the raid was thought to have been motivated by a desire within the Papuan military to cut fuel supplies to the Bougainville rebels .
like the earlier incidents the raid was thought to have been motivated by a [want] within the papuan military to cut fuel supplies to the bougainville rebels .

( The second vote was to be of significance only if a majority expressed a desire for change in the first . )
( the second vote was to be of significance only if a majority expressed a [want] for change in the first . )

During the course of his visit Yeltsin made clear his desire to improve relations with South Korea and indicated that Russian forces in the Far East would be reduced sharply , and that military aid to North Korea would be suspended .
during the course of his visit yeltsin made clear his [want] to improve relations with south korea and indicated that russian forces in the far east would be reduced sharply , and that military aid to north korea would be suspended .

French President François Mitterrand 's visit to Israel and Jordan in late November demonstrated the French government 's desire to increase its involvement in the peace process .
french president françois mitterrand 's visit to israel and jordan in late november demonstrated the french government 's [want] to increase its involvement in the peace process .

This perception was heightened by his decision to focus the closing stages of his campaign not in the crucial mid-west `` swing states `` — those states which he had to win in order to retain his hold on the White House — but in an attempt to shore up his support in hitherto safe Republican states such as Florida , a pattern of behaviour widely seen as indicative of his desire to avoid being defeated by a landslide .
this perception was heightened by his decision to focus the closing stages of his campaign not in the crucial mid-west `` swing states `` — those states which he had to win in order to retain his hold on the white house — but in an attempt to shore up his support in hitherto safe republican states such as florida , a pattern of behaviour widely seen as indicative of his [want] to avoid being defeated by a landslide .

The government 's desire to play down the incident was set against a background of high political tension fuelled over recent months by widespread protests against austerity and official corruption and the persistent rumours that a repeat of the February military coup attempt was imminent [ see pp. 38759-60 ; 39048 ] .
the government 's [want] to play down the incident was set against a background of high political tension fuelled over recent months by widespread protests against austerity and official corruption and the persistent rumours that a repeat of the february military coup attempt was imminent [ see pp. 38759-60 ; 39048 ] .

The surprise decision to concentrate the main allied armoured thrust to the west of Kuwait was in part motivated by the desire to avoid having to make a frontal assault upon the extensive Iraqi fortifications on the Kuwaiti-Saudi Arabian border .
the surprise decision to concentrate the main allied armoured thrust to the west of kuwait was in part motivated by the [want] to avoid having to make a frontal assault upon the extensive iraqi fortifications on the kuwaiti-saudi arabian border .

The forced abdication followed major differences with Maj.-Gen. Lekhanya over ( i ) the King 's desire for dialogue with the South African liberation movement ; ( ii ) his complaints at corruption ; and ( iii ) his concern for broader participation in constitutional reform and the transition to democracy planned for 1992 .
the forced abdication followed major differences with maj.-gen. lekhanya over ( i ) the king 's [want] for dialogue with the south african liberation movement ; ( ii ) his complaints at corruption ; and ( iii ) his concern for broader participation in constitutional reform and the transition to democracy planned for 1992 .

The government , which had had good relations with Iraq , stressed its desire for a peaceful Arab solution to the conflict .
the government , which had had good relations with iraq , stressed its [want] for a peaceful arab solution to the conflict .

This was complicated by the desire of some hospitals and community services to apply for self-governing status and achieve total independence from health authority control , which often led to local conflicts .
this was complicated by the [want] of some hospitals and community services to apply for self-governing status and achieve total independence from health authority control , which often led to local conflicts .

Conclusions arrived at from the interim report following Semester 1 interviews pointed to an apparent need ( indeed , a desire ) on the part of students for them to be told of the Enterprise Content in each module in advance and for a level of understanding about transferable skills to be attained by students upon their arrival at Napier .
conclusions arrived at from the interim report following semester 1 interviews pointed to an apparent need ( indeed , a [want] ) on the part of students for them to be told of the enterprise content in each module in advance and for a level of understanding about transferable skills to be attained by students upon their arrival at napier .

Reformers who advocated social welfare regulation were motivated by ideals , but also by the desire to improve the productivity of the working class and to attract its support for particular political causes .
reformers who advocated social welfare regulation were motivated by ideals , but also by the [want] to improve the productivity of the working class and to attract its support for particular political causes .

The Caribbean population has been `` ghettoised `` ( though not on the American model , since they remain a minority even in the `` ghetto `` areas ) for a variety of reasons , among them discrimination in housing by Local Authorities , estate agents and private landlords : economic factors ; and the desire to live with other black people for the sake of community , solidarity and protection against racist attacks .
the caribbean population has been `` ghettoised `` ( though not on the american model , since they remain a minority even in the `` ghetto `` areas ) for a variety of reasons , among them discrimination in housing by local authorities , estate agents and private landlords : economic factors ; and the [want] to live with other black people for the sake of community , solidarity and protection against racist attacks .

This was hardly a comparison to Æthelred 's advantage , and must have occurred to many , who would doubtless have further agreed with Ælfric that a just war was one `` against the cruel seamen or against other nations who desire to destroy our homeland `` .
this was hardly a comparison to æthelred 's advantage , and must have occurred to many , who would doubtless have further agreed with ælfric that a just war was one `` against the cruel seamen or against other nations who [want] to destroy our homeland `` .

Carolingian influence on Wulfstan 's thought seems to have been marked , and doubtless increased his desire for a more peaceful society , but his aims and methods were so common that identifying his precise source on particular matters is difficult .
carolingian influence on wulfstan 's thought seems to have been marked , and doubtless increased his [want] for a more peaceful society , but his aims and methods were so common that identifying his precise source on particular matters is difficult .

Surviving members of the English royal family were an obvious focus for opposition , as Cnut 's desire to deny Edmund 's relatives their rights at the London meeting shows .
surviving members of the english royal family were an obvious focus for opposition , as cnut 's [want] to deny edmund 's relatives their rights at the london meeting shows .

The prime motive behind Cnut 's desire for the union was almost certainly to prevent her sons gaining Norman military assistance , and it may well have occurred in mid-1017 because the preceding months were occupied by negotiations with her brother Richard .
the prime motive behind cnut 's [want] for the union was almost certainly to prevent her sons gaining norman military assistance , and it may well have occurred in mid-1017 because the preceding months were occupied by negotiations with her brother richard .

It was possibly connected with a desire to discredit Æthelred , whose followers had murdered Edward , and who had acquired the throne as a result .
it was possibly connected with a [want] to discredit æthelred , whose followers had murdered edward , and who had acquired the throne as a result .

De Gaulle 's letters in the months before his return stressed that he would take no further initiatives until the French people had demonstrated their disgust with the existing regime and their desire for a radical change .
de gaulle 's letters in the months before his return stressed that he would take no further initiatives until the french people had demonstrated their disgust with the existing regime and their [want] for a radical change .

It might be thought that such policies spring from a desire , on the one hand , to ensure the free flowering of individual enterprise , and on the other , to guard against the tyrannies of `` big business `` .
it might be thought that such policies spring from a [want] , on the one hand , to ensure the free flowering of individual enterprise , and on the other , to guard against the tyrannies of `` big business `` .

( 4 ) ‘ Transfer Notice ’ shall mean a written notice served by a Member or any other person on the Company indicating his desire to transfer Shares ;
( 4 ) ‘ transfer notice ’ shall mean a written notice served by a member or any other person on the company indicating his [want] to transfer shares ;

( 4 ) ‘ Transfer Notice ’ shall mean a written notice served by a Member or any other person on the Company indicating his desire to transfer Shares ;
( 4 ) ‘ transfer notice ’ shall mean a written notice served by a member or any other person on the company indicating his [want] to transfer shares ;

The workmen desire to get as much , the masters to give as little as possible .
the workmen [want] to get as much , the masters to give as little as possible .

In a sense , a very basic one , the riots were political : `` a groping desire to settle accounts with the rich , if only for a day and to achieve some rough kind of social justice `` .
in a sense , a very basic one , the riots were political : `` a groping [want] to settle accounts with the rich , if only for a day and to achieve some rough kind of social justice `` .

However , recently , the courts have taken a more laissez-faire attitude to exclusion clauses and fundamental breach on the basis that the parties should be free to agree that there should be no liability under the contract even for a fundamental breach , if that was their desire , see Photo Productions Ltd. v Securicor Transport Ltd. [ 1980 ] .
however , recently , the courts have taken a more laissez-faire attitude to exclusion clauses and fundamental breach on the basis that the parties should be free to agree that there should be no liability under the contract even for a fundamental breach , if that was their [want] , see photo productions ltd. v securicor transport ltd. [ 1980 ] .

ii one to examine witnesses if the Arbitrators so desire .
ii one to examine witnesses if the arbitrators so [want] .

In these situations , the characters are related to one another by a basic set of human relationships : desire , friendship , hatred and rivalry .
in these situations , the characters are related to one another by a basic set of human relationships : [want] , friendship , hatred and rivalry .

That people delight in and desire the excitement and sensual pleasure found in sexual contact , food , bathing and money is an essential and straightforward assumption made in the fabliaux .
that people delight in and [want] the excitement and sensual pleasure found in sexual contact , food , bathing and money is an essential and straightforward assumption made in the fabliaux .

He traced a chain of development in the verbalization of sexual material from `` smut `` , `` `` Zote `` `` , which is characteristically used , he claims , by a man to excite a woman , to the joke itself as a covert expression of thwarted male sexual aggression and desire .
he traced a chain of development in the verbalization of sexual material from `` smut `` , `` `` zote `` `` , which is characteristically used , he claims , by a man to excite a woman , to the joke itself as a covert expression of thwarted male sexual aggression and [want] .

The situation for the fabliau , the clerk 's desire for the wife , and her vulnerability with her husband away , is rapidly set up with no superfluous details or distractions .
the situation for the fabliau , the clerk 's [want] for the wife , and her vulnerability with her husband away , is rapidly set up with no superfluous details or distractions .

The most telling point against Janette Richardson 's methodical interpretation may well be that no commercial benefits to the merchant can be imputed to his generosity and hospitality towards the monk ; the monk is invited to his house simply `` `` to pleye … in alle wise `` `` , `` to have fun in every way `` ( 59 – 61 ) , and is able to borrow a hundred francs from the merchant even at a time when cash in hand would be particularly useful to him in his business ( 255 – 92 ) : this , significantly , is the immediate context of the merchant 's reflection : Derek Pearsall nicely describes the poignant ambivalence of a single action that is motivated simultaneously by instinctive self-interest and by the `` `` inner springs `` `` of human virtue in the Shipman 's merchant 's desire both to be and to be recognized as generous .
the most telling point against janette richardson 's methodical interpretation may well be that no commercial benefits to the merchant can be imputed to his generosity and hospitality towards the monk ; the monk is invited to his house simply `` `` to pleye … in alle wise `` `` , `` to have fun in every way `` ( 59 – 61 ) , and is able to borrow a hundred francs from the merchant even at a time when cash in hand would be particularly useful to him in his business ( 255 – 92 ) : this , significantly , is the immediate context of the merchant 's reflection : derek pearsall nicely describes the poignant ambivalence of a single action that is motivated simultaneously by instinctive self-interest and by the `` `` inner springs `` `` of human virtue in the shipman 's merchant 's [want] both to be and to be recognized as generous .

We see Absolon submit to nature once more , when despite his reported courtly wakefulness in his desire for Alison ( 3373 ) , he decides upon a couple of hours ' nap before his waking and playing on the fateful night ( 3685 – 6 ) .
we see absolon submit to nature once more , when despite his reported courtly wakefulness in his [want] for alison ( 3373 ) , he decides upon a couple of hours ' nap before his waking and playing on the fateful night ( 3685 – 6 ) .

The infinitive event is expressed as non-realized with verbs expressing desire ( He wants , wishes , desires to leave ) , endeavour ( He tried , attempted , endeavoured to explain it to me ) , verbal command ( He asked , told , ordered , commanded them to open the door ) , requirement ( The law requires you to purchase a licence .
the infinitive event is expressed as non-realized with verbs expressing [want] ( he wants , wishes , desires to leave ) , endeavour ( he tried , attempted , endeavoured to explain it to me ) , verbal command ( he asked , told , ordered , commanded them to open the door ) , requirement ( the law requires you to purchase a licence .

The realization of this event is thus felt to be prospective , an object of the longing or desire of this person , hence the need for to .
the realization of this event is thus felt to be prospective , an object of the longing or [want] of this person , hence the need for to .

This second type of exclamation can not be analysed in exactly the same terms as the first type , however , since the infinitive refers to an event which has already occurred and not to one whose occurrence is an object of someone 's longing or desire .
this second type of exclamation can not be analysed in exactly the same terms as the first type , however , since the infinitive refers to an event which has already occurred and not to one whose occurrence is an object of someone 's longing or [want] .

In ( 1 ) above this gives rise to an impression of a prospective event , of a desire or longing on the part of the speaker to realize the action denoted by the infinitive , so that the to infinitive produces basically the same sort of impression in this first type of exclamation as in He struggled to get free : it evokes a prospective non-realized event .
in ( 1 ) above this gives rise to an impression of a prospective event , of a [want] or longing on the part of the speaker to realize the action denoted by the infinitive , so that the to infinitive produces basically the same sort of impression in this first type of exclamation as in he struggled to get free : it evokes a prospective non-realized event .

Friedrich ( 1961 : 34 – 7 ) gives the following list of substantives followed by the infinitive with to : attempt , decision , right , willingness , inclination , need , request , permission , promise , order , wish , petition , desire , goodness , impudence , cheek , impulse , endeavour , inspiration , ability , possibility , chance , occasion , obligation , determination , aim , propensity , the wit , tendency , temptation , hesitation , refusal , reluctance , failure .
friedrich ( 1961 : 34 – 7 ) gives the following list of substantives followed by the infinitive with to : attempt , decision , right , willingness , inclination , need , request , permission , promise , order , wish , petition , [want] , goodness , impudence , cheek , impulse , endeavour , inspiration , ability , possibility , chance , occasion , obligation , determination , aim , propensity , the wit , tendency , temptation , hesitation , refusal , reluctance , failure .

These various substantives evoke a state or quality which disposes the support to perform an action ( willingness , desire , impudence , ability , etc . )
these various substantives evoke a state or quality which disposes the support to perform an action ( willingness , [want] , impudence , ability , etc . )

She had no desire to open it .
she had no [want] to open it .

Banished to the cabin , she lay there full of joy , feeling the crazy desire of the old boat to put out once again into mid-stream .
banished to the cabin , she lay there full of joy , feeling the crazy [want] of the old boat to put out once again into mid-stream .

It is ( in Nietzsche 's words ) `` thoroughgoing romanticism and yearning for home [ Heimiveh ] … : it is the desire for the best that ever was .
it is ( in nietzsche 's words ) `` thoroughgoing romanticism and yearning for home [ heimiveh ] … : it is the [want] for the best that ever was .

It was also a desire for therapy , a wish to subordinate himself to the specific kind of `` scientific `` discipline that , over the previous half-century , classical philology had everywhere become .
it was also a [want] for therapy , a wish to subordinate himself to the specific kind of `` scientific `` discipline that , over the previous half-century , classical philology had everywhere become .

Unlike Aeschylus and Sophocles , he was not consistently popular , and his innovations did not arise from any desire to pander to the public .
unlike aeschylus and sophocles , he was not consistently popular , and his innovations did not arise from any [want] to pander to the public .

( Paragraph 32 : `` Countries which desire to reduce their birth rates are invited to give particular consideration to the reduction of fertility at the extremes of female reproductive ages because of the salutary effects this may have on infant and maternal welfare . ``
( paragraph 32 : `` countries which [want] to reduce their birth rates are invited to give particular consideration to the reduction of fertility at the extremes of female reproductive ages because of the salutary effects this may have on infant and maternal welfare . ``

The pervasiveness of these practices in the past and the desire for healthful spacing that remains among many peoples should be the principle upon which fertility regulation by modern means is introduced .
the pervasiveness of these practices in the past and the [want] for healthful spacing that remains among many peoples should be the principle upon which fertility regulation by modern means is introduced .

Large families are preferred in many cultures , though the people nonetheless desire that there be reasonably lengthy intervals between births .
large families are preferred in many cultures , though the people nonetheless [want] that there be reasonably lengthy intervals between births .

Brian , who had shared my experiences as a child in Abyssinia , had no desire to return there .
brian , who had shared my experiences as a child in abyssinia , had no [want] to return there .

The online catalogue was a spin-off which did not stem from any desire to serve the user better .
the online catalogue was a spin-off which did not stem from any [want] to serve the user better .

The ideal is to be honest in appraisal and imaginative in desire .
the ideal is to be honest in appraisal and imaginative in [want] .

It is only the desire to expand or competitive pressure which drives banks to lend to customers who are not one hundred per-cent secure .
it is only the [want] to expand or competitive pressure which drives banks to lend to customers who are not one hundred per-cent secure .

In both these there is a struggle between two opposing forces , between the mariner 's evil deed , and the need for penance , which provides the contrast between futility and lack of concern with which the mariner kills the albatross , rather evidently portraying what might in simple moralistic terms be defined as evil , and the desire to make amends for this wrongdoing .
in both these there is a struggle between two opposing forces , between the mariner 's evil deed , and the need for penance , which provides the contrast between futility and lack of concern with which the mariner kills the albatross , rather evidently portraying what might in simple moralistic terms be defined as evil , and the [want] to make amends for this wrongdoing .

The basis of his love is imaginative desire : he never speaks of the person that lies beneath ‘ Her eyes , her hair , her cheek , her gait , her voice ’ .
the basis of his love is imaginative [want] : he never speaks of the person that lies beneath ‘ her eyes , her hair , her cheek , her gait , her voice ’ .

Wilt thou be gone ? It is not yet near day ; It was the nightingale , and not the lark , That pierc 'd the fearful hollow of thine ear ; They have satisfied all physical desire , but still can not bear to be parted . However Troilus shows little interest in Cressida once the morning light has revealed her features and their bed ; and she seems to realise this :
wilt thou be gone ? it is not yet near day ; it was the nightingale , and not the lark , that pierc 'd the fearful hollow of thine ear ; they have satisfied all physical [want] , but still can not bear to be parted . however troilus shows little interest in cressida once the morning light has revealed her features and their bed ; and she seems to realise this :

But he achieves this with an intense desire for revenge .
but he achieves this with an intense [want] for revenge .

The consequences of his immorality have come to bear upon him , but he has no desire to reform the next generation :
the consequences of his immorality have come to bear upon him , but he has no [want] to reform the next generation :

These are the words spoken by the Bishop to those catechumens who , after the long period of formal preparation express their desire to be received into full communion with the Catholic Church .
these are the words spoken by the bishop to those catechumens who , after the long period of formal preparation express their [want] to be received into full communion with the catholic church .

fear , obsession , desire , envy ?
fear , obsession , [want] , envy ?

and revive an indestructible desire .
and revive an indestructible [want] .

the straightness of their lives and not desire
the straightness of their lives and not [want]

and nerves , an objectless desire ,
and nerves , an objectless [want] ,

desire is to force it open and fling
[want] is to force it open and fling

This may be in part a search for higher returns but it must also be a function of the desire to diversify away from the risk of the domestic market .
this may be in part a search for higher returns but it must also be a function of the [want] to diversify away from the risk of the domestic market .

But Rodney Shergold , normally so dapper and careful of his person , was not interested in chalk smudges ; his one desire was to escape from further conversation with Melissa .
but rodney shergold , normally so dapper and careful of his person , was not interested in chalk smudges ; his one [want] was to escape from further conversation with melissa .

She remembered his touch as he wrapped it around her shoulders and the slumbering animal within her stirred and stretched and unsheathed claws of desire .
she remembered his touch as he wrapped it around her shoulders and the slumbering animal within her stirred and stretched and unsheathed claws of [want] .

She wanted him to take her in his arms and make her feel once more the strong , swift surge of desire that she remembered from their one night together .
she wanted him to take her in his arms and make her feel once more the strong , swift surge of [want] that she remembered from their one night together .

of fear , anger , desire ,
of fear , anger , [want] ,

It was n't as he pretended the desire
it was n't as he pretended the [want]

Once again the tension between accountability and the desire to make the appraisal a valuable exercise created a dilemma .
once again the tension between accountability and the [want] to make the appraisal a valuable exercise created a dilemma .

Deputy Head ( Staff ) : ‘ Your desire for a pastoral commitment … problem ? ’
deputy head ( staff ) : ‘ your [want] for a pastoral commitment … problem ? ’

It plays a key role in keeping city streets on the move and is even the object of the best modern designers ' desire .
it plays a key role in keeping city streets on the move and is even the object of the best modern designers ' [want] .

Drink : Desire in search of a name : Do the French have the ‘ mot juste ’ to describe the desire for a reviving drink ? In the first of a monthly series , Michael Jackson hunts in vain
drink : [want] in search of a name : do the french have the ‘ mot juste ’ to describe the [want] for a reviving drink ? in the first of a monthly series , michael jackson hunts in vain

It is a desire millions of us know and share , yet for which we have no name .
it is a [want] millions of us know and share , yet for which we have no name .

This desire that can not find its name ( though it would dare speak it , if it could ) is pleasurable .
this [want] that can not find its name ( though it would dare speak it , if it could ) is pleasurable .

People will nevertheless say that the desire is for nothing more than alcohol .
people will nevertheless say that the [want] is for nothing more than alcohol .

These are sensuous pleasures at their most enjoyable when we ritualise them , but how do we feel when we desire them ?
these are sensuous pleasures at their most enjoyable when we ritualise them , but how do we feel when we [want] them ?

But , although Jacques claims that it is massively frustrating to watch Julie tripping round the flat half-naked and not be able to touch her , Mr Moore fails to project the necessary dashed and deviant desire .
but , although jacques claims that it is massively frustrating to watch julie tripping round the flat half-naked and not be able to touch her , mr moore fails to project the necessary dashed and deviant [want] .

But the tide runs deeper than that , and it is surely at one with the desire to reassert the place of the human figure at the heart of all forms of creative life .
but the tide runs deeper than that , and it is surely at one with the [want] to reassert the place of the human figure at the heart of all forms of creative life .

In his business style he bears many of the characteristics of an immigrant - including an overbearing , sometimes ruthless , desire to succeed .
in his business style he bears many of the characteristics of an immigrant - including an overbearing , sometimes ruthless , [want] to succeed .

The desire to hold their currencies unchanged against the mark led most West European countries to follow an increase in German rates on Thursday .
the [want] to hold their currencies unchanged against the mark led most west european countries to follow an increase in german rates on thursday .

The caution was prompted by a desire not to seem anxious to dominate the fledgeling party .
the caution was prompted by a [want] not to seem anxious to dominate the fledgeling party .

From time to time he was instructed to raise money by conducting sales of wood from the king 's demesne , and he carried out the king 's policy regarding mining in the forest , which wavered between a desire to increase the Forest revenues and concern lest the vert be destroyed .
from time to time he was instructed to raise money by conducting sales of wood from the king 's demesne , and he carried out the king 's policy regarding mining in the forest , which wavered between a [want] to increase the forest revenues and concern lest the vert be destroyed .

2 But in other counties desire to shake off the burden of the hated Forest law had fostered the growth of traditions which sought to justify its abolition .
2 but in other counties [want] to shake off the burden of the hated forest law had fostered the growth of traditions which sought to justify its abolition .

Another who seems to have greatly appreciated his visit to Scotland was the Spanish ambassador Don Pedro d'Ayala , who wrote an account of the country at the desire of Ferdinand and Isabella in 1498 .
another who seems to have greatly appreciated his visit to scotland was the spanish ambassador don pedro d'ayala , who wrote an account of the country at the [want] of ferdinand and isabella in 1498 .

Three were fear , desire for profit , and the assumption that there might be more quietness and better justice under the English than under Arran 's rule .
three were fear , [want] for profit , and the assumption that there might be more quietness and better justice under the english than under arran 's rule .

Their place in a group dominated by the Catholics no doubt reflected the regent 's desire for consent from Catholic and protestant alike ; and as yet she saw little reason to fear the Protestants , who must still have seemed to her far less of a threat than the strong Huguenot party in France .
their place in a group dominated by the catholics no doubt reflected the regent 's [want] for consent from catholic and protestant alike ; and as yet she saw little reason to fear the protestants , who must still have seemed to her far less of a threat than the strong huguenot party in france .

Those who composed them were certainly prepared to assert their intention to advance Protestantism , their desire for ‘ perpetual amity ’ with England , and their hostility to France .
those who composed them were certainly prepared to assert their intention to advance protestantism , their [want] for ‘ perpetual amity ’ with england , and their hostility to france .

And underneath the lofty claims that they were fulfilling the will of God and freeing the kingdom from oppression and tyranny , and the open attacks on the regent 's actions , there were still hints of the desire to come to terms , which reflect their awareness of how shaky the basis of their self-defence was .
and underneath the lofty claims that they were fulfilling the will of god and freeing the kingdom from oppression and tyranny , and the open attacks on the regent 's actions , there were still hints of the [want] to come to terms , which reflect their awareness of how shaky the basis of their self-defence was .

But help was now guaranteed , by a treaty which was the triumph of Cecil 's clear policy over Elizabeth 's instinctive desire to obfuscate and temporize .
but help was now guaranteed , by a treaty which was the triumph of cecil 's clear policy over elizabeth 's instinctive [want] to obfuscate and temporize .

More often , it is a case of a rejection of serious thought for the sake of some prejudice or desire .
more often , it is a case of a rejection of serious thought for the sake of some prejudice or [want] .

With an emotional frankness almost unique in pre-twentieth century philosophy , Pascal insists on his unhappiness and anxiety : ‘ We desire truth , and find within ourselves only uncertainty .
with an emotional frankness almost unique in pre-twentieth century philosophy , pascal insists on his unhappiness and anxiety : ‘ we [want] truth , and find within ourselves only uncertainty .

We can not but desire truth and happiness , and are incapable of certainty or happiness .
we can not but [want] truth and happiness , and are incapable of certainty or happiness .

The Colonel put it to Elisabeth that in the autumn of life , simple companionship was as much as one might expect , that a community of interests and a desire to see one 's partner pleased could turn what might otherwise be a lonely existence into well-being .
the colonel put it to elisabeth that in the autumn of life , simple companionship was as much as one might expect , that a community of interests and a [want] to see one 's partner pleased could turn what might otherwise be a lonely existence into well-being .

There had gradually developed in chapel life during the second half of the century a desire for greater dignity , order and something akin to the ‘ beauty of holiness ’ , if not that beauty itself .
there had gradually developed in chapel life during the second half of the century a [want] for greater dignity , order and something akin to the ‘ beauty of holiness ’ , if not that beauty itself .

The desire for improved services was centred among Congregationalists and Baptists while what we might call a larger search for dignity pertained to all the major denominations ; the Congregationalist , Dr George Barrett , told a 1900 meeting of the Free Church Council that ‘ Nonconformists have not yet enlisted the imagination as a handmaid to faith … We have yet to learn that form counts for something even in the holiest adoration of the heart .
the [want] for improved services was centred among congregationalists and baptists while what we might call a larger search for dignity pertained to all the major denominations ; the congregationalist , dr george barrett , told a 1900 meeting of the free church council that ‘ nonconformists have not yet enlisted the imagination as a handmaid to faith … we have yet to learn that form counts for something even in the holiest adoration of the heart .

Many opponents of the new desire for dignity were ministers trained by Spurgeon .
many opponents of the new [want] for dignity were ministers trained by spurgeon .

Despite the desire of some supporters to ‘ take advantage of the condition of the Public mind , brought about by the … Education Bill ’ the Society was unable to make any real headway .
despite the [want] of some supporters to ‘ take advantage of the condition of the public mind , brought about by the … education bill ’ the society was unable to make any real headway .

Then Todger stood up , motivated more by a desire to please Miss Harker than by any interest in the suffering of a bunch of strangers in such a distant place as America .
then todger stood up , motivated more by a [want] to please miss harker than by any interest in the suffering of a bunch of strangers in such a distant place as america .

The desire to be alone with nature , which Karajan 's elder brother took to the point of eccentricity , was there in Karajan too ; an impulse , at once delighted and dispassionate , to slough off mundane things .
the [want] to be alone with nature , which karajan 's elder brother took to the point of eccentricity , was there in karajan too ; an impulse , at once delighted and dispassionate , to slough off mundane things .

It can so easily look like a stunt or be represented as a desire wilfully to shape malleable material .
it can so easily look like a stunt or be represented as a [want] wilfully to shape malleable material .

Similarly the desire for closure , usually necessary to the recognition of an object , can lead to illusory assumptions .
similarly the [want] for closure , usually necessary to the recognition of an object , can lead to illusory assumptions .

Certainly one would have to agree that O'Neill did little to change either the reality or Catholic perceptions of their subordinate position in the polity and the economy but his failure almost certainly owed more to his lack of power than to his lack of desire .
certainly one would have to agree that o'neill did little to change either the reality or catholic perceptions of their subordinate position in the polity and the economy but his failure almost certainly owed more to his lack of power than to his lack of [want] .

It is perfectly clear that long before the procession came into sight , long before the procession had formed , these people in the Markets in their desire to be offended had come down from the side streets and had taken great trouble to he offended , and not only were prepared to be offended but were prepared to throw missiles , stones and other weapons … There is not a suggestion that one of these missiles were returned ; there is not one suggestion which can be made by anybody , no matter how evilly disposed he is to the organizer of the procession or to the purpose of the procession , that any violence was offered by a member of that procession .
it is perfectly clear that long before the procession came into sight , long before the procession had formed , these people in the markets in their [want] to be offended had come down from the side streets and had taken great trouble to he offended , and not only were prepared to be offended but were prepared to throw missiles , stones and other weapons … there is not a suggestion that one of these missiles were returned ; there is not one suggestion which can be made by anybody , no matter how evilly disposed he is to the organizer of the procession or to the purpose of the procession , that any violence was offered by a member of that procession .

Wylie 's desire to maintain a more traditional notion of religion as a matter of truth and falsity ( where those with the truth have an obligation publicly to denounce falsity ) brought him into conflict with the state and he responded to that challenge by standing for election to the council .
wylie 's [want] to maintain a more traditional notion of religion as a matter of truth and falsity ( where those with the truth have an obligation publicly to denounce falsity ) brought him into conflict with the state and he responded to that challenge by standing for election to the council .

They believed that the saints had a divine obligation to rule and to impose righteousness , even if the mass of the people showed no particular desire to live righteously .
they believed that the saints had a divine obligation to rule and to impose righteousness , even if the mass of the people showed no particular [want] to live righteously .

When the movement began they were attracted by a desire to attain certain goals .
when the movement began they were attracted by a [want] to attain certain goals .

So a horse can learn , or be conditioned , to need the affection and approval of people , for example , or have the desire to achieve and win races instilled in it .
so a horse can learn , or be conditioned , to need the affection and approval of people , for example , or have the [want] to achieve and win races instilled in it .

In hilly country , horses always like to spend some of each day on the tops of the hills : they need to satisfy their desire for the space and freedom that a hilltop provides .
in hilly country , horses always like to spend some of each day on the tops of the hills : they need to satisfy their [want] for the space and freedom that a hilltop provides .

Her desire and anxiety to anticipate her rider 's every request made her impossible to school in the restricted space of the dressage arena .
her [want] and anxiety to anticipate her rider 's every request made her impossible to school in the restricted space of the dressage arena .

It is not that people should be righteous in the expectation of some reward but rather they should behave righteously because of an inherent desire to do so .
it is not that people should be righteous in the expectation of some reward but rather they should behave righteously because of an inherent [want] to do so .

The desire to draw Ellen into her own life , to involve her in her worries , had left her .
the [want] to draw ellen into her own life , to involve her in her worries , had left her .

She could not be to Pen as Minnie was to Miss Arabel since there was a mother in between but she had a great desire to see her former charge treat her as freely when he reached manhood .
she could not be to pen as minnie was to miss arabel since there was a mother in between but she had a great [want] to see her former charge treat her as freely when he reached manhood .

Just how little the opening of a new Front in the east matched the widespread desire for a rapid end to the war , and how risky the extension of the conflict was felt to be , can be seen in the admission , a few months later , by Adolf Wagner , Gauleiter of Munich and Upper Bavaria , at a meeting of Party functionaries , that if Hitler had consulted the German people before the start of the war in the east about its readiness for the Russian campaign , the vast majority of the population would have said : ‘ My God , keep your hands off , my dear Adolf Hitler .
just how little the opening of a new front in the east matched the widespread [want] for a rapid end to the war , and how risky the extension of the conflict was felt to be , can be seen in the admission , a few months later , by adolf wagner , gauleiter of munich and upper bavaria , at a meeting of party functionaries , that if hitler had consulted the german people before the start of the war in the east about its readiness for the russian campaign , the vast majority of the population would have said : ‘ my god , keep your hands off , my dear adolf hitler .

An anonymous letter from an opponent of the regime in Franconia , condemning the ‘ puppet show ’ of the Reichstag and claiming ninety per cent of Germans shared his own desire , that Hitler ‘ disappear from the face of the earth as fast as possible ’ , was an absurd exaggeration .
an anonymous letter from an opponent of the regime in franconia , condemning the ‘ puppet show ’ of the reichstag and claiming ninety per cent of germans shared his own [want] , that hitler ‘ disappear from the face of the earth as fast as possible ’ , was an absurd exaggeration .

Wanting to be beautiful , wanting people to find us attractive , is a desire which is planted in girls at a very early age .
wanting to be beautiful , wanting people to find us attractive , is a [want] which is planted in girls at a very early age .

The baby book gives us another glimpse into parents ' and societies ' attitudes towards girls ' bodies with the comment that Alison is ‘ prudish ’ about her body at ten , and the noting of her ‘ slight breast development ’ . Surely ‘ prudish ’ is simply a natural desire for privacy and separation which is an essential part of growing up ; and surely having your parents writing about your breast development in a baby book is not very likely to make you feel unselfconscious about it !
the baby book gives us another glimpse into parents ' and societies ' attitudes towards girls ' bodies with the comment that alison is ‘ prudish ’ about her body at ten , and the noting of her ‘ slight breast development ’ . surely ‘ prudish ’ is simply a natural [want] for privacy and separation which is an essential part of growing up ; and surely having your parents writing about your breast development in a baby book is not very likely to make you feel unselfconscious about it !

The reason was a familiarly political one : the desire to apply a lever to the other side of the threatening Moravians .
the reason was a familiarly political one : the [want] to apply a lever to the other side of the threatening moravians .

Most of them are well-meaning , public-spirited souls with little desire for glory , committee people prepared to serve their lives huddled over blotters in council chambers from the broadcasting authorities to the Sea Fish Authority , successor to the legendary White Fish Authority .
most of them are well-meaning , public-spirited souls with little [want] for glory , committee people prepared to serve their lives huddled over blotters in council chambers from the broadcasting authorities to the sea fish authority , successor to the legendary white fish authority .

Some of this desire for peace seems to have been genuine , and not connected merely with the glory it might bring the President .
some of this [want] for peace seems to have been genuine , and not connected merely with the glory it might bring the president .

The President himself had transmuted it into a grand desire for peace .
the president himself had transmuted it into a grand [want] for peace .

SHe had no desire to discover for hirself at what point serious physical injury might occur .
she had no [want] to discover for hirself at what point serious physical injury might occur .

SHe had eventually given in to a desire to seek Tammuz out , even though SHe already recognised the signs which meant he wanted to be left alone .
she had eventually given in to a [want] to seek tammuz out , even though she already recognised the signs which meant he wanted to be left alone .

Yet they were bright with more than lust , brighter with other kinds of desire .
yet they were bright with more than lust , brighter with other kinds of [want] .

The next sentence was written in a writhe of desire , one hand already beginning a masturbatory stroke .
the next sentence was written in a writhe of [want] , one hand already beginning a masturbatory stroke .

After he had jerked out his desire into an already grubby handkerchief he had cried a little , sick with disgust .
after he had jerked out his [want] into an already grubby handkerchief he had cried a little , sick with disgust .

His body took it in , took her in , and the desire which reared in him was the strongest he had ever experienced .
his body took it in , took her in , and the [want] which reared in him was the strongest he had ever experienced .

He was sure that she was animated by the same desire .
he was sure that she was animated by the same [want] .

Marnham records the unusual theory put forward by Simenon 's son John that his father 's sexual appetite ‘ may have been a consequence of the family 's acute sense of smell ’ — the latter being essential apparently , in order to feel sexual desire .
marnham records the unusual theory put forward by simenon 's son john that his father 's sexual appetite ‘ may have been a consequence of the family 's acute sense of smell ’ — the latter being essential apparently , in order to feel sexual [want] .

The first , a deep and strong desire , was that he should win his own mandate from the people .
the first , a deep and strong [want] , was that he should win his own mandate from the people .

The overwhelming desire of the Chris Pattens and Sarah Hoggs and Michael Heseltines was to get away from what they saw as the incubus of Mrs Thatcher .
the overwhelming [want] of the chris pattens and sarah hoggs and michael heseltines was to get away from what they saw as the incubus of mrs thatcher .

The performance of the play at the Lyric in 1973 , featuring Alec Guinness in the role of a doctor with sex on the brain and an urgent desire to locate it elsewhere , elicited hysterical laughter from the audience .
the performance of the play at the lyric in 1973 , featuring alec guinness in the role of a doctor with sex on the brain and an urgent [want] to locate it elsewhere , elicited hysterical laughter from the audience .

He has not won it since he demolished John Parrott in 1989 — and he has shown a total commitment and desire to lift the trophy at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield on May 4 .
he has not won it since he demolished john parrott in 1989 — and he has shown a total commitment and [want] to lift the trophy at the crucible theatre in sheffield on may 4 .

And that was about Forest 's contribution to an afternoon when they were content to file back and hope that United 's desire to win the trophy with a flourish might leave them vulnerable .
and that was about forest 's contribution to an afternoon when they were content to file back and hope that united 's [want] to win the trophy with a flourish might leave them vulnerable .

His Cabinet changes reflect his desire to reassure the Right while demonstrating his commitment to a more ‘ caring ’ form of Conservatism .
his cabinet changes reflect his [want] to reassure the right while demonstrating his commitment to a more ‘ caring ’ form of conservatism .

The preliminary results , particularly in Teheran , indicate Iranians ' weariness with more than a decade of revolutionary turmoil and a desire to rebuild the economy following the eight-year war with Iraq .
the preliminary results , particularly in teheran , indicate iranians ' weariness with more than a decade of revolutionary turmoil and a [want] to rebuild the economy following the eight-year war with iraq .

But at the last moment she lost the desire to do so , because his face was not merely sad but forbidding , even hostile .
but at the last moment she lost the [want] to do so , because his face was not merely sad but forbidding , even hostile .

That is what stokes their desire to flee ( if only the damned rand were not so low , and the idea of settling in Ealing so bloody depressing ) ; what scares the living daylights out of the lovely green suburbs .
that is what stokes their [want] to flee ( if only the damned rand were not so low , and the idea of settling in ealing so bloody depressing ) ; what scares the living daylights out of the lovely green suburbs .

The clash between the demands of the Welfare State and Britain 's desire to regain her position as a great power had claimed its first victim !
the clash between the demands of the welfare state and britain 's [want] to regain her position as a great power had claimed its first victim !

It 's still not widely appreciated that men can want to be objects , as much as agents , of desire .
it 's still not widely appreciated that men can want to be objects , as much as agents , of [want] .

New pop had rapidly lost its mischief and settled down into a post-rock , post-teenage maturity , peddling naff fantasies of sophistication to a new generation of moneyed teeny-boppers whose only desire was to grow up as soon as possible .
new pop had rapidly lost its mischief and settled down into a post-rock , post-teenage maturity , peddling naff fantasies of sophistication to a new generation of moneyed teeny-boppers whose only [want] was to grow up as soon as possible .

For the Stones , desire was obviously the enemy of materialism , work and a planned life .
for the stones , [want] was obviously the enemy of materialism , work and a planned life .

But today desire has become incorporated as one element in a life 's work .
but today [want] has become incorporated as one element in a life 's work .

With The Smiths it was a question not of desire but of longing — the yearning to belong to or with someone , to belong somewhere .
with the smiths it was a question not of [want] but of longing — the yearning to belong to or with someone , to belong somewhere .

This vision of love as healing or therapeutic , scours desire of its irrational elements , ravenous appetite , inequality , worship , degradation and devouring .
this vision of love as healing or therapeutic , scours [want] of its irrational elements , ravenous appetite , inequality , worship , degradation and devouring .

Prince has a near-pathological desire to escape the confining fixity of an identity .
prince has a near-pathological [want] to escape the confining fixity of an identity .

His being , his desire , is stretched and broken over sexual/racial divides .
his being , his [want] , is stretched and broken over sexual/racial divides .

For all its Hendrix-derived elements of bravura free expression , dextrous embellishment and luxury , Prince 's music rarely loses touch with James Brown 's locked groove of desire , mesmerizing monotony and crude assertion of repetition .
for all its hendrix-derived elements of bravura free expression , dextrous embellishment and luxury , prince 's music rarely loses touch with james brown 's locked groove of [want] , mesmerizing monotony and crude assertion of repetition .

Another angle to this contradiction is the way Prince is torn between the urge to be naked and the desire to dress up , between porn explicitness and the veils of flamboyance .
another angle to this contradiction is the way prince is torn between the urge to be naked and the [want] to dress up , between porn explicitness and the veils of flamboyance .

‘ Pride and dignity ’ appears to be barely different from conventional ambition/self-presentation/self-nurture , ultimately amounting to little more than the uncritical desire to participate in society on its own terms .
‘ pride and dignity ’ appears to be barely different from conventional ambition/self-presentation/self-nurture , ultimately amounting to little more than the uncritical [want] to participate in society on its own terms .

Nick Cave surfaced at a time when post-punk 's handle on the workings of desire was diagrammatic and programmatic .
nick cave surfaced at a time when post-punk 's handle on the workings of [want] was diagrammatic and programmatic .

Against this view of love as contract , Cave , in The Birthday Party , was almost alone in reinvoking love as malady , monologue , abject dependence , whose ultimate expression could only be violence : the recurrent theme of girl-murder , or at the opposite pole the paroxysm of desire in ‘ Zoo Music Girl ’ , ‘ Oh !
against this view of love as contract , cave , in the birthday party , was almost alone in reinvoking love as malady , monologue , abject dependence , whose ultimate expression could only be violence : the recurrent theme of girl-murder , or at the opposite pole the paroxysm of [want] in ‘ zoo music girl ’ , ‘ oh !

When someone uses the conventional cues and triggers of emotion in this way , all they end up communicating is the desire to cue an acquired reflex .
when someone uses the conventional cues and triggers of emotion in this way , all they end up communicating is the [want] to cue an acquired reflex .

Ah , but it 's this very desire for a ‘ real soul ’ that is the malaise .
ah , but it 's this very [want] for a ‘ real soul ’ that is the malaise .

The desire to ingratiate a way into the listener 's consciousness and thus inveigle an all-important content is the reason all these groups draw inspiration from Sinatra , Bacharach and David , Sondheim , Steely Dan , early seventies ' soul , to produce slick , crafted , sophisticated pop .
the [want] to ingratiate a way into the listener 's consciousness and thus inveigle an all-important content is the reason all these groups draw inspiration from sinatra , bacharach and david , sondheim , steely dan , early seventies ' soul , to produce slick , crafted , sophisticated pop .

There seems to be a common thread here — a desire to rise above northern grim limits into a world of sleek , cosmopolitan opportunity , and at the same time an anxiety to retain one 's roots .
there seems to be a common thread here — a [want] to rise above northern grim limits into a world of sleek , cosmopolitan opportunity , and at the same time an anxiety to retain one 's roots .

To reduce the desire for formal negotiating sessions but to remove suspicions that workers in the American South are being treated as low-cost , both the American plants tie wages to national car-industry levels , taking an average of pay at American and other car makers .
to reduce the [want] for formal negotiating sessions but to remove suspicions that workers in the american south are being treated as low-cost , both the american plants tie wages to national car-industry levels , taking an average of pay at american and other car makers .

It is interesting to note that this example shows that what underlies Hobbes 's rejection of formal causes is , perhaps , no more than an impatience with what the Aristotelians said about them , and a desire to disassociate himself from that tradition .
it is interesting to note that this example shows that what underlies hobbes 's rejection of formal causes is , perhaps , no more than an impatience with what the aristotelians said about them , and a [want] to disassociate himself from that tradition .

Moral philosophy , then , deals not with man 's ability to ‘ represent ’ in perception , but with what Hobbes calls the ‘ motions of the mind ’ — desire , aversion , love , and benevolence .
moral philosophy , then , deals not with man 's ability to ‘ represent ’ in perception , but with what hobbes calls the ‘ motions of the mind ’ — [want] , aversion , love , and benevolence .

It is ‘ the fountain of sense ’ , for , by the ‘ vital motion ’ it produces , it governs what we perceive , think , feel , and desire .
it is ‘ the fountain of sense ’ , for , by the ‘ vital motion ’ it produces , it governs what we perceive , think , feel , and [want] .

But the having of a principle of action , as opposed to the unreflecting impulsive acting out of a desire , has , in fact , no place in Hobbes 's scheme ( unless such principles are taken simply to be settled general desires ) .
but the having of a principle of action , as opposed to the unreflecting impulsive acting out of a [want] , has , in fact , no place in hobbes 's scheme ( unless such principles are taken simply to be settled general desires ) .

What we might think of as a process of deliberation and choice about our desires is , for him , simply the interplay and jostling of desires amongst themselves ; and what we call ‘ will ’ is simply the desire that wins .
what we might think of as a process of deliberation and choice about our desires is , for him , simply the interplay and jostling of desires amongst themselves ; and what we call ‘ will ’ is simply the [want] that wins .

But though desire determines actions in this way , there nevertheless is , argues Hobbes , a sense in which we can be free .
but though [want] determines actions in this way , there nevertheless is , argues hobbes , a sense in which we can be free .

There is no loss of liberty in being carried along on our strongest desire , even when , because of the external circumstances of physical threat , that desire is to turn away from satisfying some other desire .
there is no loss of liberty in being carried along on our strongest [want] , even when , because of the external circumstances of physical threat , that [want] is to turn away from satisfying some other [want] .

We are unfree , not when our strongest desire is displaced by an even stronger one , but when it is thwarted by external circumstances and becomes impossible of realization .
we are unfree , not when our strongest [want] is displaced by an even stronger one , but when it is thwarted by external circumstances and becomes impossible of realization .

The phenomena it studies , such as pity and benevolence , are explained in terms of a basic desire for pleasure , and aversion to pain , and in their turn these are explained in terms of the ‘ vital motion ’ of the blood .
the phenomena it studies , such as pity and benevolence , are explained in terms of a basic [want] for pleasure , and aversion to pain , and in their turn these are explained in terms of the ‘ vital motion ’ of the blood .

In a similar way the phenomena of political philosophy , ‘ the civil duties of a subject ’ , are , we shall see , reduced to , or explained in terms of , their causes in our basic desire for the pleasurable enhancement of the blood 's vital motion .
in a similar way the phenomena of political philosophy , ‘ the civil duties of a subject ’ , are , we shall see , reduced to , or explained in terms of , their causes in our basic [want] for the pleasurable enhancement of the blood 's vital motion .

Anyone with a desire for truth will unreflectingly and instinctively do this .
anyone with a [want] for truth will unreflectingly and instinctively do this .

The European Community consists of nation-states united by their desire to create greater economic wealth for themselves .
the european community consists of nation-states united by their [want] to create greater economic wealth for themselves .

Both committees were the result of Chris Patten 's desire to see more forward-thinking and more co-operation between departments .
both committees were the result of chris patten 's [want] to see more forward-thinking and more co-operation between departments .

Even allowing for a desire to please his audience , sentiments of that sort sound better news than warnings of confrontation .
even allowing for a [want] to please his audience , sentiments of that sort sound better news than warnings of confrontation .

Instead , he has relied on great fitness and stamina to enable him to keep sprinting in at full pace , and speed of arm and perfect balance to capitalize on the momentum ; combined with an unrelenting desire to keep on taking more and more wickets , it has all proved irresistible .
instead , he has relied on great fitness and stamina to enable him to keep sprinting in at full pace , and speed of arm and perfect balance to capitalize on the momentum ; combined with an unrelenting [want] to keep on taking more and more wickets , it has all proved irresistible .

Helen believed unshakeably in his genius and was determined to enable him to realize his potential as a writer — a poet , like Shelley , she believed at this rime — without sacrificing her own strong desire for freedom of independent action , untrammelled by the stuffy conventions of the elders she suspected of hypocrisy .
helen believed unshakeably in his genius and was determined to enable him to realize his potential as a writer — a poet , like shelley , she believed at this rime — without sacrificing her own strong [want] for freedom of independent action , untrammelled by the stuffy conventions of the elders she suspected of hypocrisy .

It may open with desire of woman , but it ends with unexpected consolation or with another desire not of woman .
it may open with [want] of woman , but it ends with unexpected consolation or with another [want] not of woman .

He was consumed with desire for the possession to come and whenever he could he tried to add to the 45/ in the Post Office Savings Bank so that they could spend some time away together with Dad Uzzell .
he was consumed with [want] for the possession to come and whenever he could he tried to add to the 45/ in the post office savings bank so that they could spend some time away together with dad uzzell .

His letters to Helen , in particular , uncover the head for business , the punctilious sense of irritable rightness , and the concomitant sudden bouts of self-distrust that marched alongside his desire for an extended life of idealized perfection , similar to the intense moments of joyful peace he had discovered for himself during walks .
his letters to helen , in particular , uncover the head for business , the punctilious sense of irritable rightness , and the concomitant sudden bouts of self-distrust that marched alongside his [want] for an extended life of idealized perfection , similar to the intense moments of joyful peace he had discovered for himself during walks .

After his return to London from Pontardulais , Edward and Helen were finding it more difficult than ever to contain their desire for complete sexual union .
after his return to london from pontardulais , edward and helen were finding it more difficult than ever to contain their [want] for complete sexual union .

What seems to be driving them is a desire to create the small-town feeling that is fast disappearing in America .
what seems to be driving them is a [want] to create the small-town feeling that is fast disappearing in america .

But would it not seem natural for the people who were helped to escape from Hitler now to help those who are resisting Saddam Hussein , and to understand the desire for liberty of the Balts ? After Auschwitz , would you not expect Germans to take every conceivable care to stop German arms filtering through to where they could threaten Israel ? Yet Iraq has been acquiring German weapons for years and Germany is now pledging , for the umpteenth time , finally to block the holes in its arms-export controls .
but would it not seem natural for the people who were helped to escape from hitler now to help those who are resisting saddam hussein , and to understand the [want] for liberty of the balts ? after auschwitz , would you not expect germans to take every conceivable care to stop german arms filtering through to where they could threaten israel ? yet iraq has been acquiring german weapons for years and germany is now pledging , for the umpteenth time , finally to block the holes in its arms-export controls .

Despite the urgent desire of some of the smaller Gulf states to return to a 1950s world where their security was assured by British soldiers , the foreign secretary , Douglas Hurd , is determined that there will be no return to an ‘ East of Suez ’ policy .
despite the urgent [want] of some of the smaller gulf states to return to a 1950s world where their security was assured by british soldiers , the foreign secretary , douglas hurd , is determined that there will be no return to an ‘ east of suez ’ policy .

Macmillan saw privatization as an ideological approach to the problems of industry motivated by a simple desire on the part of Government to make some quick money .
macmillan saw privatization as an ideological approach to the problems of industry motivated by a simple [want] on the part of government to make some quick money .

What an economy needs is shareholders who have both a long-term interest in the companies they own and the desire and ability to apply some discipline to managers .
what an economy needs is shareholders who have both a long-term interest in the companies they own and the [want] and ability to apply some discipline to managers .

The desire for a normal life of love , work and friendship runs through these essays , cutting against the grain of the totalitarian state .
the [want] for a normal life of love , work and friendship runs through these essays , cutting against the grain of the totalitarian state .

On this aspect of the story Mr Sale is an invaluable guide and teacher , but he goes well over the top in his determination to present Columbus as the representative of a devilish western world driven only by the desire to rape , grab and despoil a land of innocence .
on this aspect of the story mr sale is an invaluable guide and teacher , but he goes well over the top in his determination to present columbus as the representative of a devilish western world driven only by the [want] to rape , grab and despoil a land of innocence .

In the name of a claimed desire to simplify current spelling and remove anomalies and contradictions , it is now decreed , for example , that plurals of all foreign words will henceforth take an s , as in French .
in the name of a claimed [want] to simplify current spelling and remove anomalies and contradictions , it is now decreed , for example , that plurals of all foreign words will henceforth take an s , as in french .

Objects of desire
objects of [want]

Mr Medvedev describes forthrightly how incompetence in the Soviet nuclear industry led to the disaster , and how a lack of foresight and a desire to evade responsibility needlessly exacerbated its consequences .
mr medvedev describes forthrightly how incompetence in the soviet nuclear industry led to the disaster , and how a lack of foresight and a [want] to evade responsibility needlessly exacerbated its consequences .

The government 's much-vaunted desire to consult operated only within those limits .
the government 's much-vaunted [want] to consult operated only within those limits .

One threat comes from Europe 's desire to carry its Euro-integration into foreign policy , security policy and ultimately defence policy .
one threat comes from europe 's [want] to carry its euro-integration into foreign policy , security policy and ultimately defence policy .

The risk is that the professed desire of Europeans to co-ordinate their policies more closely masks a prospect of joint inaction .
the risk is that the professed [want] of europeans to co-ordinate their policies more closely masks a prospect of joint inaction .

The crack widened recently after the Polish primate , Cardinal Jozef Glemp , announced his desire to end the ‘ communist-inspired ’ separation of church and state .
the crack widened recently after the polish primate , cardinal jozef glemp , announced his [want] to end the ‘ communist-inspired ’ separation of church and state .

‘ Those who desire to win the favour of princes generally endeavour to do so by offering them those things which they themselves prize most , or such as they observe the prince to delight in most . ’ Niccolo Machiavelli
‘ those who [want] to win the favour of princes generally endeavour to do so by offering them those things which they themselves prize most , or such as they observe the prince to delight in most . ’ niccolo machiavelli

Mr Papandreou , aged 70 , is under increasing pressure to reach a compromise solution with his political opponents as Greek voters have no desire to go to the polls again for a third time in less than six months .
mr papandreou , aged 70 , is under increasing pressure to reach a compromise solution with his political opponents as greek voters have no [want] to go to the polls again for a third time in less than six months .

They were about continuity , they were about the desire of Painting to go on living .
they were about continuity , they were about the [want] of painting to go on living .

Reflecting both the sense of momentous events in Eastern Europe and the desire to strengthen the political role of the European Parliament , MEPs were unexpectedly addressed yesterday both by Chancellor Kohl and President Mitterrand , President of the European Council .
reflecting both the sense of momentous events in eastern europe and the [want] to strengthen the political role of the european parliament , meps were unexpectedly addressed yesterday both by chancellor kohl and president mitterrand , president of the european council .

‘ And what makes me mad is this flippant desire to dismiss it as dead .
‘ and what makes me mad is this flippant [want] to dismiss it as dead .

But others may see his move as evidence of a desire to use the election campaign to concentrate on moves towards reunification with East Germany .
but others may see his move as evidence of a [want] to use the election campaign to concentrate on moves towards reunification with east germany .

Meanwhile , the desire for community unity in Strasbourg in the face of events in Eastern Europe means a flexibly-interpreted communique will emerge from the summit on Saturday .
meanwhile , the [want] for community unity in strasbourg in the face of events in eastern europe means a flexibly-interpreted communique will emerge from the summit on saturday .

Mr Kinnock has spoken of his desire to give London at least one grand projet on Parisian lines .
mr kinnock has spoken of his [want] to give london at least one grand projet on parisian lines .

It is a way in which diversity and the desire to better oneself can be accommodated .
it is a way in which diversity and the [want] to better oneself can be accommodated .

‘ It is difficult to judge how far this attempt to appeal to the baser sort is dictated by the mere desire to be re-elected ( which , though by no means admirable , is , we suppose , understandable enough ) , rather than by any firm conviction ; or how far a re-elected Tory government would seek to put these detestable principles into practice .
‘ it is difficult to judge how far this attempt to appeal to the baser sort is dictated by the mere [want] to be re-elected ( which , though by no means admirable , is , we suppose , understandable enough ) , rather than by any firm conviction ; or how far a re-elected tory government would seek to put these detestable principles into practice .

The Rough Guide for Morocco , for instance , suggests that it may help to take along an apparently disinterested friend to the shop or bazaar : in an effort to hurry the deal along , your friend is supposed to express the desire to leave .
the rough guide for morocco , for instance , suggests that it may help to take along an apparently disinterested friend to the shop or bazaar : in an effort to hurry the deal along , your friend is supposed to express the [want] to leave .

The desire of the Cambridge Boat Club to win this year began the evening they lost last year .
the [want] of the cambridge boat club to win this year began the evening they lost last year .

But what if you 're just an average Joe ? What if , just like me , you generally desire to be fitter and thinner but are certainly not going to do anything as ludicrous as measure your pulse or rate of oxygen depletion ?
but what if you 're just an average joe ? what if , just like me , you generally [want] to be fitter and thinner but are certainly not going to do anything as ludicrous as measure your pulse or rate of oxygen depletion ?

Their desire to play an expansive game is often dangerous , verging on the suicidal .
their [want] to play an expansive game is often dangerous , verging on the suicidal .

The last three elections were all foregone conclusions , and the last-minute swings against the party that was clearly going to win in two of them — against the Tories in 1979 and 1983 — probably only reflected some floating voters ' desire not to see any party have too large a majority .
the last three elections were all foregone conclusions , and the last-minute swings against the party that was clearly going to win in two of them — against the tories in 1979 and 1983 — probably only reflected some floating voters ' [want] not to see any party have too large a majority .

The election 's last-minute switch to Labour probably reflected a genuine desire on some voters ' part to get the Tories out .
the election 's last-minute switch to labour probably reflected a genuine [want] on some voters ' part to get the tories out .

As he was held between the conflicting pressures of wind and water , so he was caught between the desire to reach Mariana and offer her comfort and the need to husband his remaining strength — but he knew that the husbanding of his strength was paramount if they were to survive .
as he was held between the conflicting pressures of wind and water , so he was caught between the [want] to reach mariana and offer her comfort and the need to husband his remaining strength — but he knew that the husbanding of his strength was paramount if they were to survive .

He did n't seem upset that it was empty and Trent had the feeling that , given the chance , the President would have poured himself another whisky and drunk it for something to do rather than from desire for alcohol .
he did n't seem upset that it was empty and trent had the feeling that , given the chance , the president would have poured himself another whisky and drunk it for something to do rather than from [want] for alcohol .

Their desire to escape the rain might hurry their attack — not much but enough to give him a small advantage .
their [want] to escape the rain might hurry their attack — not much but enough to give him a small advantage .

Do n't think , look , he screamed against the desire to shut his eyes against the terror of the fall .
do n't think , look , he screamed against the [want] to shut his eyes against the terror of the fall .

The Financial Times identified the government 's desire to oil the progress of the electricity privatisation by reducing investment in pollution control .
the financial times identified the government 's [want] to oil the progress of the electricity privatisation by reducing investment in pollution control .

As it turned out , it seems to have been inspired by a desire to bolster government policy rather than to make an objective assessment of the state of trees .
as it turned out , it seems to have been inspired by a [want] to bolster government policy rather than to make an objective assessment of the state of trees .

One of the driving forces behind some supporters of a single European market is the desire to create a European superstate .
one of the driving forces behind some supporters of a single european market is the [want] to create a european superstate .

Moreover , Le Pen 's party , despite a professed desire to rejuvenate French politics , has done more to make it absurd than any other , quite apart from the base populist ideas which it propagates .
moreover , le pen 's party , despite a professed [want] to rejuvenate french politics , has done more to make it absurd than any other , quite apart from the base populist ideas which it propagates .

‘ It is the most common form , an anti-parliamentarianism of crisis , a sudden flame of protest against the cronies who govern us , a deep desire , which come from a desperate belief that ‘ things must change ’ .
‘ it is the most common form , an anti-parliamentarianism of crisis , a sudden flame of protest against the cronies who govern us , a deep [want] , which come from a desperate belief that ‘ things must change ’ .

This desire to achieve unity along German lines often expressed itself in a distaste for the legalistic rationalism of the West ( France , England ) .
this [want] to achieve unity along german lines often expressed itself in a distaste for the legalistic rationalism of the west ( france , england ) .

This touched a raw nerve in Germany , the romantic desire to escape from conflict .
this touched a raw nerve in germany , the romantic [want] to escape from conflict .

The German romantic desire to escape from conflict and to arrive back at a state of harmony and unity is one of the most important psychological motives behind European federalism , and it ignores the basic fact that politics is always messy , divided and unharmonious .
the german romantic [want] to escape from conflict and to arrive back at a state of harmony and unity is one of the most important psychological motives behind european federalism , and it ignores the basic fact that politics is always messy , divided and unharmonious .

This was consolidated by the desire of smaller states to make the best of their inevitable inferiority by gaining a place at the top table through federation , and by the gradual decline of Austria as the only credible rival for hegemony in Central Europe .
this was consolidated by the [want] of smaller states to make the best of their inevitable inferiority by gaining a place at the top table through federation , and by the gradual decline of austria as the only credible rival for hegemony in central europe .

Subsidiarity is also being dropped in other areas in favour of ‘ parallelism ’ — a more frank admission of the need and desire to centralise power :
subsidiarity is also being dropped in other areas in favour of ‘ parallelism ’ — a more frank admission of the need and [want] to centralise power :

The village of Mojacar is enchanting and provokes a desire to discover more about its fascinating history — how it was conquered by the Moors and recaptured centuries later by the Catholic Kings .
the village of mojacar is enchanting and provokes a [want] to discover more about its fascinating history — how it was conquered by the moors and recaptured centuries later by the catholic kings .

They should be appropriate to the stated aims of the organisation , rather than to an individual or sub-group 's desire to maximise their own aims .
they should be appropriate to the stated aims of the organisation , rather than to an individual or sub-group 's [want] to maximise their own aims .

Andrew Lang : Song from The World 's Desire
andrew lang : song from the world 's [want]

Wendy , whose sense of humour was more practical than mine , had the almost irrepressible desire to mix them up , but decency prevailed .
wendy , whose sense of humour was more practical than mine , had the almost irrepressible [want] to mix them up , but decency prevailed .

At first our new billet appeared all that we could desire , and we revelled in the luxury of the sitting-room .
at first our new billet appeared all that we could [want] , and we revelled in the luxury of the sitting-room .

Yea hungry for the lips of my desire :
yea hungry for the lips of my [want] :

It is , therefore , claimed that the desire of the theist to make a necessarily true statement of fact is impossible .
it is , therefore , claimed that the [want] of the theist to make a necessarily true statement of fact is impossible .

It is noticeable that the Russell-Copleston debate became embroiled in a discussion of necessary propositions , a discussion made necessary by Copleston 's desire to show Russell that the world is such that it must be the case that it has a Creator . But does theism have to make such a case ? Is n't it making the mistake of claiming too much ? Is n't it unnecessarily raising the stakes here ? Do we really have to be sure that God exists in order to believe in God ? Can not we argue , indeed , on the basis of the usual meaning of ‘ faith ’ that involves trust in the face of intellectual un certainty , that Russell 's uncertainty as to whether or not God exists , the agnostic position , is the one the theist in fact should hold ?
it is noticeable that the russell-copleston debate became embroiled in a discussion of necessary propositions , a discussion made necessary by copleston 's [want] to show russell that the world is such that it must be the case that it has a creator . but does theism have to make such a case ? is n't it making the mistake of claiming too much ? is n't it unnecessarily raising the stakes here ? do we really have to be sure that god exists in order to believe in god ? can not we argue , indeed , on the basis of the usual meaning of ‘ faith ’ that involves trust in the face of intellectual un certainty , that russell 's uncertainty as to whether or not god exists , the agnostic position , is the one the theist in fact should hold ?

Wesley , John ( 1703–1791 ) Regarded ( despite his own desire to remain within the Anglican Church ) as the founder of Methodism .
wesley , john ( 1703–1791 ) regarded ( despite his own [want] to remain within the anglican church ) as the founder of methodism .

There must be more evidence than some existentialists desire for their ‘ splendid ’ leap of faith , but there may be less than Copleston required for his certain assurance of God 's existence .
there must be more evidence than some existentialists [want] for their ‘ splendid ’ leap of faith , but there may be less than copleston required for his certain assurance of god 's existence .

The desire for certainty they would interpret as a possessive attempt to deny the divinely-intended distance between God and creation .
the [want] for certainty they would interpret as a possessive attempt to deny the divinely-intended distance between god and creation .

But at the same time , if there is a God , it is perfectly plausible to argue that He would desire the discussion of His existence to proceed in the argumentative , confused and doubting way in which it currently does .
but at the same time , if there is a god , it is perfectly plausible to argue that he would [want] the discussion of his existence to proceed in the argumentative , confused and doubting way in which it currently does .

Calling God ‘ personal ’ is partly the product of a desire to associate with Him what we most value in ourselves and our environment .
calling god ‘ personal ’ is partly the product of a [want] to associate with him what we most value in ourselves and our environment .

On the other hand are those convinced that the only explanation of such injustice must be the existence of God ( for otherwise there would be no way of satisfying the human desire to see justice prevail ) .
on the other hand are those convinced that the only explanation of such injustice must be the existence of god ( for otherwise there would be no way of satisfying the human [want] to see justice prevail ) .

Recognizing that a coaching opportunity has occurred and a desire to exploit it
recognizing that a coaching opportunity has occurred and a [want] to exploit it

It does not have to influence our future , however , and the aware adult is quite capable of changing his ability pattern should he so desire .
it does not have to influence our future , however , and the aware adult is quite capable of changing his ability pattern should he so [want] .

The Law of Desire
the law of [want]

What had begun as a schoolgirl crush had grown into a profound and romantic desire to be Charles 's bride .
what had begun as a schoolgirl crush had grown into a profound and romantic [want] to be charles 's bride .

The decision to use the army , even though ambulance crews are not on strike but still offering to provide an emergency service , was taken by Mr Kenneth Clarke , the Health Secretary , as Mr Duncan Nichol , the National Health Service chief executive , told the Guardian that the Government 's negotiating position included a desire to offer extra pay to paramedical crews .
the decision to use the army , even though ambulance crews are not on strike but still offering to provide an emergency service , was taken by mr kenneth clarke , the health secretary , as mr duncan nichol , the national health service chief executive , told the guardian that the government 's negotiating position included a [want] to offer extra pay to paramedical crews .

Once the residue left after absorption of foodstuff reaches the last part of the gut , the desire to defecate results .
once the residue left after absorption of foodstuff reaches the last part of the gut , the [want] to defecate results .

All of us probably envy the ability of Imelda , Ivana , Diana and co to indulge themselves with a glorious shopping spree whenever the desire grips them .
all of us probably envy the ability of imelda , ivana , diana and co to indulge themselves with a glorious shopping spree whenever the [want] grips them .

Quite often , there 's a moment of truth — the realisation that there 's no way you can actually make all the minimum payments on your credit cards Then , the secret is to seek out the reason for your burning desire to go barmy in Benetton , or wherever your compulsion manifests itself .
quite often , there 's a moment of truth — the realisation that there 's no way you can actually make all the minimum payments on your credit cards then , the secret is to seek out the reason for your burning [want] to go barmy in benetton , or wherever your compulsion manifests itself .

The design of Victorian village schools often manifests a concern for the use of local building materials and the desire to create a picturesque silhouette .
the design of victorian village schools often manifests a concern for the use of local building materials and the [want] to create a picturesque silhouette .

Hence , over this section , it was not necessary to remove the existing ceiling , but a desire to emphasise the still lofty volume of this room caused the client to request the insertion of a ‘ minstrel 's gallery ’ upper level over part of this area .
hence , over this section , it was not necessary to remove the existing ceiling , but a [want] to emphasise the still lofty volume of this room caused the client to request the insertion of a ‘ minstrel 's gallery ’ upper level over part of this area .

The part-time element of a battalion is made up from all sections of the community : farmers , solicitors , factory workers , office managers , garage mechanics and the unemployed , to name but a few , alI united by the common desire to see their country rid of terrorism .
the part-time element of a battalion is made up from all sections of the community : farmers , solicitors , factory workers , office managers , garage mechanics and the unemployed , to name but a few , ali united by the common [want] to see their country rid of terrorism .

It is hard , at this distance of time , to see what his motives were , apart from the mere love of a fight for its own sake , and the desire to promote one of his friends .
it is hard , at this distance of time , to see what his motives were , apart from the mere love of a fight for its own sake , and the [want] to promote one of his friends .

In 1922 , he made The Man Without Desire , an imaginative account of a man who wakes from a sleep of several hundred years only to find he suffers from a lack of emotion .
in 1922 , he made the man without [want] , an imaginative account of a man who wakes from a sleep of several hundred years only to find he suffers from a lack of emotion .

filming Ivor Novello in The Man Without Desire ( 1922 )
filming ivor novello in the man without [want] ( 1922 )

Hepworth 's obsessive desire to make ‘ English pictures , with all the English countryside for background and with English atmosphere and English idiom throughout ’ did n't keep him up-to-date with audience tastes .
hepworth 's obsessive [want] to make ‘ english pictures , with all the english countryside for background and with english atmosphere and english idiom throughout ’ did n't keep him up-to-date with audience tastes .

But the argument is too neat , and dependent on the assumption of a desire on the part of filmmakers to express themselves about contemporary realities that was being repressed by the censorship system .
but the argument is too neat , and dependent on the assumption of a [want] on the part of filmmakers to express themselves about contemporary realities that was being repressed by the censorship system .

Brief Ecstasy ( 1937 ) , for example , is a powerful drama centring on a woman who has married her professor and abandoned work for a life ‘ sitting all day knitting jumpers for my husband ’ , who is then thrown into a whirlpool of desire when her one-time lover arrives at the marital home .
brief ecstasy ( 1937 ) , for example , is a powerful drama centring on a woman who has married her professor and abandoned work for a life ‘ sitting all day knitting jumpers for my husband ’ , who is then thrown into a whirlpool of [want] when her one-time lover arrives at the marital home .

Key personnel , including Frank Launder and Sidney Gilliatt , left in anger to join Independent Producers after Rank had failed to support deputy production chief Ted Black in his determination to maintain a broad range of productions against Maurice Ostrer 's desire to focus on costume melodrama .
key personnel , including frank launder and sidney gilliatt , left in anger to join independent producers after rank had failed to support deputy production chief ted black in his determination to maintain a broad range of productions against maurice ostrer 's [want] to focus on costume melodrama .

That openness to liberated desire is cut off in the films which the Boxes produce .
that openness to liberated [want] is cut off in the films which the boxes produce .

’ Something of the same librarian 's desire for accuracy seems to have afflicted Gainsborough 's later nods in the direction of costume melodrama .
’ something of the same librarian 's [want] for accuracy seems to have afflicted gainsborough 's later nods in the direction of costume melodrama .

The Gainsborough films that best characterize the desire of filmmakers to close their eyes to the darker currents in society , to make believe that the world really is as cosy as some wartime films made it out to be , are Holiday Camp ( 1947 ) and the three sequels set amongst the jolly Huggett family .
the gainsborough films that best characterize the [want] of filmmakers to close their eyes to the darker currents in society , to make believe that the world really is as cosy as some wartime films made it out to be , are holiday camp ( 1947 ) and the three sequels set amongst the jolly huggett family .

Balcon 's desire to avoid ‘ socially objectionable ’ subjects and ‘ to make pictures worthy of that name ’ ( whatever that was supposed to mean ) provided a cover for turning the studio 's face away from the world .
balcon 's [want] to avoid ‘ socially objectionable ’ subjects and ‘ to make pictures worthy of that name ’ ( whatever that was supposed to mean ) provided a cover for turning the studio 's face away from the world .

Charles Crichton 's desire to make a film of Kingsley Amis 's Lucky Jim was vetoed , even though the book is hardly risqué or coarse .
charles crichton 's [want] to make a film of kingsley amis 's lucky jim was vetoed , even though the book is hardly risqué or coarse .

Moreover , now that she had achieved the heart 's desire for which she had turned on her shameless , neurotic display , she had become dejected , and walked along meekly , head and tail hanging .
moreover , now that she had achieved the heart 's [want] for which she had turned on her shameless , neurotic display , she had become dejected , and walked along meekly , head and tail hanging .

‘ Maybe she is alive , ’ said Wexford , more from a mischievous desire to throw a spanner in the works than from conviction .
‘ maybe she is alive , ’ said wexford , more from a mischievous [want] to throw a spanner in the works than from conviction .

But it was evident that an argument was taking place between the adults , possibly as to whether their need of a refrigerator was greater than their desire for a mammoth room heater .
but it was evident that an argument was taking place between the adults , possibly as to whether their need of a refrigerator was greater than their [want] for a mammoth room heater .

This is in contrast with Mr Bangemann 's declaration on Monday that West Germans should not be asked to choose between their desire to overcome Germany 's division and their support for greater European integration .
this is in contrast with mr bangemann 's declaration on monday that west germans should not be asked to choose between their [want] to overcome germany 's division and their support for greater european integration .

Last year you were the first not only to give but also to have the desire to do so .
last year you were the first not only to give but also to have the [want] to do so .

Our desire is not that others might be relieved while you are hard pressed , but that there might be equality .
our [want] is not that others might be relieved while you are hard pressed , but that there might be equality .

She liked the Hungarian manager with his charm and evident desire to please , his pride in his dining-room and linen and his unabashed pleasure at their pleasure ; so unlike the haughty anonymity of the Palast .
she liked the hungarian manager with his charm and evident [want] to please , his pride in his dining-room and linen and his unabashed pleasure at their pleasure ; so unlike the haughty anonymity of the palast .

If the wife 's contribution was adequately taken into account by the figure offered by the husband , her desire , however strong , to have a greatly increased lump sum to enable her to run a hotel would not be reasonable .
if the wife 's contribution was adequately taken into account by the figure offered by the husband , her [want] , however strong , to have a greatly increased lump sum to enable her to run a hotel would not be reasonable .

On Wednesday a spokeswoman for the Saatchi Collection told The Independent that ‘ approximately 40 to 50 works have been sold ’ , but she was equally insistent that the motive behind the sales was Saatchi 's desire to shift the emphasis of the collection more towards British art .
on wednesday a spokeswoman for the saatchi collection told the independent that ‘ approximately 40 to 50 works have been sold ’ , but she was equally insistent that the motive behind the sales was saatchi 's [want] to shift the emphasis of the collection more towards british art .

How can a demoralised off-licence manager work up the enthusiasm to sell what an increasingly adventurous customer has no desire to buy ?
how can a demoralised off-licence manager work up the enthusiasm to sell what an increasingly adventurous customer has no [want] to buy ?

The presence that rose thus so strangely beside the waters , is expressive of what in the ways of a thousand years men had come to desire .
the presence that rose thus so strangely beside the waters , is expressive of what in the ways of a thousand years men had come to [want] .

One of the most beautiful of these represents a thirsty man , whose desire for water is represented in the most lively manner as he kneels on the ground to drink from a spring , with such wonderful reality that one might imagine him to be a real person .
one of the most beautiful of these represents a thirsty man , whose [want] for water is represented in the most lively manner as he kneels on the ground to drink from a spring , with such wonderful reality that one might imagine him to be a real person .

The modern desire for open-plan has led to the removal of many bar-partitions , destroying the character of original interiors and distorting any attempt to create a truly ‘ Victorian ’ interior .
the modern [want] for open-plan has led to the removal of many bar-partitions , destroying the character of original interiors and distorting any attempt to create a truly ‘ victorian ’ interior .

The desire for a homely effect meant that pitched roofs remained , even if tucked behind parapets , while the windows adopted horizontal Crittall glazing .
the [want] for a homely effect meant that pitched roofs remained , even if tucked behind parapets , while the windows adopted horizontal crittall glazing .

Starting with the Belgian chocolates , desire seemed a potent and dynamic force , like a nuclear engine , high-powered and probably lethal .
starting with the belgian chocolates , [want] seemed a potent and dynamic force , like a nuclear engine , high-powered and probably lethal .

The chocolates made her melt , sticky , gooey , and desire made her harden , glass blown by fire .
the chocolates made her melt , sticky , gooey , and [want] made her harden , glass blown by fire .

‘ No , ’ he would reply shortly , thinking she was implying he was mad — insane — with desire for her ( which , in a way , he was ) .
‘ no , ’ he would reply shortly , thinking she was implying he was mad — insane — with [want] for her ( which , in a way , he was ) .

We carry on with the gin , nobody paying any attention to my sentimental reminiscences , contradictory and literary as they are and unable to express my conflicting desire that England be an island in a timewarp and that the English behaved like Continentals .
we carry on with the gin , nobody paying any attention to my sentimental reminiscences , contradictory and literary as they are and unable to express my conflicting [want] that england be an island in a timewarp and that the english behaved like continentals .

If he needed to give the object of his desire the slip , he would have to hide in steerage or the boiler room .
if he needed to give the object of his [want] the slip , he would have to hide in steerage or the boiler room .

Jay had felt fleeting sexual desire when they first met in the corridor where she worked , a tumbledown rats ' nest in East London .
jay had felt fleeting sexual [want] when they first met in the corridor where she worked , a tumbledown rats ' nest in east london .

This verve , this ambition and Jay 's laid-back curl of desire threw up a picture of Lucy as a B-movie dominatrix — but very , very civilised .
this verve , this ambition and jay 's laid-back curl of [want] threw up a picture of lucy as a b-movie dominatrix — but very , very civilised .

With her mind wide open to this new enticing prospect , a desire so unexpected and untested , she wanted no audience .
with her mind wide open to this new enticing prospect , a [want] so unexpected and untested , she wanted no audience .

She had this absurd desire to swing Lucy round like a child and walk holding her hand .
she had this absurd [want] to swing lucy round like a child and walk holding her hand .

‘ You know this smouldering paragon of desire ? ’ said Francis to Dionne .
‘ you know this smouldering paragon of [want] ? ’ said francis to dionne .

And the exhibition would be important , she told herself , when a flow of desire swept her away at the thought of being with Lucy , time allotted to their togetherness .
and the exhibition would be important , she told herself , when a flow of [want] swept her away at the thought of being with lucy , time allotted to their togetherness .

Not good enough to fret the days away ; let her use them , enjoy , let there be something rich about her to love and desire .
not good enough to fret the days away ; let her use them , enjoy , let there be something rich about her to love and [want] .

If they 'd spent a particularly warm close time together , Jay even wondered if she and Lucy could be unique friends and veer away from this sexual desire which shimmered like an uncrossable burning field for Lucy .
if they 'd spent a particularly warm close time together , jay even wondered if she and lucy could be unique friends and veer away from this sexual [want] which shimmered like an uncrossable burning field for lucy .

For Jay the room was throbbing with desire .
for jay the room was throbbing with [want] .

Aside from six months of celibate desire , three bottles of wine with the greatest drag queen in the world , a won't-be-shrugged-off resentment that only now you sound as if you care ?
aside from six months of celibate [want] , three bottles of wine with the greatest drag queen in the world , a won't-be-shrugged-off resentment that only now you sound as if you care ?

Unwilling object of lesbian desire ?
unwilling object of lesbian [want] ?

Jay coaxed around her desire .
jay coaxed around her [want] .

Jay smiled from her shadow , admitting a lazy , faint and wholly delicious curl of desire .
jay smiled from her shadow , admitting a lazy , faint and wholly delicious curl of [want] .

She wrote letters all day , floated around on a lilac cloud , heart beating scarlet with desire for Astrid and the tingling delight of waiting for when she would return .
she wrote letters all day , floated around on a lilac cloud , heart beating scarlet with [want] for astrid and the tingling delight of waiting for when she would return .

Indeed , he has commented that the only sensation that he recalls from his youth ( which did not evaporate on his coming of age ) was one of persistent desire .
indeed , he has commented that the only sensation that he recalls from his youth ( which did not evaporate on his coming of age ) was one of persistent [want] .

Memory and desire , stirring
memory and [want] , stirring

’ Leonard was not so much brutalised by the experience , as anaesthetised : hence the recollection of only desire throughout his youth .
’ leonard was not so much brutalised by the experience , as anaesthetised : hence the recollection of only [want] throughout his youth .

The desire to make arrangements covertly could well have been affected by a double pressure .
the [want] to make arrangements covertly could well have been affected by a double pressure .

There seemed to be the fairly uncomplicated desire among the community to see all the children attend the same school , as an expression of relationships existing within the community .
there seemed to be the fairly uncomplicated [want] among the community to see all the children attend the same school , as an expression of relationships existing within the community .

Beyond these two technical talents , it was Jimmy 's desire and his innate feeling for the game that helped to achieve his greatness .
beyond these two technical talents , it was jimmy 's [want] and his innate feeling for the game that helped to achieve his greatness .

The elements of success Connors owned were his pride , his desire to train , working hard on good tennis habits .
the elements of success connors owned were his pride , his [want] to train , working hard on good tennis habits .

‘ colonial power , black politics , desire & music ’
‘ colonial power , black politics , [want] & music ’

Colonial power , religious belief , separation , racist oppression , migration , miscegenation , black politics , music , adventure , desire , passion , pleasure are the themes touched upon by some of the films being screened .
colonial power , religious belief , separation , racist oppression , migration , miscegenation , black politics , music , adventure , [want] , passion , pleasure are the themes touched upon by some of the films being screened .

Out of a desire to protest against the ‘ oppression and exploitation ’ he saw around him , he began to write short stories , by the time of his death over a hundred had been published .
out of a [want] to protest against the ‘ oppression and exploitation ’ he saw around him , he began to write short stories , by the time of his death over a hundred had been published .

Of course , the desire to obtain control of the written word has always been one indication of the autocratic mind . This fear of open debate continues even when the publication is by a retired officer and when control is less easy for the chief officer to enforce :
of course , the [want] to obtain control of the written word has always been one indication of the autocratic mind . this fear of open debate continues even when the publication is by a retired officer and when control is less easy for the chief officer to enforce :

Even the civilian academics at the college seem to be nullified by the overriding police desire for circumspection in the written account and the preference for academic silence .
even the civilian academics at the college seem to be nullified by the overriding police [want] for circumspection in the written account and the preference for academic silence .

As a result of this all pervading desire for reticence it is possible to suggest that the presentation of research papers in seminars , the creation of an undirected thesis , not to mention the production of a book , could easily have placed me in breach of Regulation 6 , which outlines the disciplinary offence of
as a result of this all pervading [want] for reticence it is possible to suggest that the presentation of research papers in seminars , the creation of an undirected thesis , not to mention the production of a book , could easily have placed me in breach of regulation 6 , which outlines the disciplinary offence of

In the police this desire for a clearly defined world of order derives from an implicit understanding that control of social behaviour is always surrounded by the dirt of structural ambivalence .
in the police this [want] for a clearly defined world of order derives from an implicit understanding that control of social behaviour is always surrounded by the dirt of structural ambivalence .

An expressed desire for rigidly determined geographical units separated from a despised neighbour occurs again and again in my fieldnotes , and is clearly illustrated in a note made in 1981 , when a superintendent in a somewhat remote subdivision laughingly told me :
an expressed [want] for rigidly determined geographical units separated from a despised neighbour occurs again and again in my fieldnotes , and is clearly illustrated in a note made in 1981 , when a superintendent in a somewhat remote subdivision laughingly told me :

In this situation , the marginal mover acquires the power to reinterpret the way his institutional structure governs a desire for a rigidified world of immobility , and to understand why , for example , those few policemen who move into other areas , such as probation work or the legal profession , become totally suspect .
in this situation , the marginal mover acquires the power to reinterpret the way his institutional structure governs a [want] for a rigidified world of immobility , and to understand why , for example , those few policemen who move into other areas , such as probation work or the legal profession , become totally suspect .

Lyricism is inexperience , and it is the desire for glory .
lyricism is inexperience , and it is the [want] for glory .

Levi was interested in action , purpose , work , and capable of them : and the capacity may have been formed in contention with a desire to withdraw and perhaps to give up .
levi was interested in action , purpose , work , and capable of them : and the capacity may have been formed in contention with a [want] to withdraw and perhaps to give up .

( Wilde was introduced to him by his mother , a librarian , who could n't possibly have anticipated the effect and , apparently , never regretted it even in the seemingly hopeless pre-Smith days of unemployment and complete lack of desire to become gainfully employed . )
( wilde was introduced to him by his mother , a librarian , who could n't possibly have anticipated the effect and , apparently , never regretted it even in the seemingly hopeless pre-smith days of unemployment and complete lack of [want] to become gainfully employed . )

The song bounced along to reach the number twelve spot , helped by another uncomfortable but satisfying Top Of The Pops appearance and a fresh wave of publicity surrounding The Smiths affection for , and a desire to , work with Sandie Shaw .
the song bounced along to reach the number twelve spot , helped by another uncomfortable but satisfying top of the pops appearance and a fresh wave of publicity surrounding the smiths affection for , and a [want] to , work with sandie shaw .

One band , Sense Of Purpose , expressed a desire to start a fanzine based around The Smiths .
one band , sense of purpose , expressed a [want] to start a fanzine based around the smiths .

But The Smiths now found that success tends to complicate situations which made their initial stance of well meant integrity and the desire to do things differently ( ‘ We do n't wish to become pop stars ’ ) a virtual impossibility .
but the smiths now found that success tends to complicate situations which made their initial stance of well meant integrity and the [want] to do things differently ( ‘ we do n't wish to become pop stars ’ ) a virtual impossibility .

Fast approaching was the immensely lucrative Christmas market , and their biggest selling act had no plans nor any desire to throw product into the mad spending spree .
fast approaching was the immensely lucrative christmas market , and their biggest selling act had no plans nor any [want] to throw product into the mad spending spree .

Unfortunately , perhaps , it does n't work that way as most younger teens show a commendable desire to make up their own minds on subjects such as this .
unfortunately , perhaps , it does n't work that way as most younger teens show a commendable [want] to make up their own minds on subjects such as this .

The nature of their format is proof of their desire to play the game .
the nature of their format is proof of their [want] to play the game .

Now 27 , Solly feels both the ability and perhaps more importantly , the desire to make his comeback a successful and lone one .
now 27 , solly feels both the ability and perhaps more importantly , the [want] to make his comeback a successful and lone one .

For those with an undying desire to stretch themselves to the limit , the Raid Gauloises should fit the bill , according to Jeremy Hart . Deadly snakes , dangerous jungle and swollen rivers — what more could a humble daredevil want ?
for those with an undying [want] to stretch themselves to the limit , the raid gauloises should fit the bill , according to jeremy hart . deadly snakes , dangerous jungle and swollen rivers — what more could a humble daredevil want ?

She found that when women with hormone deficiencies were prescribed a little testosterone along with their oestrogen they experienced increased sexual desire , and were more easily aroused .
she found that when women with hormone deficiencies were prescribed a little testosterone along with their oestrogen they experienced increased sexual [want] , and were more easily aroused .

In a nation of committed male chauvinists , all this excitement may stimulate a desire to pinch a schoolgirl 's bottom .
in a nation of committed male chauvinists , all this excitement may stimulate a [want] to pinch a schoolgirl 's bottom .

With God as the absorbing focus of our lives , we can act and love , trust and desire , in ever-deepening channels that flow into the ocean itself .
with god as the absorbing focus of our lives , we can act and love , trust and [want] , in ever-deepening channels that flow into the ocean itself .

If the awe of God shatters our drive towards self-security , then the strongly growing desire towards closeness with God frees us from our drive towards self-fulfilment .
if the awe of god shatters our drive towards self-security , then the strongly growing [want] towards closeness with god frees us from our drive towards self-fulfilment .

The Bible encourages in us the desire for God as the source of human happiness .
the bible encourages in us the [want] for god as the source of human happiness .

Desire to have pleasure in nothing .
[want] to have pleasure in nothing .

Desire to possess nothing .
[want] to possess nothing .

Desire to be nothing .
[want] to be nothing .

Desire to know nothing .
[want] to know nothing .

We seek God , serving others to the utmost , in care , compassion and the desire for healing and encouragement .
we seek god , serving others to the utmost , in care , compassion and the [want] for healing and encouragement .

Beatitude is , in my opinion , a possession of all things we believe to be good , from which nothing is absent that a good desire may want .
beatitude is , in my opinion , a possession of all things we believe to be good , from which nothing is absent that a good [want] may want .

The perfectionist , as we saw , tries to do things perfectly because of his or her compulsive desire to avoid showing anger .
the perfectionist , as we saw , tries to do things perfectly because of his or her compulsive [want] to avoid showing anger .

To the romantic Jesus expresses his hunger and desire to live only by the words of God .
to the romantic jesus expresses his hunger and [want] to live only by the words of god .

The more open we are to God , and the weaker our self-will becomes , the more desire will grow and flourish within us .
the more open we are to god , and the weaker our self-will becomes , the more [want] will grow and flourish within us .

Desire and reason do not make good bed-mates , for where reason tries to control the world , desire is aware of the vastness of life , which it knows it can never control .
[want] and reason do not make good bed-mates , for where reason tries to control the world , [want] is aware of the vastness of life , which it knows it can never control .

So the desire for God grows as self-will diminishes .
so the [want] for god grows as self-will diminishes .

This desire is the longing to be freed from selfishness and sin , and to live in harmony with the will and purposes of God .
this [want] is the longing to be freed from selfishness and sin , and to live in harmony with the will and purposes of god .

What should we do with our desire for God ?
what should we do with our [want] for god ?

For this to occur , we must first get rid of selfish desires , and replace them with desire for God .
for this to occur , we must first get rid of selfish desires , and replace them with [want] for god .

The observer has an insatiable desire for abstract knowledge .
the observer has an insatiable [want] for abstract knowledge .

This is the desire to have a completely new foundation as a person .
this is the [want] to have a completely new foundation as a person .

He had a strong desire to be a ‘ peace-keeper ’ .
he had a strong [want] to be a ‘ peace-keeper ’ .

Depths of desire
depths of [want]

It was a sensation , of course , of desire ; but desire of what ?
it was a sensation , of course , of [want] ; but [want] of what ?

’ He goes on : ‘ The quality common to the three experiences is that of an unsatisfied desire which is itself more desirable than any other satisfaction .
’ he goes on : ‘ the quality common to the three experiences is that of an unsatisfied [want] which is itself more desirable than any other satisfaction .

Desire and fulfilment
[want] and fulfilment

They created in him a sense of desire and longing .
they created in him a sense of [want] and longing .

In his book Mere Christianity , Lewis tells us that there are two mistakes people often make in the way they think about their desire .
in his book mere christianity , lewis tells us that there are two mistakes people often make in the way they think about their [want] .

We would be foolish to leave God out of our reckoning , never taking time to consider deeply why we are so restless with desire .
we would be foolish to leave god out of our reckoning , never taking time to consider deeply why we are so restless with [want] .

Desire is a powerful force within each one of us , not simply because of some human need for another human being , but because of our need of God .
[want] is a powerful force within each one of us , not simply because of some human need for another human being , but because of our need of god .

Augustine expressed his own restlessness and desire by saying to God : ‘ You created us for yourself , and our hearts are restless until they find their rest in you .
augustine expressed his own restlessness and [want] by saying to god : ‘ you created us for yourself , and our hearts are restless until they find their rest in you .

But at least psychologists are coming to recognize that the unconscious mind , with its restlessness and its infinite desire , may be God-given and God-directed .
but at least psychologists are coming to recognize that the unconscious mind , with its restlessness and its infinite [want] , may be god-given and god-directed .

Many people trivialize their desire for God , and settle for something that is inferior .
many people trivialize their [want] for god , and settle for something that is inferior .

But they can never satisfy desire .
but they can never satisfy [want] .

First , we must be ready to recognize that a natural desire within us points to a real object which can satisfy that desire .
first , we must be ready to recognize that a natural [want] within us points to a real object which can satisfy that [want] .

Secondly , that our desire for God is distinct from our desires for created things .
secondly , that our [want] for god is distinct from our desires for created things .

We desire a lot of things that the advertising industry brainwashes us to believe are indispensable .
we [want] a lot of things that the advertising industry brainwashes us to believe are indispensable .

However , there are other desires which do correspond to truly human values : the desire for friendship ( because as human beings we were made for relationships ) , or the desire to give happiness to others ( because our human nature makes us aware of the needs of others ) .
however , there are other desires which do correspond to truly human values : the [want] for friendship ( because as human beings we were made for relationships ) , or the [want] to give happiness to others ( because our human nature makes us aware of the needs of others ) .

In the second place , there is a peculiar mystery about the object of this desire .
in the second place , there is a peculiar mystery about the object of this [want] .

Every one of these supposed objects for the desire is inadequate to it .
every one of these supposed objects for the [want] is inadequate to it .

It appears to me therefore that if a man diligently followed this desire , pursuing the false objects until their falsity appeared and then resolutely abandoning them , he must come out at last into the clear knowledge that the human soul was made to enjoy some object that is never fully given — nay , can not even be imagined as given — in our present mode of subjective and spatio-temporal experience .
it appears to me therefore that if a man diligently followed this [want] , pursuing the false objects until their falsity appeared and then resolutely abandoning them , he must come out at last into the clear knowledge that the human soul was made to enjoy some object that is never fully given — nay , can not even be imagined as given — in our present mode of subjective and spatio-temporal experience .

But our dignity supremely lies in the capacity and desire that God has given us to enjoy him and to seek for his esteem and friendship .
but our dignity supremely lies in the capacity and [want] that god has given us to enjoy him and to seek for his esteem and friendship .

Our exaltation is related to our sinfulness , because sin is really the desire to grasp God 's position for ourselves .
our exaltation is related to our sinfulness , because sin is really the [want] to grasp god 's position for ourselves .

The desire for joy lies deep within the human spirit , as deep as the soul 's quest for happiness .
the [want] for joy lies deep within the human spirit , as deep as the soul 's quest for happiness .

The desire for happiness is deeper and more powerful than we know .
the [want] for happiness is deeper and more powerful than we know .

That is why we need windows of the soul , such as desire , happiness and joy , so that we do not lose sight of what our lives are truly all about .
that is why we need windows of the soul , such as [want] , happiness and joy , so that we do not lose sight of what our lives are truly all about .

And yet , despite our earnest desire for happiness , we persist in disregarding the spiritual depths of ourselves .
and yet , despite our earnest [want] for happiness , we persist in disregarding the spiritual depths of ourselves .

Desire for God prepares us for delight in God .
[want] for god prepares us for delight in god .

You have granted him the desire of his heart
you have granted him the [want] of his heart

They give flesh to our desire for God and become lived expressions of our life in God 's life .
they give flesh to our [want] for god and become lived expressions of our life in god 's life .

We are not talking here about natural feelings , but a depth of desire which is given to us by God .
we are not talking here about natural feelings , but a depth of [want] which is given to us by god .

Admittedly , she does not at any point in her letter state explicitly her desire to return ; but that is the unmistakable message conveyed by the general nuance of many of the passages , imbued as they are with a deep nostalgia for her days at Darlington Hall .
admittedly , she does not at any point in her letter state explicitly her [want] to return ; but that is the unmistakable message conveyed by the general nuance of many of the passages , imbued as they are with a deep nostalgia for her days at darlington hall .

It is my belief that even without this tragic news , Lord Darlington would have set upon the course he took ; his desire to see an end to injustice and suffering was too deeply ingrained in his nature for him to have done otherwise .
it is my belief that even without this tragic news , lord darlington would have set upon the course he took ; his [want] to see an end to injustice and suffering was too deeply ingrained in his nature for him to have done otherwise .

He opened by expressing his gratitude to all present that the discussions during the previous two days , ‘ though at times exhilaratingly frank ’ , had been conducted in a spirit of friendship and the desire to see good prevail .
he opened by expressing his gratitude to all present that the discussions during the previous two days , ‘ though at times exhilaratingly frank ’ , had been conducted in a spirit of friendship and the [want] to see good prevail .

‘ He expressed a keen desire to see you , sir . ’
‘ he expressed a keen [want] to see you , sir . ’

Is this obsessive watching of trains sliding in and out of stations to be construed , in the child , as a substitute for sex and , in the adult , as a desire to prolong childhood indefinitely and avoid coming to terms with mature sexuality ?
is this obsessive watching of trains sliding in and out of stations to be construed , in the child , as a substitute for sex and , in the adult , as a [want] to prolong childhood indefinitely and avoid coming to terms with mature sexuality ?

Is this a desire to provide order and system in a disordered universe , to give life an encompassable finite purpose ?
is this a [want] to provide order and system in a disordered universe , to give life an encompassable finite purpose ?

It stemmed too from the desire of an arriviste industry to gain respectability and prestige , from the adoption of the idea of the station as civic adornment , a public building worthy to rank with the town hall , the assize court , and the public library .
it stemmed too from the [want] of an arriviste industry to gain respectability and prestige , from the adoption of the idea of the station as civic adornment , a public building worthy to rank with the town hall , the assize court , and the public library .

Those shining metals are as the veritable trail of the serpent ; they follow inevitably in the wake of civilisations , and give rise to crowded and smoky manufacturing towns , while spreading abroad an unrestful desire for travel with all its concomitant worries and brain wear .
those shining metals are as the veritable trail of the serpent ; they follow inevitably in the wake of civilisations , and give rise to crowded and smoky manufacturing towns , while spreading abroad an unrestful [want] for travel with all its concomitant worries and brain wear .

The desire to travel — especially among the young and the well-educated — depends not only on the existence of a few Great Sights , but also on scenic variety , a sense that a particular place is different and , above all , old .
the [want] to travel — especially among the young and the well-educated — depends not only on the existence of a few great sights , but also on scenic variety , a sense that a particular place is different and , above all , old .

If we follow this , the play with conventions , in television narrative subgenres as much as in language , may not simply be a classical ( or postmodern ) fascination with language games , but may also contain a ‘ naturalist ’ ( or modernist ) desire to revitalize forms that have become stale and hackneyed , and are no longer adequate to the world in which people believe .
if we follow this , the play with conventions , in television narrative subgenres as much as in language , may not simply be a classical ( or postmodern ) fascination with language games , but may also contain a ‘ naturalist ’ ( or modernist ) [want] to revitalize forms that have become stale and hackneyed , and are no longer adequate to the world in which people believe .

Generic playfulness in television is as likely to fall within the characteristically modernist desire for a modernization of expression as it is to constitute a postmodern avant garde , and the two should not be confused .
generic playfulness in television is as likely to fall within the characteristically modernist [want] for a modernization of expression as it is to constitute a postmodern avant garde , and the two should not be confused .

Any desire for an avant-garde negation has to be framed by that context : a context which invites a combination of modesty and cunning — the bouncing of complicity and difference , for example — rather than the heroic agonism of the historic avant garde , or the desperate formalism of the once-and-for-all ‘ progressive ’ text .
any [want] for an avant-garde negation has to be framed by that context : a context which invites a combination of modesty and cunning — the bouncing of complicity and difference , for example — rather than the heroic agonism of the historic avant garde , or the desperate formalism of the once-and-for-all ‘ progressive ’ text .

He has an inherent desire to protect home and family and is an intelligent dog of extreme hardness and adaptability , with a strong willingness to work , making him especially suited as a companion , guardian and general all-purpose dog .
he has an inherent [want] to protect home and family and is an intelligent dog of extreme hardness and adaptability , with a strong willingness to work , making him especially suited as a companion , guardian and general all-purpose dog .

Although Burma is an oil producer , national lassitude and the lack of a desire for ‘ development ’ ensure a leisurely extraction , and petrol is rationed .
although burma is an oil producer , national lassitude and the lack of a [want] for ‘ development ’ ensure a leisurely extraction , and petrol is rationed .

As Mr Gladstone has pointed out , in the last few years progress has been far more rapid because improved education has created in all classes of the community an increased desire and appetite for literature which did not formerly exist , and that can only be supplied by means of such public libraries in which we are now met .
as mr gladstone has pointed out , in the last few years progress has been far more rapid because improved education has created in all classes of the community an increased [want] and appetite for literature which did not formerly exist , and that can only be supplied by means of such public libraries in which we are now met .

The contributors to Passion have expressed the desire to support the Project not for financial gain or fame ( although these are by-products on occasion ! )
the contributors to passion have expressed the [want] to support the project not for financial gain or fame ( although these are by-products on occasion ! )

For them , this adamant position on the part of the dominant faction in the American administration exposed the complete lack of any desire for a peaceful negotiated solution to the conflict in the Middle East .
for them , this adamant position on the part of the dominant faction in the american administration exposed the complete lack of any [want] for a peaceful negotiated solution to the conflict in the middle east .

Caught up in the swathes of colour and movement are the small objects we adopt and discard in our life-long struggle to define ourselves — objects and images mass produced , touched with personal desire — cherished and abandoned … ’
caught up in the swathes of colour and movement are the small objects we adopt and discard in our life-long struggle to define ourselves — objects and images mass produced , touched with personal [want] — cherished and abandoned … ’

Under his apparent calm , however , the desire for victory is apparent .
under his apparent calm , however , the [want] for victory is apparent .

Under his apparent calm , however , the desire for victory is clearly visible .
under his apparent calm , however , the [want] for victory is clearly visible .

It extends the householder 's feeling of control over his or her domain , and gives a direct outlet for the natural desire to improve it .
it extends the householder 's feeling of control over his or her domain , and gives a direct outlet for the natural [want] to improve it .

Because this is England 's last match for at least 3 ½ months , Robson had to balance his desire to try out a few options with the need to retain the basic framework of his World Cup team .
because this is england 's last match for at least 3 ½ months , robson had to balance his [want] to try out a few options with the need to retain the basic framework of his world cup team .

He could be Proustian : ‘ It is better to desire than to enjoy — to love than be loved .
he could be proustian : ‘ it is better to [want] than to enjoy — to love than be loved .

But his simple desire for seclusion is imperilled by a succession of visitors .
but his simple [want] for seclusion is imperilled by a succession of visitors .

Moreover , the insatiable desire of Wall Street , the City and the commercial banks for a share of the action meant that finance was rarely a bar .
moreover , the insatiable [want] of wall street , the city and the commercial banks for a share of the action meant that finance was rarely a bar .

In his statement , broadcast live to the colony , the Foreign Secretary struggled to balance his ‘ desire to be as effective as possible in restoring confidence ’ with what he politely called ‘ our ability to accept the individuals concerned for settlement in this country — should that ever be necessary ’ .
in his statement , broadcast live to the colony , the foreign secretary struggled to balance his ‘ [want] to be as effective as possible in restoring confidence ’ with what he politely called ‘ our ability to accept the individuals concerned for settlement in this country — should that ever be necessary ’ .

Mr Hurd replied : ‘ We have worked out what we believe to be the most sensible balance between our desire for good race relations and harmony in our cities … and our very strong feeling that we have a continuing … duty of responsibility to people in Hong Kong . ’
mr hurd replied : ‘ we have worked out what we believe to be the most sensible balance between our [want] for good race relations and harmony in our cities … and our very strong feeling that we have a continuing … duty of responsibility to people in hong kong . ’

Whether it was the unsavoury reputation of the government of Lloyd George ; or whether it was the division in the party between the followers of Lloyd George and the followers of Asquith ; or whether it was the aftermath of universal suffrage and the desire of the working man for a party which he could call his own — it now looked certain that the party division of the country would no longer lie between Liberal and Conservative but in a wider gulf between Conservative and Labour , with the Liberal Party on the sideline .
whether it was the unsavoury reputation of the government of lloyd george ; or whether it was the division in the party between the followers of lloyd george and the followers of asquith ; or whether it was the aftermath of universal suffrage and the [want] of the working man for a party which he could call his own — it now looked certain that the party division of the country would no longer lie between liberal and conservative but in a wider gulf between conservative and labour , with the liberal party on the sideline .

Thus a Dean of Durham , and an ex-Bishop of Durham , and a complicated patronage secretary who popped out of holes like a rabbit , and a doctrine of apostolic authority , and an Archbishop of York , and a desire to follow the calling of God even if it looked unlikely , winkled a professor out of a career to which he seemed to have been born .
thus a dean of durham , and an ex-bishop of durham , and a complicated patronage secretary who popped out of holes like a rabbit , and a doctrine of apostolic authority , and an archbishop of york , and a [want] to follow the calling of god even if it looked unlikely , winkled a professor out of a career to which he seemed to have been born .

First , the York diocese had no desire for George Bell and every desire for Ramsey .
first , the york diocese had no [want] for george bell and every [want] for ramsey .

He had no desire to move anywhere .
he had no [want] to move anywhere .

the desire to protect supplies of raw materials ( a natural resources strategy ) ;
the [want] to protect supplies of raw materials ( a natural resources strategy ) ;

Culture influences almost every aspect of the reaction to a particular product — texture , colour , desire for innovation or respect for tradition and so on .
culture influences almost every aspect of the reaction to a particular product — texture , colour , [want] for innovation or respect for tradition and so on .

These were considerations that could not be ignored by a Conservative leader , Austen Chamberlain had been toppled in 1922 because he had not withdrawn from an unpopular coalition in time ; and one of the motives for the destruction of the Lloyd George coalition was a desire to replace it by a protectionist government .
these were considerations that could not be ignored by a conservative leader , austen chamberlain had been toppled in 1922 because he had not withdrawn from an unpopular coalition in time ; and one of the motives for the destruction of the lloyd george coalition was a [want] to replace it by a protectionist government .

Over fifty years later in 1975 , another Conservative leader , Edward Heath , was to be overthrown , in part because , in March 1974 , he had proposed a coalition with the Liberals and , in October 1974 , he had proposed a government of national unity , Thus , among Conservatives , the motives for an election were clear : for those left out of the government , the desire to secure a Conservative majority for protection ; for the leadership , a desire to reunite the party , and simple self-preservation .
over fifty years later in 1975 , another conservative leader , edward heath , was to be overthrown , in part because , in march 1974 , he had proposed a coalition with the liberals and , in october 1974 , he had proposed a government of national unity , thus , among conservatives , the motives for an election were clear : for those left out of the government , the [want] to secure a conservative majority for protection ; for the leadership , a [want] to reunite the party , and simple self-preservation .

Within the Cabinet , it was , paradoxically , Snowden — usually regarded as a sea-green incorruptible on the issue of free trade — who , overcome by hatred of Labour and a desire to smash his old party , appeared to relish the idea of an early election in which Labour would go down to defeat .
within the cabinet , it was , paradoxically , snowden — usually regarded as a sea-green incorruptible on the issue of free trade — who , overcome by hatred of labour and a [want] to smash his old party , appeared to relish the idea of an early election in which labour would go down to defeat .

The Labour party 's plans to nationalize British civil aviation were based both on their general policy for the nationalization of industry , and on a desire to avoid the haphazard market of the years before 1939 .
the labour party 's plans to nationalize british civil aviation were based both on their general policy for the nationalization of industry , and on a [want] to avoid the haphazard market of the years before 1939 .

It is strange but perhaps explicable mixture of a compelling desire to rescue the British economy with a Fabian paternalism which saw a ‘ natural ’ path to colonial development in the expansion of traditional ( dollar-earning ) commodity production .
it is strange but perhaps explicable mixture of a compelling [want] to rescue the british economy with a fabian paternalism which saw a ‘ natural ’ path to colonial development in the expansion of traditional ( dollar-earning ) commodity production .

Eccleshall and Honderich find common cause in a desire to establish the ideological nature of Conservative thought , but apart from this their approaches to the study of Conservativism are very different .
eccleshall and honderich find common cause in a [want] to establish the ideological nature of conservative thought , but apart from this their approaches to the study of conservativism are very different .

It is not as she thinks a desire to ‘ make the most of it ’ , to somehow claim importance , but rather a recognition that in this oppressive society women need the care and emotional support of other women .
it is not as she thinks a [want] to ‘ make the most of it ’ , to somehow claim importance , but rather a recognition that in this oppressive society women need the care and emotional support of other women .

This apparent rejection of one 's race is often accompanied by a desire not to stand out , not to cause trouble , to tip-toe about hoping nobody will notice you .
this apparent rejection of one 's race is often accompanied by a [want] not to stand out , not to cause trouble , to tip-toe about hoping nobody will notice you .

Laing 's desire to reduce physical exertion stemmed from personal experience during his early days on the shop floor .
laing 's [want] to reduce physical exertion stemmed from personal experience during his early days on the shop floor .

Mankind has a powerful desire to rationalise its actions ; and when people found themselves ten , twenty years after the First World War still paying housing subsidies , this desire to rationalise , and perhaps a natural sense of shame , forbade them to recognise that they were doing so merely out of unwillingness to recognise that 1914 prices and money values had gone for ever .
mankind has a powerful [want] to rationalise its actions ; and when people found themselves ten , twenty years after the first world war still paying housing subsidies , this [want] to rationalise , and perhaps a natural sense of shame , forbade them to recognise that they were doing so merely out of unwillingness to recognise that 1914 prices and money values had gone for ever .

‘ All men , ’ said Aristotle , ‘ by nature desire to know .
‘ all men , ’ said aristotle , ‘ by nature [want] to know .

The knowledge which men desire for its own sake is never mere information , mere acquisition of separate isolated facts , like trains in a timetable , or careers in Who 's Who ?
the knowledge which men [want] for its own sake is never mere information , mere acquisition of separate isolated facts , like trains in a timetable , or careers in who 's who ?

Education is a good in its own right , something which men desire because they are men , and which they will therefore spend their effort and their riches to procure for themselves and to bestow upon others .
education is a good in its own right , something which men [want] because they are men , and which they will therefore spend their effort and their riches to procure for themselves and to bestow upon others .

This is very popular in the country because upon the whole trade unions are unpopular , and therefore , if you can attach the consequences of your own actions ( for which you desire to transfer the blame to other people ) to somebody who is unpopular already and attribute it to him , you are almost certain to be home and dry .
this is very popular in the country because upon the whole trade unions are unpopular , and therefore , if you can attach the consequences of your own actions ( for which you [want] to transfer the blame to other people ) to somebody who is unpopular already and attribute it to him , you are almost certain to be home and dry .

And although , now , twenty years later , she could understand his hurt and confusion and desire for revenge , then it had hit her squarely in all the areas she was most vulnerable .
and although , now , twenty years later , she could understand his hurt and confusion and [want] for revenge , then it had hit her squarely in all the areas she was most vulnerable .

The author of the book had argued that evolution was a product of desire : a wingless animal , unconsciously , wants to fly — it wills a wing , a pair or wings , or a longer neck to reach the trees , or swifter legs to escape its predators .
the author of the book had argued that evolution was a product of [want] : a wingless animal , unconsciously , wants to fly — it wills a wing , a pair or wings , or a longer neck to reach the trees , or swifter legs to escape its predators .

It says a great deal about the natural stupidity of tyrants that , having discovered that torture works extremely effectively in intellectual or political cases , they immediately assume that it will work as well in the inspiring of desire in young women .
it says a great deal about the natural stupidity of tyrants that , having discovered that torture works extremely effectively in intellectual or political cases , they immediately assume that it will work as well in the inspiring of [want] in young women .

The dragon was the same as her wild longings , her fierce and stubborn courage , her desire to fly .
the dragon was the same as her wild longings , her fierce and stubborn courage , her [want] to fly .

Once upon a time Fenna had brooded on a hoard for so many years and with such desire that it had quickened and grown , diamonds breeding and bringing up their young under his weight .
once upon a time fenna had brooded on a hoard for so many years and with such [want] that it had quickened and grown , diamonds breeding and bringing up their young under his weight .

Freed , thus , from the weight of the dragon 's will , and safely assured of being able to get home again Maggie turned her mind to her own task and went travelling down into the labyrinth of memory and desire .
freed , thus , from the weight of the dragon 's will , and safely assured of being able to get home again maggie turned her mind to her own task and went travelling down into the labyrinth of memory and [want] .

Fenna did not want her to menstruate , Fenna would not allow her to desire .
fenna did not want her to menstruate , fenna would not allow her to [want] .

Dragons love virgins , but they hate the creamy smell of female desire that will bring the young men to their caves , to steal and kill .
dragons love virgins , but they hate the creamy smell of female [want] that will bring the young men to their caves , to steal and kill .

Why do certain images matter to one , and why is the desire to answer this question as involuntary as the response itself ?
why do certain images matter to one , and why is the [want] to answer this question as involuntary as the response itself ?

The effort to recapture art 's ‘ history ’ is always entangled with the desire to remake its identity and meaning as part of contemporary struggles .
the effort to recapture art 's ‘ history ’ is always entangled with the [want] to remake its identity and meaning as part of contemporary struggles .

of Christianity , or it can mean the adoption and identification of a ‘ guardian spirit ’ , who will watch over your life-journey , a universal , but at the same time very individual and personal desire , expressed in most religions and cultures .
of christianity , or it can mean the adoption and identification of a ‘ guardian spirit ’ , who will watch over your life-journey , a universal , but at the same time very individual and personal [want] , expressed in most religions and cultures .

This quickly emerged as one of the most avant-garde of the new Mexican galleries , and the locus of a group of young artists , including José Luis Cuevas , who ‘ with no fixed programme and no common plastic language , [ … ] were united only by the desire for change ’ .
this quickly emerged as one of the most avant-garde of the new mexican galleries , and the locus of a group of young artists , including josé luis cuevas , who ‘ with no fixed programme and no common plastic language , [ … ] were united only by the [want] for change ’ .

Raymond Williams has remarked that the danger of the heuristic utopia is that it ‘ can settle into isolated and sentimental desire , a means of living with alienation ’ .
raymond williams has remarked that the danger of the heuristic utopia is that it ‘ can settle into isolated and sentimental [want] , a means of living with alienation ’ .

Overwhelmed by the number of donors pushing their desire to lend , recipient governments were frequently unable to sort out their own priorities in a meaningful way .
overwhelmed by the number of donors pushing their [want] to lend , recipient governments were frequently unable to sort out their own priorities in a meaningful way .

But many commentators saw only a decline in the desire to rear or look after children , a weakening of the cohesive effects of the family , and an associated diminution of the buoyancy of the stock in terms familiar at least since the Boer War .
but many commentators saw only a decline in the [want] to rear or look after children , a weakening of the cohesive effects of the family , and an associated diminution of the buoyancy of the stock in terms familiar at least since the boer war .

Clearly television is not the only reason for falling gates — affluence and a consequently greater variety of choice in entertainment , a desire to participate in physical exercise rather than watch , hooliganism , suburban family-centredness , and feminism are other factors all pulling more or less in the direction of declining live attendance .
clearly television is not the only reason for falling gates — affluence and a consequently greater variety of choice in entertainment , a [want] to participate in physical exercise rather than watch , hooliganism , suburban family-centredness , and feminism are other factors all pulling more or less in the direction of declining live attendance .

An unoccupied person , finding a drum , may be seized with a desire to beat it ; but unless he is an imbecile he will be unable to continue beating it , and thereby satisfying a need ( rather than a ‘ desire ’ ) , without finding a reason for so doing .
an unoccupied person , finding a drum , may be seized with a [want] to beat it ; but unless he is an imbecile he will be unable to continue beating it , and thereby satisfying a need ( rather than a ‘ [want] ’ ) , without finding a reason for so doing .

There he found fragments uniting the personal and anthropological , whether in the ‘ memory and desire ’ of the Thomsonian buried corpse about which he had read at Harvard , in the Frazerian Mayne Reid deserts of his childhood , in Kipling 's metempsychosis , Rostand , or Jacobean dramatists , or a passage recommended to him by his Harvard Sanskrit teacher , Charles Lanman , who had laid special emphasis on the advice which the Hindu ‘ Lord of Creatures ’ gives to men in thunder .
there he found fragments uniting the personal and anthropological , whether in the ‘ memory and [want] ’ of the thomsonian buried corpse about which he had read at harvard , in the frazerian mayne reid deserts of his childhood , in kipling 's metempsychosis , rostand , or jacobean dramatists , or a passage recommended to him by his harvard sanskrit teacher , charles lanman , who had laid special emphasis on the advice which the hindu ‘ lord of creatures ’ gives to men in thunder .

‘ Art and religion ’ , Harrison had stated , ‘ alike spring from unsatisfied desire .
‘ art and religion ’ , harrison had stated , ‘ alike spring from unsatisfied [want] .

Writing about the novel in 1 927 , Eliot stated that ‘ nearly every contemporary novel known to me is either directly affected by a study of psycho-analysis , or affected by the atmosphere created by psycho-analysis , or inspired by a desire to escape from psycho-analysis … ’ Eliot emphasized the dangers of this and drew attention to the importance of the Jamesian stress on ‘ the whole deep mystery of man 's soul and conscience ’ .
writing about the novel in 1 927 , eliot stated that ‘ nearly every contemporary novel known to me is either directly affected by a study of psycho-analysis , or affected by the atmosphere created by psycho-analysis , or inspired by a [want] to escape from psycho-analysis … ’ eliot emphasized the dangers of this and drew attention to the importance of the jamesian stress on ‘ the whole deep mystery of man 's soul and conscience ’ .

The funeral dance is part of that turning world which , like the remorselessly and vapidly revolving seasons of The Waste Land ( or the circles of the London underground in ‘ Burnt Norton ’ ) threatens to trap its inhabitants in a cycle which is , eventually , empty . So timeless Love is distinguished from temporal desire which ,
the funeral dance is part of that turning world which , like the remorselessly and vapidly revolving seasons of the waste land ( or the circles of the london underground in ‘ burnt norton ’ ) threatens to trap its inhabitants in a cycle which is , eventually , empty . so timeless love is distinguished from temporal [want] which ,

Between un-being and being reminds the reader of that moment when the shadow falls ‘ Between the potency/ And the existence ’ , or of Tiresias 's being trapped unfulfilled in sexual desire , bearing witness to all the ritualistically patterned couplings of history , ‘ throbbing between two lives ’ .
between un-being and being reminds the reader of that moment when the shadow falls ‘ between the potency/ and the existence ’ , or of tiresias 's being trapped unfulfilled in sexual [want] , bearing witness to all the ritualistically patterned couplings of history , ‘ throbbing between two lives ’ .

Her desire to break with traditional policies has also involved a rupture with many traditional Tory interests and leaders .
her [want] to break with traditional policies has also involved a rupture with many traditional tory interests and leaders .

First , both theories suggest an eventual return of homosexuality : in the one ( psychoanalytic ) it is a psychic return of the repressed from within , in the other ( materialist ) a social or cultural return from without ; either an inner resurgence of desire through the breakdown of psychic repression , or the oppositional approach via the proximate of the demonized other from beyond , from the social margins where he or she has been discovered , constructed , displaced .
first , both theories suggest an eventual return of homosexuality : in the one ( psychoanalytic ) it is a psychic return of the repressed from within , in the other ( materialist ) a social or cultural return from without ; either an inner resurgence of [want] through the breakdown of psychic repression , or the oppositional approach via the proximate of the demonized other from beyond , from the social margins where he or she has been discovered , constructed , displaced .

We have already seen how the psychic return of homosexuality is central to Freud 's account of neurosis , possibly becoming , in Hocquenghem 's phrase , the ‘ killer of civilised egos ’ because such egos are rooted in and conditional upon the repression of that same homosexual desire which returns .
we have already seen how the psychic return of homosexuality is central to freud 's account of neurosis , possibly becoming , in hocquenghem 's phrase , the ‘ killer of civilised egos ’ because such egos are rooted in and conditional upon the repression of that same homosexual [want] which returns .

In the first it is the negation of desire , in the second , of the culturally defined other of cultural difference .
in the first it is the negation of [want] , in the second , of the culturally defined other of cultural difference .

The following remark of Dennis Altman 's , even if not strictly correct historically , rightly implies how the negation of desire and the negation of difference are in practice often inseparable : ‘ the original purpose of the categorization of homosexuals as people apart was to project the homosexuality in everyone onto a defined minority as a way of externalizing forbidden desires and reassuring the majority that homosexuality is something that happens to other people ’ ( Homosexualization , 72 ) .
the following remark of dennis altman 's , even if not strictly correct historically , rightly implies how the negation of [want] and the negation of difference are in practice often inseparable : ‘ the original purpose of the categorization of homosexuals as people apart was to project the homosexuality in everyone onto a defined minority as a way of externalizing forbidden desires and reassuring the majority that homosexuality is something that happens to other people ’ ( homosexualization , 72 ) .

On the Freudian model it is the repression and sublimation of homosexual desire that helps secure identity and social organization .
on the freudian model it is the repression and sublimation of homosexual [want] that helps secure identity and social organization .

Conversely , on the materialist model it is much more homophobia itself , as an aspect of the construction of homosexuality and independently of the question of the actual subjective repression of desire , which helps secure a coerced identity and social organization ; homophobia enforces the heterosexual norm by policing its boundaries : ‘ Homophobia is only incidentally directed against homosexuals — its more common use is against the 49 % of the population which is male … The taunt ‘ What are you , a fag ? '
conversely , on the materialist model it is much more homophobia itself , as an aspect of the construction of homosexuality and independently of the question of the actual subjective repression of [want] , which helps secure a coerced identity and social organization ; homophobia enforces the heterosexual norm by policing its boundaries : ‘ homophobia is only incidentally directed against homosexuals — its more common use is against the 49 % of the population which is male … the taunt ‘ what are you , a fag ? '

Even in the first case , where homophobia is the expression of repressed desire , we should neither overestimate its destabilizing effects , nor regard its homophobic projection as an always ultimately futile effort to avoid the crippling effects of repression and/or neurosis .
even in the first case , where homophobia is the expression of repressed [want] , we should neither overestimate its destabilizing effects , nor regard its homophobic projection as an always ultimately futile effort to avoid the crippling effects of repression and/or neurosis .

So while homophobia may sometimes originate in and , as it circulates socially , reconnect with repressed desire , the latter can not be homophobia 's necessary condition since it often circulates without it , and in a socio-political form which is more rapid , more widespread , more economical , and possibly more destructive .
so while homophobia may sometimes originate in and , as it circulates socially , reconnect with repressed [want] , the latter can not be homophobia 's necessary condition since it often circulates without it , and in a socio-political form which is more rapid , more widespread , more economical , and possibly more destructive .

Desire and Disgust
[want] and disgust

’ But , they add , ‘ disgust always bears the imprint of desire .
’ but , they add , ‘ disgust always bears the imprint of [want] .

Conversely , desire bears the imprint of disgust : even as the low other becomes an object of longing , it is simultaneously that on to which is displaced a self-disgust that inheres at the centre of bourgeois desire , and for that matter other forms of desire .
conversely , [want] bears the imprint of disgust : even as the low other becomes an object of longing , it is simultaneously that on to which is displaced a self-disgust that inheres at the centre of bourgeois [want] , and for that matter other forms of [want] .

The difference of the other becomes a displaced and intensified facet of the same , the object of desire and disgust .
the difference of the other becomes a displaced and intensified facet of the same , the object of [want] and disgust .

The eminent Kleinian psychoanalyst , Hanna Segal , has recently declared the adult homosexual structure to be inherently pathological , disturbed , and perverse , and this because of an inbuilt , narcissistic desire for the same : ‘ homosexuality is of necessity a narcissistic condition , as the name itself betrays .
the eminent kleinian psychoanalyst , hanna segal , has recently declared the adult homosexual structure to be inherently pathological , disturbed , and perverse , and this because of an inbuilt , narcissistic [want] for the same : ‘ homosexuality is of necessity a narcissistic condition , as the name itself betrays .

Like other key notions in psychoanalysis , the sense of desire as a quest for an always impossible self-completion in or through the other has a long though oft en unrecognized history .
like other key notions in psychoanalysis , the sense of [want] as a quest for an always impossible self-completion in or through the other has a long though oft en unrecognized history .

The human subject is conceived in terms of an essential , intrinsic lack ; it is a fragment of something larger and more primordial , whose existence is dominated by the desire to recover its missing complement ( The Subject of Semiotics , 152 ) .
the human subject is conceived in terms of an essential , intrinsic lack ; it is a fragment of something larger and more primordial , whose existence is dominated by the [want] to recover its missing complement ( the subject of semiotics , 152 ) .

But the complement remains forever out of reach and desire thereby becomes , for Lacan , a kind of ‘ derangement ’ , with the subject ‘ caught in the rails — eternally stretching forth towards the desire for something else — of metonymy ’ ( Écrits , 167 ) .
but the complement remains forever out of reach and [want] thereby becomes , for lacan , a kind of ‘ derangement ’ , with the subject ‘ caught in the rails — eternally stretching forth towards the [want] for something else — of metonymy ’ ( écrits , 167 ) .

For Lacan desire itself becomes a splitting within the subject : ‘ desire is neither the appetite for satisfaction , nor the demand for love , but the difference resulting from the subtraction of the first from the second , the very phenomenon of their splitting ’ ( Lacan , Feminine Sexuality , 81 ) .
for lacan [want] itself becomes a splitting within the subject : ‘ [want] is neither the appetite for satisfaction , nor the demand for love , but the difference resulting from the subtraction of the first from the second , the very phenomenon of their splitting ’ ( lacan , feminine sexuality , 81 ) .

The potential of this conceptual theory for the psychoanalytic account of desire is nicely remarked by Gayatri Spivak : desire , she says , is a deconstructive structure , one that ‘ forever differs from ( we only desire what is not ourselves ) and deters ( desire is never fulfilled ) ’ ( Grammatology , p. ixxviii ) .
the potential of this conceptual theory for the psychoanalytic account of [want] is nicely remarked by gayatri spivak : [want] , she says , is a deconstructive structure , one that ‘ forever differs from ( we only [want] what is not ourselves ) and deters ( [want] is never fulfilled ) ’ ( grammatology , p. ixxviii ) .

Sexuality is the Fall into desire as lack .
sexuality is the fall into [want] as lack .

So the related notions of desire as lack , the impossibility of desire , and the desiring subject as ineluctably split have a history in Western thought older than psychoanalysis .
so the related notions of [want] as lack , the impossibility of [want] , and the desiring subject as ineluctably split have a history in western thought older than psychoanalysis .

But while Lacanian critics frequently invoke this passage , they less often consider Freud 's extraordinary and provocative remarks in this same essay as to why he thinks desire and satisfaction have become incommensurable .
but while lacanian critics frequently invoke this passage , they less often consider freud 's extraordinary and provocative remarks in this same essay as to why he thinks [want] and satisfaction have become incommensurable .

So for Freud the lack inherent in normalized desire , its impossibility of satisfaction , is structured into sexual difference , and is a direct consequence of the repression of perverse desire .
so for freud the lack inherent in normalized [want] , its impossibility of satisfaction , is structured into sexual difference , and is a direct consequence of the repression of perverse [want] .

The two interrelated psychoanalytic tenets just outlined suggest a radical instability in both identity and desire .
the two interrelated psychoanalytic tenets just outlined suggest a radical instability in both identity and [want] .

It is from an avowedly philosophical perspective that Roger Scruton announces ‘ the major structural feature of perversion ’ to be ‘ the habit of finding a sexual release that avoids or abolishes the other , obliterating his embodiment with the obscene perception of his body ’ ; as such , believes Scruton , it is narcissistic and often solipsistic ( Sexual Desire , 289,343 ) .
it is from an avowedly philosophical perspective that roger scruton announces ‘ the major structural feature of perversion ’ to be ‘ the habit of finding a sexual release that avoids or abolishes the other , obliterating his embodiment with the obscene perception of his body ’ ; as such , believes scruton , it is narcissistic and often solipsistic ( sexual [want] , 289,343 ) .

Desire directed across sexual difference , towards the other gender , elicits not its simulacrum ( as in homosexuality ) but its complement : ‘ Male desire evokes the loyalty which neutralises its vagrant impulses ; female desire evokes the conquering urge which overcomes its hesitations ’ ( p. 309 ) .
[want] directed across sexual difference , towards the other gender , elicits not its simulacrum ( as in homosexuality ) but its complement : ‘ male [want] evokes the loyalty which neutralises its vagrant impulses ; female [want] evokes the conquering urge which overcomes its hesitations ’ ( p. 309 ) .

Undoubtedly the perception of the homosexual as feminized remains strangely disturbing — the supreme symbol , in the eyes of those like Norman Mailer , of a range of deep failures including the demise of masculinity , the abdication of masculine power , the desire for self-destruction , and , beyond that , the loss of difference .
undoubtedly the perception of the homosexual as feminized remains strangely disturbing — the supreme symbol , in the eyes of those like norman mailer , of a range of deep failures including the demise of masculinity , the abdication of masculine power , the [want] for self-destruction , and , beyond that , the loss of difference .

Ideally the theory encompasses the desire for both an integrity of self , and an integration with another .
ideally the theory encompasses the [want] for both an integrity of self , and an integration with another .

But for Lawrence the two conflict and in ways which echo the psychoanalytic account of desire :
but for lawrence the two conflict and in ways which echo the psychoanalytic account of [want] :

The obvious way of approaching those moments in which this occurs is via Lawrence 's astonishing description of intense , concealed homosexual desire in the suppressed prologue to Women in Love :
the obvious way of approaching those moments in which this occurs is via lawrence 's astonishing description of intense , concealed homosexual [want] in the suppressed prologue to women in love :

Lawrence also remained fascinated by anality , and in Women in Love ( ch. 23 , ‘ Excurse ’ ) there is that celebration of the potency of heterosexual anal intercourse where desire would , at the very least , seem to confuse his distinction between anality and sexuality proper :
lawrence also remained fascinated by anality , and in women in love ( ch. 23 , ‘ excurse ’ ) there is that celebration of the potency of heterosexual anal intercourse where [want] would , at the very least , seem to confuse his distinction between anality and sexuality proper :

We might say that Love 's Cure produces transgression precisely in order to contain it , and in the most insidiously ideological way : the deviant desire which initially appeared to contradict nature is reconstituted by nature in accord with her ( ? )
we might say that love 's cure produces transgression precisely in order to contain it , and in the most insidiously ideological way : the deviant [want] which initially appeared to contradict nature is reconstituted by nature in accord with her ( ? )

Reconstituted , not repressed : deviant desire is effortlessly and internally transformed — not forced — from the perverse to the natural .
reconstituted , not repressed : deviant [want] is effortlessly and internally transformed — not forced — from the perverse to the natural .

194 — 6 ) and the ambiguity of ‘ blood ’ : at once sexual desire and what honour demands , literally , of the male opponent .
194 — 6 ) and the ambiguity of ‘ blood ’ : at once sexual [want] and what honour demands , literally , of the male opponent .

In tact , the women 's pleas for peace only intensify the men 's desire to fight , and to a sexual degree .
in tact , the women 's pleas for peace only intensify the men 's [want] to fight , and to a sexual degree .

This is not the first time that Vitelli has insisted to Clara that his sexual desire for her is conjoined with an equally strong desire to kill/ fuck her father ( and , now , her brother ) :
this is not the first time that vitelli has insisted to clara that his sexual [want] for her is conjoined with an equally strong [want] to kill/ fuck her father ( and , now , her brother ) :

Speaking of himself in the second person and now deploying the phallic innuendo of tongue as well as sword , Vitelli presents masculine sexuality as spectacle , again demanding and needing the confirmation of his masculinity by an audience even as he conceives his masculinity in terms of spontaneous , self-generating desire and autonomous honour .
speaking of himself in the second person and now deploying the phallic innuendo of tongue as well as sword , vitelli presents masculine sexuality as spectacle , again demanding and needing the confirmation of his masculinity by an audience even as he conceives his masculinity in terms of spontaneous , self-generating [want] and autonomous honour .

Frequently in this period the representation of the man — man — woman triangle suggests that the desire which bonds men over women is as erotically invested for the men in relation to each other as for each of them in relation to the women .
frequently in this period the representation of the man — man — woman triangle suggests that the [want] which bonds men over women is as erotically invested for the men in relation to each other as for each of them in relation to the women .

It certainly is erotic , but is perhaps better described , following Eve Sedgwick , as homosocial desire , if only , in the first instance , to avoid the easy but questionable assumption that what we witness here is the irruption of repressed homosexual desire as conceived by Freud .
it certainly is erotic , but is perhaps better described , following eve sedgwick , as homosocial [want] , if only , in the first instance , to avoid the easy but questionable assumption that what we witness here is the irruption of repressed homosexual [want] as conceived by freud .

At the same time , and within a heterosexual economy generally , there tends to be a profound separation between identification and desire , especially for males .
at the same time , and within a heterosexual economy generally , there tends to be a profound separation between identification and [want] , especially for males .

Thus the male is required to identify with other males but he is not allowed to desire them ; indeed , identification with should actually preclude desire for .
thus the male is required to identify with other males but he is not allowed to [want] them ; indeed , identification with should actually preclude [want] for .

Conversely , those whom he is supposed to desire , and always in specified ways , namely women , he is discouraged from identifying with : that would equal effeminacy ; so in relation to them desire for precludes identification with .
conversely , those whom he is supposed to [want] , and always in specified ways , namely women , he is discouraged from identifying with : that would equal effeminacy ; so in relation to them [want] for precludes identification with .

For the sexually jealous male , the separate/d objects of identification and desire — the rival man and the faithless woman — have united actually as a distorted counterpart of the forbidden conjunction in the jealous subject between identification and desire .
for the sexually jealous male , the separate/d objects of identification and [want] — the rival man and the faithless woman — have united actually as a distorted counterpart of the forbidden conjunction in the jealous subject between identification and [want] .

Thus his erotic imagining of the usurping male is not the eruption of repressed homosexual desire so much as the fantasized , fearful convergence of identification and desire , precipitated by an actual convergence of their respective objects .
thus his erotic imagining of the usurping male is not the eruption of repressed homosexual [want] so much as the fantasized , fearful convergence of identification and [want] , precipitated by an actual convergence of their respective objects .

Law and conscience are subjected to the perverse dynamic , being made to enable and intensify the rebellion they were supposed to prevent ; likewise with Wilde 's transgressive aesthetic in the realm of desire and culture .
law and conscience are subjected to the perverse dynamic , being made to enable and intensify the rebellion they were supposed to prevent ; likewise with wilde 's transgressive aesthetic in the realm of [want] and culture .

And the primacy of fantasy : as the inheritor of a religious impulse , ‘ modern ’ sexual desire seeks to universalize and naturalize itself .
and the primacy of fantasy : as the inheritor of a religious impulse , ‘ modern ’ sexual [want] seeks to universalize and naturalize itself .

Camp knows and takes pleasure in the tact that desire is culturally relative , and never more so than when , in cathecting contemporary style , it mistakes itself , and the style , for the natural .
camp knows and takes pleasure in the tact that [want] is culturally relative , and never more so than when , in cathecting contemporary style , it mistakes itself , and the style , for the natural .

the highest ideal in The Balcony is for characters to attain that point of social definition at which others desire to impersonate them .
the highest ideal in the balcony is for characters to attain that point of social definition at which others [want] to impersonate them .

The cultural dynamics of transgressive reinscription suggest how both positions are correct : identification with , and desire for , may coexist with parodic subversion of , since a culture is not reducible to the specific desires of the individuals comprising it — desires which anyway differ considerably — and even less to the ‘ truth ’ of desire itself .
the cultural dynamics of transgressive reinscription suggest how both positions are correct : identification with , and [want] for , may coexist with parodic subversion of , since a culture is not reducible to the specific desires of the individuals comprising it — desires which anyway differ considerably — and even less to the ‘ truth ’ of [want] itself .

Gay culture is in part constituted by a self-reflexive , ironic representation of desire itself , gay and straight , and of the objects of desire , again both gay and straight .
gay culture is in part constituted by a self-reflexive , ironic representation of [want] itself , gay and straight , and of the objects of [want] , again both gay and straight .

In one and the same gay milieu one is likely to encounter identification with , desire tor , and parodies of masculinity .
in one and the same gay milieu one is likely to encounter identification with , [want] tor , and parodies of masculinity .

Among numerous other things , gay subcultures ( as opposed to the illusory ‘ truth ’ of a unitary homosexual desire ) include all three , and sometimes indistinguishably .
among numerous other things , gay subcultures ( as opposed to the illusory ‘ truth ’ of a unitary homosexual [want] ) include all three , and sometimes indistinguishably .

And it those subcultures discredit any notion of an essential or unitary gay desire , they also constitute a crucial enabling condition of transgressive reinscription .
and it those subcultures discredit any notion of an essential or unitary gay [want] , they also constitute a crucial enabling condition of transgressive reinscription .

Transgressive reinscription will always remain controversial , if only because it raises such disturbing questions about desire itself , making it profoundly social and thereby asking equally disturbing questions about culture , representation , and social process .
transgressive reinscription will always remain controversial , if only because it raises such disturbing questions about [want] itself , making it profoundly social and thereby asking equally disturbing questions about culture , representation , and social process .

It knows too the impurity of transgressive desire , and most of all perhaps the impurity of dominant forms of identity , be they white , heterosexual , whatever .
it knows too the impurity of transgressive [want] , and most of all perhaps the impurity of dominant forms of identity , be they white , heterosexual , whatever .

What is less often conceded or , if conceded , considered — Bersani being a significant exception — is that if gender is socially constituted so too is desire .
what is less often conceded or , if conceded , considered — bersani being a significant exception — is that if gender is socially constituted so too is [want] .

Desire is informed by the same oppressive constructions of gender that we would willingly dispense with .
[want] is informed by the same oppressive constructions of gender that we would willingly dispense with .

Desire is of its ‘ nature ’ saturated by the social .
[want] is of its ‘ nature ’ saturated by the social .

Desire and Difference
[want] and difference

Just one relevant instance is Roland Barthes 's celebration of difference , so much difference in fact , as eventually to subvert repression itself , producing a concept of desire wherein there would be , for instance , not homosexuality but homosexualities ‘ whose plural will baffle any constituted , centred discourse ’ ( Roland Barthes , 69 ) .
just one relevant instance is roland barthes 's celebration of difference , so much difference in fact , as eventually to subvert repression itself , producing a concept of [want] wherein there would be , for instance , not homosexuality but homosexualities ‘ whose plural will baffle any constituted , centred discourse ’ ( roland barthes , 69 ) .

The instance of homosexuality is not incidental here since ‘ perverse , desire figures centrally in Barthes 's influential theories of difference and textuality .
the instance of homosexuality is not incidental here since ‘ perverse , [want] figures centrally in barthes 's influential theories of difference and textuality .

Like Wilde , Gide , and others , Barthes uses perverse desire to animate and inform his aesthetic and linguistic theories , and it is in terms of language and art that such strategies would in part operate .
like wilde , gide , and others , barthes uses perverse [want] to animate and inform his aesthetic and linguistic theories , and it is in terms of language and art that such strategies would in part operate .

In his inaugural lecture he imagines a utopian plurality of languages on which we would draw ‘ according to the truth of desire ’ :
in his inaugural lecture he imagines a utopian plurality of languages on which we would draw ‘ according to the truth of [want] ’ :

This freedom is a luxury which every society should afford its citizens : as many languages as there are desires — a utopian proposition in that no society is yet ready to admit the plurality of desire .
this freedom is a luxury which every society should afford its citizens : as many languages as there are desires — a utopian proposition in that no society is yet ready to admit the plurality of [want] .

From the vantage point of so-called post-liberation , we know only too well the political blindnesses of sexual desire , and how disastrous it can be to make sexuality the prime mover of a political vision .
from the vantage point of so-called post-liberation , we know only too well the political blindnesses of sexual [want] , and how disastrous it can be to make sexuality the prime mover of a political vision .

What we learn from Wilde , Gide , Barthes , and others is that a conventionally understood politics which ignores sexual desire will quite possibly be as disastrous as one which makes that desire the prime mover — even , or especially , in the age of so-called post-liberation .
what we learn from wilde , gide , barthes , and others is that a conventionally understood politics which ignores sexual [want] will quite possibly be as disastrous as one which makes that [want] the prime mover — even , or especially , in the age of so-called post-liberation .

But also , it is not exactly that they bring sexuality to politics ( it was always already there ) ; rather deviant desire brings with it a different kind of political knowledge , and hence inflects both desire and politics differently .
but also , it is not exactly that they bring sexuality to politics ( it was always already there ) ; rather deviant [want] brings with it a different kind of political knowledge , and hence inflects both [want] and politics differently .

Desire and Strangeness
[want] and strangeness

But Carson is also suggesting how the fantasized desire for the ‘ other ’ actually begins at home as a domestic projection ; how fantasy is ineradicably social and , as such , susceptibility to stereotypes of all kinds , including racial and racist ones ; how fantasy of and for the other exemplifies the mobilities of desire and identification .
but carson is also suggesting how the fantasized [want] for the ‘ other ’ actually begins at home as a domestic projection ; how fantasy is ineradicably social and , as such , susceptibility to stereotypes of all kinds , including racial and racist ones ; how fantasy of and for the other exemplifies the mobilities of [want] and identification .

And that certain lack at the heart of both desire and identification : what Carson actually finds in twenty years abroad is some oppressive sexual mores epitomized in the loveless fuck over the bonnet of a Chevy Impala .
and that certain lack at the heart of both [want] and identification : what carson actually finds in twenty years abroad is some oppressive sexual mores epitomized in the loveless fuck over the bonnet of a chevy impala .

So desire for , and identification with , the cultural and racial other brings with it a complicated history .
so [want] for , and identification with , the cultural and racial other brings with it a complicated history .

What makes the situation especially difficult in the case of homosexuality is that there are those who arm their homophobia by ignoring the first dimension described above — an exile which generates critique — insisting only on the second — the exile who flees one kind of discrimination only to reproduce others , and who is seen to do so in virtue of the alleged ‘ predatory ’ nature of the homosexual desire , now quintessentially defined as a desire to exploit the disadvantaged .
what makes the situation especially difficult in the case of homosexuality is that there are those who arm their homophobia by ignoring the first dimension described above — an exile which generates critique — insisting only on the second — the exile who flees one kind of discrimination only to reproduce others , and who is seen to do so in virtue of the alleged ‘ predatory ’ nature of the homosexual [want] , now quintessentially defined as a [want] to exploit the disadvantaged .

Decentring the Self in the Desire for the Other
decentring the self in the [want] for the other

Amyntas : Desire and Loss
amyntas : [want] and loss

If ecstatic union with the other entails a liberating loss of inhibition and even loss of the self , by the very same token , it is then that desire may become most unaware of the plight of the other , especially when , as here , it is powerfully mediated through the pastoral genre .
if ecstatic union with the other entails a liberating loss of inhibition and even loss of the self , by the very same token , it is then that [want] may become most unaware of the plight of the other , especially when , as here , it is powerfully mediated through the pastoral genre .

Amyntas is a pastoral narrative of self-redemption in relation to , in the desire for , and in the space of , the other .
amyntas is a pastoral narrative of self-redemption in relation to , in the [want] for , and in the space of , the other .

But just as the loss of self is the precondition for the discovery of a more ‘ real ’ because unconflicted , unrepressed self , so the precondition for pastoral sublimity is the loss of history , and once again the landscape which crystallizes desire , in such remarkable images , is also effaced by it :
but just as the loss of self is the precondition for the discovery of a more ‘ real ’ because unconflicted , unrepressed self , so the precondition for pastoral sublimity is the loss of history , and once again the landscape which crystallizes [want] , in such remarkable images , is also effaced by it :

It is not for long that death is less difficult , the histories of self and other lost , and consciousness unconflicted . As the distilled purity of pastoral and the fullness of desire give way to the absences which constitute them , so the journals move towards disenchantment , the acknowledgement of loss , and a sense of the futility of returning in order to recover an original intensity of being :
it is not for long that death is less difficult , the histories of self and other lost , and consciousness unconflicted . as the distilled purity of pastoral and the fullness of [want] give way to the absences which constitute them , so the journals move towards disenchantment , the acknowledgement of loss , and a sense of the futility of returning in order to recover an original intensity of being :

Gide 's narrative of a development from the desire for self-redemption in the space of the other , through the loss of self at the ecstatic height of this existential quest , to the unresolved sense of desire itself as a kind of loss , is amenable to a similar analysis ; in Gide 's case image and fantasy do indeed figure transgressively on the borders of history and the unconscious .
gide 's narrative of a development from the [want] for self-redemption in the space of the other , through the loss of self at the ecstatic height of this existential quest , to the unresolved sense of [want] itself as a kind of loss , is amenable to a similar analysis ; in gide 's case image and fantasy do indeed figure transgressively on the borders of history and the unconscious .

But he made it clear that , in these identifications , desire and politics were inseparable .
but he made it clear that , in these identifications , [want] and politics were inseparable .

If Genet is seduced by the magnanimity of the fedayeen , their selflessness , courage , humour , and love for each other , he is also perplexed and disillusioned by the inseparability of these qualities from an ‘ underlying desire for self-slaughter , for glorious death if victory was impossible ’ ( pp. 271 — 2 ) . Surfacing from that perplexity , which is to say between , and sometimes within , the lyrical meditations on love , is the sense of a truly disturbing proximity of antagonists , most powerfully articulated in Genet 's angry ‘ fantasy ’ of the palace and the shanty town :
if genet is seduced by the magnanimity of the fedayeen , their selflessness , courage , humour , and love for each other , he is also perplexed and disillusioned by the inseparability of these qualities from an ‘ underlying [want] for self-slaughter , for glorious death if victory was impossible ’ ( pp. 271 — 2 ) . surfacing from that perplexity , which is to say between , and sometimes within , the lyrical meditations on love , is the sense of a truly disturbing proximity of antagonists , most powerfully articulated in genet 's angry ‘ fantasy ’ of the palace and the shanty town :

Under capitalism the market and the desire to accumulate wealth appear to be a sufficient basis for social interaction and for regulating communal life ; things and impersonal economic mechanisms have replaced people 's commitment to each other while ‘ the ancient conception in which man always appears ( in however narrowly national , religious or political a definition ) as the aim of production , seems very much more exalted that the modern world in which production is the aim of man and wealth the aim of production ’ [ p. 84 ] .
under capitalism the market and the [want] to accumulate wealth appear to be a sufficient basis for social interaction and for regulating communal life ; things and impersonal economic mechanisms have replaced people 's commitment to each other while ‘ the ancient conception in which man always appears ( in however narrowly national , religious or political a definition ) as the aim of production , seems very much more exalted that the modern world in which production is the aim of man and wealth the aim of production ’ [ p. 84 ] .

In order to succeed in their desire to pass on their property to their children , men first introduced the rule of monogamy and thus brought about the first great change .
in order to succeed in their [want] to pass on their property to their children , men first introduced the rule of monogamy and thus brought about the first great change .

Though many analysts believe the desire for Marcos 's return to be based on Filipino culture and tradition , others feel Marcos 's 20 years of corrupt rule has produced a psychologically damaged people .
though many analysts believe the [want] for marcos 's return to be based on filipino culture and tradition , others feel marcos 's 20 years of corrupt rule has produced a psychologically damaged people .

But if your repertoire includes standards like Wo n't Get Fooled Again , Substitute , and My Generation , it must be galling to be made to justify your desire to go out and play them .
but if your repertoire includes standards like wo n't get fooled again , substitute , and my generation , it must be galling to be made to justify your [want] to go out and play them .

The true reason , of course , is a secretive state 's ancestral suspicion of its own citizens , and its desire for absolute control of information .
the true reason , of course , is a secretive state 's ancestral suspicion of its own citizens , and its [want] for absolute control of information .

On Sunday West Germany had complained about the police presence around its embassy , and the slackening of restrictions is thought to have reflected an apparent Czechoslovak desire to remain as far as possible on good terms with both Germanies .
on sunday west germany had complained about the police presence around its embassy , and the slackening of restrictions is thought to have reflected an apparent czechoslovak [want] to remain as far as possible on good terms with both germanies .

The desire of Hans-Dietrich Genscher , the West German Foreign Minister , to deliver the West German side of the bargain appears to have been dissolved by the prospect of television pictures showing young East German families , including pregnant women , hungry and crying on the pavement outside an unwelcoming West German embassy .
the [want] of hans-dietrich genscher , the west german foreign minister , to deliver the west german side of the bargain appears to have been dissolved by the prospect of television pictures showing young east german families , including pregnant women , hungry and crying on the pavement outside an unwelcoming west german embassy .

The Labour Party Conference : Executive votes show desire for unity
the labour party conference : executive votes show [want] for unity

‘ You may wish to ask yourself whether there really has to date been a desire to address the drug problem in sport with firm conviction .
‘ you may wish to ask yourself whether there really has to date been a [want] to address the drug problem in sport with firm conviction .

Hwang 's devotion to theatrical effects suggests that he shares Shaffer 's belief that ‘ peacockery is one of the dramatist 's obligations ’ , and both plays concern an effort at a human relationship across cultural difference : Pizarro 's fascination with the defeated Inca god-king Atahuallpa , and Gallimard 's desire for his Butterfly .
hwang 's devotion to theatrical effects suggests that he shares shaffer 's belief that ‘ peacockery is one of the dramatist 's obligations ’ , and both plays concern an effort at a human relationship across cultural difference : pizarro 's fascination with the defeated inca god-king atahuallpa , and gallimard 's [want] for his butterfly .

Ordnung , consultant psychologist to the Fleet Air Arm , sets out to understand why a perfectly normal red-blooded Sloane should suffer from the terrifying desire to write stories about helicopters that can speak .
ordnung , consultant psychologist to the fleet air arm , sets out to understand why a perfectly normal red-blooded sloane should suffer from the terrifying [want] to write stories about helicopters that can speak .

Through a system of ‘ Citizen Schools ’ Highlander slowly helped establish a methodology of non-formal adult education in which the students were able to relate to the subject which they needed to learn — in this case the desire to learn to read for the purpose of being able to vote .
through a system of ‘ citizen schools ’ highlander slowly helped establish a methodology of non-formal adult education in which the students were able to relate to the subject which they needed to learn — in this case the [want] to learn to read for the purpose of being able to vote .

Otherwise there is a danger of continuing a situation which will become increasingly less satisfactory and will lead only to the desire to leave the rural areas for social and educational as well as economic reasons .
otherwise there is a danger of continuing a situation which will become increasingly less satisfactory and will lead only to the [want] to leave the rural areas for social and educational as well as economic reasons .

This awakened , in many , a burning desire to cleanse the Church from all the superstitious beliefs and ceremonies accumulated during the centuries of Papal domination .
this awakened , in many , a burning [want] to cleanse the church from all the superstitious beliefs and ceremonies accumulated during the centuries of papal domination .

It is my desire that many others , in our own day , will catch something of Baxter 's vision , zeal for God and love for the souls of men .
it is my [want] that many others , in our own day , will catch something of baxter 's vision , zeal for god and love for the souls of men .

Moreover , it was his heart 's desire that the cause of the Gospel would flourish throughout the whole country and even beyond .
moreover , it was his heart 's [want] that the cause of the gospel would flourish throughout the whole country and even beyond .

Man 's desire to fly like the birds had existed for hundreds of years but with the advent of the internal combustion engine , the chances of achieving some sort of flight appeared to be improved .
man 's [want] to fly like the birds had existed for hundreds of years but with the advent of the internal combustion engine , the chances of achieving some sort of flight appeared to be improved .

During 1934 , Hitler 's desire to become the sole dictator of Germany took a step further when he was able to dissolve all Trade Unions , and followed that with a purge of unwanted members of the Nazi party .
during 1934 , hitler 's [want] to become the sole dictator of germany took a step further when he was able to dissolve all trade unions , and followed that with a purge of unwanted members of the nazi party .

They had a good training group and indicated a keen desire to learn and apply the same professionalism to the farm as to their other occupation .
they had a good training group and indicated a keen [want] to learn and apply the same professionalism to the farm as to their other occupation .

Orkney had a number of young part-time farmers who saw this as a potential constraint but in their cases it was linked to their desire to become full-time farmers as soon as possible .
orkney had a number of young part-time farmers who saw this as a potential constraint but in their cases it was linked to their [want] to become full-time farmers as soon as possible .

In this predominantly part-time area only 47 % of wives would have tackled an emergency themselves yet 74 % indicated a desire to be able to do more on the farm .
in this predominantly part-time area only 47 % of wives would have tackled an emergency themselves yet 74 % indicated a [want] to be able to do more on the farm .

Four out of ten wives felt that attending the course would help them assist their husbands , indicating that : ( a ) they saw a need to help their husbands , and ( b ) they most probably felt a desire to be more helpful on the farm .
four out of ten wives felt that attending the course would help them assist their husbands , indicating that : ( a ) they saw a need to help their husbands , and ( b ) they most probably felt a [want] to be more helpful on the farm .

This desire for early winter training required planning and preparation as early as September and a number of Group Organisers and Training Advisers had been slow to appreciate this .
this [want] for early winter training required planning and preparation as early as september and a number of group organisers and training advisers had been slow to appreciate this .

Their willingness to do so indicated a strong desire to participate in training .
their willingness to do so indicated a strong [want] to participate in training .

She had a good career behind the counter in Ladies ' Separates , but no desire to become a spinster .
she had a good career behind the counter in ladies ' separates , but no [want] to become a spinster .

His desire to be always in absolute control made it impossible for him to seek the medical and psychological help he needed and he had no close friends to persuade him .
his [want] to be always in absolute control made it impossible for him to seek the medical and psychological help he needed and he had no close friends to persuade him .

There are those who give little of the much which they have — and they give it for recognition and their hidden desire makes their gift unwholesome .
there are those who give little of the much which they have — and they give it for recognition and their hidden [want] makes their gift unwholesome .

The desire to capture had driven him like a wild man through the school yard , up the sidewalk , everywhere .
the [want] to capture had driven him like a wild man through the school yard , up the sidewalk , everywhere .

The mix of the original architect 's unusual commitment to the concept of asymmetry , the previous inhabitants ' rabid fetish for amassing ridiculous quantities of Victorian bric-à-brac and '30s kitsch , and Amelia 's own declared desire to keep her environment in a state of constant flux had turned the place into a confused and confusing labyrinth .
the mix of the original architect 's unusual commitment to the concept of asymmetry , the previous inhabitants ' rabid fetish for amassing ridiculous quantities of victorian bric-à-brac and '30s kitsch , and amelia 's own declared [want] to keep her environment in a state of constant flux had turned the place into a confused and confusing labyrinth .

Many rivals to Ibstock are suffering , and the Redland bid for Steetley , ditching a rival plan from Tarmac , demonstrated a strong and widespread desire for rationalisation and consolidation in order to remove some of the spare capacity .
many rivals to ibstock are suffering , and the redland bid for steetley , ditching a rival plan from tarmac , demonstrated a strong and widespread [want] for rationalisation and consolidation in order to remove some of the spare capacity .

Mogulof ( 1974 ) sees a dialectic in which the establishment and the change agent system determine how much participation they will allow , while the client system decides how strong is its desire or demand for participation .
mogulof ( 1974 ) sees a dialectic in which the establishment and the change agent system determine how much participation they will allow , while the client system decides how strong is its [want] or demand for participation .

This has been generated , perhaps , more by past failures than by any great desire on the part of the majority of people for more participatory forms of decision making .
this has been generated , perhaps , more by past failures than by any great [want] on the part of the majority of people for more participatory forms of decision making .

‘ Our decisions do not result from the challenge of other sports but as a desire to add to the appeal of rugby union at all levels .
‘ our decisions do not result from the challenge of other sports but as a [want] to add to the appeal of rugby union at all levels .

The directors of this project found that it was not enough simply to do what is usually done when there is a desire to maximize the performance of paraprofessionals , that is , to provide them with appropriate training .
the directors of this project found that it was not enough simply to do what is usually done when there is a [want] to maximize the performance of paraprofessionals , that is , to provide them with appropriate training .

Even parents who were suspected of abuse retained a sense of responsibility for their children which should be nurtured , not crushed ; and even the implementation of legal powers required respect , communication , the willingness to listen , and the desire to reach agreements — not least with the victims themselves .
even parents who were suspected of abuse retained a sense of responsibility for their children which should be nurtured , not crushed ; and even the implementation of legal powers required respect , communication , the willingness to listen , and the [want] to reach agreements — not least with the victims themselves .

Social work inclination to try to verify the occurrence of sexual abuse was often at variance with the police desire to be involved as early as possible in the investigation of a case .
social work inclination to try to verify the occurrence of sexual abuse was often at variance with the police [want] to be involved as early as possible in the investigation of a case .

There was a group of children in our sample who either because they could still remember harsh treatment at the hands of a parent , or because their parents had themselves ceased contact , deserted them , or showed no interest in them , had no desire to meet the parents or maintain a link .
there was a group of children in our sample who either because they could still remember harsh treatment at the hands of a parent , or because their parents had themselves ceased contact , deserted them , or showed no interest in them , had no [want] to meet the parents or maintain a link .

The customers were all men , heavily robed , standing in groups or leaning on the counter with no apparent desire to be served .
the customers were all men , heavily robed , standing in groups or leaning on the counter with no apparent [want] to be served .

In spite of a keen desire to reach greater heights , progress is hindered by poor practice methods which make improvement slow and frustrating .
in spite of a keen [want] to reach greater heights , progress is hindered by poor practice methods which make improvement slow and frustrating .

Unity : What we all desire
unity : what we all [want]

our heartfelt desire to find out what God 's will is for the Church today
our heartfelt [want] to find out what god 's will is for the church today

our faith that all human beings are loved equally by God and our desire for all to know God 's love in Christ But we need to look at the issue calmly , listen to others who have different perspectives and then sort out our own priorities .
our faith that all human beings are loved equally by god and our [want] for all to know god 's love in christ but we need to look at the issue calmly , listen to others who have different perspectives and then sort out our own priorities .

Unity : What we all desire
unity : what we all [want]

This exists primarily because of the government 's desire to finance a substantial part of its expenditure by cheap money rather than by taxation .
this exists primarily because of the government 's [want] to finance a substantial part of its expenditure by cheap money rather than by taxation .

You did n't have to make them work , they had a desire to study , ’ says Mildenhall .
you did n't have to make them work , they had a [want] to study , ’ says mildenhall .

He had no desire to use his lyrics to sloganeer or weave colourful , cinematic plots .
he had no [want] to use his lyrics to sloganeer or weave colourful , cinematic plots .

Marshall is in an invidious position trying to balance the resoluteness of The Wedding Present and his bosses ' basic desire to sell as many records as possible .
marshall is in an invidious position trying to balance the resoluteness of the wedding present and his bosses ' basic [want] to sell as many records as possible .

’ Whether it was the incentive of the dime or the desire to get it over , there was little hesitation this time , and her hand shot out imperiously at the end of it .
’ whether it was the incentive of the dime or the [want] to get it over , there was little hesitation this time , and her hand shot out imperiously at the end of it .

Mitch 's image alone does not make clear that he will be mocked rather than taken seriously as an object of desire .
mitch 's image alone does not make clear that he will be mocked rather than taken seriously as an object of [want] .

This ‘ impact ’ has from the earliest days of film theory opened up questions of ideology , of desire and fantasy , and of representation .
this ‘ impact ’ has from the earliest days of film theory opened up questions of ideology , of [want] and fantasy , and of representation .

This obviously stresses a desire to reach a specific cultural community , but more than that Saab 's position also indicates the political aspects of cultural work .
this obviously stresses a [want] to reach a specific cultural community , but more than that saab 's position also indicates the political aspects of cultural work .

The debate as to whether this institutional framework exercised a determining ( ideological ) influence on film output has been an ongoing one , but the importance of Claire Johnston 's contribution to it in the mid seventies is that she argued for a reading of Hollywood entertainment films which made a space for ‘ collective fantasies of women 's desire ’ .
the debate as to whether this institutional framework exercised a determining ( ideological ) influence on film output has been an ongoing one , but the importance of claire johnston 's contribution to it in the mid seventies is that she argued for a reading of hollywood entertainment films which made a space for ‘ collective fantasies of women 's [want] ’ .

( Johnston 1976 , p. 217 ) At more or less the same time , Laura Mulvey took the discussion of women 's desire and fantasy out of the realm of the ideological/symbolic .
( johnston 1976 , p. 217 ) at more or less the same time , laura mulvey took the discussion of women 's [want] and fantasy out of the realm of the ideological/symbolic .

There is , said Saab , ‘ nothing wrong with the representation of women as objects of desire ’ ; she found them attractive and strong .
there is , said saab , ‘ nothing wrong with the representation of women as objects of [want] ’ ; she found them attractive and strong .

Chase focuses on Kristeva 's reworking of primary narcissism , namely that the infant identifies with the ( imaginary ) father through the mother 's desire , so that the mother is always a sign to be read .
chase focuses on kristeva 's reworking of primary narcissism , namely that the infant identifies with the ( imaginary ) father through the mother 's [want] , so that the mother is always a sign to be read .

For most of these fifteen women , knowledge — of their sexuality , its implications , risks and rewards — has been hard won : their desire to share it , preserve it , pass it on , was their main reason for agreeing to be interviewed .
for most of these fifteen women , knowledge — of their sexuality , its implications , risks and rewards — has been hard won : their [want] to share it , preserve it , pass it on , was their main reason for agreeing to be interviewed .

Interestingly , despite Bair 's desire to produce a ‘ coherent , cohesive unity ’ , de Beauvoir emerges with contradictions intact — at times an intimidating woman , excessively rational , inflexible and intolerant , and at other times extremely naive and lacking in confidence .
interestingly , despite bair 's [want] to produce a ‘ coherent , cohesive unity ’ , de beauvoir emerges with contradictions intact — at times an intimidating woman , excessively rational , inflexible and intolerant , and at other times extremely naive and lacking in confidence .

At an early age he developed a desire for foreign travel and it was the Dutch East Indies which first attracted him .
at an early age he developed a [want] for foreign travel and it was the dutch east indies which first attracted him .

His duties with the Friends ' Ambulance Unit in the Western Desert reinforced a desire to give service .
his duties with the friends ' ambulance unit in the western desert reinforced a [want] to give service .

It is actively supported by a small part of the population , and tacitly tolerated by many more , out of either fear or a simple desire not to be involved in a political battle .
it is actively supported by a small part of the population , and tacitly tolerated by many more , out of either fear or a simple [want] not to be involved in a political battle .

Football : England 's desire to settle debt
football : england 's [want] to settle debt

Mr Torode is fanatical in his responses . If he wants to ‘ elevate freedom of expression above freedom to hide from intellectual challenge , or even vulgar verbal abuse ’ , then why should Muslims not elevate the obligation to defend Muhammad 's honour above the liberal desire to prostitute his reputation ? Is Mr Torode 's liberalism any less an absolute ideological position than the Islamic fundamentalism of his opponents ?
mr torode is fanatical in his responses . if he wants to ‘ elevate freedom of expression above freedom to hide from intellectual challenge , or even vulgar verbal abuse ’ , then why should muslims not elevate the obligation to defend muhammad 's honour above the liberal [want] to prostitute his reputation ? is mr torode 's liberalism any less an absolute ideological position than the islamic fundamentalism of his opponents ?

It is hard not to sympathise with his desire to knock off managing director Duncan , a hammy , cantankerous old fool in Kevin Stoney 's playing .
it is hard not to sympathise with his [want] to knock off managing director duncan , a hammy , cantankerous old fool in kevin stoney 's playing .

The right to self-determination might realistically be extended to cover those who desire their own death but lack the resources or the strength to accomplish it : this is a strong argument for a mercy-killing defence or offence .
the right to self-determination might realistically be extended to cover those who [want] their own death but lack the resources or the strength to accomplish it : this is a strong argument for a mercy-killing defence or offence .

Yet , recognition of that extension might at the same time open up the possibility that vulnerable people who do not desire death , despite their suffering , might be killed by others for reasons of their own : this would subvert the right to self-determination , and is an argument against a mercy-killing defence or offence .
yet , recognition of that extension might at the same time open up the possibility that vulnerable people who do not [want] death , despite their suffering , might be killed by others for reasons of their own : this would subvert the right to self-determination , and is an argument against a mercy-killing defence or offence .

Our discoveries about their similarities and differences will lead us to examine other passages in Exodus and Numbers , and our desire to explain certain features of all these texts will then encourage us to look at the positions they occupy in the larger narrative , and so discuss their contexts in greater detail .
our discoveries about their similarities and differences will lead us to examine other passages in exodus and numbers , and our [want] to explain certain features of all these texts will then encourage us to look at the positions they occupy in the larger narrative , and so discuss their contexts in greater detail .

In Exodus 16 God replies with gifts designed to meet the people 's need with beautiful precision , to convince them of his compassion and his desire and power to save , and to remind them of his glory .
in exodus 16 god replies with gifts designed to meet the people 's need with beautiful precision , to convince them of his compassion and his [want] and power to save , and to remind them of his glory .

We hear of God 's desire to wipe his people off the face of the earth , and begin again with Moses .
we hear of god 's [want] to wipe his people off the face of the earth , and begin again with moses .

Talk to Robin Slade and you know he 's a man who 's studied his sheep ; not from the point of view of winning awards with animals at the other end of a halter , but from a desire to produce the ideal carcass with that all-important round muscle .
talk to robin slade and you know he 's a man who 's studied his sheep ; not from the point of view of winning awards with animals at the other end of a halter , but from a [want] to produce the ideal carcass with that all-important round muscle .

Reason tells him he is mad to want to continue farming , but the desire to do so leads him to rationalise the decision as best he can .
reason tells him he is mad to want to continue farming , but the [want] to do so leads him to rationalise the decision as best he can .

And having reached the decision , he felt a strong desire to see the stones again ; to understand their meaning .
and having reached the decision , he felt a strong [want] to see the stones again ; to understand their meaning .

Unsurprisingly , Oshima avoids the temptation to make an X-rated Gorillas In The Mist , turning in a deadpan satire about desire , jealousy and voyeurism .
unsurprisingly , oshima avoids the temptation to make an x-rated gorillas in the mist , turning in a deadpan satire about [want] , jealousy and voyeurism .

The Vanishing puts this vibe to good use by matching the metaphysical feel of the European road movie with the narrative pace of the post-Hitchcock thriller to come up with an intriguing , slightly disjointed meditation on death , desire and motorway café culture .
the vanishing puts this vibe to good use by matching the metaphysical feel of the european road movie with the narrative pace of the post-hitchcock thriller to come up with an intriguing , slightly disjointed meditation on death , [want] and motorway café culture .

‘ She has the desire and she has the talent .
‘ she has the [want] and she has the talent .

It is possible that against a long-term downward movement of population , perhaps sparked off by a variety of economic concerns , the economic depression helped to determine the immediate attitudes in some of the old declining industrial centres just as the prospect of prosperity , and the accumulation of consumer goods and property , may have stimulated a desire to control family size among the population of the expanding industrial centres of the Midlands and the South East .
it is possible that against a long-term downward movement of population , perhaps sparked off by a variety of economic concerns , the economic depression helped to determine the immediate attitudes in some of the old declining industrial centres just as the prospect of prosperity , and the accumulation of consumer goods and property , may have stimulated a [want] to control family size among the population of the expanding industrial centres of the midlands and the south east .

These policies were underpinned by the oft-stated general commitment to the introduction of a planned national economy and the desire for the ‘ socialization of industry ’ .
these policies were underpinned by the oft-stated general commitment to the introduction of a planned national economy and the [want] for the ‘ socialization of industry ’ .

The limpid evening to a pulse of cool desire ,
the limpid evening to a pulse of cool [want] ,

Tree of her desire , and reaches out
tree of her [want] , and reaches out

Whose wide confusions flank desire with death .
whose wide confusions flank [want] with death .

They seem designed to tap into an audience desire to atone for something and resolve it with a bumper sticker morality and a mushy climax .
they seem designed to tap into an audience [want] to atone for something and resolve it with a bumper sticker morality and a mushy climax .

Even before the two Germanys officially united , the West German government announced its desire to introduce national service for hitherto exempt West Berliners .
even before the two germanys officially united , the west german government announced its [want] to introduce national service for hitherto exempt west berliners .

Old school is a back-to-basics reaction to the sportswear industry 's increasing reliance on pink and pastel , splash and spray , an apparent brainstorm which has forced people who have no desire to look like an explosion in a paint factory to search in discount stores and back-of-beyond sports shops for the design classics of the recent past — nylon Adidas track tops with the simple three-stripe design on each arm , or a pair of shell-toed trainers .
old school is a back-to-basics reaction to the sportswear industry 's increasing reliance on pink and pastel , splash and spray , an apparent brainstorm which has forced people who have no [want] to look like an explosion in a paint factory to search in discount stores and back-of-beyond sports shops for the design classics of the recent past — nylon adidas track tops with the simple three-stripe design on each arm , or a pair of shell-toed trainers .

As science fiction writer John Shirley wrote in an essay called Beyond Cyberpunk : The New Science Fiction Underground , in last year 's Science Fiction Eye , ‘ Like influenza and sexual desire , the alternative press comes and goes in cycles .
as science fiction writer john shirley wrote in an essay called beyond cyberpunk : the new science fiction underground , in last year 's science fiction eye , ‘ like influenza and sexual [want] , the alternative press comes and goes in cycles .

In his will the Dean expressed the desire that ‘ my body may be kept until unequivocal signs of my death shall have taken place … ’ The macabre in Joseph 's fiction became strangely intertwined with his life .
in his will the dean expressed the [want] that ‘ my body may be kept until unequivocal signs of my death shall have taken place … ’ the macabre in joseph 's fiction became strangely intertwined with his life .

For example it was packed into the holds of ships sailing to the New World , to satisfy the expatriates ' desire for Spanish tableware in their overseas posting .
for example it was packed into the holds of ships sailing to the new world , to satisfy the expatriates ' [want] for spanish tableware in their overseas posting .

It was no less astonishing that she should find room on her emaciated body to engrave in it , by her discipline , the wounds of the son of God … she gave herself such blows that her blood sprinkled the wails … and as she practised this penance daily every night she reopened her bleeding wounds by making new ones … Her confessor having ordered her to use an ordinary discipline and leave off her iron chain , she made it knot three rows and wore it round her body … This chain soon took the skin off and entered so deeply into her flesh that it was no longer visible … She bound her arms from the shoulder to the elbow with thick cords … she rubbed herself with nettles … [ in her full length hair shirt ] she appeared more glorious in the eyes of God from her having armed it underneath with a great quantity of points of needles to increase her suffering by this ingenious cruelty … She exposed the soles of her feet at the mouth of the oven … she drank gall and rubbed her eyes therewith … in her ardent desire for suffering she made herself a silver circlet in which she fixed three rows of sharp points in honour of the thirty-three years that the Son of God lived upon earth … she wore it underneath her veil to make it the more painful as these points being unequally long did not all pierce at the same time … so that with the least agitation these iron thorns tore her flesh in ninety-nine places … To keep herself from sleep she suspended herself ingeniously upon a large cross which hung in her room … and should this fail she attached her hair [ the one lock she had not shaved off to the nail in the feet of her Christ so that the least relaxation would inflict terrible suffering on her … [ She constructed herself a bed so excruciatingly painful that ] although she was very generous , still she never placed herself upon it without trembling and shuddering … so violent was the emotion which the inferior [ i.e .
it was no less astonishing that she should find room on her emaciated body to engrave in it , by her discipline , the wounds of the son of god … she gave herself such blows that her blood sprinkled the wails … and as she practised this penance daily every night she reopened her bleeding wounds by making new ones … her confessor having ordered her to use an ordinary discipline and leave off her iron chain , she made it knot three rows and wore it round her body … this chain soon took the skin off and entered so deeply into her flesh that it was no longer visible … she bound her arms from the shoulder to the elbow with thick cords … she rubbed herself with nettles … [ in her full length hair shirt ] she appeared more glorious in the eyes of god from her having armed it underneath with a great quantity of points of needles to increase her suffering by this ingenious cruelty … she exposed the soles of her feet at the mouth of the oven … she drank gall and rubbed her eyes therewith … in her ardent [want] for suffering she made herself a silver circlet in which she fixed three rows of sharp points in honour of the thirty-three years that the son of god lived upon earth … she wore it underneath her veil to make it the more painful as these points being unequally long did not all pierce at the same time … so that with the least agitation these iron thorns tore her flesh in ninety-nine places … to keep herself from sleep she suspended herself ingeniously upon a large cross which hung in her room … and should this fail she attached her hair [ the one lock she had not shaved off to the nail in the feet of her christ so that the least relaxation would inflict terrible suffering on her … [ she constructed herself a bed so excruciatingly painful that ] although she was very generous , still she never placed herself upon it without trembling and shuddering … so violent was the emotion which the inferior [ i.e .

And within this , therefore , female sexual desire was a problem for nineteenth-century medicine .
and within this , therefore , female sexual [want] was a problem for nineteenth-century medicine .

‘ Her social position has rendered woman keenly percipient of every thought and action beautiful or graceful , … taught from infancy to subjugate her passions and affections , her thoughts , her looks , her language kept under control … Need it be a matter of wonder , when we see her capable of such restraint in general , that she should retire within herself and exercise that control we find her continually exerting over all her thoughts and actions the more energetically at a time when she is taught that a stray thought of desire would be impurity and its fruition pollution .
‘ her social position has rendered woman keenly percipient of every thought and action beautiful or graceful , … taught from infancy to subjugate her passions and affections , her thoughts , her looks , her language kept under control … need it be a matter of wonder , when we see her capable of such restraint in general , that she should retire within herself and exercise that control we find her continually exerting over all her thoughts and actions the more energetically at a time when she is taught that a stray thought of [want] would be impurity and its fruition pollution .

More importantly for this essay , Poovey shows how the debate happened around the prone body of the silenced , anaesthetized woman : and how the body itself , now the repository , in a way , of Desire itself , came to behave accordingly .
more importantly for this essay , poovey shows how the debate happened around the prone body of the silenced , anaesthetized woman : and how the body itself , now the repository , in a way , of [want] itself , came to behave accordingly .

By the end of the nineteenth-century , the biological model of sexuality was so constructed that it had become perfectly coherent to argue that excessive sexual desire in a woman was pathological .
by the end of the nineteenth-century , the biological model of sexuality was so constructed that it had become perfectly coherent to argue that excessive sexual [want] in a woman was pathological .

Cutting it off was the most simple expedient — and indeed , the effect was to cure the patient of that pathological and dangerous state — sexual desire .
cutting it off was the most simple expedient — and indeed , the effect was to cure the patient of that pathological and dangerous state — sexual [want] .

Our Victorian legacy means that we have no access to the vocabulary of desire .
our victorian legacy means that we have no access to the vocabulary of [want] .

How can women who have been taught that their choice in sexual relations is passive , limited to being able to say yes or no when approached by a man , be expected to make a sudden leap into active love-making where their desire is acknowledged , and their pleasure is a definite goal ?
how can women who have been taught that their choice in sexual relations is passive , limited to being able to say yes or no when approached by a man , be expected to make a sudden leap into active love-making where their [want] is acknowledged , and their pleasure is a definite goal ?

Indeed , the idea that women might take control of their desire to the point where men come to be judged as objects of pleasure is felt to be so threatening as to be tabooed .
indeed , the idea that women might take control of their [want] to the point where men come to be judged as objects of pleasure is felt to be so threatening as to be tabooed .

( It is in lesbian writing that one finds a sense of what might be possible if women 's desire was autonomous and acknowledged . )
( it is in lesbian writing that one finds a sense of what might be possible if women 's [want] was autonomous and acknowledged . )

It seems to be the case that we interweave desire and pleasure with pain and punishment ; that for women , the chasing of elusive sexual goals remains familiar , and our pleasure is indeed obscured behind a barbed wire fence of masochistic images .
it seems to be the case that we interweave [want] and pleasure with pain and punishment ; that for women , the chasing of elusive sexual goals remains familiar , and our pleasure is indeed obscured behind a barbed wire fence of masochistic images .

Women continue to be defined by a passive and automatic reproductive cycle , and sex continues to be determined by male desire and female consent ( and sometimes even that is n't necessary ) .
women continue to be defined by a passive and automatic reproductive cycle , and sex continues to be determined by male [want] and female consent ( and sometimes even that is n't necessary ) .

Where desire has been returned to us , it is in the shape of a ‘ masculine ’ libido which fits us very badly , and even then we have no vocabulary with which to express it .
where [want] has been returned to us , it is in the shape of a ‘ masculine ’ libido which fits us very badly , and even then we have no vocabulary with which to express it .

And this is why we still carry the burden of having to control the chaos that might break forth should we allow those troubled depths of tempestuous passion to break the surface calm of ‘ normal , desire .
and this is why we still carry the burden of having to control the chaos that might break forth should we allow those troubled depths of tempestuous passion to break the surface calm of ‘ normal , [want] .

For we still believe that our femaleness is a biological entity ; but it is this biology that a century ago wished to remove our clitoris and that continues now to impose upon us a desire that only functions in passive reaction to the actions of men , and that is as a result based in narcissism and masochism .
for we still believe that our femaleness is a biological entity ; but it is this biology that a century ago wished to remove our clitoris and that continues now to impose upon us a [want] that only functions in passive reaction to the actions of men , and that is as a result based in narcissism and masochism .

Whilst we believe in our biologically-determined nature , there will be no possible utopia apart from these two : a matriarchy run by morally superior women , where desire is excluded , and where our innate niceness means that we can all live happily ever after ; or , we let the chaos out , and we rule fiercely and savagely for a short-lived reign , our ferocious and insatiable desire destroying everything around us .
whilst we believe in our biologically-determined nature , there will be no possible utopia apart from these two : a matriarchy run by morally superior women , where [want] is excluded , and where our innate niceness means that we can all live happily ever after ; or , we let the chaos out , and we rule fiercely and savagely for a short-lived reign , our ferocious and insatiable [want] destroying everything around us .

The requirement for abstinence after menstruation and the time for resuming relations correspond precisely to the natural tides of a woman 's sexual desire .
the requirement for abstinence after menstruation and the time for resuming relations correspond precisely to the natural tides of a woman 's sexual [want] .

The social gospel is best preached by someone who burns with zeal rather than sexual desire and has espoused God alone .
the social gospel is best preached by someone who burns with zeal rather than sexual [want] and has espoused god alone .

Her main motive had been simply her love for Jack , her desire to believe him , not to question him , not to cause him any pain , but to accept as fundamental that he must be happy .
her main motive had been simply her love for jack , her [want] to believe him , not to question him , not to cause him any pain , but to accept as fundamental that he must be happy .

As she felt a desire to scream there was a strange sound in the room .
as she felt a [want] to scream there was a strange sound in the room .

He showed no desire to rediscover the metropolis ; and when not out visiting or walking did , as far as Ludens could see , nothing ; nothing , that is , except , presumably , think .
he showed no [want] to rediscover the metropolis ; and when not out visiting or walking did , as far as ludens could see , nothing ; nothing , that is , except , presumably , think .

All this too Ludens was aware of , anxiously , as an aspect of his , Ludens 's , presence , and of a frustrated desire to communicate with him .
all this too ludens was aware of , anxiously , as an aspect of his , ludens 's , presence , and of a frustrated [want] to communicate with him .

Their paternalism was sometimes explicitly mixed with the desire ‘ to take the fire out of the socialist cause .
their paternalism was sometimes explicitly mixed with the [want] ‘ to take the fire out of the socialist cause .

Hence the motive for commercialisation of the peasant created a convergence between a philanthropic desire to improve the lot of the peasant and to serve the economic interests of mining companies and colonial administrators .
hence the motive for commercialisation of the peasant created a convergence between a philanthropic [want] to improve the lot of the peasant and to serve the economic interests of mining companies and colonial administrators .

Communal overexploitation was averted first because of inter-personal face-to-face relationships involved in the design and implementation of forest preservation by a small community where enforcement and the meting out of punishments was a matter for the forest users themselves ; second , because of the existence of a special interest group ( carpenters ) ; and third , the shared and fierce desire of the people to remain as independent of outside influence and control as possible ( p. 434 ) .
communal overexploitation was averted first because of inter-personal face-to-face relationships involved in the design and implementation of forest preservation by a small community where enforcement and the meting out of punishments was a matter for the forest users themselves ; second , because of the existence of a special interest group ( carpenters ) ; and third , the shared and fierce [want] of the people to remain as independent of outside influence and control as possible ( p. 434 ) .

Now there was once a Queen , who might have been thought to have everything she could desire in the world , but had set her heart on a strange silent bird a traveller had told of , which lived in the snowy mountains , nested only once , raised its gold and silver chick , sang once only , and then faded like snow in the lowlands .
now there was once a queen , who might have been thought to have everything she could [want] in the world , but had set her heart on a strange silent bird a traveller had told of , which lived in the snowy mountains , nested only once , raised its gold and silver chick , sang once only , and then faded like snow in the lowlands .

And this filled the perverse daughter with a great desire to go even a little way into the wild wood , where there were no plates and no stitching , but might well be a need of such things as she knew she had it in herself to perform .
and this filled the perverse daughter with a great [want] to go even a little way into the wild wood , where there were no plates and no stitching , but might well be a need of such things as she knew she had it in herself to perform .

Desire is a dowsed fire
[want] is a dowsed fire

Freud was right , Maud thought , vigorously rubbing her white legs , desire lies on the other side of repugnance .
freud was right , maud thought , vigorously rubbing her white legs , [want] lies on the other side of repugnance .

It was a brave and beautiful place , with innumerable windows and twisting staircases and a lawn and a swing in a tree and everything you could desire in a spacious and desirable residence , only that it was all still and tiny enough to need a magnifying glass to see the intricacies of its carvings and appurtenances .
it was a brave and beautiful place , with innumerable windows and twisting staircases and a lawn and a swing in a tree and everything you could [want] in a spacious and desirable residence , only that it was all still and tiny enough to need a magnifying glass to see the intricacies of its carvings and appurtenances .

He felt as though he was prying , and as though he was being uselessly urged on by some violent emotion of curiosity — not greed , curiosity , more fundamental even than sex , the desire for knowledge .
he felt as though he was prying , and as though he was being uselessly urged on by some violent emotion of curiosity — not greed , curiosity , more fundamental even than sex , the [want] for knowledge .

John Thomson was one of a small number of photographers , who seems to have been motivated by a genuine desire to ‘ document ’ .
john thomson was one of a small number of photographers , who seems to have been motivated by a genuine [want] to ‘ document ’ .

Just as Stencil 's quest parodies the reader 's desire to make sense of the text through interpretative patterning , so his investigation of other periods becomes a ludicrous enactment of an author 's creation of characters .
just as stencil 's quest parodies the reader 's [want] to make sense of the text through interpretative patterning , so his investigation of other periods becomes a ludicrous enactment of an author 's creation of characters .

This initial impetus is soon deflected into side-purposes , into the desire to explore the extent of the tycoon 's estate and — even more thrilling to Oedipa — to confirm the existence of a secret society from the seventeenth century to the present .
this initial impetus is soon deflected into side-purposes , into the [want] to explore the extent of the tycoon 's estate and — even more thrilling to oedipa — to confirm the existence of a secret society from the seventeenth century to the present .

There is a concerted desire to destroy what remains of the referential illusion : what seems ‘ real ’ is immediately transformed into another representation in the form of a painting , a postcard or a film .
there is a concerted [want] to destroy what remains of the referential illusion : what seems ‘ real ’ is immediately transformed into another representation in the form of a painting , a postcard or a film .

The Congress soon found its desire to implement a return , regardless of political considerations , opposed not only by Israel but by the Arab states , and even the Palestinian Arab Higher Committee itself , which did not welcome this challenge to their authority in the management of negotiations with the enemy .
the congress soon found its [want] to implement a return , regardless of political considerations , opposed not only by israel but by the arab states , and even the palestinian arab higher committee itself , which did not welcome this challenge to their authority in the management of negotiations with the enemy .

McCann suggests that the idea of having a march through the city centre to commemorate him was inspired by this desire to provoke the authorities ; but given the importance of the centenary , it is likely that some kind of parade would have been organised in any case .
mccann suggests that the idea of having a march through the city centre to commemorate him was inspired by this [want] to provoke the authorities ; but given the importance of the centenary , it is likely that some kind of parade would have been organised in any case .

My contact with David had fired me with an interest in Peru again , a desire to engage with it beyond the level of annoyance .
my contact with david had fired me with an interest in peru again , a [want] to engage with it beyond the level of annoyance .

Her most beguiling quality was her air of dreamy detachment ; she liked being kissed , and kissed them back with mobile lips and a tantalisingly timid tongue , but at the end of a hectic hour of necking , when her partner would be scarlet-faced , sore-lipped and aching with frustrated desire , she was maddeningly serene .
her most beguiling quality was her air of dreamy detachment ; she liked being kissed , and kissed them back with mobile lips and a tantalisingly timid tongue , but at the end of a hectic hour of necking , when her partner would be scarlet-faced , sore-lipped and aching with frustrated [want] , she was maddeningly serene .

Expressing a desire to see the world first , he set off to spend a year teaching elementary mathematics in Kenya .
expressing a [want] to see the world first , he set off to spend a year teaching elementary mathematics in kenya .

‘ Ah — the producer 's calling it Mondo Desire .
‘ ah — the producer 's calling it mondo [want] .

‘ Mondo Desire !
‘ mondo [want] !

Mondo Desire !
mondo [want] !

Uncle Harry was going to cast her as the hitchhiker in Mondo Desire .
uncle harry was going to cast her as the hitchhiker in mondo [want] .

‘ What he did not do , rather ! All that holds him back from doing it himself is the desire for an heir to the clan — an heir of his own blood ! ’
‘ what he did not do , rather ! all that holds him back from doing it himself is the [want] for an heir to the clan — an heir of his own blood ! ’

But there is a widespread , though of course not universal , feeling that some of the restrictions on civil and political rights have been largely due to government 's desire to avoid criticism and political embarrassment and to suppress dissent .
but there is a widespread , though of course not universal , feeling that some of the restrictions on civil and political rights have been largely due to government 's [want] to avoid criticism and political embarrassment and to suppress dissent .

Much of the anxiety among Members , particularly the opponents of televising , arose from fears that the broadcasters would not preserve a proper balance in their selection of matter to be covered and that they would , in their desire to present newsworthy stories , distort the public presentation of the House .
much of the anxiety among members , particularly the opponents of televising , arose from fears that the broadcasters would not preserve a proper balance in their selection of matter to be covered and that they would , in their [want] to present newsworthy stories , distort the public presentation of the house .

In general , this indicates a desire by Members to show more of how the House works , with less attention to issues of wider public or political interest .
in general , this indicates a [want] by members to show more of how the house works , with less attention to issues of wider public or political interest .

For the Liberal Democrats , Sir David Steel , former leader and party spokesman on foreign affairs , said that , while the mood for change was strong , there was no wish for separatism and no desire to walk away from the Union .
for the liberal democrats , sir david steel , former leader and party spokesman on foreign affairs , said that , while the mood for change was strong , there was no wish for separatism and no [want] to walk away from the union .

The clientele , aged between 17 and 60 , are mainly professional women with one thing in common : a desire to rediscover their femininity .
the clientele , aged between 17 and 60 , are mainly professional women with one thing in common : a [want] to rediscover their femininity .

She had offered him ‘ love , companionship and support ’ at a time when he had ‘ suffered severe depression and other emotional problems and indicated his desire to quit professional golf ’ , she said .
she had offered him ‘ love , companionship and support ’ at a time when he had ‘ suffered severe depression and other emotional problems and indicated his [want] to quit professional golf ’ , she said .

They genuinely tried to become , to use a horrid word , acculturated with the white invaders , even if they had no desire to be assimilated .
they genuinely tried to become , to use a horrid word , acculturated with the white invaders , even if they had no [want] to be assimilated .

Added to that was the desire to eradicate all vehicles with asbestos insulation by 1988 , a target not in fact achieved .
added to that was the [want] to eradicate all vehicles with asbestos insulation by 1988 , a target not in fact achieved .

The idea grew out of their weekly meetings and from the desire to inform younger West Indians about their heritage .
the idea grew out of their weekly meetings and from the [want] to inform younger west indians about their heritage .

The latest development is a drug called clomipramine which has the endearing quality of reducing the desire to pull your hair out when under stress .
the latest development is a drug called clomipramine which has the endearing quality of reducing the [want] to pull your hair out when under stress .

Sadly , due to refurbishment and a desire to create more shopping space , the kennels have been closed .
sadly , due to refurbishment and a [want] to create more shopping space , the kennels have been closed .

Abides its object and consumes desire
abides its object and consumes [want]

And not only the Xaritès ( or Charitès , the Greek Graces ) bend some solicitude over the unnamed revolutionary comrade , so does the poet — for indeed in 1930 Pound 's desire for an authoritarian leader in politics was as ready to fix on Lenin as on Mussolini .
and not only the xaritès ( or charitès , the greek graces ) bend some solicitude over the unnamed revolutionary comrade , so does the poet — for indeed in 1930 pound 's [want] for an authoritarian leader in politics was as ready to fix on lenin as on mussolini .

This is not only the temperament of the teacher : it represents also , with Pound , a passionate desire , not merely to write well himself , but to live in a period in which he could be surrounded by equally intelligent and creative minds .
this is not only the temperament of the teacher : it represents also , with pound , a passionate [want] , not merely to write well himself , but to live in a period in which he could be surrounded by equally intelligent and creative minds .

But if the desire for democracy and passports reflected pockets of anxiety , 1984 to 1989 were remarkable more for their lack of political activism .
but if the [want] for democracy and passports reflected pockets of anxiety , 1984 to 1989 were remarkable more for their lack of political activism .

Asked if the Russians had provided the Afghans with the latest MiG-29s , he said : ‘ Anything we desire will be given to us but we do not want to escalate the war .
asked if the russians had provided the afghans with the latest mig-29s , he said : ‘ anything we [want] will be given to us but we do not want to escalate the war .

Most classical choreographers still use this device when working with nineteenth-century ballet music , which was often written to order by a composer understanding the choreographer 's desire to show off a dancer .
most classical choreographers still use this device when working with nineteenth-century ballet music , which was often written to order by a composer understanding the choreographer 's [want] to show off a dancer .

Everything focuses on the fact that he is always struggling with his desire for love and power as well as for an end to all his problems .
everything focuses on the fact that he is always struggling with his [want] for love and power as well as for an end to all his problems .

Cooney always seemed a reluctant fighter , a man more pushed into the business by parental desire and promoters who saw the advantage of his size — 6ft 7in — rather than his personal predicament .
cooney always seemed a reluctant fighter , a man more pushed into the business by parental [want] and promoters who saw the advantage of his size — 6ft 7in — rather than his personal predicament .

Cooney always seemed a reluctant fighter , a man more pushed into the business by parental desire and promoters who saw the advantage of his size — 6ft 7in — rather than his personal predicament .
cooney always seemed a reluctant fighter , a man more pushed into the business by parental [want] and promoters who saw the advantage of his size — 6ft 7in — rather than his personal predicament .

The Syrian Information Minister , Mr Mohammed Salman , said : ‘ The only reason Syria has so far discounted the military option to end Gen Aoun 's rebellion is its desire to avert huge losses among civilians in the eastern sector of Beirut .
the syrian information minister , mr mohammed salman , said : ‘ the only reason syria has so far discounted the military option to end gen aoun 's rebellion is its [want] to avert huge losses among civilians in the eastern sector of beirut .

Mr Beregovoy said that the French government 's decision showed ‘ our desire to accelerate economic and monetary union ’ .
mr beregovoy said that the french government 's decision showed ‘ our [want] to accelerate economic and monetary union ’ .

One of the most significant recent developments is the emergence of Muslim youth groups , united by their desire to see Islam enjoy the same protection as Christianity .
one of the most significant recent developments is the emergence of muslim youth groups , united by their [want] to see islam enjoy the same protection as christianity .

Banned video ‘ imagines desire in St Theresa 's subconscious ’ .
banned video ‘ imagines [want] in st theresa 's subconscious ’ .

It points to the 540 ‘ expressions of interest ’ in the recently awarded incremental contracts as evidence of the desire for change .
it points to the 540 ‘ expressions of interest ’ in the recently awarded incremental contracts as evidence of the [want] for change .

The pair 's desire for recognition even extended to having the family name carved in the paving slabs of the piazza outside the palazzo and one or two of these can still be seen .
the pair 's [want] for recognition even extended to having the family name carved in the paving slabs of the piazza outside the palazzo and one or two of these can still be seen .

‘ The fact that he ( Dr Vaughan ) considers such disclosure of information unethical without the consent of the patient is surely irrelevant when the patient is a newborn baby who can not protest for himself his desire to live .
‘ the fact that he ( dr vaughan ) considers such disclosure of information unethical without the consent of the patient is surely irrelevant when the patient is a newborn baby who can not protest for himself his [want] to live .

The desire to disprove a false idea is as valid a basis for a piece of research as the desire to establish the truth of a new set of ideas .
the [want] to disprove a false idea is as valid a basis for a piece of research as the [want] to establish the truth of a new set of ideas .

They want food , and the only way they can express their desire for it is to cry .
they want food , and the only way they can express their [want] for it is to cry .

But the moment a baby cries for food he is frustrated in his desire .
but the moment a baby cries for food he is frustrated in his [want] .

He can not understand that he is waiting only a matter of moments before his desire will be satisfied .
he can not understand that he is waiting only a matter of moments before his [want] will be satisfied .

‘ We have trained the nurse caring for this infant to recognize the first signs of desire for food .
‘ we have trained the nurse caring for this infant to recognize the first signs of [want] for food .

There were of , course , side effects especially with the poisonous remedies such as Arsenicum , and the desire to eliminate these toxic effects led him to develop , in 1815 , the method of trituration and subsequent liquid dilution and succussion , we know as the centesimal potencies .
there were of , course , side effects especially with the poisonous remedies such as arsenicum , and the [want] to eliminate these toxic effects led him to develop , in 1815 , the method of trituration and subsequent liquid dilution and succussion , we know as the centesimal potencies .

It seems that the evolution of his remedy preparation was fuelled by the desire to create , not only , a highly dynamised remedy but also to give it in the smallest dose ( quantity ) possible to effect a curative response .
it seems that the evolution of his remedy preparation was fuelled by the [want] to create , not only , a highly dynamised remedy but also to give it in the smallest dose ( quantity ) possible to effect a curative response .

By April 1954 Gouzenko had become a ‘ problem child partly because of his insatiable desire far publicity and remuneration from papers and partly because he has been ready to exploit present hysteria among the new administration in the United States ’ .
by april 1954 gouzenko had become a ‘ problem child partly because of his insatiable [want] far publicity and remuneration from papers and partly because he has been ready to exploit present hysteria among the new administration in the united states ’ .

It was acceptable for Alexander Pope to describe female desire in ‘ Eloisa to Abelard ’ , but no woman might approach the subject without considerable danger to her reputation .
it was acceptable for alexander pope to describe female [want] in ‘ eloisa to abelard ’ , but no woman might approach the subject without considerable danger to her reputation .

Of the plebeian female poets of the period , Mary Leapor possesses the most writerly oeuvre . Hers is also the body of work most easily assimilable to what we commonly describe today as ‘ radical feminism , ’ with its polemics against patriarchy , male violence , and heterosexist containments of economies of desire
of the plebeian female poets of the period , mary leapor possesses the most writerly oeuvre . hers is also the body of work most easily assimilable to what we commonly describe today as ‘ radical feminism , ’ with its polemics against patriarchy , male violence , and heterosexist containments of economies of [want]

The two soldiers leading the rebel armies , Odoff and Dusterandus , are motivated partly by a desire to take Edwy 's wife , Elgiva , and her sister , Emmel , as spoils :
the two soldiers leading the rebel armies , odoff and dusterandus , are motivated partly by a [want] to take edwy 's wife , elgiva , and her sister , emmel , as spoils :

Enlarg 'd , exalted , soften 'd , and refin 'd Trivial behaviour in women ultimately reveals the folly of men 's minds : women have become what men desire .
enlarg 'd , exalted , soften 'd , and refin 'd trivial behaviour in women ultimately reveals the folly of men 's minds : women have become what men [want] .

… Sappho 's name also functions in this period as a sign of transgressive female desire . If we read ‘ An Hymn to the Morning ’ in the light of Mira 's yearning to match Sappho in poetical sweetness , her technical rivalry with the Lesbian muse … and , more contentiously , her rivalry with Sappho as a wooer of women , her technical rivalry with the lesbian lover … the eroticism of Leapor 's textuality becomes distinctly noticeable , though it remains safely mediated by conventional landscape cathexis
… sappho 's name also functions in this period as a sign of transgressive female [want] . if we read ‘ an hymn to the morning ’ in the light of mira 's yearning to match sappho in poetical sweetness , her technical rivalry with the lesbian muse … and , more contentiously , her rivalry with sappho as a wooer of women , her technical rivalry with the lesbian lover … the eroticism of leapor 's textuality becomes distinctly noticeable , though it remains safely mediated by conventional landscape cathexis

Landry provides little evidence that the name Sappho actually had the connotation of ‘ transgressive female desire ’ .
landry provides little evidence that the name sappho actually had the connotation of ‘ transgressive female [want] ’ .

Deck the brown Board ; who can desire more ?
deck the brown board ; who can [want] more ?

On 7 July Amedeo wrote a card to his mother telling her , somewhat cruelly , that as Italy was now in the war , he had thought that he might be called back for military service , even though he was an invalid and had felt a slight desire to return to Italy .
on 7 july amedeo wrote a card to his mother telling her , somewhat cruelly , that as italy was now in the war , he had thought that he might be called back for military service , even though he was an invalid and had felt a slight [want] to return to italy .

Modi 's reserve might have sprung from a desire to shield Jeanne from gossip , and perhaps a feeling of shame in front of a married man , at his own role in the affair .
modi 's reserve might have sprung from a [want] to shield jeanne from gossip , and perhaps a feeling of shame in front of a married man , at his own role in the affair .

The press of carriages represented an increasing desire of those with money to display it rather than hoard it , determined to keep pace with the fashion : ‘ The dreary bourgeois of Balzac have become vain .
the press of carriages represented an increasing [want] of those with money to display it rather than hoard it , determined to keep pace with the fashion : ‘ the dreary bourgeois of balzac have become vain .

Motivated by a desire for a better life , rural populations have migrated to urban areas and the resulting expansion of cities has meant problems of shelter and employment .
motivated by a [want] for a better life , rural populations have migrated to urban areas and the resulting expansion of cities has meant problems of shelter and employment .

This new bourgeoisie is innovative technologically ; internationalist , since its members partake of universalistic norms of technocracy and the managerial ideology ; and it promotes development , through a desire to compete with transnational companies .
this new bourgeoisie is innovative technologically ; internationalist , since its members partake of universalistic norms of technocracy and the managerial ideology ; and it promotes development , through a [want] to compete with transnational companies .

The implication of the term is not only that it is a privileged group but that , as a result , its members will not desire change and so be a conservative force in society .
the implication of the term is not only that it is a privileged group but that , as a result , its members will not [want] change and so be a conservative force in society .

Thirdly , social movements are organised around specific demands such as the need to defend the legality of land-holdings ; the desire to get access to water and electricity ; or the need to protect human rights .
thirdly , social movements are organised around specific demands such as the need to defend the legality of land-holdings ; the [want] to get access to water and electricity ; or the need to protect human rights .

’ So far as Balfour was concerned , Zionism was ‘ of far profounder import than the desire and prejudices of the 700,000 Arabs who now inhabit that ancient land [ of Palestine ] ’ .
’ so far as balfour was concerned , zionism was ‘ of far profounder import than the [want] and prejudices of the 700,000 arabs who now inhabit that ancient land [ of palestine ] ’ .

Their principal characteristics were a declared love of Lebanon , a publicly expressed desire to respect the National Covenant and a ruthless determination to ensure that their power was passed on to their sons .
their principal characteristics were a declared love of lebanon , a publicly expressed [want] to respect the national covenant and a ruthless determination to ensure that their power was passed on to their sons .

The Syrians had no desire to have a revolutionary Palestinian state along their western frontier .
the syrians had no [want] to have a revolutionary palestinian state along their western frontier .

Yes ( she swelled with the certainty of this insight ) , it had been Cambridge , not desire , that had reunited them .
yes ( she swelled with the certainty of this insight ) , it had been cambridge , not [want] , that had reunited them .

She was glad of Everthorpe 's guidance , though she disliked his manners and resented his evident desire to stage-manage her arrival at Pringle 's .
she was glad of everthorpe 's guidance , though she disliked his manners and resented his evident [want] to stage-manage her arrival at pringle 's .

If it is thought to be preferable , this is for reasons having nothing to do with neutrality , such as a desire to bring the war to a speedy end or not to allow people to profit from wars .
if it is thought to be preferable , this is for reasons having nothing to do with neutrality , such as a [want] to bring the war to a speedy end or not to allow people to profit from wars .

Its roots were firmly tethered in the arms race generated by the desire to win the last World War .
its roots were firmly tethered in the arms race generated by the [want] to win the last world war .

There were no grounds for redrawing borders ; ‘ The Germans of Switzerland and Alsace do not desire to be reunited to Germany any more than the French in Belgium and Switzerland wish to become attached politically to France ’ .
there were no grounds for redrawing borders ; ‘ the germans of switzerland and alsace do not [want] to be reunited to germany any more than the french in belgium and switzerland wish to become attached politically to france ’ .

Do you have a desire to learn ?
do you have a [want] to learn ?

Do you have a desire to learn ? Vanessa Britton suggests some courses to improve your technical knowledge .
do you have a [want] to learn ? vanessa britton suggests some courses to improve your technical knowledge .

No formal qualifications are required for enrolment and young or old are all potential candidates ; all that is needed is a desire to learn .
no formal qualifications are required for enrolment and young or old are all potential candidates ; all that is needed is a [want] to learn .

Open learning — all you need is pen and paper and a desire to learn .
open learning — all you need is pen and paper and a [want] to learn .

My overriding desire at this point was not to do any more paddling .
my overriding [want] at this point was not to do any more paddling .

Walkers who have no desire to locate the potholes of Newby Moss and refuse to be deflected from their intention to reach the top of Ingleborough can best achieve their objective by continuing upwards , guided by Grey Wife Sike across the rough and rising terrain of Ingleborough Common .
walkers who have no [want] to locate the potholes of newby moss and refuse to be deflected from their intention to reach the top of ingleborough can best achieve their objective by continuing upwards , guided by grey wife sike across the rough and rising terrain of ingleborough common .

The desire to persist in interrogation is a valid reason for keeping a suspect in custody for thirty-six hours and indeed beyond .
the [want] to persist in interrogation is a valid reason for keeping a suspect in custody for thirty-six hours and indeed beyond .

The criteria are the same as before , so the desire to pursue still further the questioning of the suspect may be enough to justify the court 's sanction for this additional detention .
the criteria are the same as before , so the [want] to pursue still further the questioning of the suspect may be enough to justify the court 's sanction for this additional detention .

Regrettably we have come to the conclusion that whoever made the decision to refuse Mr Warner access at 4.45 pm was very probably motivated by a desire to have one last chance of interviewing the appellant in the absence of a solicitor .
regrettably we have come to the conclusion that whoever made the decision to refuse mr warner access at 4.45 pm was very probably motivated by a [want] to have one last chance of interviewing the appellant in the absence of a solicitor .

On the facts before them , and contrary to what the defendants actually maintained , their purpose did not include the desire to protect property as required by the section .
on the facts before them , and contrary to what the defendants actually maintained , their purpose did not include the [want] to protect property as required by the section .

That did not suit Bonaparte 's desire for order and was inconvenient to his need for conscripting recruits to his army .
that did not suit bonaparte 's [want] for order and was inconvenient to his need for conscripting recruits to his army .

David Poole , who came into ballet in Cape Town a few months before John Cranko in 1944 , described his beginnings : how he saw his first ballet performance on a Saturday night at City Hall , spoke to friends there of his desire to dance , and on the Sunday was told by them that they had arranged with Dulcie Howes for him to attend classes at the University Ballet School .
david poole , who came into ballet in cape town a few months before john cranko in 1944 , described his beginnings : how he saw his first ballet performance on a saturday night at city hall , spoke to friends there of his [want] to dance , and on the sunday was told by them that they had arranged with dulcie howes for him to attend classes at the university ballet school .

He had a desire for strong and lasting friendship , but he judged his friends severely , expecting them to be as eager as he was to know , see and feel everything .
he had a [want] for strong and lasting friendship , but he judged his friends severely , expecting them to be as eager as he was to know , see and feel everything .

Thus the desire that no one should fail became , among some educationalists , a means of totally cutting some children off from any possible means of succeeding , in the normal sense of the word .
thus the [want] that no one should fail became , among some educationalists , a means of totally cutting some children off from any possible means of succeeding , in the normal sense of the word .

This is not an argument based on a desire for equality or even for justice .
this is not an argument based on a [want] for equality or even for justice .

The only passion involved in this operation was an overmastering desire to see her nailed down in a brown box .
the only passion involved in this operation was an overmastering [want] to see her nailed down in a brown box .

The Almoravid chieftain 's desire was to reconquer Toledo .
the almoravid chieftain 's [want] was to reconquer toledo .

For a moment he was swept by a desire to empty his pockets before her , give her everything of value that he was carrying with him .
for a moment he was swept by a [want] to empty his pockets before her , give her everything of value that he was carrying with him .

The desire to pass as a member of the preferred sex has been in part satisfied by surgery .
the [want] to pass as a member of the preferred sex has been in part satisfied by surgery .

In other words , two forces operate to raise the problems to be discussed : first , the natural desire to avoid awkward , embarrassing , or unmanageable social situations , situations which challenge the perception of the new role ; and second , the almost perverse and in a way contradictory claim to be accepted totally and without reservation .
in other words , two forces operate to raise the problems to be discussed : first , the natural [want] to avoid awkward , embarrassing , or unmanageable social situations , situations which challenge the perception of the new role ; and second , the almost perverse and in a way contradictory claim to be accepted totally and without reservation .

For other types of relationship do exist in which the parties may desire the system of rights and duties which flow from the legal concept of marriage , while — and this is a critical point — the common law is singularly lacking in alternative forms of institutionalized and legitimate union .
for other types of relationship do exist in which the parties may [want] the system of rights and duties which flow from the legal concept of marriage , while — and this is a critical point — the common law is singularly lacking in alternative forms of institutionalized and legitimate union .

The fact that this revelation would doubtless be made in a context of privacy and confidentiality so as to insulate him as far as possible from the prying eyes of scandalmongers may not reduce his desire to put actual and legal distance between himself and his spouse .
the fact that this revelation would doubtless be made in a context of privacy and confidentiality so as to insulate him as far as possible from the prying eyes of scandalmongers may not reduce his [want] to put actual and legal distance between himself and his spouse .

Indeed , the desire to succeed in the adopted sex role may make the transsexual a model parent .
indeed , the [want] to succeed in the adopted sex role may make the transsexual a model parent .

And obviously some compromise must be struck as , for example , in the case of transport , where undoubtedly the need and desire for mobility and the distances involved in travel have to be set against the knowledge that roads pollute and fast cars kill .
and obviously some compromise must be struck as , for example , in the case of transport , where undoubtedly the need and [want] for mobility and the distances involved in travel have to be set against the knowledge that roads pollute and fast cars kill .

Rather , it is conceded that they doubtless act out of a well-meaning desire to treat .
rather , it is conceded that they doubtless act out of a well-meaning [want] to treat .

It may also , however , particularly in the situation under discussion , be another factor obstructing the doctor even if he were to desire to give effect to a patient 's wishes .
it may also , however , particularly in the situation under discussion , be another factor obstructing the doctor even if he were to [want] to give effect to a patient 's wishes .

’ Further , ‘ there exists considerable uncertainty in the medical and legal professions as to the legality of terminating the use or application of life-sustaining procedures where the patient has voluntarily and in sound mind evidenced a desire that such procedures be withheld or withdrawn .
’ further , ‘ there exists considerable uncertainty in the medical and legal professions as to the legality of terminating the use or application of life-sustaining procedures where the patient has voluntarily and in sound mind evidenced a [want] that such procedures be withheld or withdrawn .

Will this affect your desire ( or lack of it ) for gardening ?
will this affect your [want] ( or lack of it ) for gardening ?

But which of us , locked behind a desk or in a queue at the supermarket check-out , has not had an overwhelming desire to drop everything , run into the street , hail a passing cab and make for the nearest airport to catch a plane to anywhere ?
but which of us , locked behind a desk or in a queue at the supermarket check-out , has not had an overwhelming [want] to drop everything , run into the street , hail a passing cab and make for the nearest airport to catch a plane to anywhere ?

Trampolining in Outer Mongolia may not be your heart 's desire , but there are plenty of others to choose from .
trampolining in outer mongolia may not be your heart 's [want] , but there are plenty of others to choose from .

The need for punctuality was not due to any desire for ‘ saving time ’ but because the strict regulation of time was needed to help maintain the discipline of monastic life .
the need for punctuality was not due to any [want] for ‘ saving time ’ but because the strict regulation of time was needed to help maintain the discipline of monastic life .

The first mechanical clocks were large and unwieldy , and there was soon a desire for smaller and more portable mechanisms .
the first mechanical clocks were large and unwieldy , and there was soon a [want] for smaller and more portable mechanisms .

Both the assertion of central authority and the fragmentation of local social structures and economics are integral to the overall desire to use power to restructure social arrangements in such a way that certain interests are favoured over others , to reward supporters , and to maintain these arrangements by using social institutions to entrench an alternative set of ideas , those of the ‘ enterprise culture ’ .
both the assertion of central authority and the fragmentation of local social structures and economics are integral to the overall [want] to use power to restructure social arrangements in such a way that certain interests are favoured over others , to reward supporters , and to maintain these arrangements by using social institutions to entrench an alternative set of ideas , those of the ‘ enterprise culture ’ .

Behind all of this lies the sportsman 's desire to avoid entering the world of common man , a world in which he clocks in and out and collects his wage packet , a world that seems grey , though he has never known it , a world in which he is not stretched , a world that does not bring such pain or pleasure .
behind all of this lies the sportsman 's [want] to avoid entering the world of common man , a world in which he clocks in and out and collects his wage packet , a world that seems grey , though he has never known it , a world in which he is not stretched , a world that does not bring such pain or pleasure .

Thus you shall never hear of Michael Heseltine 's desire to drive a blood-red Grand Prix car , scattering Mansells and Sennas before him with the sublime panache of Mr Toad .
thus you shall never hear of michael heseltine 's [want] to drive a blood-red grand prix car , scattering mansells and sennas before him with the sublime panache of mr toad .

write to your local supermarket expressing your desire to buy local unadulterated food
write to your local supermarket expressing your [want] to buy local unadulterated food

Meanwhile , Riddler has to fight off the attentions of Seemore , a vagrant who has been driven mad with desire for her body .
meanwhile , riddler has to fight off the attentions of seemore , a vagrant who has been driven mad with [want] for her body .

Do not shake hands in a grasping manner with the palm inclining downwards as this also shows a desire to dominate .
do not shake hands in a grasping manner with the palm inclining downwards as this also shows a [want] to dominate .

These include pounding head , dry mouth , stiff face muscles , sweaty palms , tension in the neck and shoulders , a desire to go to the lavatory and the feeling that sitting calmly is a great strain and you would rather be pacing up and down the room .
these include pounding head , dry mouth , stiff face muscles , sweaty palms , tension in the neck and shoulders , a [want] to go to the lavatory and the feeling that sitting calmly is a great strain and you would rather be pacing up and down the room .

The desire to love and be physically close may be repressed if it is seen to pose a threat .
the [want] to love and be physically close may be repressed if it is seen to pose a threat .

This statement has been echoed through the ages — by Plato : ‘ Love is the desire and pursuit of the whole ’ ; by Coleridge : ‘ Love is a desire of the whole being to be united to some thing , some being , felt necessary for its completeness ’ ; and by the man in the street ; ‘ My other half ’ , or even ‘ My better half ’ ; or in Erickson 's terms : ‘ the ‘ me in you ’ ’ .
this statement has been echoed through the ages — by plato : ‘ love is the [want] and pursuit of the whole ’ ; by coleridge : ‘ love is a [want] of the whole being to be united to some thing , some being , felt necessary for its completeness ’ ; and by the man in the street ; ‘ my other half ’ , or even ‘ my better half ’ ; or in erickson 's terms : ‘ the ‘ me in you ’ ’ .

In Joan Halton 's attempt to be more whole , she needed to know more about her desire to come first , at least for part of the time , rather than always maintaining the veneer of premature maturity she had felt forced into adopting as a child .
in joan halton 's attempt to be more whole , she needed to know more about her [want] to come first , at least for part of the time , rather than always maintaining the veneer of premature maturity she had felt forced into adopting as a child .

People who can never dare to move close because of the inevitable withdrawal afterwards may experience little sexual desire .
people who can never dare to move close because of the inevitable withdrawal afterwards may experience little sexual [want] .

At an unconscious level , distaste , lack of desire or avoidance of bodily intimacy may be used as a defence against the experience of ultimate aloneness which can follow the fusion of intercourse .
at an unconscious level , distaste , lack of [want] or avoidance of bodily intimacy may be used as a defence against the experience of ultimate aloneness which can follow the fusion of intercourse .

Repression is one of the most influential enemies of sexual desire .
repression is one of the most influential enemies of sexual [want] .

Strong repression of one emotion often succeeds inadvertently in suppressing the desire as well .
strong repression of one emotion often succeeds inadvertently in suppressing the [want] as well .

When , for example , a previously repressed anger comes back into consciousness and it becomes safer for a person to acknowledge his hostility , desire is also freed .
when , for example , a previously repressed anger comes back into consciousness and it becomes safer for a person to acknowledge his hostility , [want] is also freed .

Unlike Jack Kettlewell , his sexual desire increased when he was out of work and his wife had difficulty in keeping up with his need .
unlike jack kettlewell , his sexual [want] increased when he was out of work and his wife had difficulty in keeping up with his need .

It is not uncommon for a couple who have had the sadness of producing a heavily disabled or diseased baby to find that they later lose their desire for intercourse .
it is not uncommon for a couple who have had the sadness of producing a heavily disabled or diseased baby to find that they later lose their [want] for intercourse .

It was largely the desire to create a diversion away from Flanders for Marlborough and his triumphant armies that led to new plans for a Jacobite invasion of the British Isles .
it was largely the [want] to create a diversion away from flanders for marlborough and his triumphant armies that led to new plans for a jacobite invasion of the british isles .

‘ What may not be expected , ’ wrote the enthusiastic deputy-lieutenant previously quoted , to the Duke of Newcastle , ‘ now that the spirit is lighted up , and the hearts of the country people inflamed with a desire to defend their country and particularly against the French ?
‘ what may not be expected , ’ wrote the enthusiastic deputy-lieutenant previously quoted , to the duke of newcastle , ‘ now that the spirit is lighted up , and the hearts of the country people inflamed with a [want] to defend their country and particularly against the french ?

Defeat in Canada merely sharpened France 's desire for revenge in Europe and as October gave way to November conditions in the Channel and Bay of Biscay worsened , making it ever harder for the British squadrons to hold their stations .
defeat in canada merely sharpened france 's [want] for revenge in europe and as october gave way to november conditions in the channel and bay of biscay worsened , making it ever harder for the british squadrons to hold their stations .

Some structures merely seem to satisfy an urge to build but not any desire to simulate an existing object or building .
some structures merely seem to satisfy an urge to build but not any [want] to simulate an existing object or building .

‘ Staff members interested in attending courses apply first to chief librarian , then proceed to personnel department ’ … ‘ By a desire by staff themselves to attend courses that interest them , enthusiasm is the best form of staff training ’ .
‘ staff members interested in attending courses apply first to chief librarian , then proceed to personnel department ’ … ‘ by a [want] by staff themselves to attend courses that interest them , enthusiasm is the best form of staff training ’ .

Still others go through the motions but without any real desire to improve the relationship .
still others go through the motions but without any real [want] to improve the relationship .

Speaking from a psychological perspective , we understand why this wedge seems to throw the door of desire wider open with every new pleasure .
speaking from a psychological perspective , we understand why this wedge seems to throw the door of [want] wider open with every new pleasure .

We may have some desire to be appreciated for our physical appearance , but most of us would hope to be desired for what we are down inside .
we may have some [want] to be appreciated for our physical appearance , but most of us would hope to be desired for what we are down inside .

They do not have to desire it , apply for it , or be qualified for it .
they do not have to [want] it , apply for it , or be qualified for it .

Resentment will colour our attitude towards our partner and will show itself in a lack of respect and lack of desire to make love .
resentment will colour our attitude towards our partner and will show itself in a lack of respect and lack of [want] to make love .

The answer is , the desire to please oneself is always expanded rather than fulfilled , which means it quickly loses appreciation of the normal and seeks the exotic .
the answer is , the [want] to please oneself is always expanded rather than fulfilled , which means it quickly loses appreciation of the normal and seeks the exotic .

One last consideration — many couples have experienced total loss of desire and even a repugnance towards sex with no apparent reason .
one last consideration — many couples have experienced total loss of [want] and even a repugnance towards sex with no apparent reason .

Does the Bible consider sexual desire to be normal ?
does the bible consider sexual [want] to be normal ?

At the same time the desire to catch up with more advanced industrial neighbours in Western Europe , to found an overseas empire and to break into the lucrative Atlantic Trade system had led Germany into conflict with the British and French .
at the same time the [want] to catch up with more advanced industrial neighbours in western europe , to found an overseas empire and to break into the lucrative atlantic trade system had led germany into conflict with the british and french .

And yet : how full of life everything was , as it was full of fervour and fierce desire , and therefore — how genuine and true it all was !
and yet : how full of life everything was , as it was full of fervour and fierce [want] , and therefore — how genuine and true it all was !

And beautiful : played over by the cheerful light of young and strong vigour , entirely desire of the senses and entirely pleasure in one another .
and beautiful : played over by the cheerful light of young and strong vigour , entirely [want] of the senses and entirely pleasure in one another .

His desire was extraordinarily intense .
his [want] was extraordinarily intense .

is your endless desire
is your endless [want]

And then it hit me , an overwhelming desire to find the most eccentric performer ever to entertain the youth of Britain — Rick Jones , the long-haired , bearded hero of Fingerbobs .
and then it hit me , an overwhelming [want] to find the most eccentric performer ever to entertain the youth of britain — rick jones , the long-haired , bearded hero of fingerbobs .

In some cases it is possible for a district to be equated with a large town , but in other cases a desire for districts to be larger has produced curious and often locally resented combinations .
in some cases it is possible for a district to be equated with a large town , but in other cases a [want] for districts to be larger has produced curious and often locally resented combinations .

Sadly this latter process , desirable as it might be to stem the antics of a few irresponsible councils , has spilled over into Local Government generally with the unfortunate effect that many responsible authorities have been greatly frustrated in their legitimate desire to provide adequate services in their area .
sadly this latter process , desirable as it might be to stem the antics of a few irresponsible councils , has spilled over into local government generally with the unfortunate effect that many responsible authorities have been greatly frustrated in their legitimate [want] to provide adequate services in their area .

For it is the will of our courteous Lord that we should be as much at home with him as heart may think or soul desire .
for it is the will of our courteous lord that we should be as much at home with him as heart may think or soul [want] .

The Alton office , based in Paper Mill Lane , have seen a marked increase over the past six months in the number of adults looking to change careers , either as a result of job loss , reduction in promotion prospects , or a desire to retrain in a different field .
the alton office , based in paper mill lane , have seen a marked increase over the past six months in the number of adults looking to change careers , either as a result of job loss , reduction in promotion prospects , or a [want] to retrain in a different field .

That experience , providing free advice to the borough , started a desire to apply his knowledge to promoting the conservation of the environment generally , not just for a relative few previous buildings .
that experience , providing free advice to the borough , started a [want] to apply his knowledge to promoting the conservation of the environment generally , not just for a relative few previous buildings .

We believe on reflection that our supporters will recognize that our action has been actuated by the one desire to maintain first class soccer in Northants .
we believe on reflection that our supporters will recognize that our action has been actuated by the one [want] to maintain first class soccer in northants .

In his favour was Jackson 's own desire to play for Huddersfield , but Everton and Liverpool were ready with offers .
in his favour was jackson 's own [want] to play for huddersfield , but everton and liverpool were ready with offers .

The second common motivation is the desire to increase the use of the stock — either by improving its appearance , so as to attract more users to the library , and/or by providing easier access to elements of the stock which are worthwhile , by removing the dead wood .
the second common motivation is the [want] to increase the use of the stock — either by improving its appearance , so as to attract more users to the library , and/or by providing easier access to elements of the stock which are worthwhile , by removing the dead wood .

The genuine desire to help those with real needs can make the advice worker angry if a client appears to wish to take advantage of the system or only to insist on their rights and not to face their responsibilities .
the genuine [want] to help those with real needs can make the advice worker angry if a client appears to wish to take advantage of the system or only to insist on their rights and not to face their responsibilities .

‘ Man 's fundamental desire , ’ wrote Jean Paul Sartre , ‘ is to be God .
‘ man 's fundamental [want] , ’ wrote jean paul sartre , ‘ is to be god .

This might include a desire to see wild flowers and animals in a natural setting , possibly to see sheep and cattle grazing in fields , to have access to woodlands , country walks , to be able to climb hills and even mountains and to go down pot-holes .
this might include a [want] to see wild flowers and animals in a natural setting , possibly to see sheep and cattle grazing in fields , to have access to woodlands , country walks , to be able to climb hills and even mountains and to go down pot-holes .

If the reason for dismissal is your employer 's desire to run the business cost-effectively and not because of any reduction in the number of employees needed to carry out your particular functions , you will not be redundant .
if the reason for dismissal is your employer 's [want] to run the business cost-effectively and not because of any reduction in the number of employees needed to carry out your particular functions , you will not be redundant .

There seems a note of valediction in the loving intensity of his description , a desire to record for one last time the scenes which , for more than a year , had so filled his mind and shaped his thoughts :
there seems a note of valediction in the loving intensity of his description , a [want] to record for one last time the scenes which , for more than a year , had so filled his mind and shaped his thoughts :

The need for an ‘ official name ’ for indexes and dictionaries contrasts with the desire of others for a set of rules for different names leaving the choice between them to the user .
the need for an ‘ official name ’ for indexes and dictionaries contrasts with the [want] of others for a set of rules for different names leaving the choice between them to the user .

The interaction of the enquiring and critical minds of students and staff , the pursuit of ideas and the desire to move forward the boundaries of knowledge are the hallmarks of higher education .
the interaction of the enquiring and critical minds of students and staff , the pursuit of ideas and the [want] to move forward the boundaries of knowledge are the hallmarks of higher education .

There was a readiness to accept new technology and a general desire for improvements .
there was a readiness to accept new technology and a general [want] for improvements .

These individuals can then form the basis of a directorate with a positive desire and will to co-ordinate since it will clearly be seen as a way of enhancing their effectiveness .
these individuals can then form the basis of a directorate with a positive [want] and will to co-ordinate since it will clearly be seen as a way of enhancing their effectiveness .

‘ You did n't express any desire to learn German ? ’
‘ you did n't express any [want] to learn german ? ’

Without the will for self-examination and the desire to change ourselves , we can make no progress ; we remain stuck in our types , experiencing only what that type allows and learning nothing new about ourselves or life .
without the will for self-examination and the [want] to change ourselves , we can make no progress ; we remain stuck in our types , experiencing only what that type allows and learning nothing new about ourselves or life .

who can not be beguiled by what the world of desire can offer .
who can not be beguiled by what the world of [want] can offer .

We live , act , move , are temporarily satisfied , enjoy and suffer principally for the satisfaction of desire .
we live , act , move , are temporarily satisfied , enjoy and suffer principally for the satisfaction of [want] .

Desire , it is said , is one of the prime motivating powers of human existence and we believe that to curtail desire would be to leave life without meaning .
[want] , it is said , is one of the prime motivating powers of human existence and we believe that to curtail [want] would be to leave life without meaning .

However , desire is often not only linked with our emotions but also distorted by them .
however , [want] is often not only linked with our emotions but also distorted by them .

Being deprived of the goals , our desire eats us up and leaves us dissatisfied and with a sense of longing .
being deprived of the goals , our [want] eats us up and leaves us dissatisfied and with a sense of longing .

At the root of desire is the longing to take that which we feel we lack .
at the root of [want] is the longing to take that which we feel we lack .

Desire brings in its wake sorrow , unrest and disappointment .
[want] brings in its wake sorrow , unrest and disappointment .

The pursuit of desire brings with it intense excitement and satisfaction when it is reached .
the pursuit of [want] brings with it intense excitement and satisfaction when it is reached .

Yet , when we finally gain the object of our desire , we are baffled by the constant emptiness we still feel .
yet , when we finally gain the object of our [want] , we are baffled by the constant emptiness we still feel .

The irony is that having frittered our energies away in our endeavour to possess the object of our desire , having done all we can , even lied or deceived in order to obtain the object of our desire , we lose interest in that object because , whether consciously or not , we realize that we have not found lasting satisfaction or peace of mind .
the irony is that having frittered our energies away in our endeavour to possess the object of our [want] , having done all we can , even lied or deceived in order to obtain the object of our [want] , we lose interest in that object because , whether consciously or not , we realize that we have not found lasting satisfaction or peace of mind .

We do not understand that we have become the slaves of our desire and have created a net around ourselves , by our thoughts and actions .
we do not understand that we have become the slaves of our [want] and have created a net around ourselves , by our thoughts and actions .

In the end , it should not be our desire but rather the consciously felt will of our true nature , free of emotional entanglement , that remains as the sole initiator of our action .
in the end , it should not be our [want] but rather the consciously felt will of our true nature , free of emotional entanglement , that remains as the sole initiator of our action .

We are under the illusion that motivation ends without desire , but this is not so .
we are under the illusion that motivation ends without [want] , but this is not so .

When we are ruled and guided from within , and not governed by impulse and emotions , we are still fulfilling our desire but are not ruled by it .
when we are ruled and guided from within , and not governed by impulse and emotions , we are still fulfilling our [want] but are not ruled by it .

Our desire can be for physical satisfaction , for wealth , power or the need for recognition , for satisfying the intellect or our heart , or simply for the seeking of pleasure .
our [want] can be for physical satisfaction , for wealth , power or the need for recognition , for satisfying the intellect or our heart , or simply for the seeking of pleasure .

We can even be drawn into the need to fulfil our ideals , put forward our political ambitions , as well as the desire to see our religious beliefs accepted by others .
we can even be drawn into the need to fulfil our ideals , put forward our political ambitions , as well as the [want] to see our religious beliefs accepted by others .

However , when we are prepared to be guided from within , it is no longer emotional desire that drives us , but the purity and clarity of reason , dictated by the ‘ pure will ’ of our hearts .
however , when we are prepared to be guided from within , it is no longer emotional [want] that drives us , but the purity and clarity of reason , dictated by the ‘ pure will ’ of our hearts .

Buddha said that our desire is not in our circumstances , but is within ourselves and our attitude to our circumstances .
buddha said that our [want] is not in our circumstances , but is within ourselves and our attitude to our circumstances .

pride in our accomplishments is constructive and helpful , as long as we do not become stuck in the acclaim or the desire for it .
pride in our accomplishments is constructive and helpful , as long as we do not become stuck in the acclaim or the [want] for it .

It has provoked freemasonry to examine itself and nurtured a desire for a new image .
it has provoked freemasonry to examine itself and nurtured a [want] for a new image .

You might call it dreaming in a vivid , realistic way , though the occultist would like to go further , and claim that it is the ‘ desire body ’ going on an independent solo excursion from the physical .
you might call it dreaming in a vivid , realistic way , though the occultist would like to go further , and claim that it is the ‘ [want] body ’ going on an independent solo excursion from the physical .

The farmer , thwarted in his desire to punish Uncle Fred , then vented his spite on Grandfather and the rest of the family .
the farmer , thwarted in his [want] to punish uncle fred , then vented his spite on grandfather and the rest of the family .

If the weight of the assessment detail were to lead to an understandable desire for simplification , there is another awful danger awaiting the child .
if the weight of the assessment detail were to lead to an understandable [want] for simplification , there is another awful danger awaiting the child .

The author describes himself as ‘ a man of no profession , and following this and every other pursuit through a general and independent love of science , and a desire of substituting its just authority in every part of science to the offensive usurpation of ignorance and imposture ’ .
the author describes himself as ‘ a man of no profession , and following this and every other pursuit through a general and independent love of science , and a [want] of substituting its just authority in every part of science to the offensive usurpation of ignorance and imposture ’ .

‘ The petitioners remark that ‘ the Royal Veterinary College of London is the private property of the subscribers thereto who may continue or close the same at their discretion ; that it is only from their desire to advance the veterinary art that they have allowed their institution to be employed as a College of instruction ; and that thereby the veterinary profession in this country owes even its existence to their establishment ’ .
‘ the petitioners remark that ‘ the royal veterinary college of london is the private property of the subscribers thereto who may continue or close the same at their discretion ; that it is only from their [want] to advance the veterinary art that they have allowed their institution to be employed as a college of instruction ; and that thereby the veterinary profession in this country owes even its existence to their establishment ’ .

It is still present in the uncertainty in the second sector about ‘ traditional values ’ in education and the desire within some parents — and some teachers — for schooling that is essentially instructional and didactic .
it is still present in the uncertainty in the second sector about ‘ traditional values ’ in education and the [want] within some parents — and some teachers — for schooling that is essentially instructional and didactic .

It can not only focus a desire for action , but is also satisfyingly accurate in its local ‘ fine-tuning ’ .
it can not only focus a [want] for action , but is also satisfyingly accurate in its local ‘ fine-tuning ’ .

The desire to control public spending does not necessitate the detailed and blanket control of local authorities sought by the Conservative government — still less if it is public borrowing that is crucial ( as monetarist doctrine would have it ) .
the [want] to control public spending does not necessitate the detailed and blanket control of local authorities sought by the conservative government — still less if it is public borrowing that is crucial ( as monetarist doctrine would have it ) .

This was partly as a result of inherited policies , but was also because of the council 's desire ‘ to be seen to be doing something ’ to support its traditional political base of the skilled manual working class .
this was partly as a result of inherited policies , but was also because of the council 's [want] ‘ to be seen to be doing something ’ to support its traditional political base of the skilled manual working class .

That which restructures for labour is local , in that it arises from a desire to tackle local problems with locally based solutions to benefit local people .
that which restructures for labour is local , in that it arises from a [want] to tackle local problems with locally based solutions to benefit local people .

Ideally , any decisions about delegated powers would be based on common sense and a desire to ensure that while fulfilling their duties and obligations , governors would never jeopardise the smooth and effective running of the school and the education of its pupils .
ideally , any decisions about delegated powers would be based on common sense and a [want] to ensure that while fulfilling their duties and obligations , governors would never jeopardise the smooth and effective running of the school and the education of its pupils .

This article also sets out an opportunity for management and labour to conclude contractual relations including agreements at Community level , should they so desire .
this article also sets out an opportunity for management and labour to conclude contractual relations including agreements at community level , should they so [want] .

The Commission has repeatedly stated its desire to encourage cross-frontier co-operation and joint ventures , with benefits such as promotion of innovation , speedier transfer of new technology , development of new markets and an increase in the number of businesses competing within the Community .
the commission has repeatedly stated its [want] to encourage cross-frontier co-operation and joint ventures , with benefits such as promotion of innovation , speedier transfer of new technology , development of new markets and an increase in the number of businesses competing within the community .

Knowledge , awareness , and the desire to change are the best motivations you can have .
knowledge , awareness , and the [want] to change are the best motivations you can have .

This is what diata is : a balanced , moderate approach which will provide the long-term benefits that you desire .
this is what diata is : a balanced , moderate approach which will provide the long-term benefits that you [want] .

The additional thermic effect produced by the Walking Diet ( low fat food and aerobic exercise ) will gradually help produce the change in body shape that you desire and bring you back to your target weight .
the additional thermic effect produced by the walking diet ( low fat food and aerobic exercise ) will gradually help produce the change in body shape that you [want] and bring you back to your target weight .

It is at the beginning of an exercise routine , when the desire for results exceeds the ability to cope , that you will suffer from musculo-skeletal injuries .
it is at the beginning of an exercise routine , when the [want] for results exceeds the ability to cope , that you will suffer from musculo-skeletal injuries .

Clearly defined aims and objectives will bring you the results you desire , and remember : if you do n't know where you are going , then how are you going to know when you have got there .
clearly defined aims and objectives will bring you the results you [want] , and remember : if you do n't know where you are going , then how are you going to know when you have got there .

Sarah affected him with such unexpected desire he could n't understand himself .
sarah affected him with such unexpected [want] he could n't understand himself .

She was learning to recognize the effect she had on men , and to her surprise she saw the hint of desire creep into his gaze .
she was learning to recognize the effect she had on men , and to her surprise she saw the hint of [want] creep into his gaze .

Nell Anderson knew she was seconds from death , and that despite her desire for it , the moment it was on her was terrifying in its violence .
nell anderson knew she was seconds from death , and that despite her [want] for it , the moment it was on her was terrifying in its violence .

She had stared at him wide-eyed , unseeing , and any desire that he might have felt had died in that instant .
she had stared at him wide-eyed , unseeing , and any [want] that he might have felt had died in that instant .

Once , feeling herself slipping away dangerously into another land , a land of sweet warmth , desire and sensation , she opened her eyes to see him watching her and , for a moment , Kelly felt uneasy , almost manipulated .
once , feeling herself slipping away dangerously into another land , a land of sweet warmth , [want] and sensation , she opened her eyes to see him watching her and , for a moment , kelly felt uneasy , almost manipulated .

He turned to Kelly , smiled and kissed her softly , and then with renewed desire .
he turned to kelly , smiled and kissed her softly , and then with renewed [want] .

The union can be slow controlled motions , so that voluptuous thrills do not overbalance the desire for soft sensations .
the union can be slow controlled motions , so that voluptuous thrills do not overbalance the [want] for soft sensations .

Although it took her months to get over Cerdan 's death , Edith Piaf 's desire for other men finally conquered her grief and according to her sister , Momone , ‘ she went wild , she ate her heart out , she was jealous and possessive … she howled and she locked guys up ’ .
although it took her months to get over cerdan 's death , edith piaf 's [want] for other men finally conquered her grief and according to her sister , momone , ‘ she went wild , she ate her heart out , she was jealous and possessive … she howled and she locked guys up ’ .

While staying at The Vyne in Hampshire at the end of the last century , Lord Charles Beresford made a spectacular conquest which led to the object of his desire suggesting that they furthered their acquaintance in her room after the rest of the party had retired .
while staying at the vyne in hampshire at the end of the last century , lord charles beresford made a spectacular conquest which led to the object of his [want] suggesting that they furthered their acquaintance in her room after the rest of the party had retired .

The Museum , which was opened in 1961 , was initiated by two Americans who combined a deep appreciation of the American arts with a desire to increase Anglo-American understanding .
the museum , which was opened in 1961 , was initiated by two americans who combined a deep appreciation of the american arts with a [want] to increase anglo-american understanding .

They had indulged them with a capricious dominion , sometimes over the one , sometimes over the other object of desire .
they had indulged them with a capricious dominion , sometimes over the one , sometimes over the other object of [want] .

Lethargy and a desire for food , ‘ the munchies ’ .
lethargy and a [want] for food , ‘ the munchies ’ .

Confronted with his certainty so much stronger than her own , disorientation and alienation defusing lack of desire , she gives in as she has done before .
confronted with his certainty so much stronger than her own , disorientation and alienation defusing lack of [want] , she gives in as she has done before .

All around her men 's eyes are avidly forsaking their embarrassed girlfriends for the fantasy they have paid the go-go dancer to concoct of herself ; the room contains a crowd of men united in desire and fear of possession of women who are separated from each other by bars .
all around her men 's eyes are avidly forsaking their embarrassed girlfriends for the fantasy they have paid the go-go dancer to concoct of herself ; the room contains a crowd of men united in [want] and fear of possession of women who are separated from each other by bars .

Annie had been slotting in and out of the discussion , focusing as much on Sheila as on her desire to make a logical sense out of the argument .
annie had been slotting in and out of the discussion , focusing as much on sheila as on her [want] to make a logical sense out of the argument .

Historically , testing arose out of the desire to break down arbitrary barriers of class , race and nationality ; it was part of the democratisation of society at the turn of the century .
historically , testing arose out of the [want] to break down arbitrary barriers of class , race and nationality ; it was part of the democratisation of society at the turn of the century .

The remaining half of managers reported a desire to introduce robots in the future .
the remaining half of managers reported a [want] to introduce robots in the future .

In effect , the requirement of the last paragraph is a requirement that visitors to museums should be initiated along a path of learning , and should be given enough information ( for example by means of captions , or via supplementary information in , say , the museum guidebook ) to enable them to proceed further , if they so desire , in a reasonably sensible and efficient way .
in effect , the requirement of the last paragraph is a requirement that visitors to museums should be initiated along a path of learning , and should be given enough information ( for example by means of captions , or via supplementary information in , say , the museum guidebook ) to enable them to proceed further , if they so [want] , in a reasonably sensible and efficient way .

Visitors who have no desire to be educated will find that their enjoyment of such exhibitions is unimpaired .
visitors who have no [want] to be educated will find that their enjoyment of such exhibitions is unimpaired .

In that case , one would expect the players to have little trouble in arriving at the result they both desire — mutual disarmament .
in that case , one would expect the players to have little trouble in arriving at the result they both [want] — mutual disarmament .

In your natural desire to extol the virtues , however , your leader ( ’ Moving with the times , ’ 27 January .
in your natural [want] to extol the virtues , however , your leader ( ’ moving with the times , ’ 27 january .

For them , obesity is seen as a reflection of unmet oral needs , assorted sexual hang-ups , or an unconscious desire for recognition which is satisfied by becoming bigger than everyone else .
for them , obesity is seen as a reflection of unmet oral needs , assorted sexual hang-ups , or an unconscious [want] for recognition which is satisfied by becoming bigger than everyone else .

Reimers said : ‘ In university laboratories there has been a growing concern that desire for proprietary know-how or rights may stifle the open communication of scientists , particularly between scientists who have involvement with different companies ’ .
reimers said : ‘ in university laboratories there has been a growing concern that [want] for proprietary know-how or rights may stifle the open communication of scientists , particularly between scientists who have involvement with different companies ’ .

It is difficult to believe that a desire to put on a good show at an exhibition could shape a major research programme .
it is difficult to believe that a [want] to put on a good show at an exhibition could shape a major research programme .

The second part covers ‘ geometrical optical illusions ’ , a term as Wade says with ‘ a rather archaic ring to it , echoing the mid-19th century Teutonic desire for precision ’ .
the second part covers ‘ geometrical optical illusions ’ , a term as wade says with ‘ a rather archaic ring to it , echoing the mid-19th century teutonic [want] for precision ’ .

The cash is due to increase to £325 million in 1983–84 , reflecting the desire of ministers to pour more money into new technologies .
the cash is due to increase to £325 million in 1983–84 , reflecting the [want] of ministers to pour more money into new technologies .

If evidence of this deep desire to believe in the supernatural were needed , it is amply available in Randi 's books .
if evidence of this deep [want] to believe in the supernatural were needed , it is amply available in randi 's books .

But where the political and social values of a country redefine the function of a school , as they have done in Tanzania , or , as with the growth of universal primary education , it becomes more obvious that the school is not mainly an escape route out of the village and on to secondary and higher education , so the separateness may become less pronounced and the desire for integration more genuine .
but where the political and social values of a country redefine the function of a school , as they have done in tanzania , or , as with the growth of universal primary education , it becomes more obvious that the school is not mainly an escape route out of the village and on to secondary and higher education , so the separateness may become less pronounced and the [want] for integration more genuine .

There is some evidence that the desire to find one rather than alternative answers to a problem may have its origins in patterns of indigenous education .
there is some evidence that the [want] to find one rather than alternative answers to a problem may have its origins in patterns of indigenous education .

This provides a firm basis for the new interest in evaluation and an earnest desire for its continued growth .
this provides a firm basis for the new interest in evaluation and an earnest [want] for its continued growth .

Finally , we may detect a marked tendency to integrate subjects hitherto taught separately , a trend reflecting curriculum practice in Britain but also stemming from a desire to stress the relatedness of learning within a child 's own environment .
finally , we may detect a marked tendency to integrate subjects hitherto taught separately , a trend reflecting curriculum practice in britain but also stemming from a [want] to stress the relatedness of learning within a child 's own environment .

They were not legally entitled to do so as teenagers and various factors may trigger their desire to find their birth parents at this stage .
they were not legally entitled to do so as teenagers and various factors may trigger their [want] to find their birth parents at this stage .

Crimes against society , such as theft , murder and outright war , as well as bad actions against family and friends , spring from our inborn desire to get our own way and do what we want , however much we normally keep those feelings under control .
crimes against society , such as theft , murder and outright war , as well as bad actions against family and friends , spring from our inborn [want] to get our own way and do what we want , however much we normally keep those feelings under control .

During the menopause a drop in hormone levels may account for a temporary loss of sexual desire in women , but this need not be more than a passing loss .
during the menopause a drop in hormone levels may account for a temporary loss of sexual [want] in women , but this need not be more than a passing loss .

If one partner still feels the desire for sex , then a way should be found to meet that need , with unselfish giving as well as restraint as each tries to satisfy the other .
if one partner still feels the [want] for sex , then a way should be found to meet that need , with unselfish giving as well as restraint as each tries to satisfy the other .

Courtship is marked by a compulsive desire to share everything about yourself with the person you love , and marriage usually begins the same way .
courtship is marked by a compulsive [want] to share everything about yourself with the person you love , and marriage usually begins the same way .

It is argued that whilst this tradition continues today it has been accelerated by the arrival of North Sea oil money and consolidated by the housing needs of incoming workers many of whom desire to own their own property .
it is argued that whilst this tradition continues today it has been accelerated by the arrival of north sea oil money and consolidated by the housing needs of incoming workers many of whom [want] to own their own property .

The wearing of breathing apparatus , although necessary , was known to be risky ; the trapped men were not accustomed to the equipment and anyone who has used it knows how alarming and claustrophobic the experience can be ; the effect can be a compelling desire to rip off the apparatus and if one of the trapped miners was to do so while passing through the gas in Bank mine , death would be almost instantaneous .
the wearing of breathing apparatus , although necessary , was known to be risky ; the trapped men were not accustomed to the equipment and anyone who has used it knows how alarming and claustrophobic the experience can be ; the effect can be a compelling [want] to rip off the apparatus and if one of the trapped miners was to do so while passing through the gas in bank mine , death would be almost instantaneous .

Her father encouraged her desire to learn navigation and other aspects of seamanship , and after a few years her proficiency was obvious to everyone who sailed with her .
her father encouraged her [want] to learn navigation and other aspects of seamanship , and after a few years her proficiency was obvious to everyone who sailed with her .

John expressed a desire for milk and one man went on ahead to the surface and asked one of John 's neighbours to get out of bed and milk her cow .
john expressed a [want] for milk and one man went on ahead to the surface and asked one of john 's neighbours to get out of bed and milk her cow .

’ As most of Paterson 's book deals with the histories of Ayrshire 's leading families , his comment on the shoot may have been coloured by a desire to please the gentry involved in the Society , as by 1870 interest had declined to rock bottom with no entries for the papingo shoot .
’ as most of paterson 's book deals with the histories of ayrshire 's leading families , his comment on the shoot may have been coloured by a [want] to please the gentry involved in the society , as by 1870 interest had declined to rock bottom with no entries for the papingo shoot .

He , along with the artists , masons , carpenters and other craftsmen frequently permeate their work with signs of a love of the task they have undertaken , which leaves the beholder in no doubt that they have given something of themselves over and above the requirements of loyalty to the paymaster and the desire to enjoy applying their crafts .
he , along with the artists , masons , carpenters and other craftsmen frequently permeate their work with signs of a love of the task they have undertaken , which leaves the beholder in no doubt that they have given something of themselves over and above the requirements of loyalty to the paymaster and the [want] to enjoy applying their crafts .

The motives of the instigators might be anything from pure love of a believed-in ‘ god ’ , to nothing more than an ignoble desire to surpass in magnificence the work of a rival religion or area of influence .
the motives of the instigators might be anything from pure love of a believed-in ‘ god ’ , to nothing more than an ignoble [want] to surpass in magnificence the work of a rival religion or area of influence .

But what stands stark and clear , above all speculation , arguments , discussions and justifications , is the fact that anything which allows itself to be used to sustain such atrocious misery can not possibly be anything but a travesty of a ‘ religion ’ within the meaning of that word that all right-minded and honourable people intensely desire .
but what stands stark and clear , above all speculation , arguments , discussions and justifications , is the fact that anything which allows itself to be used to sustain such atrocious misery can not possibly be anything but a travesty of a ‘ religion ’ within the meaning of that word that all right-minded and honourable people intensely [want] .

The result of all this can be likened to a vast ocean , teeming with fish of which only one in a million is edible , and just as this would present a monstrous task to fishermen entrusted with the responsibility of feeding a hungry populace , so does the almost unbelievable quantity of religious teaching and literature by its very size and complexity make it impossible for it ever to serve a serious purpose in satisfying the undoubted universal desire for a respected and well-beloved religion .
the result of all this can be likened to a vast ocean , teeming with fish of which only one in a million is edible , and just as this would present a monstrous task to fishermen entrusted with the responsibility of feeding a hungry populace , so does the almost unbelievable quantity of religious teaching and literature by its very size and complexity make it impossible for it ever to serve a serious purpose in satisfying the undoubted universal [want] for a respected and well-beloved religion .

The message is : — The giving of help to ‘ backward ’ peoples must be based on a genuine desire to share the quality of life enjoyed by the givers , and not on an intention to indoctrinate with some orthodox religion .
the message is : — the giving of help to ‘ backward ’ peoples must be based on a genuine [want] to share the quality of life enjoyed by the givers , and not on an intention to indoctrinate with some orthodox religion .

The legal profession is not always entirely blameless in these matters , for there is often left in the minds of interested people the suspicion that , in the courts of law the scoring of points and the winning of cases takes precedence over the desire to administer justice and establish truth .
the legal profession is not always entirely blameless in these matters , for there is often left in the minds of interested people the suspicion that , in the courts of law the scoring of points and the winning of cases takes precedence over the [want] to administer justice and establish truth .

It has had for its end the production of a convincing explanation of the writer 's understanding of the origin of the Created God , that is , a God that man can endow with recognisable origins to be found far back in time and with qualities from which the desire to have an absolute standard of human behaviour can ultimately be evolved .
it has had for its end the production of a convincing explanation of the writer 's understanding of the origin of the created god , that is , a god that man can endow with recognisable origins to be found far back in time and with qualities from which the [want] to have an absolute standard of human behaviour can ultimately be evolved .

Primitive Pleasure and Desire
primitive pleasure and [want]

If life has developed for the enjoyment that it brings , and it started with the existence of a single cell , then it is reasonable to suppose that the single cell was capable of the detection of an extremely small measure of ‘ pleasure ’ which it could experience by satisfying some ‘ desire ’ .
if life has developed for the enjoyment that it brings , and it started with the existence of a single cell , then it is reasonable to suppose that the single cell was capable of the detection of an extremely small measure of ‘ pleasure ’ which it could experience by satisfying some ‘ [want] ’ .

In this instance it could be the desire to divide .
in this instance it could be the [want] to divide .

The origin of that primitive ‘ desire ’ is in all probability the same as the unknown origin of life , which in this book is relegated to that first pre-life period which made no contribution to the Created God except that it may have been the source of the basic origin of life .
the origin of that primitive ‘ [want] ’ is in all probability the same as the unknown origin of life , which in this book is relegated to that first pre-life period which made no contribution to the created god except that it may have been the source of the basic origin of life .

It may be true that ‘ desire ’ is , as closely as human words can state , synonymous with life .
it may be true that ‘ [want] ’ is , as closely as human words can state , synonymous with life .

The assumption that the primitive cell experienced ‘ desire ’ is not as absurd as at first it might appear to be , for there is no reason why the magnitude of the capacity of all living creatures to experience pain and pleasure , in any form , should not be considered measurable into hypothetical units .
the assumption that the primitive cell experienced ‘ [want] ’ is not as absurd as at first it might appear to be , for there is no reason why the magnitude of the capacity of all living creatures to experience pain and pleasure , in any form , should not be considered measurable into hypothetical units .

The second is the unit of ‘ desire ’ contained within that cell .
the second is the unit of ‘ [want] ’ contained within that cell .

Of these three , it is only the existence of the ‘ unit of desire ’ that can reasonably be challenged .
of these three , it is only the existence of the ‘ unit of [want] ’ that can reasonably be challenged .

The ‘ unit of desire ’ however , is admitted to be a presumption , but if it were possible to prove with scientific exactitude that it really existed then it would not be within the province of religion at all , but of science .
the ‘ unit of [want] ’ however , is admitted to be a presumption , but if it were possible to prove with scientific exactitude that it really existed then it would not be within the province of religion at all , but of science .

The Alternative Religion needs no other unproved assumption than the existence of the ‘ unit of desire ’ .
the alternative religion needs no other unproved assumption than the existence of the ‘ unit of [want] ’ .

This is not to imply that scientists , and others in challenging occupations , should not be concerned about the human desire to seek better understanding of what is meant by ‘ god ’ , or with any consequent religion .
this is not to imply that scientists , and others in challenging occupations , should not be concerned about the human [want] to seek better understanding of what is meant by ‘ god ’ , or with any consequent religion .

This pleasure would appear to have been remote from the adult satisfactions mentioned in the previous paragraph and is a manifestation of the ‘ joie de vivre ’ which is at the very heart of the urge for life , which is itself the product of ‘ desire ’ as introduced and discussed in the Second Period .
this pleasure would appear to have been remote from the adult satisfactions mentioned in the previous paragraph and is a manifestation of the ‘ joie de vivre ’ which is at the very heart of the urge for life , which is itself the product of ‘ [want] ’ as introduced and discussed in the second period .

The ‘ joie de vivre ’ then , observable in the very young , could well be the logical outcome of the satisfying of the initial unit of ‘ desire ’ .
the ‘ joie de vivre ’ then , observable in the very young , could well be the logical outcome of the satisfying of the initial unit of ‘ [want] ’ .

Its mystery does not affect the understanding of the Created God , for , to accord with the aims and claims of this book that mystery still rests in the pre-life period ; furthermore , it is possible to associate it with the concept of ‘ desire ’ put forward in the hypothesis associated with the Second Period .
its mystery does not affect the understanding of the created god , for , to accord with the aims and claims of this book that mystery still rests in the pre-life period ; furthermore , it is possible to associate it with the concept of ‘ [want] ’ put forward in the hypothesis associated with the second period .

The Beginning of ‘ God-Worship ’ and its Association with ‘ Desire ’
the beginning of ‘ god-worship ’ and its association with ‘ [want] ’

The search for the motivation leads back to the hypothesis put forward earlier , that life itself could be held to be synonymous with desire , therefore to have life was to have desire .
the search for the motivation leads back to the hypothesis put forward earlier , that life itself could be held to be synonymous with [want] , therefore to have life was to have [want] .

As life developed , so desire became ever more demanding , and more complex .
as life developed , so [want] became ever more demanding , and more complex .

In this context , as elsewhere in this book , by ‘ desire ’ to do or have something is meant to ‘ want ’ to do or have something , which in its turn means to seek the satisfaction of responding to an urge .
in this context , as elsewhere in this book , by ‘ [want] ’ to do or have something is meant to ‘ want ’ to do or have something , which in its turn means to seek the satisfaction of responding to an urge .

From this it could well be said that life motivation stems from the perpetual satisfaction of recurring desire .
from this it could well be said that life motivation stems from the perpetual satisfaction of recurring [want] .

For example , he could not enjoy the power and obvious pleasures of flight , in all probability experienced at some evolutionary stage and retained as a residual ‘ desire ’ , and at the same time be strong enough to do other desired things .
for example , he could not enjoy the power and obvious pleasures of flight , in all probability experienced at some evolutionary stage and retained as a residual ‘ [want] ’ , and at the same time be strong enough to do other desired things .

This is another story , but it underlines the contention that ‘ desire ’ could be the ultimate motivation of all the activities of life .
this is another story , but it underlines the contention that ‘ [want] ’ could be the ultimate motivation of all the activities of life .

The creature is attracted because it has the pleasure of satisfied desire , in this case its own particular form of hunger .
the creature is attracted because it has the pleasure of satisfied [want] , in this case its own particular form of hunger .

The reader is reminded that according to the reasoning of this book , the ‘ events ’ have always been the direct result of the satisfying of ‘ desire ’ , the existence of which is the basic presumption relegated to pre-life and therefore having no direct relevance to the Created God .
the reader is reminded that according to the reasoning of this book , the ‘ events ’ have always been the direct result of the satisfying of ‘ [want] ’ , the existence of which is the basic presumption relegated to pre-life and therefore having no direct relevance to the created god .

That they were moved , in the ultimate analysis , by a need to satisfy a ‘ desire ’ , in this case to promote the creation of ‘ goodness ’ , detracts not one iota from the credit due to them , or from the value of their contribution .
that they were moved , in the ultimate analysis , by a need to satisfy a ‘ [want] ’ , in this case to promote the creation of ‘ goodness ’ , detracts not one iota from the credit due to them , or from the value of their contribution .

In reality what has been happening is that humanity , driven by the inexorable power of the primordial desire for earthly happiness , has been producing a constant stream of decisions from which the good , which will ultimately help with the building of the Created God , have been extracted .
in reality what has been happening is that humanity , driven by the inexorable power of the primordial [want] for earthly happiness , has been producing a constant stream of decisions from which the good , which will ultimately help with the building of the created god , have been extracted .

Christianity will deny that it condones selfishness , but it serves no purpose to promise something which can have no appeal unless it satisfies a desire , and then in another context to label that appeal the product of a baser instinct .
christianity will deny that it condones selfishness , but it serves no purpose to promise something which can have no appeal unless it satisfies a [want] , and then in another context to label that appeal the product of a baser instinct .

Technical details such as poor paper , irregular or thin inking , and cheap production generally , can affect legibility and in the process the reader 's desire and motivation to read the book .
technical details such as poor paper , irregular or thin inking , and cheap production generally , can affect legibility and in the process the reader 's [want] and motivation to read the book .

There are stories here of unmitigated horror — the deportation of his mother , the guilt of his father , the death of his first object of desire .
there are stories here of unmitigated horror — the deportation of his mother , the guilt of his father , the death of his first object of [want] .

Wolfgang Kemp 's The Desire of My Eyes is something very different : a big , scholarly study of the life and work of John Ruskin , translated from the German .
wolfgang kemp 's the [want] of my eyes is something very different : a big , scholarly study of the life and work of john ruskin , translated from the german .

Dennis 's desire to retain McLaren 's lucrative Shell contract in the face of Renault 's close links with Elf still looks likely to scupper any deal .
dennis 's [want] to retain mclaren 's lucrative shell contract in the face of renault 's close links with elf still looks likely to scupper any deal .

Polly James , as the matchmaker Frosine , is energetic and endlessly scheming as she attempts to marry off the daughter and her lover Valère , who is masquerading as the Miser 's steward , and the son and Mariane , who is also the object of the father 's desire .
polly james , as the matchmaker frosine , is energetic and endlessly scheming as she attempts to marry off the daughter and her lover valère , who is masquerading as the miser 's steward , and the son and mariane , who is also the object of the father 's [want] .

The scheme was brought about by the need to replace dying trees and a desire for a comprehensive improvement scheme .
the scheme was brought about by the need to replace dying trees and a [want] for a comprehensive improvement scheme .

Sir , — There is a small but growing voice to be heard expressing the desire for the introduction of the Australian system of making it compulsory for people to vote in political elections .
sir , — there is a small but growing voice to be heard expressing the [want] for the introduction of the australian system of making it compulsory for people to vote in political elections .

The unique plant community of this canal ( 94 wetland species recently recorded , higher than any other wetland in Britain ) , means that a balance must be struck between the need to conserve rare plants , and the desire by some people to use motor cruisers on it .
the unique plant community of this canal ( 94 wetland species recently recorded , higher than any other wetland in britain ) , means that a balance must be struck between the need to conserve rare plants , and the [want] by some people to use motor cruisers on it .

Their one desire was to get out of this place ; but perhaps flight in the present circumstances might seem ungracious .
their one [want] was to get out of this place ; but perhaps flight in the present circumstances might seem ungracious .

She could think better in the darkness , and Gay 's letter had effectively banished all desire to sleep .
she could think better in the darkness , and gay 's letter had effectively banished all [want] to sleep .

Hugo looked even more tired and strained than he had earlier , Harriet thought , and Sally was edgy and preoccupied though she seemed greatly relieved when Hugo told her that the insurance investigator , Tom O'Neill , had seemed satisfied with what he had been able to tell him and had not expressed any desire for a further interview or the need to come to the house to speak to Sally .
hugo looked even more tired and strained than he had earlier , harriet thought , and sally was edgy and preoccupied though she seemed greatly relieved when hugo told her that the insurance investigator , tom o'neill , had seemed satisfied with what he had been able to tell him and had not expressed any [want] for a further interview or the need to come to the house to speak to sally .

She hesitated , torn between the unaccountable shyness she always felt in Louise 's presence and the overwhelming desire to be in on whatever it was they were giggling about , even if she was only a barely tolerated spectator .
she hesitated , torn between the unaccountable shyness she always felt in louise 's presence and the overwhelming [want] to be in on whatever it was they were giggling about , even if she was only a barely tolerated spectator .

His immediate discarding of the magazine at this point further supports the view that he had indeed been intentionally using the magazine to communicate his desire to go and see the live gorillas .
his immediate discarding of the magazine at this point further supports the view that he had indeed been intentionally using the magazine to communicate his [want] to go and see the live gorillas .

Dr. Elliott detects in it ‘ a desire by the composer to accommodate progressive ideas about clear word-setting and harmonic , chordal idioms ’ : he has elsewhere invoked the violent and repressive political climate of the time , and seen an attempt by Carver to compromise — in a period of Protestant fundamentalism which had limited the formerly sumptuous musical presentations in the Chapel Royal to plainchant and Faburden improvised upon it — with the strictly harmonically-conceived music of English Reformation composers .
dr. elliott detects in it ‘ a [want] by the composer to accommodate progressive ideas about clear word-setting and harmonic , chordal idioms ’ : he has elsewhere invoked the violent and repressive political climate of the time , and seen an attempt by carver to compromise — in a period of protestant fundamentalism which had limited the formerly sumptuous musical presentations in the chapel royal to plainchant and faburden improvised upon it — with the strictly harmonically-conceived music of english reformation composers .

There were , however , rumours of a split — reportedly over Montague 's desire to strike an asset deal between the three companies and Olsson 's determination to press ahead with a full bid .
there were , however , rumours of a split — reportedly over montague 's [want] to strike an asset deal between the three companies and olsson 's determination to press ahead with a full bid .

By contrast , neither party has any desire to suggest that men might do the same thing .
by contrast , neither party has any [want] to suggest that men might do the same thing .

The statistics given of one in seven offspring of deaf parents being deaf themselves , as opposed to one in 135 offspring of deaf-hearing parents being influenced Dr. Buxton to argue against the desire of deaf people to intermarry .
the statistics given of one in seven offspring of deaf parents being deaf themselves , as opposed to one in 135 offspring of deaf-hearing parents being influenced dr. buxton to argue against the [want] of deaf people to intermarry .

The Association would call upon all local authorities which have instructed their librarians to restrict or prevent access to materials , either on grounds of personal prejudice or a desire to ‘ protect ’ public morality , to reconsider the principle on which the public service is provided , and to recognize the necessary discretion that their professional staff should be allowed in providing a comprehensive service for users .
the association would call upon all local authorities which have instructed their librarians to restrict or prevent access to materials , either on grounds of personal prejudice or a [want] to ‘ protect ’ public morality , to reconsider the principle on which the public service is provided , and to recognize the necessary discretion that their professional staff should be allowed in providing a comprehensive service for users .

At that time local authorities could be seen as acting in the interests of the majority — the phrase from the last paragraph of the 1978 extract from the Library Association record above ( omitted from the 1989 policy statement ) ‘ either on grounds of … a desire to ‘ protect ’ public morality ' suggests so .
at that time local authorities could be seen as acting in the interests of the majority — the phrase from the last paragraph of the 1978 extract from the library association record above ( omitted from the 1989 policy statement ) ‘ either on grounds of … a [want] to ‘ protect ’ public morality ' suggests so .

When we are very young we see a fluffy kitten as something especially soft and cuddly and we have a strong desire to pick it up and hold it tight .
when we are very young we see a fluffy kitten as something especially soft and cuddly and we have a strong [want] to pick it up and hold it tight .

Many postgraduate students will have proceeded without interruption from their primary degrees ; many other participants are seeking career-enhancing or professional development qualifications by either full-time or part-time attendance after deferring the desire to seek postgraduate entry for some years .
many postgraduate students will have proceeded without interruption from their primary degrees ; many other participants are seeking career-enhancing or professional development qualifications by either full-time or part-time attendance after deferring the [want] to seek postgraduate entry for some years .

This circumstance encourages me to hope that you may , if you have any opening for such a youth , be willing to take George , who is exceedingly desirous of obtaining the situation — or indeed any situation which through industry and a desire of improvement may hereafter insure a creditable independence ; but , above all things he seems to wish that it may be possible for you to take him into a situation similar to that which was offered to his Brother .
this circumstance encourages me to hope that you may , if you have any opening for such a youth , be willing to take george , who is exceedingly desirous of obtaining the situation — or indeed any situation which through industry and a [want] of improvement may hereafter insure a creditable independence ; but , above all things he seems to wish that it may be possible for you to take him into a situation similar to that which was offered to his brother .

’ But to be fair to Green it was from his burning wish for people to admire the scenery , not from a desire to spoil it , that he made these suggestions , which certainly are not so far fetched in the 20th century as they must have been then .
’ but to be fair to green it was from his burning wish for people to admire the scenery , not from a [want] to spoil it , that he made these suggestions , which certainly are not so far fetched in the 20th century as they must have been then .

This problem , an inflammation of the lining of the bladder , has been described as the desire to rush to the loo every five minutes in order to produce two burning drops !
this problem , an inflammation of the lining of the bladder , has been described as the [want] to rush to the loo every five minutes in order to produce two burning drops !

And finally , the great patron , the boss of the bunch , must have an overwhelming desire to win .
and finally , the great patron , the boss of the bunch , must have an overwhelming [want] to win .

Instead , he bewildered and tormented him with his tactical positioning , then launched attacks that showed a desire to win the Tour for a record sixth time .
instead , he bewildered and tormented him with his tactical positioning , then launched attacks that showed a [want] to win the tour for a record sixth time .

And if the marriage bed is an island in a sea of desire
and if the marriage bed is an island in a sea of [want]

In his widely cited study Delinquent Boys , Cohen questions whether delinquent behaviour is caused directly by the desire for material goals .
in his widely cited study delinquent boys , cohen questions whether delinquent behaviour is caused directly by the [want] for material goals .

The clubs could attempt the task , and indeed their origins include the desire on the part of settlement workers to preach the virtues of citizenship , just as Scouting did more than twenty years later .
the clubs could attempt the task , and indeed their origins include the [want] on the part of settlement workers to preach the virtues of citizenship , just as scouting did more than twenty years later .

While rescue was the initial objective , it was soon surpassed by the desire to reclaim and re-educate .
while rescue was the initial objective , it was soon surpassed by the [want] to reclaim and re-educate .

In ‘ Suggestions for Helpers ’ , Birmingham care workers were advised to make parents feel that their visit was the result of a desire to be ‘ really helpful and friendly ’ .
in ‘ suggestions for helpers ’ , birmingham care workers were advised to make parents feel that their visit was the result of a [want] to be ‘ really helpful and friendly ’ .

There was a new desire for ‘ reality ’ and for ‘ self-expression ’ , and while they held within them dangers , they also held the possibility of ‘ veracity and strenuous life ’ .
there was a new [want] for ‘ reality ’ and for ‘ self-expression ’ , and while they held within them dangers , they also held the possibility of ‘ veracity and strenuous life ’ .

At one end of the spectrum of aims and aspirations stood the need to turn out adaptable workers , suitable for a developing labour-market ; while at the other end there was the desire to educate young people for their role as adults in the evolving mass democracy .
at one end of the spectrum of aims and aspirations stood the need to turn out adaptable workers , suitable for a developing labour-market ; while at the other end there was the [want] to educate young people for their role as adults in the evolving mass democracy .

Also , most lenders desire to reduce risk and maintain maximum liquidity .
also , most lenders [want] to reduce risk and maintain maximum liquidity .

The opening paragraph provides the main reason — a desire for a higher standard of living .
the opening paragraph provides the main reason — a [want] for a higher standard of living .

It is difficult for low-income LDCs to generate a high level of savings due to the subsistence nature of agriculture and the high propensity ( desire ) to consume — a vicious poverty circle exists .
it is difficult for low-income ldcs to generate a high level of savings due to the subsistence nature of agriculture and the high propensity ( [want] ) to consume — a vicious poverty circle exists .

The desire to live had died three hours before in that village street amid the swirling snow , the volley of rifle-fire and the screams of wounded and dying men .
the [want] to live had died three hours before in that village street amid the swirling snow , the volley of rifle-fire and the screams of wounded and dying men .

This made him desire her all the more .
this made him [want] her all the more .

Three of the five corporate planning departments that use online services expressed a desire to make these services freely available throughout the company .
three of the five corporate planning departments that use online services expressed a [want] to make these services freely available throughout the company .

The desire for good external information services , such as that offered by the London Business School Library , was mixed .
the [want] for good external information services , such as that offered by the london business school library , was mixed .

We have noted in the report of our experimental study , the desire of planners to use ‘ raw , ’ accounting data .
we have noted in the report of our experimental study , the [want] of planners to use ‘ raw , ’ accounting data .

The island abounds in pleasing scenes , and a season may be well spent there by those who desire to live near city comforts .
the island abounds in pleasing scenes , and a season may be well spent there by those who [want] to live near city comforts .

It is easy to picture an inadequate anaesthetic , a slipped scalpel , an overlooked symptom , giving rise to dissatisfaction and a desire for redress .
it is easy to picture an inadequate anaesthetic , a slipped scalpel , an overlooked symptom , giving rise to dissatisfaction and a [want] for redress .

In every relaxation and visualization session , the one common factor amongst patients had been the desire to image a pastoral background .
in every relaxation and visualization session , the one common factor amongst patients had been the [want] to image a pastoral background .

Some parents , in their understandable desire to make their children happy , give in to them and let them have everything they ask for .
some parents , in their understandable [want] to make their children happy , give in to them and let them have everything they ask for .

Living , by necessity , involves delay between desire and fulfilment , between plan and realization .
living , by necessity , involves delay between [want] and fulfilment , between plan and realization .

Parents have a wholly understandable desire for their children to be happy , so ( not surprisingly ) signs of discontent , sadness and storm and stress , are not easy for them to bear .
parents have a wholly understandable [want] for their children to be happy , so ( not surprisingly ) signs of discontent , sadness and storm and stress , are not easy for them to bear .

The goal of discipline is to modify desire , not merely behaviour .
the goal of discipline is to modify [want] , not merely behaviour .

This had hitherto been prevented in a desire to help encourage mobile industries to locate in the less prosperous regions of the north and west .
this had hitherto been prevented in a [want] to help encourage mobile industries to locate in the less prosperous regions of the north and west .

Opposition to development from lower income groups is more likely to be motivated by anger at the focus on up-market housing than by a desire to preserve a golden past which they are well aware has never existed .
opposition to development from lower income groups is more likely to be motivated by anger at the focus on up-market housing than by a [want] to preserve a golden past which they are well aware has never existed .

The desire to isolate the factors associated with child abuse is understandable ; social workers and other professionals could be given a list of tell-tale signs , and they could then keep a particularly close eye on families at risk .
the [want] to isolate the factors associated with child abuse is understandable ; social workers and other professionals could be given a list of tell-tale signs , and they could then keep a particularly close eye on families at risk .

However , drawing a line so roughly has its limitations : the eye can deceive and the heart may secretly desire a particular outcome .
however , drawing a line so roughly has its limitations : the eye can deceive and the heart may secretly [want] a particular outcome .

As the law stands now , at eighteen , an adopted young person has the right to trace his natural parents , and to make contact with them if this is the desire of all concerned .
as the law stands now , at eighteen , an adopted young person has the right to trace his natural parents , and to make contact with them if this is the [want] of all concerned .

The next day , racked by pressure , confusion and the desire to get something right , McLeod dumped the drugs in a field near the hotel .
the next day , racked by pressure , confusion and the [want] to get something right , mcleod dumped the drugs in a field near the hotel .

First , there is a conflict between a desire to maximize the fit obtained , by inclusion of as many statistically significant terms as possible , and simple logic which suggests that the correct form of any fitted model should be a linear weighted sum of only those land-cover types that actually contain mostly housing ( ’ dense ’ and ‘ resid ’ ) without any intercept term .
first , there is a conflict between a [want] to maximize the fit obtained , by inclusion of as many statistically significant terms as possible , and simple logic which suggests that the correct form of any fitted model should be a linear weighted sum of only those land-cover types that actually contain mostly housing ( ’ dense ’ and ‘ resid ’ ) without any intercept term .

According to Seneca the Gods desire above all other things to see great men struggling with adversity .
according to seneca the gods [want] above all other things to see great men struggling with adversity .

There is a joy in looking for the kindly and generous action in the daily round ; a kindly smile from some ordinary person whose responses have not been blighted by desire or greed or envy .
there is a joy in looking for the kindly and generous action in the daily round ; a kindly smile from some ordinary person whose responses have not been blighted by [want] or greed or envy .

This thirst is a form of enthusiasm and implies a desire to discover all secrets , to become immersed in all things , and never to stop learning .
this thirst is a form of enthusiasm and implies a [want] to discover all secrets , to become immersed in all things , and never to stop learning .

If it is not , then it is mere lust and desire .
if it is not , then it is mere lust and [want] .

Losing the desire for material things — in fact the total spurning of them — gives calm and release as long as that desire is not replaced by the desire for such mental delights as ecstasy .
losing the [want] for material things — in fact the total spurning of them — gives calm and release as long as that [want] is not replaced by the [want] for such mental delights as ecstasy .

It stated that , ‘ The course adopted , prompted by a desire for expedition , can scarcely be considered the best calculated to obtain a grand whole ’ .
it stated that , ‘ the course adopted , prompted by a [want] for expedition , can scarcely be considered the best calculated to obtain a grand whole ’ .

The advantages of such a close integration into the existing administration seems to have been obvious , as no doubt were those of a prominent site for a building which should be seen as the expression of a desire to give India a better government .
the advantages of such a close integration into the existing administration seems to have been obvious , as no doubt were those of a prominent site for a building which should be seen as the expression of a [want] to give india a better government .

a growing dissatisfaction with the more recent productions ( or the majority of them ) of that form of Classic Architecture Vernacularized amongst us , and a most earnest desire to see some variety introduced among our public buildings .
a growing dissatisfaction with the more recent productions ( or the majority of them ) of that form of classic architecture vernacularized amongst us , and a most earnest [want] to see some variety introduced among our public buildings .

This desire has shewn itself in some minds in the advocacy of the introduction of some new style especially marking our own age , in others in the wish to see the Architecture which so especially belongs to our own and immediately neighbouring Countries , — and which for some classes of buildings has already been so completely revived , — adapted to the especial requirements of our own times and all the inventions habits and comforts incident to them .
this [want] has shewn itself in some minds in the advocacy of the introduction of some new style especially marking our own age , in others in the wish to see the architecture which so especially belongs to our own and immediately neighbouring countries , — and which for some classes of buildings has already been so completely revived , — adapted to the especial requirements of our own times and all the inventions habits and comforts incident to them .

Nurses should not pry but they need to be sensitive to any cues which indicate a patient 's desire to discuss anxieties .
nurses should not pry but they need to be sensitive to any cues which indicate a patient 's [want] to discuss anxieties .

Although houses can be bought cheaply in the valleys , few people desire to move there . Why might you choose not to move there ?
although houses can be bought cheaply in the valleys , few people [want] to move there . why might you choose not to move there ?

They desire company and to be held and touched .
they [want] company and to be held and touched .

Great soreness and restlessness ; stupor and mild delirium — child constantly tossing about ; very itchy rashes not relieved by scratching ; rash is also dry , hot and burning ; desire cold drinks .
great soreness and restlessness ; stupor and mild delirium — child constantly tossing about ; very itchy rashes not relieved by scratching ; rash is also dry , hot and burning ; [want] cold drinks .

Generally chilly and cold but they desire the cold .
generally chilly and cold but they [want] the cold .

Sometimes there is a desire for cold things , acids or acid fruits which cause vomiting .
sometimes there is a [want] for cold things , acids or acid fruits which cause vomiting .

They desire to keep perfectly still ; the more and the longer they move the more they suffer .
they [want] to keep perfectly still ; the more and the longer they move the more they suffer .

Great weakness and the desire to lie down
great weakness and the [want] to lie down

Great weakness and the desire to lie down is a strong feature as are haemorrhagic complaints ; problems involving some sort of bleeding .
great weakness and the [want] to lie down is a strong feature as are haemorrhagic complaints ; problems involving some sort of bleeding .

They may desire sour things but are worse ( < ) for them .
they may [want] sour things but are worse ( < ) for them .

Desire fresh air very much
[want] fresh air very much

Often they desire fresh air very much .
often they [want] fresh air very much .

Averse to meat and they may desire beer which produces vomiting and diarrhoea .
averse to meat and they may [want] beer which produces vomiting and diarrhoea .

They may desire sweets very much .
they may [want] sweets very much .

There may be weakness , nervous prostration , nervous irritability and they desire solitude when they are ill ; consolation makes worse ( < ) .
there may be weakness , nervous prostration , nervous irritability and they [want] solitude when they are ill ; consolation makes worse ( < ) .

They may desire cold food , sour , spicy things , wine .
they may [want] cold food , sour , spicy things , wine .

Worse ( < ) heat , they desire cool , open air
worse ( < ) heat , they [want] cool , open air

Worse ( < ) heat is marked , they desire cool open air .
worse ( < ) heat is marked , they [want] cool open air .

Nausea , vomiting and hiccup with aversion to warm food and desire for cold food .
nausea , vomiting and hiccup with aversion to warm food and [want] for cold food .

desire can never be satisfied ,
[want] can never be satisfied ,

of their own desire
of their own [want]

desire bursting with lava of the end
[want] bursting with lava of the end

of exhaustion , desire silenced .
of exhaustion , [want] silenced .

absorb and desire , wishing it to be
absorb and [want] , wishing it to be

the desire to feel us
the [want] to feel us

of thunder and desire ,
of thunder and [want] ,

our desire for rest as limitless
our [want] for rest as limitless

with desire to fly ;
with [want] to fly ;

for desire , for the human heart
for [want] , for the human heart

Translated from Latin , this means “ blank slate ” or “ empty container , ” a being who can be freely “ written on , ” or “ ﬁlled , ” with socially acceptable knowledge and skills—in essence , molded in any way adults might desire through careful instruction , eective example , and rewards for good behavior .
translated from latin , this means “ blank slate ” or “ empty container , ” a being who can be freely “ written on , ” or “ ﬁlled , ” with socially acceptable knowledge and skills—in essence , molded in any way adults might [want] through careful instruction , eective example , and rewards for good behavior .

Elkind appealed to parents prone to live for and through their child ’ s accomplishments to give up their vain desire for a superkid , refrain from exaggerating the child ’ s competence , and stop rushing and pushing the child into adulthood .
elkind appealed to parents prone to live for and through their child ’ s accomplishments to give up their vain [want] for a superkid , refrain from exaggerating the child ’ s competence , and stop rushing and pushing the child into adulthood .

It provides the obstinate youngster , who feels little or no anxiety when reprimanded , with an alternative foundation for meeting parents ’ expectations : a desire to preserve a spirit of affection and harmony with the parent .
it provides the obstinate youngster , who feels little or no anxiety when reprimanded , with an alternative foundation for meeting parents ’ expectations : a [want] to preserve a spirit of affection and harmony with the parent .

Nevertheless , a deeply ingrained American belief is that satisfying a young child ’ s desire for social contact and assistance will be habit forming , leading to a clingy , spoiled youngster .
nevertheless , a deeply ingrained american belief is that satisfying a young child ’ s [want] for social contact and assistance will be habit forming , leading to a clingy , spoiled youngster .

They must desire genuine communication and work toward attaining it .
they must [want] genuine communication and work toward attaining it .

In each , my partners and I addressed the legitimacy of characters ’ intentions , weighing personal desire against socially acceptable behavior .
in each , my partners and i addressed the legitimacy of characters ’ intentions , weighing personal [want] against socially acceptable behavior .

Listen to the two-word utterances that appear between 15 and 24 months of age , and you will ﬁnd many expressions like these : “ Tommy hit ” ; “ Get cookie ” ; “ Mommy truck ” ( meaning “ Mommy push the truck ” ) ; “ Daddy outside ” ; and “ My dolly. ” 57 At the end of the second year , children begin to label their own and others ’ internal states with words , such as “ want , ” “ happy , ” “ mad , ” “ think , ” and “ pretend. ” 58 These assertions about human action , desire , emotion , and perspective are the stu of which narratives are made .
listen to the two-word utterances that appear between 15 and 24 months of age , and you will ﬁnd many expressions like these : “ tommy hit ” ; “ get cookie ” ; “ mommy truck ” ( meaning “ mommy push the truck ” ) ; “ daddy outside ” ; and “ my dolly. ” 57 at the end of the second year , children begin to label their own and others ’ internal states with words , such as “ want , ” “ happy , ” “ mad , ” “ think , ” and “ pretend. ” 58 these assertions about human action , [want] , emotion , and perspective are the stu of which narratives are made .

They are more willing when they see adults engaged in those duties , when adults explain why it ’ s fair that everyone help , and when their relationship with those adults is warm and gratifying.99 These communicative ingredients motivate children to join in with a cooperative spirit , which demonstrates that they have moved beyond the adult ’ s position to one of their own—that is , internalized social norms with conviction.100 In doing so , young children demonstrate once again their strong desire to become part of cultural life .
they are more willing when they see adults engaged in those duties , when adults explain why it ’ s fair that everyone help , and when their relationship with those adults is warm and gratifying.99 these communicative ingredients motivate children to join in with a cooperative spirit , which demonstrates that they have moved beyond the adult ’ s position to one of their own—that is , internalized social norms with conviction.100 in doing so , young children demonstrate once again their strong [want] to become part of cultural life .

Recall how Sophie satisﬁed both teddy bear ’ s and leprechaun ’ s desire for a lollipop , when just one TinkerToy lollipop was available .
recall how sophie satisﬁed both teddy bear ’ s and leprechaun ’ s [want] for a lollipop , when just one tinkertoy lollipop was available .

Although Bond Stores ’ customers were thrilled by a suit with two pairs of pants , contemporary customers want and expect a huge range of choices , and the consumer desire for limitless variety has kept the American apparel industry alive .
although bond stores ’ customers were thrilled by a suit with two pairs of pants , contemporary customers want and expect a huge range of choices , and the consumer [want] for limitless variety has kept the american apparel industry alive .

However , our sample also reveals that some manufacturers began to adjust to the new demands of lean retailing : By 1992 , the median dropped to ten hours , reflecting their desire to reduce the amount of work-in-process at this beginning stage of apparel assembly .
however , our sample also reveals that some manufacturers began to adjust to the new demands of lean retailing : by 1992 , the median dropped to ten hours , reflecting their [want] to reduce the amount of work-in-process at this beginning stage of apparel assembly .

His goal was to provide the elegant shopping experience of major European boutiques while satisfying the American desire for product diversity .
his goal was to provide the elegant shopping experience of major european boutiques while satisfying the american [want] for product diversity .

A tension exists between its desire to provide customers with a changing variety of apparel fashions and the need to increase its capacity to replenish a higher percentage of products , thereby taking advantage of its expertise in logistics.38 Increasingly , a department store must be successful at both pursuits .
a tension exists between its [want] to provide customers with a changing variety of apparel fashions and the need to increase its capacity to replenish a higher percentage of products , thereby taking advantage of its expertise in logistics.38 increasingly , a department store must be successful at both pursuits .

I assumed that the stark simplicity was the result of a restricted budget , and a desire to use materials that would withstand wear and tear .
i assumed that the stark simplicity was the result of a restricted budget , and a [want] to use materials that would withstand wear and tear .

When old buildings are torn down , the motive may be expediency or crass commercialism , but it may also be a desire for something new .
when old buildings are torn down , the motive may be expediency or crass commercialism , but it may also be a [want] for something new .

They can also take on any form they desire , such as a cat , pig , or owl , and so can make themselves difficult to identify .
they can also take on any form they [want] , such as a cat , pig , or owl , and so can make themselves difficult to identify .

Seeking redemption under the law can not simply be a desire for one ’ s parochial values to triumph in the courts .
seeking redemption under the law can not simply be a [want] for one ’ s parochial values to triumph in the courts .

He or she may communicate a desire for conviction but that parochial sentiment of interest will be readily discounted by the commonsense responses of the jury .
he or she may communicate a [want] for conviction but that parochial sentiment of interest will be readily discounted by the commonsense responses of the jury .

By contrast with a strip tease , the women in the peep show are subjected to a humiliating objectifying role , brought about by a number of factors : the automatic way in which the viewers pay for the opening of the “ peep ” window , in which the viewing of the naked woman resembles buying a product from a vending machine , the one-way windows that leave the women , without eye contact , as the isolated objects of salacious desire and the voyeurs relegated to their secret cabins .
by contrast with a strip tease , the women in the peep show are subjected to a humiliating objectifying role , brought about by a number of factors : the automatic way in which the viewers pay for the opening of the “ peep ” window , in which the viewing of the naked woman resembles buying a product from a vending machine , the one-way windows that leave the women , without eye contact , as the isolated objects of salacious [want] and the voyeurs relegated to their secret cabins .

The only undisturbed Royal tomb ever to be found in the Valley of the Kings , it captured the public imagination and fired peoples ’ desire to visit Egypt .
the only undisturbed royal tomb ever to be found in the valley of the kings , it captured the public imagination and fired peoples ’ [want] to visit egypt .

On the right , nationalist forces were motivated by a desire to hit back at Germany , seeing all contact with foreigners or any form of “ cosmopolitanism ” as a threat to national honor and integrity .
on the right , nationalist forces were motivated by a [want] to hit back at germany , seeing all contact with foreigners or any form of “ cosmopolitanism ” as a threat to national honor and integrity .

The desire for revenge against Germany remained .
the [want] for revenge against germany remained .

The traditional patterns and symbols are handed down from generation to generation and have great significance to the weaver , conferring good luck on the household , protection against the “ evil eye , ” or expressing the desire for a child .
the traditional patterns and symbols are handed down from generation to generation and have great significance to the weaver , conferring good luck on the household , protection against the “ evil eye , ” or expressing the [want] for a child .

Many visitors who seek beach time in Mallorca — a pretty reasonable desire , after all — beeline for the northeast coast and its two great sandy bays , which have picturesque mountainous backdrops and are within easy striking distance of the historic towns Pollença and Alcúdia , as well as the protected wetlands s ’ Albufera .
many visitors who seek beach time in mallorca — a pretty reasonable [want] , after all — beeline for the northeast coast and its two great sandy bays , which have picturesque mountainous backdrops and are within easy striking distance of the historic towns pollença and alcúdia , as well as the protected wetlands s ’ albufera .

Preaching that suffering came from the pursuit of personal desire , Buddha had advocated the Middle Way of the Eightfold Path : right views , right resolve , right speech , right conduct , right livelihood , right effort , right recollection , and right meditation .
preaching that suffering came from the pursuit of personal [want] , buddha had advocated the middle way of the eightfold path : right views , right resolve , right speech , right conduct , right livelihood , right effort , right recollection , and right meditation .

Malaysia ’ s well developed transportation infrastructure — both road and air — also offers the chance to step away from rigid planning if you desire to stay an extra day by the beach or want to do some more extensive shopping .
malaysia ’ s well developed transportation infrastructure — both road and air — also offers the chance to step away from rigid planning if you [want] to stay an extra day by the beach or want to do some more extensive shopping .

If your desire is to escape the coastal heat , highland retreats will refresh and invigorate , offering a chance to enjoy what was once the exclusive domain of colonial administrators .
if your [want] is to escape the coastal heat , highland retreats will refresh and invigorate , offering a chance to enjoy what was once the exclusive domain of colonial administrators .

Lauralea Saddick , former executive director of the San Gabriel-Pomona Valley program , said her board simply did not share Dudovitz 's desire to spend money influencing social policy and participating in high-profile litigation over poverty-related issues .
lauralea saddick , former executive director of the san gabriel-pomona valley program , said her board simply did not share dudovitz 's [want] to spend money influencing social policy and participating in high-profile litigation over poverty-related issues .

She says her desire to serve others was sparked early , growing up in a single-parent home , aware that her widowed mother faced certain challenges as she supported her four children through public school and college .
she says her [want] to serve others was sparked early , growing up in a single-parent home , aware that her widowed mother faced certain challenges as she supported her four children through public school and college .

The only way to get a lawyer so cheaply will be to find one with limited experience , or perhaps one fresh out of law school with a strong desire to `` provide justice to low-income people , '' Figgins said .
the only way to get a lawyer so cheaply will be to find one with limited experience , or perhaps one fresh out of law school with a strong [want] to `` provide justice to low-income people , '' figgins said .

Second , the ED is a fast-paced environment in which providers can not easily find time to conduct brief alcohol interventions , even if they have the training , skills , and desire to do so .
second , the ed is a fast-paced environment in which providers can not easily find time to conduct brief alcohol interventions , even if they have the training , skills , and [want] to do so .

However , other factors such as the desire to effect change and make a difference may attract senior executives to public service .
however , other factors such as the [want] to effect change and make a difference may attract senior executives to public service .

Although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the desire to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on providing high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with applicable laws and regulations .
although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the [want] to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on providing high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with applicable laws and regulations .

The Board believes that the desire for more specific guidance expressed by several respondents stems from the belief that without such guidance , an entity 's determination of how to apply the standards could be questioned .
the board believes that the [want] for more specific guidance expressed by several respondents stems from the belief that without such guidance , an entity 's determination of how to apply the standards could be questioned .

Because of these possible implementation problems and the need to consider other disclosures or presentations , the Board expressed a desire for further deliberations relative to the consolidated financial report of the Federal Government .
because of these possible implementation problems and the need to consider other disclosures or presentations , the board expressed a [want] for further deliberations relative to the consolidated financial report of the federal government .

Although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the desire to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on providing high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with applicable laws and regulations .
although most of the organizations were private enterprises motivated by the [want] to earn profits , their information security concerns focused on providing high-quality reliable service to their customers and business partners , avoiding fraud and disclosures of sensitive information , promoting efficient operations , and complying with applicable laws and regulations .

Service to the Congress domestictranquility…promotethegeneralwelfare , andsecurethe and the Federal blessingoflibertytoourselvesandourposterity… '' The country 's aging Government to Address and increasingly diverse population , rapid technological change , and Current and Emerging Americans ' desire to improve the quality of life all have major policy and Challenges to the Wellbudgetary implications for the federal government .
service to the congress domestictranquility…promotethegeneralwelfare , andsecurethe and the federal blessingoflibertytoourselvesandourposterity… '' the country 's aging government to address and increasingly diverse population , rapid technological change , and current and emerging americans ' [want] to improve the quality of life all have major policy and challenges to the wellbudgetary implications for the federal government .

The desire to leave a bequest may explain why the elderly do not fully deplete their wealth and some even continue to save during retirement .
the [want] to leave a bequest may explain why the elderly do not fully deplete their wealth and some even continue to save during retirement .

All were unanimous in their praise and appreciation for the statewide conference , and expressed a desire for an annual or semi-annual conference of this nature to be held either in person or with the use of videoconferencing .
all were unanimous in their praise and appreciation for the statewide conference , and expressed a [want] for an annual or semi-annual conference of this nature to be held either in person or with the use of videoconferencing .

However , although motivated by the desire to serve and empower all people with legal problems , programs pragmatically recognize the need to prioritize and focus their legal work on the community 's most serious problems .
however , although motivated by the [want] to serve and empower all people with legal problems , programs pragmatically recognize the need to prioritize and focus their legal work on the community 's most serious problems .

Organized labor and advocates for farm workers historically have disputed these assertions based on the general high employment rate among domestic farm workers and the alleged desire of agricultural employers to preserve a cheap labor force with limited legal rights .
organized labor and advocates for farm workers historically have disputed these assertions based on the general high employment rate among domestic farm workers and the alleged [want] of agricultural employers to preserve a cheap labor force with limited legal rights .

This dependency can be acute because of the costs incurred by workers in getting to the United States , their poverty , and their corresponding desire to remain and work in the United States and to return in future years .
this dependency can be acute because of the costs incurred by workers in getting to the united states , their poverty , and their corresponding [want] to remain and work in the united states and to return in future years .

Conditions for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to determine toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a desire to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , additional sampling points may be chosen .
conditions for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to determine toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a [want] to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , additional sampling points may be chosen .

Conditions for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to determine toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a desire to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , additional sampling points may be chosen .
conditions for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to determine toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a [want] to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , additional sampling points may be chosen .

We share the desire expressed in S. 556 to significantly reduce and cap emissions of SO2 , NOx and mercury from power generation .
we share the [want] expressed in s. 556 to significantly reduce and cap emissions of so2 , nox and mercury from power generation .

These proposals reflected the purported desire of mailers for smaller and , implicitly , more frequent rate increases .
these proposals reflected the purported [want] of mailers for smaller and , implicitly , more frequent rate increases .

Several family members remembered that their relatives had expressed a desire to participate in jihad , particularly in Chechnya .
several family members remembered that their relatives had expressed a [want] to participate in jihad , particularly in chechnya .

Ksm 's desire to drop him from the operation yielded to Bin Ladin 's insistence to keep him .
ksm 's [want] to drop him from the operation yielded to bin ladin 's insistence to keep him .

After taking their passports , Abu Basir arranged for Hamlan and Nami to meet Bin Ladin and instructed them to use the following phrase to express their desire to become martyrs : '' I want to be one of this religion 's bricks and glorify this religion . ''
after taking their passports , abu basir arranged for hamlan and nami to meet bin ladin and instructed them to use the following phrase to express their [want] to become martyrs : '' i want to be one of this religion 's bricks and glorify this religion . ''

As discussed in a set of Atta-Binalshibh exchanges in August 2001 , Ali ( referred to by the nickname `` Losh '' ) appears to have contacted Atta and expressed the desire to join the operation .
as discussed in a set of atta-binalshibh exchanges in august 2001 , ali ( referred to by the nickname `` losh '' ) appears to have contacted atta and expressed the [want] to join the operation .

Powell stated that the President wanted to get the hostages out but that desire would not restrain American action .
powell stated that the president wanted to get the hostages out but that [want] would not restrain american action .

The President said Bin Ladin had long been talking about his desire to attack America .
the president said bin ladin had long been talking about his [want] to attack america .

This does not necessarily translate into a desire for clerical rule and the abolition of a secular state .
this does not necessarily translate into a [want] for clerical rule and the abolition of a secular state .

If the United States did not comply , it would be at war with the Islamic nation , a nation that al Qaeda 's leaders said `` desires death more than you desire life . ''
if the united states did not comply , it would be at war with the islamic nation , a nation that al qaeda 's leaders said `` desires death more than you [want] life . ''

Over time , their policies- repression , rewards , emigration , and the displacement of popular anger onto scapegoats ( generally foreign ) -were shaped by the desire to cling to power .
over time , their policies- repression , rewards , emigration , and the displacement of popular anger onto scapegoats ( generally foreign ) -were shaped by the [want] to cling to power .

He soon made clear his desire for unchallenged control and for preparing the mujahideen to fight anywhere in the world .
he soon made clear his [want] for unchallenged control and for preparing the mujahideen to fight anywhere in the world .

In late 1997 , he applied for permission to complete his course work in Hamburg , a request apparently motivated by his desire to join Atta and Binalshibh .
in late 1997 , he applied for permission to complete his course work in hamburg , a request apparently motivated by his [want] to join atta and binalshibh .

He read brochures in Arabic about jihad , held forth to friends on the subject of holy war , and professed disaffection with his previous life and a desire not to leave the world `` in a natural way . ''
he read brochures in arabic about jihad , held forth to friends on the subject of holy war , and professed disaffection with his previous life and a [want] not to leave the world `` in a natural way . ''

He had no desire to see this happen again .
he had no [want] to see this happen again .

For KSM 's desire to keep Khallad and Abu Bara involved , see Intelligence report , interrogation of KSM , Aug. 18 , 2003 .
for ksm 's [want] to keep khallad and abu bara involved , see intelligence report , interrogation of ksm , aug. 18 , 2003 .

For Hanjour 's trip to Afghanistan , his initial studies in the United States , his rejection by the Saudi flight school , and his desire for flight training in the United States , see Intelligence report , interviews of Saudi hijackers ' families , Dec. 22 , 2001 ; FBI report of investigation , interview of Adnan Khalil , Sept. 29 , 2001 .
for hanjour 's trip to afghanistan , his initial studies in the united states , his rejection by the saudi flight school , and his [want] for flight training in the united states , see intelligence report , interviews of saudi hijackers ' families , dec. 22 , 2001 ; fbi report of investigation , interview of adnan khalil , sept. 29 , 2001 .

For his desire to train on multi-engine planes , his language difficulties , the instructor 's advice , and his reaction , see FBI report of investigation , interview of Rodney McAlear , Apr .
for his [want] to train on multi-engine planes , his language difficulties , the instructor 's advice , and his reaction , see fbi report of investigation , interview of rodney mcalear , apr .

For additional sources on the President 's desire to return , see White House transcript , Vice President Cheney interview with Newsweek , Nov. 19 , 2001 , p. 5 .
for additional sources on the president 's [want] to return , see white house transcript , vice president cheney interview with newsweek , nov. 19 , 2001 , p. 5 .

President Clinton offered us a perceptive analysis of Saudi Arabia , contending that fundamentally friendly rulers have been constrained by their desire to preserve the status quo .
president clinton offered us a perceptive analysis of saudi arabia , contending that fundamentally friendly rulers have been constrained by their [want] to preserve the status quo .

The majority of older Arab youths have expressed a desire to emigrate to other countries , particularly those in Europe .
the majority of older arab youths have expressed a [want] to emigrate to other countries , particularly those in europe .

Those who develop the practice of controlling their own economic destiny soon desire a voice in their communities and political societies .
those who develop the practice of controlling their own economic destiny soon [want] a voice in their communities and political societies .

Shortly after her arrival , Preston convenes members of her new lab to filter those seeking financial and other derivative rewards from the truly devoted , who are motivated solely by their “ sense of wonder and amazement ” and their desire to “ cultivate what Einstein referred to as ‘ holy curiosity. ’ ” She makes plain that science , like all ideologies , demands consummate faith and unwavering piety .
shortly after her arrival , preston convenes members of her new lab to filter those seeking financial and other derivative rewards from the truly devoted , who are motivated solely by their “ sense of wonder and amazement ” and their [want] to “ cultivate what einstein referred to as ‘ holy curiosity. ’ ” she makes plain that science , like all ideologies , demands consummate faith and unwavering piety .

The report also claims that “ the underlying impulse driving age-retardation research is , at least implicitly , limitless , the equivalent of a desire for immortality. ” Furthermore , the title of Chapter 4 of the report , “ Ageless Bodies , ” implies that immortality is the goal of this research , despite all reliable scientific evidence to the contrary .
the report also claims that “ the underlying impulse driving age-retardation research is , at least implicitly , limitless , the equivalent of a [want] for immortality. ” furthermore , the title of chapter 4 of the report , “ ageless bodies , ” implies that immortality is the goal of this research , despite all reliable scientific evidence to the contrary .

Some question whether it is wise to let emotions and the desire to find a cure drive research agendas .
some question whether it is wise to let emotions and the [want] to find a cure drive research agendas .

Here , the desire to apply the science may rush ahead of its demonstrated validity .
here , the [want] to apply the science may rush ahead of its demonstrated validity .

Classic examples include Archibald Garrod , a British physician whose desire to understand why a patient produced black urine led to the hypothesis that diseases can result from defective metabolic enzymes , and Fuller Albright , a clinical investigator at Harvard whose thoughtful approach to his patients yielded insights that revolutionized the field of endocrinology .
classic examples include archibald garrod , a british physician whose [want] to understand why a patient produced black urine led to the hypothesis that diseases can result from defective metabolic enzymes , and fuller albright , a clinical investigator at harvard whose thoughtful approach to his patients yielded insights that revolutionized the field of endocrinology .

Nor should we disparage as “ worried ” the very human desire to remain that way .
nor should we disparage as “ worried ” the very human [want] to remain that way .

However , most physicians in clinical research have other , more personal motivations , intermixed with the desire for progress .
however , most physicians in clinical research have other , more personal motivations , intermixed with the [want] for progress .

Independent commercial IRBs depend on pleasing corporate customers for their continued existence , and there is an unstated expectation that they will both be fast and produce rulings consistent with corporate expectations ( which in most cases include a desire to do the research ethically ) .
independent commercial irbs depend on pleasing corporate customers for their continued existence , and there is an unstated expectation that they will both be fast and produce rulings consistent with corporate expectations ( which in most cases include a [want] to do the research ethically ) .

Even if significant improvements are made in the algorithms used to decode neural activity by , for example , incorporating knowledge from neurophysiological experiments of how motor signals that underlie movements are encoded in the brain , current BMI bandwidth still may not be sufficient to reach the performance level an injured patient would desire .
even if significant improvements are made in the algorithms used to decode neural activity by , for example , incorporating knowledge from neurophysiological experiments of how motor signals that underlie movements are encoded in the brain , current bmi bandwidth still may not be sufficient to reach the performance level an injured patient would [want] .

Several small trials of STIs in chronically infected patients were carried out [ 4 ] , buoyed by the reasonable desire of patients for respite from the unpleasant side effects of the drugs .
several small trials of stis in chronically infected patients were carried out [ 4 ] , buoyed by the reasonable [want] of patients for respite from the unpleasant side effects of the drugs .

As a contributor to the Council in past appeals I know that you are aware of our mission -- -to prepare girls with ethical values , character , a desire to succeed and a commitment to their community .
as a contributor to the council in past appeals i know that you are aware of our mission -- -to prepare girls with ethical values , character , a [want] to succeed and a commitment to their community .

The Maennerchor Society brings together persons who share a desire to provide enduring and generous support for the law school .
the maennerchor society brings together persons who share a [want] to provide enduring and generous support for the law school .

For example : The people of Batavia on the Hopi Reservation in northern Arizona were motivated by their desire to rekindle traditional cultural values among younger generations when , with the help of Futures for Children , they decided to restore traditional terrace gardens at the edge of their village -gardens that had been abandoned for decades .
for example : the people of batavia on the hopi reservation in northern arizona were motivated by their [want] to rekindle traditional cultural values among younger generations when , with the help of futures for children , they decided to restore traditional terrace gardens at the edge of their village -gardens that had been abandoned for decades .

The Maennerchor Society brings together individuals who share a desire to provide enduring and generous support for the law school .
the maennerchor society brings together individuals who share a [want] to provide enduring and generous support for the law school .

The Maennerchor Society brings together persons who share a desire to provide enduring and generous support for the law school .
the maennerchor society brings together persons who share a [want] to provide enduring and generous support for the law school .

The story of our Olympic athletes is one of personal sacrifice , dedication to be the best in the world , and a desire to represent the people of the United States with pride .
the story of our olympic athletes is one of personal sacrifice , dedication to be the best in the world , and a [want] to represent the people of the united states with pride .

The Challenger Scholars Program attempts in a small way to address this crisis by encouraging bright and dedicated students with a desire to extend their knowledge into the classroom as teachers to continue in that career path .
the challenger scholars program attempts in a small way to address this crisis by encouraging bright and dedicated students with a [want] to extend their knowledge into the classroom as teachers to continue in that career path .

He slid into the water next to me and we bobbed up and down smiling and cruising , I trying to assure myself I was still cute and attractive , Ferd called upon to concentrate so long on one person that sexual desire snuck up on him unbidden -- in fact , he would later say , unpermitted in his job as director and animator of our clump of radical patients and victims , since a sexual liaison would reduce his availability to `` listen , handhold , inspire , cajole , hug , solace '' the others he thought in his care .
he slid into the water next to me and we bobbed up and down smiling and cruising , i trying to assure myself i was still cute and attractive , ferd called upon to concentrate so long on one person that sexual [want] snuck up on him unbidden -- in fact , he would later say , unpermitted in his job as director and animator of our clump of radical patients and victims , since a sexual liaison would reduce his availability to `` listen , handhold , inspire , cajole , hug , solace '' the others he thought in his care .

The 19th C invented myriad species of perverse sexual desire , but virtually nothing new in the way of sexual pleasure had been created for millennia .
the 19th c invented myriad species of perverse sexual [want] , but virtually nothing new in the way of sexual pleasure had been created for millennia .

I take from this the conclusion that a desire to integrate different impressions , feelings , or impulses into a self is based on an illusory belief that it is even possible , and therefore that the attempt to integrate is always a failure .
i take from this the conclusion that a [want] to integrate different impressions , feelings , or impulses into a self is based on an illusory belief that it is even possible , and therefore that the attempt to integrate is always a failure .

If this were the case , our shame , the mind 's conclusion that the biological incapacity of the mind to reconcile contradictory thoughts and feelings is to be interpreted as failure and inadequacy qua humanness , when in fact each human faces the same incapacity and deems her/himself a failure , may be inscribed in our `` culture '' as our desire for the Other to allow us an escape from the shame of being unable to do what humans by nature are not really able to do -- to integrate .
if this were the case , our shame , the mind 's conclusion that the biological incapacity of the mind to reconcile contradictory thoughts and feelings is to be interpreted as failure and inadequacy qua humanness , when in fact each human faces the same incapacity and deems her/himself a failure , may be inscribed in our `` culture '' as our [want] for the other to allow us an escape from the shame of being unable to do what humans by nature are not really able to do -- to integrate .

He was occasionally surprised by spacetime warps of desire .
he was occasionally surprised by spacetime warps of [want] .

Mr. Nuola wore his flaxen hair in a flattop and neglected to shave the fine hairs that grew at the top of his Mongolian cheekbones , rendering him more manly in Venison 's eye and even less resistible in the eyes of the a-line skirted girls who gazed with confusing desire at the porcelain skin revealed in the hollow between his clavicles under starchy , not-quite-expertly ironed collars and too-narrow bow ties .
mr. nuola wore his flaxen hair in a flattop and neglected to shave the fine hairs that grew at the top of his mongolian cheekbones , rendering him more manly in venison 's eye and even less resistible in the eyes of the a-line skirted girls who gazed with confusing [want] at the porcelain skin revealed in the hollow between his clavicles under starchy , not-quite-expertly ironed collars and too-narrow bow ties .

You would be like a man who having found copper gives up the desire for gold .
you would be like a man who having found copper gives up the [want] for gold .

This course will examine some of the ways that non/anti-normative sexual desire has created new modes of being and responded to the Law that seeks to channel desire into acceptable activities .
this course will examine some of the ways that non/anti-normative sexual [want] has created new modes of being and responded to the law that seeks to channel [want] into acceptable activities .

There 's an anything-goes quality to even studio pictures that suggests an impatience with old ways of telling stories -- a desire to create a new syntax to capture a new kind of flickering consciousness .
there 's an anything-goes quality to even studio pictures that suggests an impatience with old ways of telling stories -- a [want] to create a new syntax to capture a new kind of flickering consciousness .

Hillary , according to Sheehy , became the brilliant and driven woman she is today out of a desire to avoid becoming her mother , a withdrawn and frustrated housewife .
hillary , according to sheehy , became the brilliant and driven woman she is today out of a [want] to avoid becoming her mother , a withdrawn and frustrated housewife .

The Web site of Mary Anne Mohanraj , whose most recent book , Torn Shapes of Desire , is touted as `` eminently literary , well-written and tasteful '' ( there 's that word again ) .
the web site of mary anne mohanraj , whose most recent book , torn shapes of [want] , is touted as `` eminently literary , well-written and tasteful '' ( there 's that word again ) .

One of James ' trademark innocents , Catherine is acted upon by three titanic forces : her father , Dr. Sloper ( Albert Finney ) , whose express desire to protect a daughter he considers ugly and witless takes the form of ruthless repression ; her aunt , ( Maggie Smith ) , who wishes to weave out of her niece 's life a breathlessly melodramatic romance ; and Morris Townsend ( Ben Chaplin ) , the playboy who has squandered a modest inheritance and now seeks salvation in the form of this unloved , unlovely , and affluent young woman .
one of james ' trademark innocents , catherine is acted upon by three titanic forces : her father , dr. sloper ( albert finney ) , whose express [want] to protect a daughter he considers ugly and witless takes the form of ruthless repression ; her aunt , ( maggie smith ) , who wishes to weave out of her niece 's life a breathlessly melodramatic romance ; and morris townsend ( ben chaplin ) , the playboy who has squandered a modest inheritance and now seeks salvation in the form of this unloved , unlovely , and affluent young woman .

An unseen term , after the after-birth , Emerges : We 're delivered of our dearth , As when today you rose from bed , warm hearth , Promising kettle , desire 's best of health : In the gray distance over a bare heathYou discerned , striding toward you , someone 's death .
an unseen term , after the after-birth , emerges : we 're delivered of our dearth , as when today you rose from bed , warm hearth , promising kettle , [want] 's best of health : in the gray distance over a bare heathyou discerned , striding toward you , someone 's death .

This rather disparate group is tied together by a desire to resist the strictures of studio filmmaking and to advertise that resistance to a discerning audience .
this rather disparate group is tied together by a [want] to resist the strictures of studio filmmaking and to advertise that resistance to a discerning audience .

The Cemetery Gate , `` a peaceful , serene place where people come to remember their loved ones , '' hopes that `` when you leave this place , you will be refreshed , have a new vigor and be resolute in your desire to live your life with full measure . ''
the cemetery gate , `` a peaceful , serene place where people come to remember their loved ones , '' hopes that `` when you leave this place , you will be refreshed , have a new vigor and be resolute in your [want] to live your life with full measure . ''

Close Encounters of the Third Kind came out 20 years ago , when the audience largely consisted of trail-end baby boomers likely to groove to Richard Dreyfuss ' desire to throw off the shackles of adulthood and play .
close encounters of the third kind came out 20 years ago , when the audience largely consisted of trail-end baby boomers likely to groove to richard dreyfuss ' [want] to throw off the shackles of adulthood and play .

Everybody dutifully reports that one factor in the timing of the operation 's onset was the U.S. desire to avoid beginning an operation during the Muslim holiday of Ramadan , which starts this weekend .
everybody dutifully reports that one factor in the timing of the operation 's onset was the u.s. [want] to avoid beginning an operation during the muslim holiday of ramadan , which starts this weekend .

Most correspondents felt sure that they had encountered deep-seated elitism , when actually all they had run into was a playful desire to keep the newspapers fun .
most correspondents felt sure that they had encountered deep-seated elitism , when actually all they had run into was a playful [want] to keep the newspapers fun .

The Washington Post goes with Judiciary Chairman Henry Hyde 's comment Tuesday -- apparently driven by his desire to finish by the end of the year -- that he might narrow the impeachment inquiry by consolidating or dropping some of the 15 potential charges described last week by his committee 's chief investigator .
the washington post goes with judiciary chairman henry hyde 's comment tuesday -- apparently driven by his [want] to finish by the end of the year -- that he might narrow the impeachment inquiry by consolidating or dropping some of the 15 potential charges described last week by his committee 's chief investigator .

Bradley 's desire to solve the problem once and for all is understandable , but his approach is dangerous .
bradley 's [want] to solve the problem once and for all is understandable , but his approach is dangerous .

Poetry also came into eschatology in the movies , as many persons found a liking for Blake 's Milton in the spirited lines : `` Bring me my bow of burning gold/ Bring me my Arrows of Desire ! / Bring me my Spear !
poetry also came into eschatology in the movies , as many persons found a liking for blake 's milton in the spirited lines : `` bring me my bow of burning gold/ bring me my arrows of [want] ! / bring me my spear !

Even today , the SEC continues to limit the kinds of forward-looking statements companies can make , out of a desire to protect individual investors -- whom it considers less serious and financially responsible -- from potentially deceptive statements .
even today , the sec continues to limit the kinds of forward-looking statements companies can make , out of a [want] to protect individual investors -- whom it considers less serious and financially responsible -- from potentially deceptive statements .

In recent years , both the American Film Institute and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association have turned Kazan down for honors that no one disputes are merited by his films , which include East of Eden and A Streetcar Named Desire .
in recent years , both the american film institute and the los angeles film critics association have turned kazan down for honors that no one disputes are merited by his films , which include east of eden and a streetcar named [want] .

Lieberman repeats his desire for a `` stinging censure '' so often that I am beginning to think he likes whips .
lieberman repeats his [want] for a `` stinging censure '' so often that i am beginning to think he likes whips .

Surely it is more dignified to perjure yourself in defence of carnal desire than to condemn love altogether ? ''
surely it is more dignified to perjure yourself in defence of carnal [want] than to condemn love altogether ? ''

Lukewarm reviews for a remake of German director Wim Wenders ' art film Wings of Desire ( 1987 ) .
lukewarm reviews for a remake of german director wim wenders ' art film wings of [want] ( 1987 ) .

Critics napalm the summer 's second Earth-meets-asteroid movie , `` an assault on the eyes , the ears , the brain , common sense and the human desire to be entertained '' ( Roger Ebert , the Chicago Sun-Times ) .
critics napalm the summer 's second earth-meets-asteroid movie , `` an assault on the eyes , the ears , the brain , common sense and the human [want] to be entertained '' ( roger ebert , the chicago sun-times ) .

I am at a loss to explain the media 's ( and public 's ) desire to understand the motives behind Linda Tripp 's tape recordings , as exemplified in the `` Linda Tripp : Victimized or Vicious ? ''
i am at a loss to explain the media 's ( and public 's ) [want] to understand the motives behind linda tripp 's tape recordings , as exemplified in the `` linda tripp : victimized or vicious ? ''

More importantly , my desire to walk into a physical Barnes & Noble shop has diminished .
more importantly , my [want] to walk into a physical barnes & noble shop has diminished .

The editorial writers -- who had insensitively suggested a desire to reduce births of poor black babies in particular -- were savaged by many Inquirer staffers and others as racist advocates of eugenics , even of `` genocide . ''
the editorial writers -- who had insensitively suggested a [want] to reduce births of poor black babies in particular -- were savaged by many inquirer staffers and others as racist advocates of eugenics , even of `` genocide . ''

According to Upjohn , the leading explanation offered by the quitters is that the drug does n't restore the sexual desire or the pleasure they once derived from sex .
according to upjohn , the leading explanation offered by the quitters is that the drug does n't restore the sexual [want] or the pleasure they once derived from sex .

Natural erections are elicited by the neural signaling of nitric acid , which in turn is triggered by some desire , or thought , or external stimuli .
natural erections are elicited by the neural signaling of nitric acid , which in turn is triggered by some [want] , or thought , or external stimuli .

The simplest explanation for this rise might be the desire for a little exercise .
the simplest explanation for this rise might be the [want] for a little exercise .

Like his wife Susan Molinari , who quit last year to become a news anchor on CBS , he said his move was prompted by a desire to spend more time with his family .
like his wife susan molinari , who quit last year to become a news anchor on cbs , he said his move was prompted by a [want] to spend more time with his family .

In fact , such a bargain might be deemed much more ruthless in the Clintons ' case , as the wife 's reason for tolerating her husband 's misbehavior would probably be less a desire to keep up decent appearances than a desire to gain and retain power herself .
in fact , such a bargain might be deemed much more ruthless in the clintons ' case , as the wife 's reason for tolerating her husband 's misbehavior would probably be less a [want] to keep up decent appearances than a [want] to gain and retain power herself .

To be buff but shorn of chest hair is to manifest male vanity and the desire for prolonged adolescence -- two symptoms of male homosexuality , according to the Standard .
to be buff but shorn of chest hair is to manifest male vanity and the [want] for prolonged adolescence -- two symptoms of male homosexuality , according to the standard .

He got married , at 55 , to ( as Jeal put it ) `` a sporting girl whose interest in outdoor comradeship seemed at least as great as her desire for sexual fulfillment , '' and he even managed to beget three children .
he got married , at 55 , to ( as jeal put it ) `` a sporting girl whose interest in outdoor comradeship seemed at least as great as her [want] for sexual fulfillment , '' and he even managed to beget three children .

Baden-Powell considered sexual desire a transitory phase in adolescence , and he was obsessed with self-abuse .
baden-powell considered sexual [want] a transitory phase in adolescence , and he was obsessed with self-abuse .

Regarding Omagh , Britain 's Sunday People said that last year 's bombing by the splinter group Real IRA could easily have derailed the peace process , but `` the desire for peace was too strong for one breakaway IRA group to torpedo it .
regarding omagh , britain 's sunday people said that last year 's bombing by the splinter group real ira could easily have derailed the peace process , but `` the [want] for peace was too strong for one breakaway ira group to torpedo it .

His desire to use literary criticism as a weapon on the side of the oppressed sits athwart the pleasure he takes in letting his mind play over the meaning in a novel or a poem .
his [want] to use literary criticism as a weapon on the side of the oppressed sits athwart the pleasure he takes in letting his mind play over the meaning in a novel or a poem .

Instead , Brown speaks often of her `` passion '' and `` desire '' for good writing .
instead , brown speaks often of her `` passion '' and `` [want] '' for good writing .

Some wonder at the author 's desire to explore the mind of a man who murdered so many , but most are impressed with his results .
some wonder at the author 's [want] to explore the mind of a man who murdered so many , but most are impressed with his results .

Am I being unreasonable to extend my desire to remain incommunicado to the next generation ?
am i being unreasonable to extend my [want] to remain incommunicado to the next generation ?

An example of this can be seen in the scientific research program that I discuss in my book The Mismeasure of Desire : The Science , Theory and Ethics of Sexual Orientation ( Oxford University Press , 1999 ) .
an example of this can be seen in the scientific research program that i discuss in my book the mismeasure of [want] : the science , theory and ethics of sexual orientation ( oxford university press , 1999 ) .

They had an active desire to rid their memory of it .
they had an active [want] to rid their memory of it .

During the Kosovo crisis , which Republicans privately called `` Clinton 's war , '' GOP opposition to intervention stemmed as much from a desire to beat Clinton as from any principle .
during the kosovo crisis , which republicans privately called `` clinton 's war , '' gop opposition to intervention stemmed as much from a [want] to beat clinton as from any principle .

In these days , when even the most softhearted and public-spirited people become venture capitalists , younger readers may find it hard to believe there was ever a time when even an extremely ambitious person , motivated entirely by a desire to do well -- rather than to do good , or to do anything in particular -- might well decide to be a journalist .
in these days , when even the most softhearted and public-spirited people become venture capitalists , younger readers may find it hard to believe there was ever a time when even an extremely ambitious person , motivated entirely by a [want] to do well -- rather than to do good , or to do anything in particular -- might well decide to be a journalist .

I have no desire or expectation that anything romantic will happen on this journey .
i have no [want] or expectation that anything romantic will happen on this journey .

The legitimacy of these goals comes not only from notions of `` social justice '' but also from the desire to offer a more effective educational environment , a more hospitable workplace , or a more effective school system .
the legitimacy of these goals comes not only from notions of `` social justice '' but also from the [want] to offer a more effective educational environment , a more hospitable workplace , or a more effective school system .

Children , trust them , have `` a deep desire to grow up to be like the parents they admire and love . ''
children , trust them , have `` a deep [want] to grow up to be like the parents they admire and love . ''

O'Connor 's desire for a baseball-free Good Friday , on the other hand , is surely heartfelt .
o'connor 's [want] for a baseball-free good friday , on the other hand , is surely heartfelt .

There must have been a strong desire to listen to music while walking or jogging on the sidewalk .
there must have been a strong [want] to listen to music while walking or jogging on the sidewalk .

The reason for this desire is not clear .
the reason for this [want] is not clear .

I thought he showed courtesy , consideration , and a desire to learn .
i thought he showed courtesy , consideration , and a [want] to learn .

It was a part of humanity 's desire to step back from the brink and cool the madness .
it was a part of humanity 's [want] to step back from the brink and cool the madness .

The story Kazin wound up telling in the Forward about Singer recounted the Yiddish writer 's desire to see the grave of Edmund Wilson .
the story kazin wound up telling in the forward about singer recounted the yiddish writer 's [want] to see the grave of edmund wilson .

We seem to desire cheap and anonymous food .
we seem to [want] cheap and anonymous food .

The problem , Keynes wrote , was that `` people desire the moon '' -- a perfectly safe place to store their wealth .
the problem , keynes wrote , was that `` people [want] the moon '' -- a perfectly safe place to store their wealth .

If his theory were true , Edmund Hillary 's ascent of Mount Everest would have been motivated by a desire to test new oxygen tanks , and Joshua Slocum would have circumnavigated the world in order rack up frequent-sailing miles .
if his theory were true , edmund hillary 's ascent of mount everest would have been motivated by a [want] to test new oxygen tanks , and joshua slocum would have circumnavigated the world in order rack up frequent-sailing miles .

An entirely innocent passage from Henry James ( reprinted for us to judge for ourselves ) prompts this from Sedgwick : `` [ The text ] shows how in James a greater self-knowledge and a greater acceptance and specificity of homosexual desire transform this half-conscious enforcing rhetoric of anality , numbness , and silence into a much richer , pregnant address to James 's male muse , an invocation to fisting-as-écriture . ''
an entirely innocent passage from henry james ( reprinted for us to judge for ourselves ) prompts this from sedgwick : `` [ the text ] shows how in james a greater self-knowledge and a greater acceptance and specificity of homosexual [want] transform this half-conscious enforcing rhetoric of anality , numbness , and silence into a much richer , pregnant address to james 's male muse , an invocation to fisting-as-écriture . ''

All except the lord chancellor , although , the Telegraph reassures its readers , `` his request to walk forwards stems from a desire to avoid an accident rather than from any modernising zeal . ''
all except the lord chancellor , although , the telegraph reassures its readers , `` his request to walk forwards stems from a [want] to avoid an accident rather than from any modernising zeal . ''

Even when the pronunciation of a given word was precisely the same as that of the collectors , their desire to indicate the exotic qualities of black speech led them to utilize such misleading and superfluous spellings as wen for `` when , '' fo ' k or fokes for `` folks . ''
even when the pronunciation of a given word was precisely the same as that of the collectors , their [want] to indicate the exotic qualities of black speech led them to utilize such misleading and superfluous spellings as wen for `` when , '' fo ' k or fokes for `` folks . ''

Each of the Republican ads acknowledges and answers the public 's desire to see other issues discussed .
each of the republican ads acknowledges and answers the public 's [want] to see other issues discussed .

Explaining what she meant by `` blackness , '' Morrison listed single motherhood , poverty , saxophone playing , and an uncontrollable desire to eat at McDonald 's .
explaining what she meant by `` blackness , '' morrison listed single motherhood , poverty , saxophone playing , and an uncontrollable [want] to eat at mcdonald 's .

However , if it was the friends ' mistake , we have no desire to embarrass them with their error .
however , if it was the friends ' mistake , we have no [want] to embarrass them with their error .

They may , if they so desire , do additional research .
they may , if they so [want] , do additional research .

An opponent points out that if the desire to die can be controlled with treatment , it should not be taken at face value ; a proponent points out that if the desire to die is caused by reasons other than pain , it should be heeded .
an opponent points out that if the [want] to die can be controlled with treatment , it should not be taken at face value ; a proponent points out that if the [want] to die is caused by reasons other than pain , it should be heeded .

If it is n't , it 's a great way to spur short-term sales , since now the flagging Beanie Baby market will be enlivened by the desire to get in while you can .
if it is n't , it 's a great way to spur short-term sales , since now the flagging beanie baby market will be enlivened by the [want] to get in while you can .

As others follow , they begin to experience the jealousy , desire , and misery of a physical existence ( this is the period in which we are living ) .
as others follow , they begin to experience the jealousy , [want] , and misery of a physical existence ( this is the period in which we are living ) .

The NYT worries that Reno 's desire to protect her own credibility will hinder the effectiveness of her investigation .
the nyt worries that reno 's [want] to protect her own credibility will hinder the effectiveness of her investigation .

Neither of these alternatives will recommend itself to a Congress whose desire to placate high-voting senior citizens is exceeded only by its desire to deliver big tax cuts .
neither of these alternatives will recommend itself to a congress whose [want] to placate high-voting senior citizens is exceeded only by its [want] to deliver big tax cuts .

The players are Clinton ( the object of desire ) , Morris ( the mistress ) , and the Democratic Party ( the wronged wife ) : `` She does n't understand her man , she ca n't fulfill his deepest desire ( to get re-elected ) , she will inevitably drag him down .
the players are clinton ( the object of [want] ) , morris ( the mistress ) , and the democratic party ( the wronged wife ) : `` she does n't understand her man , she ca n't fulfill his deepest [want] ( to get re-elected ) , she will inevitably drag him down .

It blames the scandal on 1 ) Linda Tripp 's desire for a book contract ; 2 ) Lucianne Goldberg 's hatred of the president and lust for attention ; and 3 ) Starr 's self-righteousness .
it blames the scandal on 1 ) linda tripp 's [want] for a book contract ; 2 ) lucianne goldberg 's hatred of the president and lust for attention ; and 3 ) starr 's self-righteousness .

A Streetcar Named Desire ( performed by the San Francisco Opera ) .
a streetcar named [want] ( performed by the san francisco opera ) .

As she told National Public Radio , her desire to study medicine was thwarted by officials who wanted her to remain available for media interviews that stemmed from the photograph 's worldwide fame ; she herself had become a propaganda exhibit .
as she told national public radio , her [want] to study medicine was thwarted by officials who wanted her to remain available for media interviews that stemmed from the photograph 's worldwide fame ; she herself had become a propaganda exhibit .

That is , as Reischauer quickly adds , `` if budget balance is your prime desire and you believe that cuts in discretionary spending are the way to go . ''
that is , as reischauer quickly adds , `` if budget balance is your prime [want] and you believe that cuts in discretionary spending are the way to go . ''

One can understand her desire , then , to continue proving to the world that she 's no longer a loose cannon .
one can understand her [want] , then , to continue proving to the world that she 's no longer a loose cannon .

What he emphasized about himself were his bad habits : his desire to carouse the night away , to run around with women , to sing loudly and drunkenly , and to smoke his head off .
what he emphasized about himself were his bad habits : his [want] to carouse the night away , to run around with women , to sing loudly and drunkenly , and to smoke his head off .

There 's a kind of dignity in Lehrer 's plodding reluctance to opine , in his hangdog humility , in his desire to serve as moderator rather than interrogator .
there 's a kind of dignity in lehrer 's plodding reluctance to opine , in his hangdog humility , in his [want] to serve as moderator rather than interrogator .

A profile portrays George W. Bush as a man driven by the desire to avenge his father and to best the intellectual elite who bugged him in college .
a profile portrays george w. bush as a man driven by the [want] to avenge his father and to best the intellectual elite who bugged him in college .

Armenians ' desire for independence from ( and continued resentment of ) the U.S.S.R. was caused in part by the Soviets ' persecution of church leaders .
armenians ' [want] for independence from ( and continued resentment of ) the u.s.s.r. was caused in part by the soviets ' persecution of church leaders .

Of course Freedom of Neuroses is one of the basic American liberties we celebrate this Independence Day weekend , and people should be free to spend $ 54 to avoid a one-in-855,000 risk if they so desire .
of course freedom of neuroses is one of the basic american liberties we celebrate this independence day weekend , and people should be free to spend $ 54 to avoid a one-in-855,000 risk if they so [want] .

I did n't see the Bill Gates story in Newsweek , but I have been constantly fascinated by his desire to paint himself as a victim , especially in the Internet age .
i did n't see the bill gates story in newsweek , but i have been constantly fascinated by his [want] to paint himself as a victim , especially in the internet age .

What I see in , among other things , techno , is a countercultural impulse -- an implicit desire for something different .
what i see in , among other things , techno , is a countercultural impulse -- an implicit [want] for something different .

Mostly , I do n't see that young people have any sense that things can be different , so the desire stays under the surface .
mostly , i do n't see that young people have any sense that things can be different , so the [want] stays under the surface .

In The Sorcerer 's Stone , he 's tempted by a mirror that shows the viewer 's heart 's desire .
in the sorcerer 's stone , he 's tempted by a mirror that shows the viewer 's heart 's [want] .

Libération , the left-leaning Paris daily , said that the Islamic terrorists 1 ) were much more numerous and resilient than the Algerian government would admit and 2 ) had `` inexhaustible reserves bred by hatred , poverty , and the desire for vengeance . ''
libération , the left-leaning paris daily , said that the islamic terrorists 1 ) were much more numerous and resilient than the algerian government would admit and 2 ) had `` inexhaustible reserves bred by hatred , poverty , and the [want] for vengeance . ''

In Japan , the daily Mainichi Shimbun condemned India in an editorial Thursday for `` foolish actions , which go against the universal desire to wipe such weapons of mass destruction from the face of the Earth . ''
in japan , the daily mainichi shimbun condemned india in an editorial thursday for `` foolish actions , which go against the universal [want] to wipe such weapons of mass destruction from the face of the earth . ''

In Australia , the Age of Melbourne said the tests made `` everyone on this planet feel less safe '' and that India 's `` flaunting of its nuclear credentials comes down to nothing more reputable than a desire for national prestige . ''
in australia , the age of melbourne said the tests made `` everyone on this planet feel less safe '' and that india 's `` flaunting of its nuclear credentials comes down to nothing more reputable than a [want] for national prestige . ''

Neither the WP nor the NYT mentions as a possible Khatemi motivation the desire for eliminating obstacles to Caspian-Sea-based oil deals involving U.S. petroleum companies , now hamstrung by anti-Iranian sanctions .
neither the wp nor the nyt mentions as a possible khatemi motivation the [want] for eliminating obstacles to caspian-sea-based oil deals involving u.s. petroleum companies , now hamstrung by anti-iranian sanctions .

USAT reports that as soon as the Unabomber judge took the bench on Monday , Kaczynski , in a low calm voice asked to `` revisit '' the issue of his attorneys , apparently referring to his desire to jettison them because they still intend to introduce non-medical evidence of his mental instability .
usat reports that as soon as the unabomber judge took the bench on monday , kaczynski , in a low calm voice asked to `` revisit '' the issue of his attorneys , apparently referring to his [want] to jettison them because they still intend to introduce non-medical evidence of his mental instability .

The Journal quotes an academic who says that while not a primary factor in deciding to get married , `` A $ 500 increase in taxes decreases the probability of marriage by 1 % or 2 % , '' and quotes one woman who says she 's just living with her boyfriend despite their desire to marry because she does n't want to give the IRS an additional $ 3,700 .
the journal quotes an academic who says that while not a primary factor in deciding to get married , `` a $ 500 increase in taxes decreases the probability of marriage by 1 % or 2 % , '' and quotes one woman who says she 's just living with her boyfriend despite their [want] to marry because she does n't want to give the irs an additional $ 3,700 .

The Los Angeles Times 's lead is a report that the U.S. strategy of isolating Iran and Iraq from the world community is failing as our allies ' desire to make business deals weakens their support .
the los angeles times 's lead is a report that the u.s. strategy of isolating iran and iraq from the world community is failing as our allies ' [want] to make business deals weakens their support .

Statehood advocates desire the benefits of constitutional citizenship , the federal safety net , and the economic stability that will likely follow .
statehood advocates [want] the benefits of constitutional citizenship , the federal safety net , and the economic stability that will likely follow .

According to the NYT , Bush 's desire to keep Pat in the party , expressed in an Associated Press interview , puts him at odds with Republicans such as John McCain and William Kristol , who feel that Buchanan would do the GOP a favor by leaving .
according to the nyt , bush 's [want] to keep pat in the party , expressed in an associated press interview , puts him at odds with republicans such as john mccain and william kristol , who feel that buchanan would do the gop a favor by leaving .

Perhaps its most emblematic characteristic is its ability to provoke a flustered and ambivalent response in the reader , a horrified sympathy that alternates with a deep desire to distance oneself from the nightmare at hand .
perhaps its most emblematic characteristic is its ability to provoke a flustered and ambivalent response in the reader , a horrified sympathy that alternates with a deep [want] to distance oneself from the nightmare at hand .

Most of all , they share an almost fetishistic desire to re-create a writer 's life sight by sight and smell by smell .
most of all , they share an almost fetishistic [want] to re-create a writer 's life sight by sight and smell by smell .

Siegelbaum wants to kill the man for revealing his hidden desire .
siegelbaum wants to kill the man for revealing his hidden [want] .

For his first film , A Streetcar Named Desire ( 1951 ) , North wrote Hollywood 's first jazz soundtrack , the musical embodiment of New Orleans ' moist , hot nights .
for his first film , a streetcar named [want] ( 1951 ) , north wrote hollywood 's first jazz soundtrack , the musical embodiment of new orleans ' moist , hot nights .

Take North 's celebrated score for A Streetcar Named Desire : The score 's brilliance lies in the way the languorous New Orleans jazz , redolent of sin , plumes out of the dive up the street from the Kowalskis ' , curls along the block , and squeezes itself through a radio .
take north 's celebrated score for a streetcar named [want] : the score 's brilliance lies in the way the languorous new orleans jazz , redolent of sin , plumes out of the dive up the street from the kowalskis ' , curls along the block , and squeezes itself through a radio .

Fashion was born to stand for both unslaked personal desire and unappeased personal dread ; it reflects our modern devotion to the fragile trajectory of an individual life .
fashion was born to stand for both unslaked personal [want] and unappeased personal dread ; it reflects our modern devotion to the fragile trajectory of an individual life .

Everybody knows that the pageant is about America 's Sweetheart , the girl whose earnest desire to do good in the world and do well in her work is most purely embodied in her lovely face and perfect figure .
everybody knows that the pageant is about america 's sweetheart , the girl whose earnest [want] to do good in the world and do well in her work is most purely embodied in her lovely face and perfect figure .

To her way of thinking no nonessential spending , no desire to possess things , can ever be innocent or morally neutral .
to her way of thinking no nonessential spending , no [want] to possess things , can ever be innocent or morally neutral .

We seem to believe that all human action is motivated not by the desire to know or improve the lot of humankind , but only by the basest motives of greed , power , and self-aggrandizement .
we seem to believe that all human action is motivated not by the [want] to know or improve the lot of humankind , but only by the basest motives of greed , power , and self-aggrandizement .

Behavior in the Human Male , in its `` impulse toward acceptance and liberation , the broad and generous desire for others not to be harshly judged . ''
behavior in the human male , in its `` impulse toward acceptance and liberation , the broad and generous [want] for others not to be harshly judged . ''

While Lukacs is right to point out that Hitler `` was contemptuous of [ the bourgeoisie 's ] caution , of their thrift , ... of their desire for safety , '' Hitler did not crush their political parties and send them in droves to labor camps -- this fate he reserved for the organized working class .
while lukacs is right to point out that hitler `` was contemptuous of [ the bourgeoisie 's ] caution , of their thrift , ... of their [want] for safety , '' hitler did not crush their political parties and send them in droves to labor camps -- this fate he reserved for the organized working class .

I fear that , if it meant avoiding widespread economic dislocations , most people would be happy to consummate their desire to commune with plants and animals with a visit to a golf course stocked with a few pandas and eagles .
i fear that , if it meant avoiding widespread economic dislocations , most people would be happy to consummate their [want] to commune with plants and animals with a visit to a golf course stocked with a few pandas and eagles .

He struggled between guilty duty and his growing desire to be a poet .
he struggled between guilty duty and his growing [want] to be a poet .

Perhaps the most shocking fact revealed in Cagney is the actor 's lifelong secret desire to leave Hollywood and go into agriculture .
perhaps the most shocking fact revealed in cagney is the actor 's lifelong secret [want] to leave hollywood and go into agriculture .

Late Edition 's Frank Sesno cited his desire to spend more time with his wife and children as one of the reasons he had decided to step down as host of the show .
late edition 's frank sesno cited his [want] to spend more time with his wife and children as one of the reasons he had decided to step down as host of the show .

That is , avarice -- not a desire to protect children -- is firmly in the driver 's seat .
that is , avarice -- not a [want] to protect children -- is firmly in the driver 's seat .

Maybe we should n't encourage Clinton 's desire to embrace strangers , chortles Tony Blankley ( Late Edition ) .
maybe we should n't encourage clinton 's [want] to embrace strangers , chortles tony blankley ( late edition ) .

Indiana University Press is publishing The Art of Desire : Erotic Treasures From the Kinsey Institute , an exhibition catalog accompanying the first survey of the erotica collected by the institute over the past 50 years .
indiana university press is publishing the art of [want] : erotic treasures from the kinsey institute , an exhibition catalog accompanying the first survey of the erotica collected by the institute over the past 50 years .

Barnum of the Postmodern World '' and `` Of Angels and Pig-Faced Ladies : Disordering Victorian Desire . ''
barnum of the postmodern world '' and `` of angels and pig-faced ladies : disordering victorian [want] . ''

Khatami 's huge mandate is a clear sign of the Iranian electorate 's desire for change and may become a significant landmark in the country 's history .
khatami 's huge mandate is a clear sign of the iranian electorate 's [want] for change and may become a significant landmark in the country 's history .

However , given the size of Khatami 's mandate , Khamenei may conclude that the desire for easing social and cultural restrictions is compelling enough , and opt to assist the new president in overcoming conservative opponents .
however , given the size of khatami 's mandate , khamenei may conclude that the [want] for easing social and cultural restrictions is compelling enough , and opt to assist the new president in overcoming conservative opponents .

No matter that some folks have a bigger lawn , these images are meant to say : What matters is heart , the desire to do good .
no matter that some folks have a bigger lawn , these images are meant to say : what matters is heart , the [want] to do good .

My favorite episode : A burglar is shot dead while fleeing a crime scene and is transported to a wondrous place where every desire is immediately indulged -- hot babes as far as the eye can see .
my favorite episode : a burglar is shot dead while fleeing a crime scene and is transported to a wondrous place where every [want] is immediately indulged -- hot babes as far as the eye can see .

Yes , managed care is a good way to squeeze some fat out of the system , but the rising costs are simply a reflection of America 's cultural desire for higher standards of quality of life , and the astonishing technologies that are making it possible .
yes , managed care is a good way to squeeze some fat out of the system , but the rising costs are simply a reflection of america 's cultural [want] for higher standards of quality of life , and the astonishing technologies that are making it possible .

On the Internet , it seems connected with the desire to lead a fantasy life .
on the internet , it seems connected with the [want] to lead a fantasy life .

Though I have never been seized by a desire to lead the armies of Satan in a final , bloody confrontation with the forces of God on the plain of Armageddon , I do suffer from aggravated dyspepsia , as well as chronic malaise , conditions that I 'm sure afflict the Antichrist .
though i have never been seized by a [want] to lead the armies of satan in a final , bloody confrontation with the forces of god on the plain of armageddon , i do suffer from aggravated dyspepsia , as well as chronic malaise , conditions that i 'm sure afflict the antichrist .

Le Figaro of Paris agreed that Jospin would be weakened , but in an editorial congratulated both Strauss-Kahn on his `` panache '' in resigning so quickly , and the French people on their desire `` that Latin societies behave more and more like Anglo-Saxon ones in demanding responsibility and probity from their leaders . ''
le figaro of paris agreed that jospin would be weakened , but in an editorial congratulated both strauss-kahn on his `` panache '' in resigning so quickly , and the french people on their [want] `` that latin societies behave more and more like anglo-saxon ones in demanding responsibility and probity from their leaders . ''

It may seem a little thing , but imbued with the Orwellian desire to combat imprecise language that makes lies sound truthful and murder respectable , `` Today 's Papers '' would urge the WP to rewrite such stories thus : `` ... whose license was revoked after he crashed into a car , killing a teenage motorist ... . '' And to put it under a headline like : `` Driver of Truck Who Killed Teen is Cited With New Violation . ''
it may seem a little thing , but imbued with the orwellian [want] to combat imprecise language that makes lies sound truthful and murder respectable , `` today 's papers '' would urge the wp to rewrite such stories thus : `` ... whose license was revoked after he crashed into a car , killing a teenage motorist ... . '' and to put it under a headline like : `` driver of truck who killed teen is cited with new violation . ''

Both the WP and the NYT mention President Clinton 's dismissal of Saddam 's desire to exempt certain `` presidential '' sites from weapons inspection .
both the wp and the nyt mention president clinton 's dismissal of saddam 's [want] to exempt certain `` presidential '' sites from weapons inspection .

The Los Angeles Times goes with the Clinton administration 's desire to drop the annual process of certifying that Mexico and other nations are cooperating in the drug war in favor of setting up an international anti-drug alliance that such countries would join .
the los angeles times goes with the clinton administration 's [want] to drop the annual process of certifying that mexico and other nations are cooperating in the drug war in favor of setting up an international anti-drug alliance that such countries would join .

The NYT says that the timing of the announcement was driven by Clinton 's desire to dramatize government action in the wake of the Arkansas schoolyard shootings , even though none of the types of weapons used there are affected by the decision .
the nyt says that the timing of the announcement was driven by clinton 's [want] to dramatize government action in the wake of the arkansas schoolyard shootings , even though none of the types of weapons used there are affected by the decision .

It is the ultimate answer to Sapper 's kettle , because its form was generated by the desire to make it extremely difficult for users to burn their fingers .
it is the ultimate answer to sapper 's kettle , because its form was generated by the [want] to make it extremely difficult for users to burn their fingers .

Because in sports we discover a dramatic metaphor for our desire to move into new terrain and reach goals that can be statistically measured ?
because in sports we discover a dramatic metaphor for our [want] to move into new terrain and reach goals that can be statistically measured ?

Levinthal 's soft-focus experiments with '50s bathing-beauty dolls posing on piles of sand ( `` American Beauties , '' [ 1989-90 ] ) and Japanese mail-order bondage toys ( `` Desire , '' [ 1990-91 ] ) do n't go much beyond the genres they mimic .
levinthal 's soft-focus experiments with '50s bathing-beauty dolls posing on piles of sand ( `` american beauties , '' [ 1989-90 ] ) and japanese mail-order bondage toys ( `` [want] , '' [ 1990-91 ] ) do n't go much beyond the genres they mimic .

Astrong desire to make economics less like a science and more like literary criticism is a surprisingly common attribute of anti-academic writers on the subject .
astrong [want] to make economics less like a science and more like literary criticism is a surprisingly common attribute of anti-academic writers on the subject .

In the short run , he asserted , interest rates were determined not by the balance between savings and investment at full employment but by `` liquidity preference '' -- the public 's desire to hold cash unless offered a sufficient incentive to invest in less safe and convenient assets .
in the short run , he asserted , interest rates were determined not by the balance between savings and investment at full employment but by `` liquidity preference '' -- the public 's [want] to hold cash unless offered a sufficient incentive to invest in less safe and convenient assets .

The starting point for panic theory is the observation that there is a tension between the desire of individuals for flexibility -- the ability to spend whenever they feel like it -- and the economic payoff to commitment , to sticking with long-term projects until they are finished .
the starting point for panic theory is the observation that there is a tension between the [want] of individuals for flexibility -- the ability to spend whenever they feel like it -- and the economic payoff to commitment , to sticking with long-term projects until they are finished .

Since `` no other Republican candidate of [ Brulte 's ] political stature has indicated a desire to get into [ the ] contest , '' Ayres wrote back then , `` Republican leaders say the district ... may not be such an easy target . ''
since `` no other republican candidate of [ brulte 's ] political stature has indicated a [want] to get into [ the ] contest , '' ayres wrote back then , `` republican leaders say the district ... may not be such an easy target . ''

Throughout the story , Ellison uses the symbol of horns , investing them with a number of meanings relating to sexual desire ( the horny young boys ) , artistic creation ( the instrument of jazz ) , and masculinity ( the symbol of a bull ) .
throughout the story , ellison uses the symbol of horns , investing them with a number of meanings relating to sexual [want] ( the horny young boys ) , artistic creation ( the instrument of jazz ) , and masculinity ( the symbol of a bull ) .

A raw leg of mutton in the foreground of one of the paintings matches the couple 's tired flesh while a stove burns brightly -- Stanley 's repressed desire , perhaps -- in the background .
a raw leg of mutton in the foreground of one of the paintings matches the couple 's tired flesh while a stove burns brightly -- stanley 's repressed [want] , perhaps -- in the background .

Did the artist mean to imply an erotic side of Christ , a mortification of human desire rewarded by bodily resurrection ?
did the artist mean to imply an erotic side of christ , a mortification of human [want] rewarded by bodily resurrection ?

When you enter the current show at the Museum of Modern Art , titled `` Objects of Desire : The Modern Still Life , '' you find yourself in a small white room with only one painting on the wall , Cézanne 's Still Life With a Ginger Jar and Eggplants ( 1890-94 ) .
when you enter the current show at the museum of modern art , titled `` objects of [want] : the modern still life , '' you find yourself in a small white room with only one painting on the wall , cézanne 's still life with a ginger jar and eggplants ( 1890-94 ) .

One aim of `` Objects of Desire '' is to show how the same objects in the limited repertory of still life -- wine bottles and fruits , pipes and shaving kits -- take on very different meanings , public and private , over time .
one aim of `` objects of [want] '' is to show how the same objects in the limited repertory of still life -- wine bottles and fruits , pipes and shaving kits -- take on very different meanings , public and private , over time .

She challenged the ugly human desire to be towering and dominant .
she challenged the ugly human [want] to be towering and dominant .

To his credit , Stross does grasp what 's right at Microsoft : the hard-boiled meritocracy that makes rich those who contribute to it ; Bill Gates ' prediction that consumers , not just large businesses , would jump at the chance to own computers ; and his -- and his company 's -- driving desire to outsmart and outfox the competition .
to his credit , stross does grasp what 's right at microsoft : the hard-boiled meritocracy that makes rich those who contribute to it ; bill gates ' prediction that consumers , not just large businesses , would jump at the chance to own computers ; and his -- and his company 's -- driving [want] to outsmart and outfox the competition .

It was , of course , about excesses -- of desire , of meaning , of emptiness -- that Lacan wrote so eloquently .
it was , of course , about excesses -- of [want] , of meaning , of emptiness -- that lacan wrote so eloquently .

Chief among his many conquests is Olivia , his current girlfriend , a beauty who enthralls him by night in the ramshackle mansion he 's never bothered to fix up and disappoints him by day in her modest desire for a career no greater than that of a nurse 's aide .
chief among his many conquests is olivia , his current girlfriend , a beauty who enthralls him by night in the ramshackle mansion he 's never bothered to fix up and disappoints him by day in her modest [want] for a career no greater than that of a nurse 's aide .

Wolf 's new book , like her pet theme of `` desire , '' is extremely hard to pin down and , once in a while , even embarrassing .
wolf 's new book , like her pet theme of `` [want] , '' is extremely hard to pin down and , once in a while , even embarrassing .

There are also some scattered minihistories of female desire among Taoists and among the Zunis of New Mexico , which are provocative ( a 19 th -century Zuni ceremony celebrating the superiority of the vulva required men to don huge wooden penises ) but feel as if they were cribbed in a 45-minute visit to the library .
there are also some scattered minihistories of female [want] among taoists and among the zunis of new mexico , which are provocative ( a 19 th -century zuni ceremony celebrating the superiority of the vulva required men to don huge wooden penises ) but feel as if they were cribbed in a 45-minute visit to the library .

Wolf 's fixation on desire is n't so much an idea as a good intention , an attempt to make feminism feel less like a complaint -- to give women equal rights not just to a job but to ecstasy .
wolf 's fixation on [want] is n't so much an idea as a good intention , an attempt to make feminism feel less like a complaint -- to give women equal rights not just to a job but to ecstasy .

Desire is a tricky , multifaceted thing .
[want] is a tricky , multifaceted thing .

Wolf mixes up all these types of desire but , too often , her recollections fall under the heady province of idle , juvenile Desire No .
wolf mixes up all these types of [want] but , too often , her recollections fall under the heady province of idle , juvenile [want] no .

For someone writing on desire , Wolf , curiously , has a good deal of trouble describing the actual experience of letting loose .
for someone writing on [want] , wolf , curiously , has a good deal of trouble describing the actual experience of letting loose .

Yet , after a while , all this going on about how girls are not allowed to feel desire begins to feel like a kind of nostalgic fantasy .
yet , after a while , all this going on about how girls are not allowed to feel [want] begins to feel like a kind of nostalgic fantasy .

I suppose it 's only fair that girls win equal rights to good old , solipsistic Desire No .
i suppose it 's only fair that girls win equal rights to good old , solipsistic [want] no .

A calculated civic boosterism ( so exuberant that the city 's chamber of commerce slogan was once `` Charlotte -- A Good Place to Make Money '' ) has spurred the city 's desire to appear enlightened .
a calculated civic boosterism ( so exuberant that the city 's chamber of commerce slogan was once `` charlotte -- a good place to make money '' ) has spurred the city 's [want] to appear enlightened .

I am leery of this desire to extend the category of `` intellectual '' in all sorts of directions away from those with a vocation to scholarship or writing .
i am leery of this [want] to extend the category of `` intellectual '' in all sorts of directions away from those with a vocation to scholarship or writing .

Banks does not , in the end , succumb to the desire to include everyone who ever had an idea .
banks does not , in the end , succumb to the [want] to include everyone who ever had an idea .

He compares the films ( and Eastwood 's masculine posing ) to the modern-jazz manner , `` a powerful desire -- almost amounting to a morality -- not to woo the audience ... a profound desire not to make what he does look costly to him , emotionally or intellectually . ''
he compares the films ( and eastwood 's masculine posing ) to the modern-jazz manner , `` a powerful [want] -- almost amounting to a morality -- not to woo the audience ... a profound [want] not to make what he does look costly to him , emotionally or intellectually . ''

I do n't want to make too much of my complaints , given that , in my little circle of friends , no error or misjudgment on Roth 's part appears to have inhibited anyone 's desire to subject American Pastoral to analytic vivisection .
i do n't want to make too much of my complaints , given that , in my little circle of friends , no error or misjudgment on roth 's part appears to have inhibited anyone 's [want] to subject american pastoral to analytic vivisection .

Sometimes the desire to work out an idea -- as in the large-scale panel picture According to What ( 1964 ) , which presents a series of Johns ' customary images in a deliberately decentered composition -- produces a flaccid surface .
sometimes the [want] to work out an idea -- as in the large-scale panel picture according to what ( 1964 ) , which presents a series of johns ' customary images in a deliberately decentered composition -- produces a flaccid surface .

Toobin writes that `` greed , '' in the form of a `` desire to write books about the president 's sex life '' motivated Isikoff and other Clinton `` enemies ... to act as they did . ''
toobin writes that `` greed , '' in the form of a `` [want] to write books about the president 's sex life '' motivated isikoff and other clinton `` enemies ... to act as they did . ''

Am I motivated to criticize Toobin in part by a desire to defend Isikoff from the slime in Vast Conspiracy ?
am i motivated to criticize toobin in part by a [want] to defend isikoff from the slime in vast conspiracy ?

The piece does not speculate on what 's holding the IRA back : internal dissent , desire to alter the details of the signed agreement , or sheer bad faith .
the piece does not speculate on what 's holding the ira back : internal dissent , [want] to alter the details of the signed agreement , or sheer bad faith .

On Monday you expressed a desire to antagonize the `` Fray '' and I do n't know about you , but I 've been somewhat disappointed in our results .
on monday you expressed a [want] to antagonize the `` fray '' and i do n't know about you , but i 've been somewhat disappointed in our results .

There was nothing startling about the arguments of Craig T. Palmer and Randy Thornhill ( author of a famous study on beauty arguing that throughout world cultures , men and women prize symmetrical features , which correspond to genetic health ) : Rape , they say , is either a direct reproductive strategy -- what men resort to when all else fails -- or the byproduct of other reproductive strategies , `` such as a strong male sex drive and the male desire to mate with a variety of women . ''
there was nothing startling about the arguments of craig t. palmer and randy thornhill ( author of a famous study on beauty arguing that throughout world cultures , men and women prize symmetrical features , which correspond to genetic health ) : rape , they say , is either a direct reproductive strategy -- what men resort to when all else fails -- or the byproduct of other reproductive strategies , `` such as a strong male sex drive and the male [want] to mate with a variety of women . ''

In another likely Clinton parallel , the two of them have a long history of hurting each other that makes it impossible for them to get the important stuff out there , even though their desire to do so is palpable .
in another likely clinton parallel , the two of them have a long history of hurting each other that makes it impossible for them to get the important stuff out there , even though their [want] to do so is palpable .

The drugs play on the inevitable -- some say genetic -- human desire for youth and immortality .
the drugs play on the inevitable -- some say genetic -- human [want] for youth and immortality .

The desire for reinvention seems to arise most often when companies hear the siren call of synergy and start to expand beyond their core businesses .
the [want] for reinvention seems to arise most often when companies hear the siren call of synergy and start to expand beyond their core businesses .

Interestingly , a German study found that up to half of the castrated men still could have erections and sex , but their desire was weakened or even extinguished .
interestingly , a german study found that up to half of the castrated men still could have erections and sex , but their [want] was weakened or even extinguished .

Like Mark Twain , who said that `` suicide is the only sane thing the young or old ever do in this life , '' we imagine that the elderly and the ill desire death rationally .
like mark twain , who said that `` suicide is the only sane thing the young or old ever do in this life , '' we imagine that the elderly and the ill [want] death rationally .

Button 's suicide also shows how , even in peculiar cases , the desire to die arises from one 's individual history and psychology .
button 's suicide also shows how , even in peculiar cases , the [want] to die arises from one 's individual history and psychology .

These leptin findings imply that hormones and neurotransmitters control the instinctual desire to eat , overwhelming willpower in the process .
these leptin findings imply that hormones and neurotransmitters control the instinctual [want] to eat , overwhelming willpower in the process .

What seems clear is that the desire to get a higher stock market valuation , combined with a history of refusing to defend itself honestly , pushed the tobacco industry to the negotiating table .
what seems clear is that the [want] to get a higher stock market valuation , combined with a history of refusing to defend itself honestly , pushed the tobacco industry to the negotiating table .

Redstone 's desire to remake the company -- and to placate shareholders , who have been disenchanted with Viacom for two years now -- outweighed tax considerations .
redstone 's [want] to remake the company -- and to placate shareholders , who have been disenchanted with viacom for two years now -- outweighed tax considerations .

That 's what Bill Gates has always wanted , after all , and that desire has made Microsoft into one of the world 's most profitable companies .
that 's what bill gates has always wanted , after all , and that [want] has made microsoft into one of the world 's most profitable companies .

As part of its desire to focus on its core , UP spun off UPR two years ago .
as part of its [want] to focus on its core , up spun off upr two years ago .

Underlying Sara Lee CEO John Bryan 's avid embrace of what he called `` de-verticalization '' was a confused combination of reasonable assumptions , misplaced analogies , and an overwhelming desire to cater to Wall Street 's desires -- all packaged with the obligatory rhetorical appeal to the demands of the market .
underlying sara lee ceo john bryan 's avid embrace of what he called `` de-verticalization '' was a confused combination of reasonable assumptions , misplaced analogies , and an overwhelming [want] to cater to wall street 's desires -- all packaged with the obligatory rhetorical appeal to the demands of the market .

The Big Three did n't give up on it because of just-in-time manufacturing or Japanese business models or a desire to focus on the brand .
the big three did n't give up on it because of just-in-time manufacturing or japanese business models or a [want] to focus on the brand .

The Post asks whether Bradley 's criticisms of Gore 's policies belie Bradley 's professed `` rectitude , '' his `` desire to be super-clean , '' and `` his image as an above-the-fray politician . ''
the post asks whether bradley 's criticisms of gore 's policies belie bradley 's professed `` rectitude , '' his `` [want] to be super-clean , '' and `` his image as an above-the-fray politician . ''

That 's either a delusion of grandeur or an elevation of your own desire for satisfaction above the recipients ' need for food .
that 's either a delusion of grandeur or an elevation of your own [want] for satisfaction above the recipients ' need for food .

Even though most readers found Chatterbox 's curiosity about the racial covenant on Bush 's former residence to be prurient and irresponsible , Chatterbox continues to desire a fuller explanation from the candidate about it .
even though most readers found chatterbox 's curiosity about the racial covenant on bush 's former residence to be prurient and irresponsible , chatterbox continues to [want] a fuller explanation from the candidate about it .

Those who argue that Clinton will compromise -- i.e. , sign a tax cut greater than the $ 300 billion ceiling he now demands -- point to several signs , such as ( a ) Al Gore 's release of a modest tax cut proposal this week , ( b ) Clinton 's desire to make a deal with the GOP on entitlement reform , and ( c ) the eagerness of some Senate Democrats to be seen as tax-cutters before election time ( Bob Novak , of CNN 's Capitol Gang ; Susan Page and Tucker Carlson , of CNN 's Late Edition ; and Paul Gigot , of PBS 's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) .
those who argue that clinton will compromise -- i.e. , sign a tax cut greater than the $ 300 billion ceiling he now demands -- point to several signs , such as ( a ) al gore 's release of a modest tax cut proposal this week , ( b ) clinton 's [want] to make a deal with the gop on entitlement reform , and ( c ) the eagerness of some senate democrats to be seen as tax-cutters before election time ( bob novak , of cnn 's capitol gang ; susan page and tucker carlson , of cnn 's late edition ; and paul gigot , of pbs 's newshour with jim lehrer ) .

My vague desire to live in Africa got swapped , unfairly I felt , for my wife 's even vaguer one to live in Asia .
my vague [want] to live in africa got swapped , unfairly i felt , for my wife 's even vaguer one to live in asia .

Observers called the tapes chilling , pointing to the killers ' 1 ) fascination with weapons and violent video games ; 2 ) prescience about the lasting effect of their actions ; and 3 ) desire for fame .
observers called the tapes chilling , pointing to the killers ' 1 ) fascination with weapons and violent video games ; 2 ) prescience about the lasting effect of their actions ; and 3 ) [want] for fame .

It called this a `` spectacular '' affirmation of Europe 's desire `` to exist by itself , without the help of the United States , '' going far beyond present forms of military cooperation among European countries .
it called this a `` spectacular '' affirmation of europe 's [want] `` to exist by itself , without the help of the united states , '' going far beyond present forms of military cooperation among european countries .

Turkey 's desire to join the European club has hitherto been thwarted by its historic enemy Greece ( already a member ) and by European concerns about its human rights record .
turkey 's [want] to join the european club has hitherto been thwarted by its historic enemy greece ( already a member ) and by european concerns about its human rights record .

It concluded that they will have to go , because `` peace under reasonable conditions is more important than the desire to ease the pain of the settlers who are evacuated from their homes . ''
it concluded that they will have to go , because `` peace under reasonable conditions is more important than the [want] to ease the pain of the settlers who are evacuated from their homes . ''

The vice president 's effort to portray Bradley as a latter-day Newt Gingrich is unconvincing considering that Bradley is frank about his desire to spend a lot of tax dollars expanding the availability of federal health insurance .
the vice president 's effort to portray bradley as a latter-day newt gingrich is unconvincing considering that bradley is frank about his [want] to spend a lot of tax dollars expanding the availability of federal health insurance .

The Jerusalem Post 's editorial criticized the desire of `` considerable numbers of Israelis '' to negate the influence of Israeli Arab votes in an eventual referendum on the return of the Golan Heights to Syria .
the jerusalem post 's editorial criticized the [want] of `` considerable numbers of israelis '' to negate the influence of israeli arab votes in an eventual referendum on the return of the golan heights to syria .

Again , whether or not I 'm correct in my analysis , there 's nothing racist about arguing that a member of a minority group -- whether a Democrat or a Republican -- has benefited from a desire for diversity .
again , whether or not i 'm correct in my analysis , there 's nothing racist about arguing that a member of a minority group -- whether a democrat or a republican -- has benefited from a [want] for diversity .

Opponents say this desire indicates `` a strange psychological state . ''
opponents say this [want] indicates `` a strange psychological state . ''

The Hindu of Madras quotes Vajpayee 's suggestion that `` the running of the bus between the two countries symbolizes the desire of the people to improve relations . ''
the hindu of madras quotes vajpayee 's suggestion that `` the running of the bus between the two countries symbolizes the [want] of the people to improve relations . ''

Viewed from this angle , Harris and Klebold 's rampage can be interpreted as an extreme desire to join a community whose values they had bought into .
viewed from this angle , harris and klebold 's rampage can be interpreted as an extreme [want] to join a community whose values they had bought into .

Giddily promoting online shopping for Mothers Day , Yahoo reduces every mom to 18 categories of desire , each linked to shopping opportunities .
giddily promoting online shopping for mothers day , yahoo reduces every mom to 18 categories of [want] , each linked to shopping opportunities .

On ranches , border collie puppies are taken from the litter and tested for their instinctual desire to herd sheep .
on ranches , border collie puppies are taken from the litter and tested for their instinctual [want] to herd sheep .

Opponents say this desire indicates `` a strange psychological state . ''
opponents say this [want] indicates `` a strange psychological state . ''

It strikes this conservative African-American as bordering on liberal racism for Jacob Weisberg to ask , as he does in this response to Watts ' press secretary , if Rep. Watts would have been chosen to give the Republican response to President Clinton 's election and to speak at the San Diego Convention in 1996 if he had been white and to assert that `` there 's nothing racist about arguing that a member of a minority group -- whether a Democrat or a Republican -- has benefited from a desire for diversity . ''
it strikes this conservative african-american as bordering on liberal racism for jacob weisberg to ask , as he does in this response to watts ' press secretary , if rep. watts would have been chosen to give the republican response to president clinton 's election and to speak at the san diego convention in 1996 if he had been white and to assert that `` there 's nothing racist about arguing that a member of a minority group -- whether a democrat or a republican -- has benefited from a [want] for diversity . ''

The one remaining question is that of currency speculation -- fear of speculators , not the desire for efficiency , is what has led Argentina to talk seriously about replacing pesos with dollars and made dollarization at least a topic of discussion elsewhere in Latin America .
the one remaining question is that of currency speculation -- fear of speculators , not the [want] for efficiency , is what has led argentina to talk seriously about replacing pesos with dollars and made dollarization at least a topic of discussion elsewhere in latin america .

This is not to say there is n't a way out of this conflict between desire and design .
this is not to say there is n't a way out of this conflict between [want] and design .

If your desire is to spend forever with Fred , tell him so -- bluntly -- with no allusion to marriage .
if your [want] is to spend forever with fred , tell him so -- bluntly -- with no allusion to marriage .

If the relationship is over -- no matter that he done you wrong -- let everything be over , including the spiteful desire to get even .
if the relationship is over -- no matter that he done you wrong -- let everything be over , including the spiteful [want] to get even .

These managers are chided for lacking experience , competence , and the desire to adapt their companies to the market .
these managers are chided for lacking experience , competence , and the [want] to adapt their companies to the market .

White House officials say their rigorous assertion of the attorney-client privilege is driven by a desire to prevent future incursions on the privacy of conversations between the first family and its lawyers .
white house officials say their rigorous assertion of the attorney-client privilege is driven by a [want] to prevent future incursions on the privacy of conversations between the first family and its lawyers .

Alec especially worships Marlon Brando , quoting incessantly from On the Waterfront and playing Stanley Kowalski in the Broadway revival of A Streetcar Named Desire .
alec especially worships marlon brando , quoting incessantly from on the waterfront and playing stanley kowalski in the broadway revival of a streetcar named [want] .

Conservatives are free to defer to the president on ambassadors and secretaries of Commerce , but not on chairpersons of the NEA and surgeons general , if they so desire .
conservatives are free to defer to the president on ambassadors and secretaries of commerce , but not on chairpersons of the nea and surgeons general , if they so [want] .

Its customers will be free not to read Slate if they so desire .
its customers will be free not to read slate if they so [want] .

I ca n't prove that he is motivated by the quest for fame and power rather than the desire to get at the truth .
i ca n't prove that he is motivated by the quest for fame and power rather than the [want] to get at the truth .

In short , we realized , our lawyer 's efforts were futile : There was a perfect inverse correlation between our desire to publish the article and our legal ability to do so .
in short , we realized , our lawyer 's efforts were futile : there was a perfect inverse correlation between our [want] to publish the article and our legal ability to do so .

The Supreme Court might not cooperate in rejecting the administration 's public position and embracing its secret desire .
the supreme court might not cooperate in rejecting the administration 's public position and embracing its secret [want] .

Perhaps after a hundred years of skirts that liberate and expose , women will again feel the desire for fullness , drag , and bulk in their skirts ; for the chance to swish , trail , and sweep ; to swing heavy fabric from the hips ; maybe even to lift heavy folds in front of the belly -- or simply to have another way of muffling unsatisfactory legs with something that is n't pants .
perhaps after a hundred years of skirts that liberate and expose , women will again feel the [want] for fullness , drag , and bulk in their skirts ; for the chance to swish , trail , and sweep ; to swing heavy fabric from the hips ; maybe even to lift heavy folds in front of the belly -- or simply to have another way of muffling unsatisfactory legs with something that is n't pants .

Evidently , this desire is not universal at the paper , however ; for the second day in a row , the op-ed page runs three Diana screeds . )
evidently , this [want] is not universal at the paper , however ; for the second day in a row , the op-ed page runs three diana screeds . )

The Goldmans were invited by People magazine , whose editors graciously passed along to White House aides the family 's desire to meet President Clinton .
the goldmans were invited by people magazine , whose editors graciously passed along to white house aides the family 's [want] to meet president clinton .

Clinton 's desire to please was a classic symptom of codependency , but those who recognized it as such probably felt closer to him when he acknowledged it .
clinton 's [want] to please was a classic symptom of codependency , but those who recognized it as such probably felt closer to him when he acknowledged it .

People who were not conversant in the language of recovery might see in his desire to please a talent for compromise -- an essential political art .
people who were not conversant in the language of recovery might see in his [want] to please a talent for compromise -- an essential political art .

There is at least one hopeful finding though : college educated women are more than twice as likely not to suffer from lack of sexual desire as those who did not complete high school , and men who complete college also tend to complete something else , suffering much less premature ejaculation than male high school dropouts .
there is at least one hopeful finding though : college educated women are more than twice as likely not to suffer from lack of sexual [want] as those who did not complete high school , and men who complete college also tend to complete something else , suffering much less premature ejaculation than male high school dropouts .

The paper attributes this to the steep decline in the number of people on welfare , the states ' slowness to develop new welfare programs , and their desire to save money for the next recession .
the paper attributes this to the steep decline in the number of people on welfare , the states ' slowness to develop new welfare programs , and their [want] to save money for the next recession .

The WSJ offers a domestic political reason for this continued intransigence : a desire not to hurt Democratic prospects in Florida in the 2000 presidential election .
the wsj offers a domestic political reason for this continued intransigence : a [want] not to hurt democratic prospects in florida in the 2000 presidential election .

That definition referred to fondling certain parts of the anatomy `` with an intent to arouse or gratify the sexual desire of any person , '' and it could be argued that no one has proved that Clinton had any such intent even if he did in fact touch Lewinsky as she testified .
that definition referred to fondling certain parts of the anatomy `` with an intent to arouse or gratify the sexual [want] of any person , '' and it could be argued that no one has proved that clinton had any such intent even if he did in fact touch lewinsky as she testified .

One of the bigger challenges faced by contemporary journalism is convincingly dressing up its desire to dig dirt in the clothes of some principle or other .
one of the bigger challenges faced by contemporary journalism is convincingly dressing up its [want] to dig dirt in the clothes of some principle or other .

For all this about what is going wrong and could go wronger , the LAT is awfully light on what the U.S. wants the Japanese government to actually do , not going much beyond its remarks in the seventh paragraph about the desire for Japan to `` stimulate and deregulate '' its economy and bail out its insolvent banks .
for all this about what is going wrong and could go wronger , the lat is awfully light on what the u.s. wants the japanese government to actually do , not going much beyond its remarks in the seventh paragraph about the [want] for japan to `` stimulate and deregulate '' its economy and bail out its insolvent banks .

The LAT stresses Clinton 's desire to appear cooperative towards Starr 's investigation , while the NYT and WP focus on the constitutional showdown that could arise should the President be subpoenaed .
the lat stresses clinton 's [want] to appear cooperative towards starr 's investigation , while the nyt and wp focus on the constitutional showdown that could arise should the president be subpoenaed .

More neomorphemes and their consequent neologisms exist than can be sumupercised , spawned daily by ingenuity and the desire to put some flash into news copy , advertising drives , or the names of businesses .
more neomorphemes and their consequent neologisms exist than can be sumupercised , spawned daily by ingenuity and the [want] to put some flash into news copy , advertising drives , or the names of businesses .

Meinungsfreiheit , Weltreise , and Freizeit were descriptive nouns used in the German-speaking world well before the East German regime came into being , although it , and the Nazis before , connected the latter two with state-run programs capitalizing on the human desire to travel and have time for oneself .
meinungsfreiheit , weltreise , and freizeit were descriptive nouns used in the german-speaking world well before the east german regime came into being , although it , and the nazis before , connected the latter two with state-run programs capitalizing on the human [want] to travel and have time for oneself .

Again and again we read about “ the careful user , who wishes to use English correctly and congently ” in contrast to “ the run-of-the-mill user , who frequently sacrifices care and correctness in the interests of speed. ” To impute such sacrifices to a desire for speed is not only a misinterpretation of the evidence but a curious thing to say , for those who are in a hurry are scarcely likely to stop everything , pick up this ( or any other book ) to check something , and then resume their headlong plunge into the solecistic abyss .
again and again we read about “ the careful user , who wishes to use english correctly and congently ” in contrast to “ the run-of-the-mill user , who frequently sacrifices care and correctness in the interests of speed. ” to impute such sacrifices to a [want] for speed is not only a misinterpretation of the evidence but a curious thing to say , for those who are in a hurry are scarcely likely to stop everything , pick up this ( or any other book ) to check something , and then resume their headlong plunge into the solecistic abyss .

There is no time for reflection and savoring , no desire to be bombarded again .
there is no time for reflection and savoring , no [want] to be bombarded again .

Generally appearing as the final whereas is the most fatuous and utterly redundant one of all : “ WHEREAS the parties have orally agreed to the terms of such sale and desire to reduce their agreement to writing , Therefore ... ’ The lawyer is also habituated to doublets and triplets like fit and proper ; force and effect ; give , bequeath and devise ; null and void , and rest , residue , and remainder .
generally appearing as the final whereas is the most fatuous and utterly redundant one of all : “ whereas the parties have orally agreed to the terms of such sale and [want] to reduce their agreement to writing , therefore ... ’ the lawyer is also habituated to doublets and triplets like fit and proper ; force and effect ; give , bequeath and devise ; null and void , and rest , residue , and remainder .

Thus , we have added the famous scene in Catcher in the Rye , where Holden sees a fuck you graffito and muses on his desire to protect his little sister Phoebe from seeing such vulgarity .
thus , we have added the famous scene in catcher in the rye , where holden sees a fuck you graffito and muses on his [want] to protect his little sister phoebe from seeing such vulgarity .

One can easily understand the desire of the committees responsible for such things to number streets , then designate house numbers in such a way that strangers can readily get the idea that 65-42 83rd Street is on 83rd Street near 65th Avenue , and I can find nothing to quarrel with in that practice .
one can easily understand the [want] of the committees responsible for such things to number streets , then designate house numbers in such a way that strangers can readily get the idea that 65-42 83rd street is on 83rd street near 65th avenue , and i can find nothing to quarrel with in that practice .

In From One Language to Another ( 1986 ) Jan de Waard and Eugene A. Nida decry the “ clinging to old-fashioned language even though the meaning has radically changed ” and as a deplorable example points to the retaining of “ The Lord is my shepherd , I shall not want ” even though want no longer means to ` lack ' but rather ` desire ' and continues with , “ Thus many persons understand this traditional rendering to mean , ` The Lord is my shepherd whom I shall not want . '
in from one language to another ( 1986 ) jan de waard and eugene a. nida decry the “ clinging to old-fashioned language even though the meaning has radically changed ” and as a deplorable example points to the retaining of “ the lord is my shepherd , i shall not want ” even though want no longer means to ` lack ' but rather ` [want] ' and continues with , “ thus many persons understand this traditional rendering to mean , ` the lord is my shepherd whom i shall not want . '

From “ desire ” : desirable -- admirable from “ admire. ” Lumber , plumber , bier , but brier .
from “ [want] ” : desirable -- admirable from “ admire. ” lumber , plumber , bier , but brier .

We derived great pleasure from attempting to unravel the languages and their cultures , and we found that the desire to understand and to be understood comes early in life , remains long , and seems to be universal .
we derived great pleasure from attempting to unravel the languages and their cultures , and we found that the [want] to understand and to be understood comes early in life , remains long , and seems to be universal .

A Bro Purvis is a libidinous clergyman , named after an evangelist who once whipped both of our husbands into a frenzy of desire when we were visiting a fundamentalist church with relatives .
a bro purvis is a libidinous clergyman , named after an evangelist who once whipped both of our husbands into a frenzy of [want] when we were visiting a fundamentalist church with relatives .

To make a long story short , I am convinced that the PC-ness of Côte d'Ivoire arises out of President Houphouet-Boigny 's desire to be seen as the leader of a linguistically and culturally French nation .
to make a long story short , i am convinced that the pc-ness of côte d'ivoire arises out of president houphouet-boigny 's [want] to be seen as the leader of a linguistically and culturally french nation .

