The answers derived by these means may determine not only the temporal organization of the dance but also its spatial design , special slips designating the location on the stage where the movement is to be performed .
the answers derived by these means may determine not only the temporal organization of the dance but also its spatial design , special slips [choosing/selecting] the location on the stage where the movement is to be performed .

The use of map coordinates was begun when the senior officers began to select tactical points by designating a spot as `` near the letter o in the word mountain '' .
the use of map coordinates was begun when the senior officers began to select tactical points by [choosing/selecting] a spot as `` near the letter o in the word mountain '' .

Some school systems provide written instructions to principals and teachers designating when certain information is to be recorded on cumulative record forms and explaining how the information is to be summarized and used .
some school systems provide written instructions to principals and teachers [choosing/selecting] when certain information is to be recorded on cumulative record forms and explaining how the information is to be summarized and used .

Designating the Department of Education as the leading co-ordinator of funding .
[choosing/selecting] the department of education as the leading co-ordinator of funding .

In some regions the concept of zoning — designating areas exclusively to one type of user — has been tried to solve problems about who can go where .
in some regions the concept of zoning — [choosing/selecting] areas exclusively to one type of user — has been tried to solve problems about who can go where .

It seemed reasonable to suppose that such benefits could be applied to other districts of the city without necessarily designating housing improvement schemes .
it seemed reasonable to suppose that such benefits could be applied to other districts of the city without necessarily [choosing/selecting] housing improvement schemes .

The present government has done something by designating 40 per cent of the territory as country parkland where plants and animals are supposed to be protected .
the present government has done something by [choosing/selecting] 40 per cent of the territory as country parkland where plants and animals are supposed to be protected .

In support of this fiercely disputed position Althusser went through Marx 's output designating certain ‘ texts ’ as scientific theoretical works and others as pre-scientific in character .
in support of this fiercely disputed position althusser went through marx 's output [choosing/selecting] certain ‘ texts ’ as scientific theoretical works and others as pre-scientific in character .

For some Marxists the terminology of ‘ input ’ politics is misleading and contentious : designating electoral competition , the interest groups , the media or political parties as ‘ inputs ’ which shape state policy is ideological .
for some marxists the terminology of ‘ input ’ politics is misleading and contentious : [choosing/selecting] electoral competition , the interest groups , the media or political parties as ‘ inputs ’ which shape state policy is ideological .

French policy sought to create a substitute for independence by designating the protectorates of former French Indo-China , and subsequently Cochin China , as associated states within the French Union .
french policy sought to create a substitute for independence by [choosing/selecting] the protectorates of former french indo-china , and subsequently cochin china , as associated states within the french union .

By designating such materials as in varying degrees precious they have created symbols of excellence , a quality which stems from aesthetic awareness but the striving for which lies at the very root of the civilizations created by man .
by [choosing/selecting] such materials as in varying degrees precious they have created symbols of excellence , a quality which stems from aesthetic awareness but the striving for which lies at the very root of the civilizations created by man .

The notion of designating sovereigns by encircling their heads with golden crowns set with precious stones was already ancient when Pepin was crowned King of the Franks at Soissons in 751 .
the notion of [choosing/selecting] sovereigns by encircling their heads with golden crowns set with precious stones was already ancient when pepin was crowned king of the franks at soissons in 751 .

The predicative expression on its own is incomplete ; it requires a name , or an ersatz name ( as in our case ) , or some kind of designating phrase in order to yield a complete sentence .
the predicative expression on its own is incomplete ; it requires a name , or an ersatz name ( as in our case ) , or some kind of [choosing/selecting] phrase in order to yield a complete sentence .

‘ We shall for the first time protect landscapes , not one of which has been scheduled , by designating key landscapes as Areas of Archaeological Importance .
‘ we shall for the first time protect landscapes , not one of which has been scheduled , by [choosing/selecting] key landscapes as areas of archaeological importance .

The air quality management strategy , sometimes referred to as the air resource management strategy , involves designating the level of pollution deemed acceptable in terms of a set of ambient ( outdoor ) air quality standards and then controlling pollutant emissions to ensure that these legal limits are not exceeded ( Weber , 1982 ) .
the air quality management strategy , sometimes referred to as the air resource management strategy , involves [choosing/selecting] the level of pollution deemed acceptable in terms of a set of ambient ( outdoor ) air quality standards and then controlling pollutant emissions to ensure that these legal limits are not exceeded ( weber , 1982 ) .

The growth and spread of a hostile belief is necessary to give meaning to the structural strain , possibly by assigning responsibility and designating a certain response as appropriate .
the growth and spread of a hostile belief is necessary to give meaning to the structural strain , possibly by assigning responsibility and [choosing/selecting] a certain response as appropriate .

By specifically designating non-consensual sexual intercourse as a distinct offence and non-consensual sexual intercourse accompanied by degrees of violence as separate offences , the criminality of the former is emphasised .
by specifically [choosing/selecting] non-consensual sexual intercourse as a distinct offence and non-consensual sexual intercourse accompanied by degrees of violence as separate offences , the criminality of the former is emphasised .

Egypt 's interpretation would increase the participants in all disputes by designating any protesting State a party , whether or not the actions protested against affected it directly .
egypt 's interpretation would increase the participants in all disputes by [choosing/selecting] any protesting state a party , whether or not the actions protested against affected it directly .

The difficulties experienced in designating Marine Nature Reserves have been exemplified by Skomer which was first proposed as a Marine Nature in 1982 , reached a formal consultative stage in 1986 , and is still being considered for designation by the Secretary of State for Wales in 1989 .
the difficulties experienced in [choosing/selecting] marine nature reserves have been exemplified by skomer which was first proposed as a marine nature in 1982 , reached a formal consultative stage in 1986 , and is still being considered for designation by the secretary of state for wales in 1989 .

Darwin acquired the important stamp of scientific approval for his collection by designating a reputed naturalist to work on each category for publication .
darwin acquired the important stamp of scientific approval for his collection by [choosing/selecting] a reputed naturalist to work on each category for publication .

There are two distinct reasons for designating merit goods .
there are two distinct reasons for [choosing/selecting] merit goods .

Will the Secretary of State confirm that he has already decided to refuse the trust application from the Royal Scottish National hospital at Larbert and to suspend the applications from Foresterhill and Ayrshire South hospitals , designating them as shadow trusts , whatever that means ? When will the Secretary of State make a decision and give us an answer on that most important issue ?
will the secretary of state confirm that he has already decided to refuse the trust application from the royal scottish national hospital at larbert and to suspend the applications from foresterhill and ayrshire south hospitals , [choosing/selecting] them as shadow trusts , whatever that means ? when will the secretary of state make a decision and give us an answer on that most important issue ?

New Zealand 's National Party government unveiled a highly controversial budget on July 30 which severely curtailed the country 's welfare state by designating about one-half of the population as sufficiently affluent to pay for its health , education , housing and retirement needs .
new zealand 's national party government unveiled a highly controversial budget on july 30 which severely curtailed the country 's welfare state by [choosing/selecting] about one-half of the population as sufficiently affluent to pay for its health , education , housing and retirement needs .

Dieulafoy believed that this lesion was an early stage of peptic ulceration , designating it ‘ Exulceratio simplex ’ .
dieulafoy believed that this lesion was an early stage of peptic ulceration , [choosing/selecting] it ‘ exulceratio simplex ’ .

By designating the programme an approved training scheme , claimant advisers could ‘ use it selectively to apply sanctions to unco-operative claimants in areas where training might be useful ’ .
by [choosing/selecting] the programme an approved training scheme , claimant advisers could ‘ use it selectively to apply sanctions to unco-operative claimants in areas where training might be useful ’ .

When an attack is found , it is advisable to obtain the view of a specialist who will be able to identify the type of decay and advise on the treatment of the timber , including designating any parts that should be removed .
when an attack is found , it is advisable to obtain the view of a specialist who will be able to identify the type of decay and advise on the treatment of the timber , including [choosing/selecting] any parts that should be removed .

Greenpeace , the World Wildlife Fund , the Cousteau Foundation and other organisations have been very successful in mobilising public opinion in favour of designating Antarctica a ‘ World Park ’ , outlawing commercial exploitation of mineral resources , and limiting scientific research and tourism to better protect the region 's flora and fauna .
greenpeace , the world wildlife fund , the cousteau foundation and other organisations have been very successful in mobilising public opinion in favour of [choosing/selecting] antarctica a ‘ world park ’ , outlawing commercial exploitation of mineral resources , and limiting scientific research and tourism to better protect the region 's flora and fauna .

As Jordanova says , ‘ Science and Medicine as activities were associated with sexual metaphors which were clearly expressed in designating nature as a woman to be unveiled , unclothed and penetrated by Masculine Science .
as jordanova says , ‘ science and medicine as activities were associated with sexual metaphors which were clearly expressed in [choosing/selecting] nature as a woman to be unveiled , unclothed and penetrated by masculine science .

The local Phalangist headquarters were deserted but a Syrian officer , who had earlier been distributing leaflets describing the Syrian army as ‘ an envoy of brotherly love and peace ’ , brusquely jumped down from his tank and uprooted a Phalangist sign designating Kahhale a military zone .
the local phalangist headquarters were deserted but a syrian officer , who had earlier been distributing leaflets describing the syrian army as ‘ an envoy of brotherly love and peace ’ , brusquely jumped down from his tank and uprooted a phalangist sign [choosing/selecting] kahhale a military zone .

For about twenty-five years or more prior to the Poor Law Commission designating ‘ boy labour ’ a social problem , several attempts had been made to deal with the youth question by enrolling older children and young adolescents in a socially conservative youth movement , whose main features were discipline , religion , and organized leisure .
for about twenty-five years or more prior to the poor law commission [choosing/selecting] ‘ boy labour ’ a social problem , several attempts had been made to deal with the youth question by enrolling older children and young adolescents in a socially conservative youth movement , whose main features were discipline , religion , and organized leisure .

Since September 1996 , the CIO Council , under OMB 's leadership , has taken some significant actions , which include designating information security as one of six priority areas and establishing a Security Committee .
since september 1996 , the cio council , under omb 's leadership , has taken some significant actions , which include [choosing/selecting] information security as one of six priority areas and establishing a security committee .

Since September 1996 , the CIO Council , under OMB 's leadership , has taken some significant actions , which include designating information security as one of six priority areas and establishing a Security Committee .
since september 1996 , the cio council , under omb 's leadership , has taken some significant actions , which include [choosing/selecting] information security as one of six priority areas and establishing a security committee .

The directive sought to accomplish this objective by designating , for different types of emergencies , an appropriate agency as `` Incident Commander . ''
the directive sought to accomplish this objective by [choosing/selecting] , for different types of emergencies , an appropriate agency as `` incident commander . ''

In December 2000 , pursuant to concerns of the FISA Court , the New York Field Office began designating certain agents as either intelligence or criminal agents .
in december 2000 , pursuant to concerns of the fisa court , the new york field office began [choosing/selecting] certain agents as either intelligence or criminal agents .

The FISA Court 's concern with FBI sloppiness in its FISA applications also began to take a toll : the court began designating itself as the gatekeeper for the sharing of intelligence information ; the FBI was required to separately designate criminal and intelligence agents ; and the court banned one supervisory FBI agent from appearing before it .
the fisa court 's concern with fbi sloppiness in its fisa applications also began to take a toll : the court began [choosing/selecting] itself as the gatekeeper for the sharing of intelligence information ; the fbi was required to separately designate criminal and intelligence agents ; and the court banned one supervisory fbi agent from appearing before it .

DOS memo , Inderfurth to Albright , May 6 , 1999 ; DOS memo , Oakley to Pickering , `` Designating the Taliban a FTO , '' Apr .
dos memo , inderfurth to albright , may 6 , 1999 ; dos memo , oakley to pickering , `` [choosing/selecting] the taliban a fto , '' apr .

Within the department , he argued for designating the Taliban regime a state sponsor of terrorism .
within the department , he argued for [choosing/selecting] the taliban regime a state sponsor of terrorism .

Jim Hodges asked the NAACP to drop the boycott on the condition that he push for a bill designating Martin Luther King Jr. 's birthday as a state holiday .
jim hodges asked the naacp to drop the boycott on the condition that he push for a bill [choosing/selecting] martin luther king jr. 's birthday as a state holiday .

At one point , apparently , Al Gore suggested that the administration consider designating Saddam a war criminal .
at one point , apparently , al gore suggested that the administration consider [choosing/selecting] saddam a war criminal .

Pundits agreed he had botched much of his job but also noted his shrewdness in 1 ) capturing the world 's attention on New Year 's Eve ; 2 ) cutting his losses before his communism-busting legacy was further tainted by a money-laundering scandal or the war in Chechnya ; and 3 ) designating his likely successor , who has immunized Yeltsin from prosecution .
pundits agreed he had botched much of his job but also noted his shrewdness in 1 ) capturing the world 's attention on new year 's eve ; 2 ) cutting his losses before his communism-busting legacy was further tainted by a money-laundering scandal or the war in chechnya ; and 3 ) [choosing/selecting] his likely successor , who has immunized yeltsin from prosecution .

Jabberwocky itself is given in The Concise Oxford Dictionary as designating nonsensical writing or speech , esp .
jabberwocky itself is given in the concise oxford dictionary as [choosing/selecting] nonsensical writing or speech , esp .

Not so its cousin , time warp ( fathered by Walter M. Miller in 1954 : “ They showed me a dozen pictures of moppets with LTR-guns , moppets in time-warp suits , moppets wearing Captain Chronos costumes ... . ” ) ; originally another FTL , or time-travel device , it has entered standard English , designating any sensation of time travel , time discontinuity , or suspension of time 's progress .
not so its cousin , time warp ( fathered by walter m. miller in 1954 : “ they showed me a dozen pictures of moppets with ltr-guns , moppets in time-warp suits , moppets wearing captain chronos costumes ... . ” ) ; originally another ftl , or time-travel device , it has entered standard english , [choosing/selecting] any sensation of time travel , time discontinuity , or suspension of time 's progress .

If our press would attain true excellence in selecting English expressions to correspond to Russian originals , it should exercise more care about designating the Soviet Union as “ Russia ” and Soviets as “ Russians. ” Russia , now the RSFSR ( for Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic ) is only one of several Soviet republics , which are more like states of the United States than what we generally mean by “ republic , ” and Russians ( sometimes redundantly called “ ethnic Russians ” ) make up only about half of the population of the USSR .
if our press would attain true excellence in selecting english expressions to correspond to russian originals , it should exercise more care about [choosing/selecting] the soviet union as “ russia ” and soviets as “ russians. ” russia , now the rsfsr ( for russian soviet federated socialist republic ) is only one of several soviet republics , which are more like states of the united states than what we generally mean by “ republic , ” and russians ( sometimes redundantly called “ ethnic russians ” ) make up only about half of the population of the ussr .

I hesitate to point out that we use prima donna of men , too , because my critics will say that they disapprove of the term 's second life as designating a “ temperamental person of either sex . '
i hesitate to point out that we use prima donna of men , too , because my critics will say that they disapprove of the term 's second life as [choosing/selecting] a “ temperamental person of either sex . '

Vulgar , which really means no more than ` unrefined , ' is rarely encountered in modern dictionaries as a label because people have taken to designating four-letter words as vulgar , illustrating the semantic process known as pejoration ` depreciation , ' the opposite of melioration .
vulgar , which really means no more than ` unrefined , ' is rarely encountered in modern dictionaries as a label because people have taken to [choosing/selecting] four-letter words as vulgar , illustrating the semantic process known as pejoration ` depreciation , ' the opposite of melioration .

