Before adjournment Monday afternoon , the Senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what adjustments should be made .
before adjournment monday afternoon , the senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to [find out] what adjustments should be made .

`` The church's ability to change her methods is going to determine her ability to meet the challenge of this hour '' .
`` the church's ability to change her methods is going to [find out] her ability to meet the challenge of this hour '' .

Measure the puppet to determine the height of the light socket , allowing three to four inches above the puppet's head .
measure the puppet to [find out] the height of the light socket , allowing three to four inches above the puppet's head .

It will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of freeholders , which `` shall appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessed , levied and collected in the same manner as moneys appropriated for other purposes '' .
it will [find out] the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of freeholders , which `` shall appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessed , levied and collected in the same manner as moneys appropriated for other purposes '' .

The Connally amendment says that the United States , rather than the court , shall determine whether a matter is essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of the United States in a case before the World Court to which the United States is a party .
the connally amendment says that the united states , rather than the court , shall [find out] whether a matter is essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of the united states in a case before the world court to which the united states is a party .

Then it added : `` It is not possible to determine how extensive these ill effects will be -- nor how many people will be affected '' .
then it added : `` it is not possible to [find out] how extensive these ill effects will be -- nor how many people will be affected '' .

Your spiritual `` inner '' space helps determine the spirituality of America as a nation .
your spiritual `` inner '' space helps [find out] the spirituality of america as a nation .

The first thirty to sixty days after individuals make their decision will determine their interest and participation in the life of the Church .
the first thirty to sixty days after individuals make their decision will [find out] their interest and participation in the life of the church .

It will help to determine the attitude of the new members toward the Church .
it will help to [find out] the attitude of the new members toward the church .

Yet to determine precisely to what extent and exactly in what ways any individual showed the effects of Christianity would be impossible .
yet to [find out] precisely to what extent and exactly in what ways any individual showed the effects of christianity would be impossible .

They were put on control diets to determine as accurately as possible , the normal cholesterol level of their blood .
they were put on control diets to [find out] as accurately as possible , the normal cholesterol level of their blood .

We must determine whether missiles can win a war all by themselves .
we must [find out] whether missiles can win a war all by themselves .

Any irregularity on the piston heads will make it impossible , with normal means , to determine the final combustion chamber volume because the volume displaced by the piston heads cannot be readily computed .
any irregularity on the piston heads will make it impossible , with normal means , to [find out] the final combustion chamber volume because the volume displaced by the piston heads cannot be readily computed .

The only way to determine the final combustion chamber volume when such pistons are used is by measuring it with liquid while the cylinder head is bolted to the cylinder block and the piston is in top dead center position .
the only way to [find out] the final combustion chamber volume when such pistons are used is by measuring it with liquid while the cylinder head is bolted to the cylinder block and the piston is in top dead center position .

To determine car speed for a given combination of engine speed , gear ratio , and tire size , the formula is : Af .
to [find out] car speed for a given combination of engine speed , gear ratio , and tire size , the formula is : af .

To determine engine speed for a given combination of the other three factors the formula is : Af .
to [find out] engine speed for a given combination of the other three factors the formula is : af .

To determine the rear axle gear ratio for a combination of the other three factors , the formula is : Af .
to [find out] the rear axle gear ratio for a combination of the other three factors , the formula is : af .

In any instance , you should determine the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area .
in any instance , you should [find out] the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area .

The size of wooden mold will determine the amount of clay needed .
the size of wooden mold will [find out] the amount of clay needed .

It is generally an inaccurate method of rating , for the horsepower is that of the compressor motor , and many other components beside it determine how much cooling you'll get .
it is generally an inaccurate method of rating , for the horsepower is that of the compressor motor , and many other components beside it [find out] how much cooling you'll get .

Look at the physical features of the land to determine how desirable it is for use , what can be done to correct the faults , and what it will cost to make the area meet your needs in comparison to other sites .
look at the physical features of the land to [find out] how desirable it is for use , what can be done to correct the faults , and what it will cost to make the area meet your needs in comparison to other sites .

Determine how much topography limits useful area or what the costs of earth moving or grading might be .
[find out] how much topography limits useful area or what the costs of earth moving or grading might be .

At first each child should do a kick-up by himself so that the teacher can determine those ready to work alone , and those who need help .
at first each child should do a kick-up by himself so that the teacher can [find out] those ready to work alone , and those who need help .

From the resulting data the doctor can determine lung defects with hitherto unknown accuracy and detail .
from the resulting data the doctor can [find out] lung defects with hitherto unknown accuracy and detail .

Have cost studies been made of every phase of your operation to determine what might be done if things get worse ? ?
have cost studies been made of every phase of your operation to [find out] what might be done if things get worse ? ?

This meeting was called to determine how these groups might cooperate to launch what is known as the Outdoor Education Project .
this meeting was called to [find out] how these groups might cooperate to launch what is known as the outdoor education project .

Second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain -- a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on American towns and counties , on a great American river , and on half a million square miles of Arctic seas .
second , they believed it important to [find out] the fate of the captain -- a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on american towns and counties , on a great american river , and on half a million square miles of arctic seas .

This is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able -- or ever , probably , will be able -- to determine :
this is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able -- or ever , probably , will be able -- to [find out] :

A technique by which it is proposed to enter with compulsion into the very heart of a man and determine his values may often in fact seem the more unlimited aggression .
a technique by which it is proposed to enter with compulsion into the very heart of a man and [find out] his values may often in fact seem the more unlimited aggression .

Without agreeing with every phrase in this statement , we must certainly assert the great difference between Christian love and any form of resistance , and then go on beyond the Mennonite position and affirm that Christian love-in-action must first justify and then determine the moral principles limiting resistance .
without agreeing with every phrase in this statement , we must certainly assert the great difference between christian love and any form of resistance , and then go on beyond the mennonite position and affirm that christian love-in-action must first justify and then [find out] the moral principles limiting resistance .

That test , as President Kennedy forthrightly depicted it in his State of the Union message , will determine `` whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure '' .
that test , as president kennedy forthrightly depicted it in his state of the union message , will [find out] `` whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure '' .

only historical evolution will determine which ) : an abrupt change .
only historical evolution will [find out] which ) : an abrupt change .

The answers derived by these means may determine not only the temporal organization of the dance but also its spatial design , special slips designating the location on the stage where the movement is to be performed .
the answers derived by these means may [find out] not only the temporal organization of the dance but also its spatial design , special slips designating the location on the stage where the movement is to be performed .

If a work is divided into several large segments , a last-minute drawing of random numbers may determine the order of the segments for any particular performance .
if a work is divided into several large segments , a last-minute drawing of random numbers may [find out] the order of the segments for any particular performance .

It will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in Table 1 .
it will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization [find out] the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages enumerated in table 1 .

One way to determine whether we have so dangerous a technology would be to check the strength of our society's organs to see if their functioning is as healthy as before .
one way to [find out] whether we have so dangerous a technology would be to check the strength of our society's organs to see if their functioning is as healthy as before .

Instead it means that the thinking in which decision issues has the power to determine the morality of the decision , as in this instance the pressure for renewed practical or legislative attention to the constitutional problems the decision had uncovered might have done .
instead it means that the thinking in which decision issues has the power to [find out] the morality of the decision , as in this instance the pressure for renewed practical or legislative attention to the constitutional problems the decision had uncovered might have done .

The Agreeable Autocracies is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both reflect and determine the character of the free society today .
the agreeable autocracies is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both reflect and [find out] the character of the free society today .

The genuinely interesting question , then , becomes : What factors determine the degree of realism or distortion in conventional images of Jews ? ?
the genuinely interesting question , then , becomes : what factors [find out] the degree of realism or distortion in conventional images of jews ? ?

When decision makers act within this frame they determine whether a claim put forward in the name of religion is to be accepted by the larger community as appropriate to religion .
when decision makers act within this frame they [find out] whether a claim put forward in the name of religion is to be accepted by the larger community as appropriate to religion .

Obviously , it would be impossible to determine where every vehicle might be on the 31st day of December .
obviously , it would be impossible to [find out] where every vehicle might be on the 31st day of december .

To determine the practice and attitude of municipal governments concerning tangible movable property , a questionnaire was sent to all local government assessors or boards of assessors in Rhode Island .
to [find out] the practice and attitude of municipal governments concerning tangible movable property , a questionnaire was sent to all local government assessors or boards of assessors in rhode island .

conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; ;
conduct engineering research and technical development work to [find out] , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; ;

undertake economic studies and surveys to determine present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial consumptive purposes in various parts of the United States by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods .
undertake economic studies and surveys to [find out] present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial consumptive purposes in various parts of the united states by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods .

In connection with any claim decided by the Commission pursuant to this Title in which an award is made , the Commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .
in connection with any claim decided by the commission pursuant to this title in which an award is made , the commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , [find out] and apportion the just and reasonable attorney's fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award .

For each State ( except Puerto Rico , Guam , the Virgin Islands , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii ) determine average per capita income based on the last three years .
for each state ( except puerto rico , guam , the virgin islands , and , prior to 1962 , alaska and hawaii ) [find out] average per capita income based on the last three years .

Determine the average per capita income for the U. S. based on the last three years .
[find out] the average per capita income for the u. s. based on the last three years .

Determine the ratio of 50% to the average per capita income of the U. S. ( Divide 50 by the result obtained in item 2 above .
[find out] the ratio of 50% to the average per capita income of the u. s. ( divide 50 by the result obtained in item 2 above .

Determine for each State ( except the Virgin Islands , Guam and Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii ) that percentage which bears the same ratio to 50% as the particular State's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the U. S. .
[find out] for each state ( except the virgin islands , guam and puerto rico , and , prior to 1962 , alaska and hawaii ) that percentage which bears the same ratio to 50% as the particular state's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the u. s. .

Determine the particular State's `` allotment percentage '' .
[find out] the particular state's `` allotment percentage '' .

Determine each State's population .
[find out] each state's population .

Determine the sum of the products obtained in item 8 above , for all the States .
[find out] the sum of the products obtained in item 8 above , for all the states .

Determine the ratio that the amount being allotted is to the sum of the products for all the States .
[find out] the ratio that the amount being allotted is to the sum of the products for all the states .

Determine the particular State's unadjusted allotment for the particular fiscal year .
[find out] the particular state's unadjusted allotment for the particular fiscal year .

Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is greater than its maximum allotment , and if so lower its unadjusted allotment to its maximum allotment .
[find out] if the particular state's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is greater than its maximum allotment , and if so lower its unadjusted allotment to its maximum allotment .

Determine if the particular State's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment , and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment .
[find out] if the particular state's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment , and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment .

Funds allotted in addition to their minimum allotment are apportioned to the two agencies as they may determine .
funds allotted in addition to their minimum allotment are apportioned to the two agencies as they may [find out] .

For each State ( except the Virgin Islands , Guam , Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii ) , determine the average per capita income for the last three years .
for each state ( except the virgin islands , guam , puerto rico , and , prior to 1962 , alaska and hawaii ) , [find out] the average per capita income for the last three years .

Determine the average per capita income for the United States for the last three years .
[find out] the average per capita income for the united states for the last three years .

Determine the ratio of 40% to the average per capita income of the United States .
[find out] the ratio of 40% to the average per capita income of the united states .

Determine for each State ( except the Virgin Islands , Guam , Puerto Rico , and , prior to 1962 , Alaska and Hawaii ) , that percentage which bears the same ration to 40% as the particular State's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the United States .
[find out] for each state ( except the virgin islands , guam , puerto rico , and , prior to 1962 , alaska and hawaii ) , that percentage which bears the same ration to 40% as the particular state's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the united states .

Determine the particular State's `` Federal Share '' .
[find out] the particular state's `` federal share '' .

Some families already have held weekend rehearsals in their home shelters to learn the problems and to determine for themselves what supplies they would need .
some families already have held weekend rehearsals in their home shelters to learn the problems and to [find out] for themselves what supplies they would need .

The Federal Government is aiding local governments in several places to survey residential , commercial and industrial buildings to determine what fallout protection they would provide , and for how many people .
the federal government is aiding local governments in several places to survey residential , commercial and industrial buildings to [find out] what fallout protection they would provide , and for how many people .

On the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion , the Court remanded the case to the District Court to determine the appropriate relief .
on the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion , the court remanded the case to the district court to [find out] the appropriate relief .

Whether it will strike home for you or not will be for you to determine .
whether it will strike home for you or not will be for you to [find out] .

By that time we should be in a much better position to determine the value of that aircraft as a weapon system .
by that time we should be in a much better position to [find out] the value of that aircraft as a weapon system .

The two Governments agree that the rupees accruing to the Government of the United States of America as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this Agreement will be used by the Government of the United States of America , in such manner and order of priority as the Government of the United States of America shall determine , for the following purposes in the amounts shown : ( A )
the two governments agree that the rupees accruing to the government of the united states of america as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this agreement will be used by the government of the united states of america , in such manner and order of priority as the government of the united states of america shall [find out] , for the following purposes in the amounts shown : ( a )

Some deductions are subtracted from Gross Income to determine Adjusted Gross Income .
some deductions are subtracted from gross income to [find out] adjusted gross income .

Three thermocouples were placed at different locations in the aluminum disk surrounding the anode holder to determine its temperature .
three thermocouples were placed at different locations in the aluminum disk surrounding the anode holder to [find out] its temperature .

There is , then , the possibility that this Af bond is symmetric , although Douglass was unable to determine its symmetry from his x-ray data .
there is , then , the possibility that this af bond is symmetric , although douglass was unable to [find out] its symmetry from his x-ray data .

The x-ray data did not permit Douglass to determine uniquely the space group , but a negative test for piezoelectricity led him to assume a center of symmetry .
the x-ray data did not permit douglass to [find out] uniquely the space group , but a negative test for piezoelectricity led him to assume a center of symmetry .

It would appear that it should be possible to determine unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to determine values for activation energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free radicals , as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the carbon-halogen bond .
it would appear that it should be possible to [find out] unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to [find out] values for activation energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free radicals , as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the carbon-halogen bond .

Some 80 reaction tubes from 13 manifold fillings were illuminated in the temperature range from 40 to 85-degrees in a further endeavor to determine the cause of the irreproducibility and to obtain information on the activation energy and the effect of light intensity .
some 80 reaction tubes from 13 manifold fillings were illuminated in the temperature range from 40 to 85-degrees in a further endeavor to [find out] the cause of the irreproducibility and to obtain information on the activation energy and the effect of light intensity .

The best way to determine the correct figure ( in captives ) is by direct observation of pairs isolated from birth , a method that produced surprising results : maturing of a male Indian python in less than two years , his mate in less than three ; ;
the best way to [find out] the correct figure ( in captives ) is by direct observation of pairs isolated from birth , a method that produced surprising results : maturing of a male indian python in less than two years , his mate in less than three ; ;

In each case , lines of the bundles are transformed by involutions within the pencils they determine with the multiple secant .
in each case , lines of the bundles are transformed by involutions within the pencils they [find out] with the multiple secant .

While some suppression and some denial are not only necessary but healthy , the worker's clinical knowledge must determine how these defenses are being used , what healthy shifts in defensive adaptation are indicated , and when efforts at bringing about change can be most effectively timed .
while some suppression and some denial are not only necessary but healthy , the worker's clinical knowledge must [find out] how these defenses are being used , what healthy shifts in defensive adaptation are indicated , and when efforts at bringing about change can be most effectively timed .

Each year from 1941 on , its medical staff had conducted intensive field investigations to determine changes in population structure and vital rates and , as its primary objective , the incidence of major diseases .
each year from 1941 on , its medical staff had conducted intensive field investigations to [find out] changes in population structure and vital rates and , as its primary objective , the incidence of major diseases .

Hence , when the address Af is computed from Af , the cell Af and all Y-cells in its chain must be inspected to determine whether Af is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain .
hence , when the address af is computed from af , the cell af and all y-cells in its chain must be inspected to [find out] whether af is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain .

His objective is merely to determine `` what distinctions of length and syllabicity it may be desirable to make explicit in a Kikuyu orthography '' ( 59 ) .
his objective is merely to [find out] `` what distinctions of length and syllabicity it may be desirable to make explicit in a kikuyu orthography '' ( 59 ) .

Neither our military , our economic nor our ideological power reached far enough '' to determine the fate of East Europe .
neither our military , our economic nor our ideological power reached far enough '' to [find out] the fate of east europe .

By and large , what happens to business as a whole will govern the relationship between demand and supply conditions in the capital markets and will thus determine interest rates .
by and large , what happens to business as a whole will govern the relationship between demand and supply conditions in the capital markets and will thus [find out] interest rates .

No longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; ;
no longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to [find out] what he ought to do ; ;

The objective of the study was to determine the opinions and practices of small firms selling to defense programs .
the objective of the study was to [find out] the opinions and practices of small firms selling to defense programs .

It was compiled as a control sample to determine if the opinions and practices of companies on the lists submitted by the members of the Aerospace Industries Association were materially different from those of other small firms selling to defense programs .
it was compiled as a control sample to [find out] if the opinions and practices of companies on the lists submitted by the members of the aerospace industries association were materially different from those of other small firms selling to defense programs .

The first step in processing was to analyze the returns from Questions 1 , 2 , and 3 to determine whether the respondents were large businesses or small businesses , in accordance with the definitions contained in ASPR Section 1-701 .
the first step in processing was to analyze the returns from questions 1 , 2 , and 3 to [find out] whether the respondents were large businesses or small businesses , in accordance with the definitions contained in aspr section 1-701 .

The second step in processing was to compare the responses from companies on the AIA list with those from companies on the TR list in order to determine whether it would be appropriate to merge the responses for the purposes of the study .
the second step in processing was to compare the responses from companies on the aia list with those from companies on the tr list in order to [find out] whether it would be appropriate to merge the responses for the purposes of the study .

Here no attempt is made , first to determine out-of-pocket or marginal costs and then to superimpose on these costs `` reasonably distributed '' residues of total costs .
here no attempt is made , first to [find out] out-of-pocket or marginal costs and then to superimpose on these costs `` reasonably distributed '' residues of total costs .

As one would surmise , the procedure , however , could be repeated with the same object or with the same type of object often enough , so that the corresponding visual blots and the merest beginning of the tracing movement would provide clues as to the actual shape , which the patient then immediately could determine by a kind of inference .
as one would surmise , the procedure , however , could be repeated with the same object or with the same type of object often enough , so that the corresponding visual blots and the merest beginning of the tracing movement would provide clues as to the actual shape , which the patient then immediately could [find out] by a kind of inference .

Confabulation has come to determine structure .
confabulation has come to [find out] structure .

The lack of adequate data on the aerated lagoon system prompted the developer to construct an aerated lagoon pilot plant to determine its feasibility for treating domestic sewage .
the lack of adequate data on the aerated lagoon system prompted the developer to construct an aerated lagoon pilot plant to [find out] its feasibility for treating domestic sewage .

Grab samples were collected from the existing oxidation pond to determine its operating conditions .
grab samples were collected from the existing oxidation pond to [find out] its operating conditions .

One of the important aspects of this study was to determine the oxygen transfer relationships of the mechanical aerator .
one of the important aspects of this study was to [find out] the oxygen transfer relationships of the mechanical aerator .

A series of eight special tests were conducted at different rotor speeds to determine the oxygen transfer rate .
a series of eight special tests were conducted at different rotor speeds to [find out] the oxygen transfer rate .

Industry's main criticism of the Navy's antisubmarine effort is that it cannot determine where any one company or industry can apply its skills and know-how .
industry's main criticism of the navy's antisubmarine effort is that it cannot [find out] where any one company or industry can apply its skills and know-how .

An analysis of the vector relationships shows that the rake angle **yc and the friction angle **yt determine the vector direction Af of the force resultants R and Af .
an analysis of the vector relationships shows that the rake angle **yc and the friction angle **yt [find out] the vector direction af of the force resultants r and af .

Consequently , both the rake angle of the knife as well as the friction occurring between the back of the removed coating and the front of the knife will determine in large part the detailed mechanism of the cutting removal process .
consequently , both the rake angle of the knife as well as the friction occurring between the back of the removed coating and the front of the knife will [find out] in large part the detailed mechanism of the cutting removal process .

These two values and the rake angle **yc are sufficient to determine the other parameters of these relationships .
these two values and the rake angle **yc are sufficient to [find out] the other parameters of these relationships .

The person using these tests must determine which combination of procedures is practical for any specific item in order to evaluate the dimensional changes of textile fabrics or garments after laundering procedures commonly used in the home or commercial laundry .
the person using these tests must [find out] which combination of procedures is practical for any specific item in order to evaluate the dimensional changes of textile fabrics or garments after laundering procedures commonly used in the home or commercial laundry .

Thus , in general , elementary light optical effects , light scatter , and electron scatter determine the obtainable resolution limit .
thus , in general , elementary light optical effects , light scatter , and electron scatter [find out] the obtainable resolution limit .

His arm had been giving him some trouble and Rector was not enough of a medical expert to determine whether it had healed improperly or whether Hino was simply rebelling against the tedious work in the print shop , using the stiffness in his arm as an excuse .
his arm had been giving him some trouble and rector was not enough of a medical expert to [find out] whether it had healed improperly or whether hino was simply rebelling against the tedious work in the print shop , using the stiffness in his arm as an excuse .

Many years later , the photon-counting apparatus in the nose of the ship would determine that the star was close enough to actuate deceleration .
many years later , the photon-counting apparatus in the nose of the ship would [find out] that the star was close enough to actuate deceleration .

As near as Cobb could determine the shots came from the direction of the Antler ranch house .
as near as cobb could [find out] the shots came from the direction of the antler ranch house .

As best as I could determine , we were some 700 miles west of New Guinea , in the Bismark Archipelago .
as best as i could [find out] , we were some 700 miles west of new guinea , in the bismark archipelago .

They were , I felt , people invariably trying to prove not who , but what they were , and trying to determine what , not who , others were .
they were , i felt , people invariably trying to prove not who , but what they were , and trying to [find out] what , not who , others were .

Some sort of nemesis was haunting his footsteps , he told us in a quavering voice -- either an ape specter or Abe Spector , a process-server , we couldn't determine which .
some sort of nemesis was haunting his footsteps , he told us in a quavering voice -- either an ape specter or abe spector , a process-server , we couldn't [find out] which .

This has n't been properly thought out in terms of how best to determine the country 's security in future .
this has n't been properly thought out in terms of how best to [find out] the country 's security in future .

It 's part of a new study which it 's hoped will determine once and for all whether there is a greater incidence of cancer in the families of radiation workers .
it 's part of a new study which it 's hoped will [find out] once and for all whether there is a greater incidence of cancer in the families of radiation workers .

In Court Number One at Winchester Crown Court , legal arguments were continuing this afternoon which will determine the date and form of that trial .
in court number one at winchester crown court , legal arguments were continuing this afternoon which will [find out] the date and form of that trial .

In Gloucestershire , the only county to have it 's spending capped by the Government , Thursday 's vote could determine whether teachers lose their jobs .
in gloucestershire , the only county to have it 's spending capped by the government , thursday 's vote could [find out] whether teachers lose their jobs .

you , you are trying to determine gorilla war , right , but it does n't how much technology you 've got , because Afghanistan and the Vietnam proved that , but tried , tested and proved
you , you are trying to [find out] gorilla war , right , but it does n't how much technology you 've got , because afghanistan and the vietnam proved that , but tried , tested and proved

She determine not to be put off by her first failure , but to go on doing things to Mary Lou so that in the end the class would have to put the tricks down to Alicia and Daryl .
she [find out] not to be put off by her first failure , but to go on doing things to mary lou so that in the end the class would have to put the tricks down to alicia and daryl .

Something else , er , they ca n't determine it or something until he 's a few months
something else , er , they ca n't [find out] it or something until he 's a few months

They had studied 24 schemes at a single meeting to determine whether they fell within the embargo or not .
they had studied 24 schemes at a single meeting to [find out] whether they fell within the embargo or not .

One of the aims of our study will be to determine how old these fish are when caught and how sustainable a commercial fishery could be .
one of the aims of our study will be to [find out] how old these fish are when caught and how sustainable a commercial fishery could be .

The surprise findings have worried island fishermen , who want more detailed monitoring to determine whether the oil is localised or spread over a wide area .
the surprise findings have worried island fishermen , who want more detailed monitoring to [find out] whether the oil is localised or spread over a wide area .

Labour Scottish affairs spokesman , Henry McLeish , who obtained the document , said it was clear that it was political will which would determine whether the Highlands and Islands are successful .
labour scottish affairs spokesman , henry mcleish , who obtained the document , said it was clear that it was political will which would [find out] whether the highlands and islands are successful .

Allergic reaction was a well recognised risk but , it was alleged , the anaesthetist had not carried out any tests or investigations to determine whether Mrs McWilliams would suffer a reaction to the drugs he planned to use .
allergic reaction was a well recognised risk but , it was alleged , the anaesthetist had not carried out any tests or investigations to [find out] whether mrs mcwilliams would suffer a reaction to the drugs he planned to use .

‘ This enquiry should determine under what conditions … a state bank — Credit Lyonnais — and two nationalised insurance firms helped a serving minister offload Adidas at a nice price , ’ Mr d'Aubert said .
‘ this enquiry should [find out] under what conditions … a state bank — credit lyonnais — and two nationalised insurance firms helped a serving minister offload adidas at a nice price , ’ mr d'aubert said .

Demand from investors will determine how many new shares are issued , although Pittencrieff said yesterday it will retain a majority stake .
demand from investors will [find out] how many new shares are issued , although pittencrieff said yesterday it will retain a majority stake .

How to determine the substance of a transaction — its effect on the assets and liabilities of the company ;
how to [find out] the substance of a transaction — its effect on the assets and liabilities of the company ;

Cumulative points obtained at any of the named national shows will automatically be added to any won at the ‘ National ’ events — the Royal Show , Royal Welsh , Royal Highland and the European Dairy Farming Event — to determine the National Premier Breeder Award .
cumulative points obtained at any of the named national shows will automatically be added to any won at the ‘ national ’ events — the royal show , royal welsh , royal highland and the european dairy farming event — to [find out] the national premier breeder award .

The Rev. Janet Chapman , deacon at St Cuthbert 's , Darlington , said that to some extent , parishioners would determine the extent of the cuts .
the rev. janet chapman , deacon at st cuthbert 's , darlington , said that to some extent , parishioners would [find out] the extent of the cuts .

Borough council chief executive Clive Owen has looked at unemployment statistics , business confidence and the housing market to determine the state of the town 's economy .
borough council chief executive clive owen has looked at unemployment statistics , business confidence and the housing market to [find out] the state of the town 's economy .

One obvious approach to elucidate the function of DNA-PK-mediated phosphorylation will be to define sites of phosphorylation on transcription factors and determine whether mutation of these sites affects factor activity .
one obvious approach to elucidate the function of dna-pk-mediated phosphorylation will be to define sites of phosphorylation on transcription factors and [find out] whether mutation of these sites affects factor activity .

But he added that it was too early to try to determine ‘ the exact nature of the wiretaps and the identity of those responsible . ’
but he added that it was too early to try to [find out] ‘ the exact nature of the wiretaps and the identity of those responsible . ’

It may then be possible to determine which women in these families have the defective gene .
it may then be possible to [find out] which women in these families have the defective gene .

At the same time a referendum on his rule should determine the extent of parliament 's legitimacy .
at the same time a referendum on his rule should [find out] the extent of parliament 's legitimacy .

Attempts to establish bloodstream stage transformants in culture , in order to determine phleomycin resistance levels , were not successful as the transformed cells would not multiply in vitro , even in the absence of selective pressure .
attempts to establish bloodstream stage transformants in culture , in order to [find out] phleomycin resistance levels , were not successful as the transformed cells would not multiply in vitro , even in the absence of selective pressure .

The ten-event campaign to determine Scotland 's top road man , comprises eight road races and two mountain time trials and runs until the tour of Madderty which is in September .
the ten-event campaign to [find out] scotland 's top road man , comprises eight road races and two mountain time trials and runs until the tour of madderty which is in september .

An adjustable cutoff distance value is used to determine where the contig breaks occur .
an adjustable cutoff distance value is used to [find out] where the contig breaks occur .

The Darlington Council survey into the ‘ bin it and bag it ’ scheme was carried out last December over several days at various times to determine future action over the project .
the darlington council survey into the ‘ bin it and bag it ’ scheme was carried out last december over several days at various times to [find out] future action over the project .

‘ Then we ask our friend — who can be male or female — to drop their trousers . If we can determine the friend 's sex through the vine leaves , then we know there is enough sunlight coming through ! ’
‘ then we ask our friend — who can be male or female — to drop their trousers . if we can [find out] the friend 's sex through the vine leaves , then we know there is enough sunlight coming through ! ’

Ally McCoist 's fitness will determine who plays up front and yesterday Roxburgh said that the improvement in the player 's hamstring injury was such that he would now be ‘ disappointed ’ if the scorer of 41 goals for his club this season did not play on the ground that has yet to give up a goal to Scotland since they became tenants at Ibrox .
ally mccoist 's fitness will [find out] who plays up front and yesterday roxburgh said that the improvement in the player 's hamstring injury was such that he would now be ‘ disappointed ’ if the scorer of 41 goals for his club this season did not play on the ground that has yet to give up a goal to scotland since they became tenants at ibrox .

Our campaign has consistently urged the Government to undertake a full and proper defence review that would determine what our commitments are , and are likely to be , and what level of resource needs to be made available to meet them — whether from the Army , Navy or Air Force .
our campaign has consistently urged the government to undertake a full and proper defence review that would [find out] what our commitments are , and are likely to be , and what level of resource needs to be made available to meet them — whether from the army , navy or air force .

That world view will determine how she/he will influence the children for it is simply not possible for anyone to be completely objective .
that world view will [find out] how she/he will influence the children for it is simply not possible for anyone to be completely objective .

The water debate , when couched in terms of the Scottish party 's rights to determine policy in specifically Scottish areas , also directly affects the current internal demands for more Scottish party autonomy , even unto independence .
the water debate , when couched in terms of the scottish party 's rights to [find out] policy in specifically scottish areas , also directly affects the current internal demands for more scottish party autonomy , even unto independence .

‘ Consumers do not confuse the availability of good physical facilities with good quality ; such facilities may tempt a consumer to choose a particular shop , but it is the quality of the staff which will determine whether the consumer will buy or return a second time . ’
‘ consumers do not confuse the availability of good physical facilities with good quality ; such facilities may tempt a consumer to choose a particular shop , but it is the quality of the staff which will [find out] whether the consumer will buy or return a second time . ’

Another ballot will now be held to determine whether the 1,000-pupil comprehensive will obtain grant-maintained status or stay within Wirral local authority .
another ballot will now be held to [find out] whether the 1,000-pupil comprehensive will obtain grant-maintained status or stay within wirral local authority .

But the service had looked at 18 areas and applied a Home Office computer to determine which fire station turns out first to a fire .
but the service had looked at 18 areas and applied a home office computer to [find out] which fire station turns out first to a fire .

The Crown Prosecution Service is studying newspapers which published his name and picture to determine whether they committed any offence under the Children and Young Persons Act , because the suspect is under 18 .
the crown prosecution service is studying newspapers which published his name and picture to [find out] whether they committed any offence under the children and young persons act , because the suspect is under 18 .

There should be clearer labelling of food so that people can determine what is best for them .
there should be clearer labelling of food so that people can [find out] what is best for them .

Police said they are still trying to determine whether a third suspect , a male , was also involved .
police said they are still trying to [find out] whether a third suspect , a male , was also involved .

There will be an increase in the powers of the Head Teacher , Governors , and Parents with a corresponding decrease in the powers of the Local Authority and Teachers , an obligation to make better use of finances , and opportunities for the customer to determine the operation .
there will be an increase in the powers of the head teacher , governors , and parents with a corresponding decrease in the powers of the local authority and teachers , an obligation to make better use of finances , and opportunities for the customer to [find out] the operation .

The first consideration must be the nature of the intended audience since this will determine the level of technical jargon ( statistical or otherwise ) that may be permitted , the format and length of the exposition and the style of writing to be adopted .
the first consideration must be the nature of the intended audience since this will [find out] the level of technical jargon ( statistical or otherwise ) that may be permitted , the format and length of the exposition and the style of writing to be adopted .

Discuss the disadvantages of using these figures to help determine the provision of old people 's facilities in your local community over the next 20 years .
discuss the disadvantages of using these figures to help [find out] the provision of old people 's facilities in your local community over the next 20 years .

Determine trend and seasonal components for these data .
[find out] trend and seasonal components for these data .

To determine , say , the incidence of deafness in men between 50 and 55 years of age we really need more of a cine film approach .
to [find out] , say , the incidence of deafness in men between 50 and 55 years of age we really need more of a cine film approach .

The Radcliffe Report ( 1959 ) emphasised in stronger terms the problems associated with financial change and maintained that it is impossible to define money , because there is no clear criterion with which to determine those assets that are part of the money supply .
the radcliffe report ( 1959 ) emphasised in stronger terms the problems associated with financial change and maintained that it is impossible to define money , because there is no clear criterion with which to [find out] those assets that are part of the money supply .

Net inflows or outflows clearly determine the liquidity position of the banking system on a day to day basis .
net inflows or outflows clearly [find out] the liquidity position of the banking system on a day to day basis .

It should also be possible to visualise matters from the opposite perspective in that forward rates can determine the interest rates .
it should also be possible to visualise matters from the opposite perspective in that forward rates can [find out] the interest rates .

This continuous appraisal helps to determine the prices at which securities are traded and makes it much easier for the institutional investors to reach a swift decision when they are invited to subscribe to or underwrite a new issue .
this continuous appraisal helps to [find out] the prices at which securities are traded and makes it much easier for the institutional investors to reach a swift decision when they are invited to subscribe to or underwrite a new issue .

The difficulty here of course is to determine what is excessive and what is not .
the difficulty here of course is to [find out] what is excessive and what is not .

The central problem for the government is to determine the value of the subsidy to the ‘ social ’ railway , that is the services that would not exist or would be extremely highly priced without state support , and to set appropriate targets for the ‘ commercial ’ railway .
the central problem for the government is to [find out] the value of the subsidy to the ‘ social ’ railway , that is the services that would not exist or would be extremely highly priced without state support , and to set appropriate targets for the ‘ commercial ’ railway .

The planners could determine the availability of finance : ‘ Every single externally financed project was therefore meant to be scrutinized for conformity with the targets and if the projects passed this test the Commission would see to it that sufficient tax and credit incentives would be made available ’ ( Estrin and Holmes , 1983 , p. 179 ) .
the planners could [find out] the availability of finance : ‘ every single externally financed project was therefore meant to be scrutinized for conformity with the targets and if the projects passed this test the commission would see to it that sufficient tax and credit incentives would be made available ’ ( estrin and holmes , 1983 , p. 179 ) .

Productivity and product wages determine the course of the profit share and an account of their movements is given in the next two sections .
productivity and product wages [find out] the course of the profit share and an account of their movements is given in the next two sections .

Extra work has been commissioned to determine which highway links and junctions would need improvement to relieve any potential traffic logjam .
extra work has been commissioned to [find out] which highway links and junctions would need improvement to relieve any potential traffic logjam .

Middlesbrough 's Impasse Centre is holding crisis meetings over the next few days to try to determine funding to stay open .
middlesbrough 's impasse centre is holding crisis meetings over the next few days to try to [find out] funding to stay open .

The report says : ‘ Our vision is based on an understanding that many different independent elements social , economic and cultural create a city 's life and determine whether a community flourishes or simply survives . ’
the report says : ‘ our vision is based on an understanding that many different independent elements social , economic and cultural create a city 's life and [find out] whether a community flourishes or simply survives . ’

Mrs Briton said trust status would also mean greater control over its own finances and the freedom to determine staff terms and conditions to meet local needs .
mrs briton said trust status would also mean greater control over its own finances and the freedom to [find out] staff terms and conditions to meet local needs .

In his absence the 78-year-old retired Black Country solicitor has been standing in on Taylor 's press conferences , trying to determine whether the England manager is still in control after the 2–0 defeat in Boston and earlier World Cup disaster in Norway .
in his absence the 78-year-old retired black country solicitor has been standing in on taylor 's press conferences , trying to [find out] whether the england manager is still in control after the 2–0 defeat in boston and earlier world cup disaster in norway .

Smith was annoyed when he heard of the decision for a jump-off in Belfast this weekend which will determine who will join the team for the championships in Rome later this month .
smith was annoyed when he heard of the decision for a jump-off in belfast this weekend which will [find out] who will join the team for the championships in rome later this month .

It 's not for the police to determine what information is right for disclosure .
it 's not for the police to [find out] what information is right for disclosure .

The factors will come down to ones that will determine whether the person , male-female , tall-short , black-white , local or external is electable .
the factors will come down to ones that will [find out] whether the person , male-female , tall-short , black-white , local or external is electable .

The letter added that while it was a matter for the City Council to determine whether to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the event , ‘ there are no funds at the disposal of this Department to meet the costs involved ’ .
the letter added that while it was a matter for the city council to [find out] whether to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the event , ‘ there are no funds at the disposal of this department to meet the costs involved ’ .

Brian 's body was so badly mutilated and charred that the pathologists could not determine the exact cause or time of death .
brian 's body was so badly mutilated and charred that the pathologists could not [find out] the exact cause or time of death .

With neutral Hampden Park ruled out due to renovation work , Rangers manager Walter Smith and Celtic No.2 Joe Jordan were involved in the bizarre situation of having to toss a coin to determine the semi-final venue .
with neutral hampden park ruled out due to renovation work , rangers manager walter smith and celtic no.2 joe jordan were involved in the bizarre situation of having to toss a coin to [find out] the semi-final venue .

This is the big tester , is n't it ? This is the bread and butter that will determine the future .
this is the big tester , is n't it ? this is the bread and butter that will [find out] the future .

Unfortunately very little , er we know he 's been in prison since nineteen eighty seven and that he 's been sentenced to ten years , but we have n't been able to determine er under what charge , what happened at his trial , whether he was given defence , er access to a lawyer , those kind of things , and er Amnesty believes that he 's been er imprisoned for his beliefs .
unfortunately very little , er we know he 's been in prison since nineteen eighty seven and that he 's been sentenced to ten years , but we have n't been able to [find out] er under what charge , what happened at his trial , whether he was given defence , er access to a lawyer , those kind of things , and er amnesty believes that he 's been er imprisoned for his beliefs .

Is this a man of much more style than substance , and what test would you use to determine whether he 's had a good hundred days or a bad hundred days ?
is this a man of much more style than substance , and what test would you use to [find out] whether he 's had a good hundred days or a bad hundred days ?

How would what test would you use to determine whether or not John Major has had a good first one hundred days ?
how would what test would you use to [find out] whether or not john major has had a good first one hundred days ?

That 's all in its infancy and therefore is very suited to discussion of what might be and what will determine what scientific matters will take place .
that 's all in its infancy and therefore is very suited to discussion of what might be and what will [find out] what scientific matters will take place .

Further investigations were carried out to determine whether or not the proportion of straightforward deliveries varied with the location of the items requested , to examine the proportion of deliveries from each location which were placed on reserve for readers , and to record the relative numbers of non-straightforward deliveries from each location which were attributable either to ‘ initial failure ’ or to the need to transfer items from another reader .
further investigations were carried out to [find out] whether or not the proportion of straightforward deliveries varied with the location of the items requested , to examine the proportion of deliveries from each location which were placed on reserve for readers , and to record the relative numbers of non-straightforward deliveries from each location which were attributable either to ‘ initial failure ’ or to the need to transfer items from another reader .

By time-stamping a call-slip on its submission , and by recording on its second copy the time of its arrival , accompanied by the relevant book , in the Reading Room , it was possible to determine the time taken for a reader 's request to be satisfied .
by time-stamping a call-slip on its submission , and by recording on its second copy the time of its arrival , accompanied by the relevant book , in the reading room , it was possible to [find out] the time taken for a reader 's request to be satisfied .

It should be noted , moreover , that the ability of the present Call-slip analysis exercise to determine the date of publication of a much greater proportion of items issued ( 97 % as opposed to 65 % on each of the two earlier occasions ) means that its results are much more accurate , and that the higher incidence of pre-1900 publications recorded by the earlier surveys probably can , therefore , be attributed , in large measure , not to any radically different pattern of reading at these times , but to the fact that the numerous undated call-slips occurring then almost certainly contained a high proportion which related to more modern publications .
it should be noted , moreover , that the ability of the present call-slip analysis exercise to [find out] the date of publication of a much greater proportion of items issued ( 97 % as opposed to 65 % on each of the two earlier occasions ) means that its results are much more accurate , and that the higher incidence of pre-1900 publications recorded by the earlier surveys probably can , therefore , be attributed , in large measure , not to any radically different pattern of reading at these times , but to the fact that the numerous undated call-slips occurring then almost certainly contained a high proportion which related to more modern publications .

In order to determine whether or not some types of publication were more likely to need repair than others , the proportions of monographs , serials , and newspapers in need of attention ( that is , falling into Categories 3–5 ) were calculated .
in order to [find out] whether or not some types of publication were more likely to need repair than others , the proportions of monographs , serials , and newspapers in need of attention ( that is , falling into categories 3–5 ) were calculated .

But there are many languages in which the tone can determine the meaning of a word , and changing from one tone to another can completely change the meaning .
but there are many languages in which the tone can [find out] the meaning of a word , and changing from one tone to another can completely change the meaning .

The effect of these changes on port performance is difficult to determine — at least at the aggregate level .
the effect of these changes on port performance is difficult to [find out] — at least at the aggregate level .

Unfortunately , systematic , industry-side data is now a thing of the past for the port industry following the demise of the National Dock Labour Board and the National Association of Port Employers , so it is impossible to determine whether this is a specific or general phenomenon .
unfortunately , systematic , industry-side data is now a thing of the past for the port industry following the demise of the national dock labour board and the national association of port employers , so it is impossible to [find out] whether this is a specific or general phenomenon .

Formal research into the headaches began in 1970 and , until now , no-one has followed up patients for long enough to determine the natural course of the condition .
formal research into the headaches began in 1970 and , until now , no-one has followed up patients for long enough to [find out] the natural course of the condition .

It is the debate about the forces which determine this equilibrium which fundamentally separates the various schools of thought in macroeconomics .
it is the debate about the forces which [find out] this equilibrium which fundamentally separates the various schools of thought in macroeconomics .

It is of some importance , therefore , to know what factors determine consumption so that appropriate policies to combat unemployment can be devised .
it is of some importance , therefore , to know what factors [find out] consumption so that appropriate policies to combat unemployment can be devised .

The main purpose is to evaluate the suitability of this treatment and determine the size of a full scale system for Wilton .
the main purpose is to evaluate the suitability of this treatment and [find out] the size of a full scale system for wilton .

potential difference across it with meters to determine its value as .
potential difference across it with meters to [find out] its value as .

In view of the distributed nature of a transmission line , to determine its behaviour it will generally be necessary to consider the response of an infinitesimal element of it .
in view of the distributed nature of a transmission line , to [find out] its behaviour it will generally be necessary to consider the response of an infinitesimal element of it .

To determine a set of h-parameters at any frequency from small-signal measurements demands both short-circuit and open-circuit signal terminations .
to [find out] a set of h-parameters at any frequency from small-signal measurements demands both short-circuit and open-circuit signal terminations .

Signal measurements to determine the small-signal parameters of four-terminal networks must be executed under particular bias conditions implemented by direct circuits connected between the input terminals and between the output terminals .
signal measurements to [find out] the small-signal parameters of four-terminal networks must be executed under particular bias conditions implemented by direct circuits connected between the input terminals and between the output terminals .

Such values are respectively known as the poles and zeros of the function and they obviously determine its essential form .
such values are respectively known as the poles and zeros of the function and they obviously [find out] its essential form .

The system would help councils determine the number of service users within black communities and how effectively services are being provided to them .
the system would help councils [find out] the number of service users within black communities and how effectively services are being provided to them .

The temptation , when setting objectives , is to determine them in terms of what the salesperson will do .
the temptation , when setting objectives , is to [find out] them in terms of what the salesperson will do .

The type of production operated by the firm to whom the salesperson is selling can often determine the type of selling approach to be used .
the type of production operated by the firm to whom the salesperson is selling can often [find out] the type of selling approach to be used .

The appropriate strategy is perhaps to wait to determine whether the Japanese businessman is prepared to offer his hand for a handshake or whether he is going to bow .
the appropriate strategy is perhaps to wait to [find out] whether the japanese businessman is prepared to offer his hand for a handshake or whether he is going to bow .

First we must determine what is meant by chord playing .
first we must [find out] what is meant by chord playing .

He should begin by asking a series of questions to determine the areas of chord playing most in need of attention .
he should begin by asking a series of questions to [find out] the areas of chord playing most in need of attention .

Even species from the same group do not necessarily have the same preferences , hence the need to initially supply a choice of breeding site until you can determine what type and angle of surface they prefer .
even species from the same group do not necessarily have the same preferences , hence the need to initially supply a choice of breeding site until you can [find out] what type and angle of surface they prefer .

To design any piece of audio equipment successfully the first stage is to define exactly what it is that you require and determine the circuit from this information .
to design any piece of audio equipment successfully the first stage is to define exactly what it is that you require and [find out] the circuit from this information .

The next stop is to try and determine the best arrangement of the components on the board , and it often helps if at least the major parts ( large transformers , relays etc . )
the next stop is to try and [find out] the best arrangement of the components on the board , and it often helps if at least the major parts ( large transformers , relays etc . )

Readers can determine whether or not any extra suppression is required with some simple usage tests , as it may not be necessary to go to the added expense of incorporating any spike suppressors , depending on the characteristics of the light unit used .
readers can [find out] whether or not any extra suppression is required with some simple usage tests , as it may not be necessary to go to the added expense of incorporating any spike suppressors , depending on the characteristics of the light unit used .

For the enthusiast , a second innings might be played to determine the outcome , with a side following on if it fails to come within an agreed number of runs of its opponents score .
for the enthusiast , a second innings might be played to [find out] the outcome , with a side following on if it fails to come within an agreed number of runs of its opponents score .

The planetary seasons greatly determine temperatures and climatic patterns .
the planetary seasons greatly [find out] temperatures and climatic patterns .

The enzymes , in effect , determine the function of all multicellular organisms .
the enzymes , in effect , [find out] the function of all multicellular organisms .

There are criteria which determine the way in which a man thinks and acts , and in Gandhi 's case they are the religious and ethical ideals of his own form of life .
there are criteria which [find out] the way in which a man thinks and acts , and in gandhi 's case they are the religious and ethical ideals of his own form of life .

That is , there are criteria which determine the way in which others also think and act which may be completely contrary to those of Gandhi .
that is , there are criteria which [find out] the way in which others also think and act which may be completely contrary to those of gandhi .

Put in another way the proposal is that a man should seek to know and fully understand the criteria which determine his thoughts and actions .
put in another way the proposal is that a man should seek to know and fully understand the criteria which [find out] his thoughts and actions .

The problem with maintaining the existence of a ‘ primordial element ’ is determining how to go about isolating such an element and how to determine the relative truth of particular religions by means of this ‘ primordial element ’ once it is isolated .
the problem with maintaining the existence of a ‘ primordial element ’ is determining how to go about isolating such an element and how to [find out] the relative truth of particular religions by means of this ‘ primordial element ’ once it is isolated .

‘ For the means employed inevitably determine the nature of the results achieved ; whereas , however good the end aimed at may be , its goodness is powerless to counteract the effects of the bad means we use to reach it .
‘ for the means employed inevitably [find out] the nature of the results achieved ; whereas , however good the end aimed at may be , its goodness is powerless to counteract the effects of the bad means we use to reach it .

The argument also ignores the type of considerations that might determine the present non-use of these sophisticated weapons , such as the fear of complete destruction and total annihilation , rather than a greater degree of ahi sā , or love and concern for others .
the argument also ignores the type of considerations that might [find out] the present non-use of these sophisticated weapons , such as the fear of complete destruction and total annihilation , rather than a greater degree of ahi sā , or love and concern for others .

As the technique of ahi sā , it put the ideal of non-violence into practice and was informed by the spirit of Truth , that is , the religious and ethical criteria that determine the way a man thinks and acts .
as the technique of ahi sā , it put the ideal of non-violence into practice and was informed by the spirit of truth , that is , the religious and ethical criteria that [find out] the way a man thinks and acts .

By allowing innuendo , fear and bigotry to determine policy .
by allowing innuendo , fear and bigotry to [find out] policy .

From the inside out Instead of letting structural details determine the interior style , Jon and Catherine Edgson prefer to start with the inside , so that it dictates the whole look of the house .
from the inside out instead of letting structural details [find out] the interior style , jon and catherine edgson prefer to start with the inside , so that it dictates the whole look of the house .

This means that the ‘ brain ' of the synth has to have a certain amount of waveform information from the guitar before it can determine an actual pitch and synthesise that information accordingly .
this means that the ‘ brain ' of the synth has to have a certain amount of waveform information from the guitar before it can [find out] an actual pitch and synthesise that information accordingly .

Determine your total daily calorie intake at a minimum figure of 850 and a maximum of 1,500 .
[find out] your total daily calorie intake at a minimum figure of 850 and a maximum of 1,500 .

It may , however , be difficult to determine what the basic imbalance is .
it may , however , be difficult to [find out] what the basic imbalance is .

The fact that the disturbing factors may be complex , and that the body tends to limit the symptoms of disease to the physical plane if at all possible , can make it difficult to determine what the basic underlying imbalance is .
the fact that the disturbing factors may be complex , and that the body tends to limit the symptoms of disease to the physical plane if at all possible , can make it difficult to [find out] what the basic underlying imbalance is .

Determine nursing priorities on a daily basis and plan patient care according to staff availability and capabilities .
[find out] nursing priorities on a daily basis and plan patient care according to staff availability and capabilities .

And now Scottish Natural Heritage has asked the Institute of Terrestrial Ecology , Banchory , in liaison with the Scottish Agricultural Statistics Service and Biosphere Consultancies , to do a study to determine the current status of adders in Scotland .
and now scottish natural heritage has asked the institute of terrestrial ecology , banchory , in liaison with the scottish agricultural statistics service and biosphere consultancies , to do a study to [find out] the current status of adders in scotland .

One involved using whole word shape to help determine segment positions and to allow for letter shape variations within words .
one involved using whole word shape to help [find out] segment positions and to allow for letter shape variations within words .

Constituent analysis is used to identify and remove legitimate affixes from word tokens , and a table look-up procedure is employed to determine whether or not the root of the word is correctly spelled .
constituent analysis is used to identify and remove legitimate affixes from word tokens , and a table look-up procedure is employed to [find out] whether or not the root of the word is correctly spelled .

It may also be feasible to look at individual letter confidences to determine an ordering of letter positions in which to apply the substitution algorithm .
it may also be feasible to look at individual letter confidences to [find out] an ordering of letter positions in which to apply the substitution algorithm .

He said : ‘ Nobody can determine what might happen . ’
he said : ‘ nobody can [find out] what might happen . ’

The research would determine likely sales levels , and also settle the division between a left-wing Mail on Sunday , with projected circulation of 400,000 , and a ‘ Sunday Guardian ’ selling 250,000 .
the research would [find out] likely sales levels , and also settle the division between a left-wing mail on sunday , with projected circulation of 400,000 , and a ‘ sunday guardian ’ selling 250,000 .

All plans should then be assessed to determine whether they are realistic and the effect they will have on employees , suppliers , customers , and so on .
all plans should then be assessed to [find out] whether they are realistic and the effect they will have on employees , suppliers , customers , and so on .

In this way , many possible locations can be eliminated immediately leaving more time for the planning group to concentrate on the details which will determine exactly which site is the best one .
in this way , many possible locations can be eliminated immediately leaving more time for the planning group to concentrate on the details which will [find out] exactly which site is the best one .

Employers may employ their own valuers to determine house prices in different areas to assess payments under an excess mortgage allowance scheme .
employers may employ their own valuers to [find out] house prices in different areas to assess payments under an excess mortgage allowance scheme .

It arranges for the house to be valued to determine its minimum selling price and the employee receives a figure up to this amount from the company so that the purchase of the next property can go ahead .
it arranges for the house to be valued to [find out] its minimum selling price and the employee receives a figure up to this amount from the company so that the purchase of the next property can go ahead .

After a reasonable period of time ( for example , two years ) there should be a review of the position to determine whether the mobility clause needs to be retained in the contract of employment if it was found that the need for mobility was being met by a sufficiently large group of staff willing to be mobile .
after a reasonable period of time ( for example , two years ) there should be a review of the position to [find out] whether the mobility clause needs to be retained in the contract of employment if it was found that the need for mobility was being met by a sufficiently large group of staff willing to be mobile .

It must also determine the length of time for which the post is required .
it must also [find out] the length of time for which the post is required .

Sharp increases in local prices which can not be predicted and rises and falls in exchange rates lead to much confusion when trying to determine an expatriate 's disposable income .
sharp increases in local prices which can not be predicted and rises and falls in exchange rates lead to much confusion when trying to [find out] an expatriate 's disposable income .

However , such payments are themselves liable to tax and it therefore becomes very difficult to determine the level of such compensation .
however , such payments are themselves liable to tax and it therefore becomes very difficult to [find out] the level of such compensation .

However , if it were true , as has been suggested , that certain issues and constituencies are systematically disenfranchised by the traditional representative model of English politics , this would greatly weaken the justification for reserving to the legislature the exclusive right to determine the form of second-level policy-making institutions such as public local inquiries , and to decide what procedural entitlements should be afforded to objectors at them .
however , if it were true , as has been suggested , that certain issues and constituencies are systematically disenfranchised by the traditional representative model of english politics , this would greatly weaken the justification for reserving to the legislature the exclusive right to [find out] the form of second-level policy-making institutions such as public local inquiries , and to decide what procedural entitlements should be afforded to objectors at them .

The recent work by McAuslan and others ( supra ) in respect of the functioning of the Windscale Inquiry casts further doubt on the fairness of our current practice of leaving it solely to the legislature to determine the form and procedure to be adopted at such inquiries .
the recent work by mcauslan and others ( supra ) in respect of the functioning of the windscale inquiry casts further doubt on the fairness of our current practice of leaving it solely to the legislature to [find out] the form and procedure to be adopted at such inquiries .

In each specific case it is impossible to determine the exact line of distinction between faith and faith plus , between our faith in God and our faith in other men .
in each specific case it is impossible to [find out] the exact line of distinction between faith and faith plus , between our faith in god and our faith in other men .

To an important degree our assumptions can even determine our relationships , just as our relationships may demonstrate our assumptions .
to an important degree our assumptions can even [find out] our relationships , just as our relationships may demonstrate our assumptions .

As with a pair of glasses , presuppositions determine what we see and how we see it , but they do not necessarily determine what there is to be seen .
as with a pair of glasses , presuppositions [find out] what we see and how we see it , but they do not necessarily [find out] what there is to be seen .

It is for the House itself , in the final analysis , to determine whether one can take one 's place , and , if issue were joined ( as is occasionally the case where succession to an hereditary peerage is contested or doubtful ) the House would decide on the basis of a report received from its Committee of Privileges .
it is for the house itself , in the final analysis , to [find out] whether one can take one 's place , and , if issue were joined ( as is occasionally the case where succession to an hereditary peerage is contested or doubtful ) the house would decide on the basis of a report received from its committee of privileges .

What determines the scope and character of parliamentary privilege ( an essential preliminary to ( b ) below ? Who may determine whether a pretended privilege exists ?
what determines the scope and character of parliamentary privilege ( an essential preliminary to ( b ) below ? who may [find out] whether a pretended privilege exists ?

This first set of questions is interrelated and confused by the fact that both the courts and Parliament have , at times , claimed exclusive jurisdiction to determine whether a particular privilege exists , and the criteria which they have applied in making this determination have differed .
this first set of questions is interrelated and confused by the fact that both the courts and parliament have , at times , claimed exclusive jurisdiction to [find out] whether a particular privilege exists , and the criteria which they have applied in making this determination have differed .

Most allegations of breach of privilege or contempt end there , but if it appears to the Speaker that there has been a prima facie breach of privilege , the matter will be referred to the Committee of Privileges , the function of which is to receive evidence , determine whether , in its view , a breach or contempt has occurred and , if so , report to this effect to the House with any recommendations thought fit .
most allegations of breach of privilege or contempt end there , but if it appears to the speaker that there has been a prima facie breach of privilege , the matter will be referred to the committee of privileges , the function of which is to receive evidence , [find out] whether , in its view , a breach or contempt has occurred and , if so , report to this effect to the house with any recommendations thought fit .

Two independent vets explained how difficult it is to determine the age of a dog after it is a year old .
two independent vets explained how difficult it is to [find out] the age of a dog after it is a year old .

‘ The trial lasted six days and in his summing up , the judge said that it was too difficult to determine the age of the dogs and that he did not believe a breeder would know her own stock — so basically the ‘ coincidence ’ was too strong . The Sharmas had lost two Rough Collies and two were found , therefore they must be the same dogs ! Ridiculous — we just could n't believe it ! ’
‘ the trial lasted six days and in his summing up , the judge said that it was too difficult to [find out] the age of the dogs and that he did not believe a breeder would know her own stock — so basically the ‘ coincidence ’ was too strong . the sharmas had lost two rough collies and two were found , therefore they must be the same dogs ! ridiculous — we just could n't believe it ! ’

It is good to allow the word of God to dominate and determine not only the content but also the structure of what we preach .
it is good to allow the word of god to dominate and [find out] not only the content but also the structure of what we preach .

To determine that dialogue with the young and prayer with God is what is needed is , admittedly , hardly the most astonishing conclusion to have reached .
to [find out] that dialogue with the young and prayer with god is what is needed is , admittedly , hardly the most astonishing conclusion to have reached .

Who should determine what young people learn at school ?
who should [find out] what young people learn at school ?

Furthermore , ‘ nationally prescribed tests ’ would be administered at each of the age levels mentioned to determine the extent to which the prescribed targets had been achieved .
furthermore , ‘ nationally prescribed tests ’ would be administered at each of the age levels mentioned to [find out] the extent to which the prescribed targets had been achieved .

The Secretary of State has made regulations specifying teachers ' contractual obligations ; a comprehensive list of duties ; he has decided to scrap the long-established machinery in which teachers ' pay and conditions were negotiated and has assumed temporary powers to determine these himself ; and he has introduced a national curriculum .
the secretary of state has made regulations specifying teachers ' contractual obligations ; a comprehensive list of duties ; he has decided to scrap the long-established machinery in which teachers ' pay and conditions were negotiated and has assumed temporary powers to [find out] these himself ; and he has introduced a national curriculum .

On this view , educational systems need to make maximum provision for pupil choice , for curriculum negotiation , and for pupils themselves to determine the lines of their own educational development .
on this view , educational systems need to make maximum provision for pupil choice , for curriculum negotiation , and for pupils themselves to [find out] the lines of their own educational development .

should not determine what is to be taught and learned .
should not [find out] what is to be taught and learned .

What is more , these factors interact with one another and different combinations and sequences will determine what eventually happens .
what is more , these factors interact with one another and different combinations and sequences will [find out] what eventually happens .

There are no firm statistics available at either national or local level to determine the incidence of child abuse .
there are no firm statistics available at either national or local level to [find out] the incidence of child abuse .

The sensor feeds the network with data about the flow of material through the pipes , which is then be analysed to determine the proportions of oil to water and sand .
the sensor feeds the network with data about the flow of material through the pipes , which is then be analysed to [find out] the proportions of oil to water and sand .

Once you have fired all the barrels you wish you must roll for each hit to determine damage .
once you have fired all the barrels you wish you must roll for each hit to [find out] damage .

Refer to the To Wound Chart to determine the roll needed to wound , and roll a dice per hit as you would for multiple bow or crossbow hits .
refer to the to wound chart to [find out] the roll needed to wound , and roll a dice per hit as you would for multiple bow or crossbow hits .

To determine how far the ball bounces roll the Artillery dice again and mark the spot where the ball comes to land .
to [find out] how far the ball bounces roll the artillery dice again and mark the spot where the ball comes to land .

The competition to determine the dominant College of Magic takes the form of a violent contest of magic in which gladiator wizards and their followers battle to defeat their rivals .
the competition to [find out] the dominant college of magic takes the form of a violent contest of magic in which gladiator wizards and their followers battle to defeat their rivals .

Moreover , any extrapolation from data as a basis for policy runs the high risk that the demonstration of a relationship will sooner or later cause a modification of the actions which determine it .
moreover , any extrapolation from data as a basis for policy runs the high risk that the demonstration of a relationship will sooner or later cause a modification of the actions which [find out] it .

The interviewer sets the framework for the interview — in this case mothers were asked to describe ‘ a day in the life ’ of their infant — but allows the informant to determine the pace and order of the conversation , to select topics considered important .
the interviewer sets the framework for the interview — in this case mothers were asked to describe ‘ a day in the life ’ of their infant — but allows the informant to [find out] the pace and order of the conversation , to select topics considered important .

‘ The fundamental purpose of investigating accidents under these Regulations shall be to determine the circumstances and causes of the accident with a view to the preservation of life and the avoidance of accidents in the future ; it is not the purpose to apportion blame or liability . ’
‘ the fundamental purpose of investigating accidents under these regulations shall be to [find out] the circumstances and causes of the accident with a view to the preservation of life and the avoidance of accidents in the future ; it is not the purpose to apportion blame or liability . ’

At that time it was not realised that the investigating team were already in possession of the evidence necessary to determine the cause of the accident and it was entirely fortuitous that the body that was removed from under the pathologist 's nose was not one containing vital evidence .
at that time it was not realised that the investigating team were already in possession of the evidence necessary to [find out] the cause of the accident and it was entirely fortuitous that the body that was removed from under the pathologist 's nose was not one containing vital evidence .

For instance , inspectors ' powers to acquire information about accidents needed to be extended to include inquiries made to determine whether an investigation was appropriate , rather than being confined to those cases where the Chief Inspector had already ordered an investigation to take place .
for instance , inspectors ' powers to acquire information about accidents needed to be extended to include inquiries made to [find out] whether an investigation was appropriate , rather than being confined to those cases where the chief inspector had already ordered an investigation to take place .

Free at last to determine their own futures , the people of Central and Eastern Europe face difficult choices .
free at last to [find out] their own futures , the people of central and eastern europe face difficult choices .

‘ One canon ’ , he wrote , ‘ reduced to writing by God himself , two testaments , three creeds , four general councils , five centuries and the series of fathers in that period and two after , determine the boundaries of our faith .
‘ one canon ’ , he wrote , ‘ reduced to writing by god himself , two testaments , three creeds , four general councils , five centuries and the series of fathers in that period and two after , [find out] the boundaries of our faith .

Concern for this issue has recently surfaced in studies that were indeed set up originally to try to isolate the factors that determine which among a selected sample of children are likely later in life to have a schizophrenic breakdown .
concern for this issue has recently surfaced in studies that were indeed set up originally to try to isolate the factors that [find out] which among a selected sample of children are likely later in life to have a schizophrenic breakdown .

The interstitial water profiles of the unsaturated zones of acid lithologies ( Triassic sandstones and Lower Greensand ) are being examined in order to determine the mobility of toxic metals towards the water table .
the interstitial water profiles of the unsaturated zones of acid lithologies ( triassic sandstones and lower greensand ) are being examined in order to [find out] the mobility of toxic metals towards the water table .

Point estimates of aquifer recharge can be made from single profiles , and several profiles may be used together to determine regional recharge .
point estimates of aquifer recharge can be made from single profiles , and several profiles may be used together to [find out] regional recharge .

Delays have been caused by the need for the Government to determine the future of coal mining in Britain , following its decision last year to close 30 pits .
delays have been caused by the need for the government to [find out] the future of coal mining in britain , following its decision last year to close 30 pits .

All such social activities combined to determine the form in which early Anglo-Saxon society developed and a major consideration has to be the definition of all the levels of social organisation in as far as that is yet possible .
all such social activities combined to [find out] the form in which early anglo-saxon society developed and a major consideration has to be the definition of all the levels of social organisation in as far as that is yet possible .

Naturally the inherent constraints of the archaeological evidence , our caution about the relationship between the archaeological record and the activities that formed it , and the limited research which has been carried out determine the cohesion and balance of a work of this type .
naturally the inherent constraints of the archaeological evidence , our caution about the relationship between the archaeological record and the activities that formed it , and the limited research which has been carried out [find out] the cohesion and balance of a work of this type .

It is possible that these differences reflect the availability of suitable timber , but it is difficult at present to determine the extent of woodland at a sufficient level of detail .
it is possible that these differences reflect the availability of suitable timber , but it is difficult at present to [find out] the extent of woodland at a sufficient level of detail .

The source of the ivory is difficult to determine , and the question of whether the material derives from elephant or walrus has not been resolved .
the source of the ivory is difficult to [find out] , and the question of whether the material derives from elephant or walrus has not been resolved .

Decorated metalwork and pottery can , in addition , be studied by the measurement of elements in designs to determine which objects may have been made at the same source , using the same tools , or even by the same craftsman .
decorated metalwork and pottery can , in addition , be studied by the measurement of elements in designs to [find out] which objects may have been made at the same source , using the same tools , or even by the same craftsman .

The fall-off curves away from such centres of consumption imply that the redistribution of such goods was controlled , but there has been little research carried out to determine the patterns of dispersal in any more detail .
the fall-off curves away from such centres of consumption imply that the redistribution of such goods was controlled , but there has been little research carried out to [find out] the patterns of dispersal in any more detail .

It is also very difficult to use the particular form of the artefact , or the style of decoration , when present , to determine the mechanisms involved in their production and dispersal ; the factors determining similarity between artefacts beyond learned tradition and functionality are barely understood .
it is also very difficult to use the particular form of the artefact , or the style of decoration , when present , to [find out] the mechanisms involved in their production and dispersal ; the factors determining similarity between artefacts beyond learned tradition and functionality are barely understood .

The sources of metal used are very difficult to determine .
the sources of metal used are very difficult to [find out] .

There is yet no evidence of permanent production centres in early Anglo-Saxon England , and resort must be made to the objects themselves to determine the structure of the industry .
there is yet no evidence of permanent production centres in early anglo-saxon england , and resort must be made to the objects themselves to [find out] the structure of the industry .

The length of such shafts is difficult to determine except where there is an accompanying ferrule binding the foot .
the length of such shafts is difficult to [find out] except where there is an accompanying ferrule binding the foot .

To begin testing , you will need to determine the approximate length of your cycle .
to begin testing , you will need to [find out] the approximate length of your cycle .

Last week , we considered who the real clients for nursing services might be , and how variations in who we see as our clients may determine the type of care we give .
last week , we considered who the real clients for nursing services might be , and how variations in who we see as our clients may [find out] the type of care we give .

It is not possible to simply stagnate for a while ; and it is our choices and decisions which largely determine whether we are growing .
it is not possible to simply stagnate for a while ; and it is our choices and decisions which largely [find out] whether we are growing .

It is also , in my view , perfectly reasonable to support the proposition that a referendum should be held in Scotland in order to determine what constitutional status people actually want .
it is also , in my view , perfectly reasonable to support the proposition that a referendum should be held in scotland in order to [find out] what constitutional status people actually want .

He was appalled that such a story should appear in a newspaper , and the council , he said , would meet to determine what should be done about it .
he was appalled that such a story should appear in a newspaper , and the council , he said , would meet to [find out] what should be done about it .

Every five years he called all souls to judgement to determine whether they were worthy to continue their lives on earth .
every five years he called all souls to judgement to [find out] whether they were worthy to continue their lives on earth .

He held the ‘ tupismati ’ ( tablets of destiny ) and could be petitioned to determine the course of the world .
he held the ‘ tupismati ’ ( tablets of destiny ) and could be petitioned to [find out] the course of the world .

While the English waited patiently for a fetch to appear , as a summons for mortals to proceed to the grave , it is interesting to note that the word was adapted by the Portuguese as fetisso ( magician or oracle ) , and involved a concentrated worship of idols to determine the future , including the time of death .
while the english waited patiently for a fetch to appear , as a summons for mortals to proceed to the grave , it is interesting to note that the word was adapted by the portuguese as fetisso ( magician or oracle ) , and involved a concentrated worship of idols to [find out] the future , including the time of death .

It was not possible to determine how the woman had died , since she was dismembered and her head was never found .
it was not possible to [find out] how the woman had died , since she was dismembered and her head was never found .

The coming months will determine whether those guarantees can prevent a right-wing backlash .
the coming months will [find out] whether those guarantees can prevent a right-wing backlash .

It is far better to determine the moment of release by positive control from the ground .
it is far better to [find out] the moment of release by positive control from the ground .

With experience , the flyer soon learns how to steer by allowing the kite to determine its direction as it terns from the vertical , then , with a combination of ground movements and line pull , it is controlled with precision .
with experience , the flyer soon learns how to steer by allowing the kite to [find out] its direction as it terns from the vertical , then , with a combination of ground movements and line pull , it is controlled with precision .

If both have identical mark positions but are still asymmetric then the fault can only be analysed by measuring line lengths to determine which is wrong .
if both have identical mark positions but are still asymmetric then the fault can only be analysed by measuring line lengths to [find out] which is wrong .

To determine how important radio was as a source of news 1 selected some news stories and tried to find out if and how Zambians in various parts of the country had learned of these events .
to [find out] how important radio was as a source of news 1 selected some news stories and tried to find out if and how zambians in various parts of the country had learned of these events .

If players have the freedom to act in their best interests as a response to the signals of the market place , it is simply not possible to determine the outcome of the game by reference to certain ideals of social justice .
if players have the freedom to act in their best interests as a response to the signals of the market place , it is simply not possible to [find out] the outcome of the game by reference to certain ideals of social justice .

First there are the ‘ productive forces ’ of an economy — its natural resources , technology and skills which determine the relationship between people and things .
first there are the ‘ productive forces ’ of an economy — its natural resources , technology and skills which [find out] the relationship between people and things .

Next are the ‘ productive relations ’ of an economy — its natural resources , technology and skills which determine the relationship between people and things .
next are the ‘ productive relations ’ of an economy — its natural resources , technology and skills which [find out] the relationship between people and things .

( Tests to determine the existence of a trade secret were naturally discussed in this case . )
( tests to [find out] the existence of a trade secret were naturally discussed in this case . )

That if the rent hereby reserved or any part thereof shall remain unpaid for twenty-one days after the same shall have become due ( whether formally demanded or not ) or if any covenant on the part of the Tenant herein contained shall not be performed or observed or if the Tenant shall become bankrupt or enter into any composition with his creditors it shall be lawful for the Landlord to re-enter upon the premises or any point thereof in the name of the whole and thereupon this demise shall absolutely determine .
that if the rent hereby reserved or any part thereof shall remain unpaid for twenty-one days after the same shall have become due ( whether formally demanded or not ) or if any covenant on the part of the tenant herein contained shall not be performed or observed or if the tenant shall become bankrupt or enter into any composition with his creditors it shall be lawful for the landlord to re-enter upon the premises or any point thereof in the name of the whole and thereupon this demise shall absolutely [find out] .

But the full value of the gift — and this is the tax trap — continues to be added to determine the rate of tax payable on his remaining estate .
but the full value of the gift — and this is the tax trap — continues to be added to [find out] the rate of tax payable on his remaining estate .

The first indication of the direction his mind ( or what passed for it ) was moving had come at the beginning of the trial when he called in two other judges to help determine whether the free pardon that Meehan had been granted quashed his conviction .
the first indication of the direction his mind ( or what passed for it ) was moving had come at the beginning of the trial when he called in two other judges to help [find out] whether the free pardon that meehan had been granted quashed his conviction .

To help determine your frame size , measure your wrists and ankles at their narrowest points .
to help [find out] your frame size , measure your wrists and ankles at their narrowest points .

At the end of 1985 the directors met to consider these figures and to determine future development policy with regard to the Dee Hall , in particular what to do with the adjoining Dee Cinema site .
at the end of 1985 the directors met to consider these figures and to [find out] future development policy with regard to the dee hall , in particular what to do with the adjoining dee cinema site .

We carried out a survey to determine how buyers of conference facilities selected venues .
we carried out a survey to [find out] how buyers of conference facilities selected venues .

We carried out a survey to determine how Chester was perceived as a venue for conferences as compared with other towns in the North and Midlands .
we carried out a survey to [find out] how chester was perceived as a venue for conferences as compared with other towns in the north and midlands .

Custom and practice determine whether any particular pub is managed or tenanted , and the company has no formal policy in favour of either alternative .
custom and practice [find out] whether any particular pub is managed or tenanted , and the company has no formal policy in favour of either alternative .

Great for creating curl , this brush is available with different sized diameters which in turn determine the size of the curl created .
great for creating curl , this brush is available with different sized diameters which in turn [find out] the size of the curl created .

Your choice of network interface card will determine the cabling system you 'll use .
your choice of network interface card will [find out] the cabling system you 'll use .

In the manual occupations it is difficult to determine a man 's actual position : a smith , for example , was a smith regardless of whether he was assessed at £2 or £20 .
in the manual occupations it is difficult to [find out] a man 's actual position : a smith , for example , was a smith regardless of whether he was assessed at £2 or £20 .

In order to determine what an event is , we must know the concept of the history in which the event is to occur .
in order to [find out] what an event is , we must know the concept of the history in which the event is to occur .

This is antipodal to the empirically visible history in which the time of all histories is the simple time of continuity and in which the ‘ content ’ is the vacuity of events that occur in it which one later tries to determine with dividing procedures in order to ‘ periodise ’ that continuity .
this is antipodal to the empirically visible history in which the time of all histories is the simple time of continuity and in which the ‘ content ’ is the vacuity of events that occur in it which one later tries to [find out] with dividing procedures in order to ‘ periodise ’ that continuity .

Total , or , elsewhere , global , history assumes a spatio-temporal continuity between all phenomena , and a certain homogeneity between them insofar as they all express the same form of historicity — Althusser 's essential section — whereas in general history the problem is precisely to determine the relation between different series : whereas a total history draws everything together according to a single principle , a general history analyses the space of dispersion and heterogeneous temporalities .
total , or , elsewhere , global , history assumes a spatio-temporal continuity between all phenomena , and a certain homogeneity between them insofar as they all express the same form of historicity — althusser 's essential section — whereas in general history the problem is precisely to [find out] the relation between different series : whereas a total history draws everything together according to a single principle , a general history analyses the space of dispersion and heterogeneous temporalities .

The journalist is constrained by the ‘ news value ’ that determine what is , and what is not , a ‘ good story ’ .
the journalist is constrained by the ‘ news value ’ that [find out] what is , and what is not , a ‘ good story ’ .

This would remove the overseers and , as one member put it , give the power to the Inland Revenue and to the Railway Assessment Authority to determine the basis of local taxation ( and by implication , the income of the institution ) .
this would remove the overseers and , as one member put it , give the power to the inland revenue and to the railway assessment authority to [find out] the basis of local taxation ( and by implication , the income of the institution ) .

At the start of his turn the Orc player must test amongst his troops to determine if Animosity has taken effect . You must test separately for each of the following :
at the start of his turn the orc player must test amongst his troops to [find out] if animosity has taken effect . you must test separately for each of the following :

In practice , the number of Bosses and Big Bosses you can afford will determine how many infantry and cavalry units you have .
in practice , the number of bosses and big bosses you can afford will [find out] how many infantry and cavalry units you have .

For each Fanatic in turn roll a scatter dice to determine which direction it moves in — the Goblin is now so utterly disorientated that he moves in a random direction .
for each fanatic in turn roll a scatter dice to [find out] which direction it moves in — the goblin is now so utterly disorientated that he moves in a random direction .

The need for this regular review is pin-pointed in the Fish Report ( 1984 ) which states that ‘ the relative nature of the majority of special educational needs means that schools determine the extent and nature of the needs which arise ’ .
the need for this regular review is pin-pointed in the fish report ( 1984 ) which states that ‘ the relative nature of the majority of special educational needs means that schools [find out] the extent and nature of the needs which arise ’ .

It is the teacher 's management of the learning environment that will determine effective learning for all , a point brought out by Ainscow and Tweddle ( 1988 ) .
it is the teacher 's management of the learning environment that will [find out] effective learning for all , a point brought out by ainscow and tweddle ( 1988 ) .

The interaction of the elements in figure 5.1 will determine the outcomes of both the stated and the hidden curriculum .
the interaction of the elements in figure 5.1 will [find out] the outcomes of both the stated and the hidden curriculum .

It had n't taken long to determine that the plane had been sabotaged .
it had n't taken long to [find out] that the plane had been sabotaged .

Once inside the building , it took Myeloski nearly twenty minutes to find the officer in charge and determine that no word had been received by the Tobolsk police regarding their impending arrival .
once inside the building , it took myeloski nearly twenty minutes to find the officer in charge and [find out] that no word had been received by the tobolsk police regarding their impending arrival .

Pruning in the second and subsequent years should try to begin a routine or system — and only your cultivation and experience will determine this — of removing wood that has flowered in proportion to the amount and vigour of new wood that the individual plant puts up .
pruning in the second and subsequent years should try to begin a routine or system — and only your cultivation and experience will [find out] this — of removing wood that has flowered in proportion to the amount and vigour of new wood that the individual plant puts up .

As mentioned above this would seem to determine a strategy of standing and waiting while your enemy advances towards you .
as mentioned above this would seem to [find out] a strategy of standing and waiting while your enemy advances towards you .

Although these ‘ informational building blocks ’ combine with a multiplicity of political and social factors to direct an individual 's action , they determine the limits of our knowledge and of our perceptions of events and their causes .
although these ‘ informational building blocks ’ combine with a multiplicity of political and social factors to direct an individual 's action , they [find out] the limits of our knowledge and of our perceptions of events and their causes .

Thus , the news values and news judgements which determine the content of the media not only direct our thinking to specific areas which the media define as ‘ important ’ but , conversely , direct our thinking away from other ‘ unimportant ’ areas .
thus , the news values and news judgements which [find out] the content of the media not only direct our thinking to specific areas which the media define as ‘ important ’ but , conversely , direct our thinking away from other ‘ unimportant ’ areas .

Such ideas , and lessons of history , are clearly of fundamental importance and should not be dismissed out of hand . Can they , however , satisfactorily incorporate the changes in societies which now determine the existence and practices of the present media ? How do they help us understand developments in the media ?
such ideas , and lessons of history , are clearly of fundamental importance and should not be dismissed out of hand . can they , however , satisfactorily incorporate the changes in societies which now [find out] the existence and practices of the present media ? how do they help us understand developments in the media ?

As Curran has forcefully shown , advertising also plays a part in shaping a newspaper and so the needs of advertising to some extent determine the nature of the newspaper .
as curran has forcefully shown , advertising also plays a part in shaping a newspaper and so the needs of advertising to some extent [find out] the nature of the newspaper .

More critically , it highlights the nature of the constraints on press ‘ freedom ’ : one simply can not do what one ‘ wants ’ ; the exigencies of the market determine what is , and is not , possible .
more critically , it highlights the nature of the constraints on press ‘ freedom ’ : one simply can not do what one ‘ wants ’ ; the exigencies of the market [find out] what is , and is not , possible .

Furthermore , structural reforms which simply aim to bring a balance to political representations in the media fail to address the broader question of which particular set of views need to be represented . Is it merely a matter of reproducing party political views and , if so , of which political parties ? Is it more appropriate to reproduce cross-cutting sectional views ? In other words , how does one determine which views are ‘ significant ’ and also ensure that these views are represented ?
furthermore , structural reforms which simply aim to bring a balance to political representations in the media fail to address the broader question of which particular set of views need to be represented . is it merely a matter of reproducing party political views and , if so , of which political parties ? is it more appropriate to reproduce cross-cutting sectional views ? in other words , how does one [find out] which views are ‘ significant ’ and also ensure that these views are represented ?

The Peacock Committee strongly believes in the need for individuals to determine their own needs and wants .
the peacock committee strongly believes in the need for individuals to [find out] their own needs and wants .

The idea that consumers should determine the fate of media by their exercise of economic choices would not be readily accepted by the ‘ left ’ .
the idea that consumers should [find out] the fate of media by their exercise of economic choices would not be readily accepted by the ‘ left ’ .

But this pattern was not unique to Britain and it merely confirmed the strength of the economic forces which were coming to determine the development of the newspaper industry and of the newspaper itself .
but this pattern was not unique to britain and it merely confirmed the strength of the economic forces which were coming to [find out] the development of the newspaper industry and of the newspaper itself .

It would seem , therefore , that in a health service financed from taxation , and under the ultimate financial control of government , there are some quite powerful constraints on the ability of the dominant occupational groups to determine the conditions under which they work .
it would seem , therefore , that in a health service financed from taxation , and under the ultimate financial control of government , there are some quite powerful constraints on the ability of the dominant occupational groups to [find out] the conditions under which they work .

In Britain , the doctors collectively have by and large retained the right to determine what conditions shall be deemed ‘ medical ’ , and , as individual practitioners , what treatment any given patient will receive .
in britain , the doctors collectively have by and large retained the right to [find out] what conditions shall be deemed ‘ medical ’ , and , as individual practitioners , what treatment any given patient will receive .

If ‘ professionals ’ are those who determine both the needs of their clients and how these shall be met , are lawyers professionals ?
if ‘ professionals ’ are those who [find out] both the needs of their clients and how these shall be met , are lawyers professionals ?

They have the ability to determine a person 's needs and thereafter hand over a solution to the problem in terms of their own definition .
they have the ability to [find out] a person 's needs and thereafter hand over a solution to the problem in terms of their own definition .

The protection of that model , and the benefits of legal charisma to individual clients , is the justifica-tion for the claims to power and privilege — power to determine the conditions of practice independently of the state and privilege in state protection for the monopolistic economic basis of that practice .
the protection of that model , and the benefits of legal charisma to individual clients , is the justifica-tion for the claims to power and privilege — power to [find out] the conditions of practice independently of the state and privilege in state protection for the monopolistic economic basis of that practice .

One , which could be seen as a little circular , is to look at the brains of mammals alive today and determine what they have in common .
one , which could be seen as a little circular , is to look at the brains of mammals alive today and [find out] what they have in common .

The situation has changed and it is now possible to determine , for example , how much oxygen is being used by a particular area of the brain while a subject does a task like reading or memorizing a word list ( Raichle 1983 ) .
the situation has changed and it is now possible to [find out] , for example , how much oxygen is being used by a particular area of the brain while a subject does a task like reading or memorizing a word list ( raichle 1983 ) .

As many parts of the brain contain cells of varying size , which may not all be involved in the same functions , biases of this sort may determine which functions are most strongly associated with unit activity .
as many parts of the brain contain cells of varying size , which may not all be involved in the same functions , biases of this sort may [find out] which functions are most strongly associated with unit activity .

Without such models it has been difficult to determine what the properties of these cortical areas should be .
without such models it has been difficult to [find out] what the properties of these cortical areas should be .

The second is to look at what visual systems do , build something that will do the same job , and then determine whether it works in the same way as a real visual system .
the second is to look at what visual systems do , build something that will do the same job , and then [find out] whether it works in the same way as a real visual system .

The Party , whilst retaining its formal prerogatives in the military-security field is in fact alleged to be increasingly hostage to the technical competence of what Frunze once called the ‘ brain of the Army ’ : an organisation with the expertise as well as the staff support to determine the framework within which issues are discussed and decisions taken .
the party , whilst retaining its formal prerogatives in the military-security field is in fact alleged to be increasingly hostage to the technical competence of what frunze once called the ‘ brain of the army ’ : an organisation with the expertise as well as the staff support to [find out] the framework within which issues are discussed and decisions taken .

Chomsky and Sampson claim that this tree-like decomposition of a sentence into its parts is a feature common to all human language , and is indeed the basis upon which we determine the meaning of a sentence from the way it is built up out of its parts ( an insight going back at least to Frege ) .
chomsky and sampson claim that this tree-like decomposition of a sentence into its parts is a feature common to all human language , and is indeed the basis upon which we [find out] the meaning of a sentence from the way it is built up out of its parts ( an insight going back at least to frege ) .

Thus we want to see the representational role of the newly juxtaposed elements as recognisably preserved within , and thereby helping to determine the new representational role of , the new signal in which they occur .
thus we want to see the representational role of the newly juxtaposed elements as recognisably preserved within , and thereby helping to [find out] the new representational role of , the new signal in which they occur .

He justifies this by proving mathematically that , except in highly abnormal viewing conditions , three views of a rigid object can uniquely determine its shape and motion .
he justifies this by proving mathematically that , except in highly abnormal viewing conditions , three views of a rigid object can uniquely [find out] its shape and motion .

( For example , the logically equivalent ‘ y over x ’ and ‘ x under y ’ are not psychologically equivalent : the first term in the relation should designate the thing whose location is to be determined , while the second should represent the immobile landmark that can be used to determine it . )
( for example , the logically equivalent ‘ y over x ’ and ‘ x under y ’ are not psychologically equivalent : the first term in the relation should designate the thing whose location is to be determined , while the second should represent the immobile landmark that can be used to [find out] it . )

And how does the economy determine which instance is to be dominant ?
and how does the economy [find out] which instance is to be dominant ?

Rather , knowledge is gained within the context of practices , which determine what a given individual knows and also contain certain standards as to what counts as knowledge .
rather , knowledge is gained within the context of practices , which [find out] what a given individual knows and also contain certain standards as to what counts as knowledge .

How do things determine one another ?
how do things [find out] one another ?

To interpret exceptions to the general rule that sexual dimorphism increases with the degree of polygyny , we need to remember that it is the comparative effects of phenotypic traits on reproductive success in males and females that will determine the degree of dimorphism and not the amount of variation in reproductive success per se ( see Price , 1970 ; Lande , 1980 ) .
to interpret exceptions to the general rule that sexual dimorphism increases with the degree of polygyny , we need to remember that it is the comparative effects of phenotypic traits on reproductive success in males and females that will [find out] the degree of dimorphism and not the amount of variation in reproductive success per se ( see price , 1970 ; lande , 1980 ) .

Our feelings so often determine how well or otherwise we shall choose to perform , and will also affect the quality of our work relationships .
our feelings so often [find out] how well or otherwise we shall choose to perform , and will also affect the quality of our work relationships .

Meanwhile , Spitfires were arriving at Prestwick and a survey was conducted to determine if the aircraft could be transferred by road to Glasgow .
meanwhile , spitfires were arriving at prestwick and a survey was conducted to [find out] if the aircraft could be transferred by road to glasgow .

determine whether any further information or tests are required for the intervention to be effective .
[find out] whether any further information or tests are required for the intervention to be effective .

If they start to fall beneath their percentile band then they are not growing or gaining weight at the expected rate and it is important to try to determine why this is happening .
if they start to fall beneath their percentile band then they are not growing or gaining weight at the expected rate and it is important to try to [find out] why this is happening .

Children who have very clear food preferences will determine their own diet and if a parent is concerned about the nutritional balance then seeking advice from a paediatrician or general practitioner who can refer to a dietician may alleviate concern .
children who have very clear food preferences will [find out] their own diet and if a parent is concerned about the nutritional balance then seeking advice from a paediatrician or general practitioner who can refer to a dietician may alleviate concern .

Parents vary in the quantity they expect their child to be able to eat so a food diary can help the therapist determine appropriate quantities with the parents .
parents vary in the quantity they expect their child to be able to eat so a food diary can help the therapist [find out] appropriate quantities with the parents .

All children have fads at different times which resolve as quickly as they arrive and so it can be difficult for parents to determine where they should start to draw the line .
all children have fads at different times which resolve as quickly as they arrive and so it can be difficult for parents to [find out] where they should start to draw the line .

This indicates that the maturational factor is very important in the majority of children and that this will determine when they are reliably dry and clean .
this indicates that the maturational factor is very important in the majority of children and that this will [find out] when they are reliably dry and clean .

the child 's history of toilet training both during the day and at night to determine whether it is primary or secondary in origin and its continuity
the child 's history of toilet training both during the day and at night to [find out] whether it is primary or secondary in origin and its continuity

the family history of enuresis to determine any hereditary factors
the family history of enuresis to [find out] any hereditary factors

the parents ' approach to toilet training and methods of managing the enuresis to determine whether the child has had appropriate opportunity to learn to be dry or whether undue stress and anxiety has been generated
the parents ' approach to toilet training and methods of managing the enuresis to [find out] whether the child has had appropriate opportunity to learn to be dry or whether undue stress and anxiety has been generated

the emotional environment at home to determine whether the child 's behaviour is a reflection of the tension and distress in the family .
the emotional environment at home to [find out] whether the child 's behaviour is a reflection of the tension and distress in the family .

Detailed files were kept on every student which could help determine what sort of assignment they received upon graduation .
detailed files were kept on every student which could help [find out] what sort of assignment they received upon graduation .

What could you measure to show that change was occurring ( ie how could you ‘ measure ’ something or things to determine whether you were successfully meeting the aims/goals you listed for Question 1 ?
what could you measure to show that change was occurring ( ie how could you ‘ measure ’ something or things to [find out] whether you were successfully meeting the aims/goals you listed for question 1 ?

Let us take the usable answers ( a ) — ( f ) for Question 2 and determine what antecedents and consequences are known to us from the text .
let us take the usable answers ( a ) — ( f ) for question 2 and [find out] what antecedents and consequences are known to us from the text .

These are harder to determine from the text than those given above .
these are harder to [find out] from the text than those given above .

This will enable you to determine whether there are any significant weaknesses of understanding .
this will enable you to [find out] whether there are any significant weaknesses of understanding .

Determine rewards ( and punishers , where appropriate )
[find out] rewards ( and punishers , where appropriate )

Now is the time to determine antecedents and consequences .
now is the time to [find out] antecedents and consequences .

Instructors are advised to ask the trainees to determine each step before using ‘ what happened ’ as an example .
instructors are advised to ask the trainees to [find out] each step before using ‘ what happened ’ as an example .

First , it is necessary to determine one or more behavioural teaching objectives .
first , it is necessary to [find out] one or more behavioural teaching objectives .

Chomsky started by defining the nature of the learning objective — that is , adult grammatical proficiency — and then worked backwards to determine how much of the workload in language learning had to be borne by innate knowledge .
chomsky started by defining the nature of the learning objective — that is , adult grammatical proficiency — and then worked backwards to [find out] how much of the workload in language learning had to be borne by innate knowledge .

In general terms , developmentalists take the view that it should be possible to examine the ways in which infants and young children interact with the physical world and with other people and to determine how they change as a result .
in general terms , developmentalists take the view that it should be possible to examine the ways in which infants and young children interact with the physical world and with other people and to [find out] how they change as a result .

Is it possible to determine the ways in which children think prior to the emergence of spoken language and , if so , what kinds of description can be offered for the conceptual understanding which precedes the expression of ideas in language ?
is it possible to [find out] the ways in which children think prior to the emergence of spoken language and , if so , what kinds of description can be offered for the conceptual understanding which precedes the expression of ideas in language ?

Fourth , the adult 's ongoing assessment of the child 's ability to understand what is being said and to make herself understood , may determine what the adult talks about and the way in which adult language is related to the context .
fourth , the adult 's ongoing assessment of the child 's ability to understand what is being said and to make herself understood , may [find out] what the adult talks about and the way in which adult language is related to the context .

There is , therefore , a danger that the assessment is carried out solely to determine the diagnosis and that treatment is designed for the diagnosis rather than for the child .
there is , therefore , a danger that the assessment is carried out solely to [find out] the diagnosis and that treatment is designed for the diagnosis rather than for the child .

An important function of assessment is that it can help determine the extent to which a child 's language is subject to changes over time .
an important function of assessment is that it can help [find out] the extent to which a child 's language is subject to changes over time .

One of the principal reasons for conducting a detailed assessment of a child 's language is to determine the most effective way of helping that child .
one of the principal reasons for conducting a detailed assessment of a child 's language is to [find out] the most effective way of helping that child .

However , the situation immediately becomes more complicated when an attempt is made to determine precisely what language a child is capable of producing , how much a child understands , and , if the child appears to be experiencing difficulties , just where these difficulties lie .
however , the situation immediately becomes more complicated when an attempt is made to [find out] precisely what language a child is capable of producing , how much a child understands , and , if the child appears to be experiencing difficulties , just where these difficulties lie .

Analysis is designed to determine how advanced any adult or child is in respect of learning the grammatical rules for the generation of complex sentences .
analysis is designed to [find out] how advanced any adult or child is in respect of learning the grammatical rules for the generation of complex sentences .

Checklists may be used not only to determine a child 's current level of functioning , but also to establish the focus for subsequent intervention .
checklists may be used not only to [find out] a child 's current level of functioning , but also to establish the focus for subsequent intervention .

An alternative approach to measuring content validity involves the use of correlational procedures to determine the extent to which performance on each item is associated with the overall test score .
an alternative approach to measuring content validity involves the use of correlational procedures to [find out] the extent to which performance on each item is associated with the overall test score .

Measures of concurrent validity must therefore be examined in order to determine whether the comparison measure is , in itself , a valid measure of the linguistic ability in question .
measures of concurrent validity must therefore be examined in order to [find out] whether the comparison measure is , in itself , a valid measure of the linguistic ability in question .

This test ( Fenn 1979 ) was designed to determine whether a child who is able to understand single words can also understand the relationships which are expressed by different forms of word order .
this test ( fenn 1979 ) was designed to [find out] whether a child who is able to understand single words can also understand the relationships which are expressed by different forms of word order .

The sentence pairs are designed to reflect important grammatical contrasts but , without information regarding how the particular contrasts were selected and how far they are representative of the grammatical skills available to children of this age , it is impossible to determine how useful they are as test items .
the sentence pairs are designed to reflect important grammatical contrasts but , without information regarding how the particular contrasts were selected and how far they are representative of the grammatical skills available to children of this age , it is impossible to [find out] how useful they are as test items .

These two criteria will determine the extent to which it is felt that the test can provide a meaningful assessment of children who may have additional articulatory , sensory or physical disorders , as well as possible linguistic difficulties .
these two criteria will [find out] the extent to which it is felt that the test can provide a meaningful assessment of children who may have additional articulatory , sensory or physical disorders , as well as possible linguistic difficulties .

Certain principles determine moving together , but there are important variations of the technique on different types of terrain .
certain principles [find out] moving together , but there are important variations of the technique on different types of terrain .

At the same time scientific method could protect the individual from the effects of social norms , thereby providing a context where they did not determine the content of thought .
at the same time scientific method could protect the individual from the effects of social norms , thereby providing a context where they did not [find out] the content of thought .

The historical location of the class takes into account its power , interests and organizational structure which all determine specific forms of class consciousness .
the historical location of the class takes into account its power , interests and organizational structure which all [find out] specific forms of class consciousness .

The moment of the break is not transcendent but it is a breaking free of the determinations of ideology — a moment in which the presuppositions that determine ideology are transformed by a critical response to them .
the moment of the break is not transcendent but it is a breaking free of the determinations of ideology — a moment in which the presuppositions that [find out] ideology are transformed by a critical response to them .

The relationship between the punchcard and the woven design can be hard to determine .
the relationship between the punchcard and the woven design can be hard to [find out] .

Is it the blanks or the punched holes that determine the floats ?
is it the blanks or the punched holes that [find out] the floats ?

There is a kind of mystical , powerful writing which does not simply evoke the spirit of place in order to determine action but seeks to converse with it , enter into a dialogue with all that has gone before .
there is a kind of mystical , powerful writing which does not simply evoke the spirit of place in order to [find out] action but seeks to converse with it , enter into a dialogue with all that has gone before .

These elements , much more central to the novel , interlock with the transformation , feed into it , determine it even , but they do not overshadow it .
these elements , much more central to the novel , interlock with the transformation , feed into it , [find out] it even , but they do not overshadow it .

They might have been refused by mainstream publishers or alternatively , and this is the more likely , they are making a positive choice to do it this way , since self-publication means that the writers can determine exactly what goes into their printed work .
they might have been refused by mainstream publishers or alternatively , and this is the more likely , they are making a positive choice to do it this way , since self-publication means that the writers can [find out] exactly what goes into their printed work .

Fortunately goldfish can thrive in a surprisingly-wide assortment of environmental conditions and we need to determine a practical range in which we can operate , and which will be satisfactory for our fish .
fortunately goldfish can thrive in a surprisingly-wide assortment of environmental conditions and we need to [find out] a practical range in which we can operate , and which will be satisfactory for our fish .

With this hierarchy one can determine commonalities among terms .
with this hierarchy one can [find out] commonalities among terms .

Further work is needed at the conceptual level in this area to determine the exact nature of the constraints required .
further work is needed at the conceptual level in this area to [find out] the exact nature of the constraints required .

However , there are also other factors which determine whether the low paid have slipped into poverty .
however , there are also other factors which [find out] whether the low paid have slipped into poverty .

If fusion was really taking place , then these products should be found and from the amount of heat measured one could determine the amount of fusion products that should have been seen ; the answer was calculated to be a staggering thousand billion neutrons per second .
if fusion was really taking place , then these products should be found and from the amount of heat measured one could [find out] the amount of fusion products that should have been seen ; the answer was calculated to be a staggering thousand billion neutrons per second .

Rose had been present in the audience at the press conference and afterwards commented to Taylor that ‘ What is needed is a detector of neutrons that has good energy resolution and is very efficient ’ ( so as to be able to determine a distribution of energies of the neutrons and determine whether they were being produced uniformly in all directions — as in thermonuclear fusion from a static plasma — or instead were on the average moving in some particular direction ) .
rose had been present in the audience at the press conference and afterwards commented to taylor that ‘ what is needed is a detector of neutrons that has good energy resolution and is very efficient ’ ( so as to be able to [find out] a distribution of energies of the neutrons and [find out] whether they were being produced uniformly in all directions — as in thermonuclear fusion from a static plasma — or instead were on the average moving in some particular direction ) .

You measure the temperature rise and from this determine how much power has entered ( to make this conversion it is necessary first to have calibrated the cell by , for example , placing a small resistance heater in the cell , putting in known amounts of power , measuring the temperature rise and determining the relationship between temperature and power ) .
you measure the temperature rise and from this [find out] how much power has entered ( to make this conversion it is necessary first to have calibrated the cell by , for example , placing a small resistance heater in the cell , putting in known amounts of power , measuring the temperature rise and determining the relationship between temperature and power ) .

The first ten minutes inside the ring at the Thomas and Mack Centre may determine whether Bowe has the will and the skill to produce another change of direction at the top of the heavyweight division .
the first ten minutes inside the ring at the thomas and mack centre may [find out] whether bowe has the will and the skill to produce another change of direction at the top of the heavyweight division .

It may be one that is large and far-reaching or it may appear relatively small and trivial but … ( of ) special significance for the person who makes it is that his choice will help to determine the pattern of his unique development over time .
it may be one that is large and far-reaching or it may appear relatively small and trivial but … ( of ) special significance for the person who makes it is that his choice will help to [find out] the pattern of his unique development over time .

It is important to stress that our self-image has the power to determine our attitudes and social behaviour .
it is important to stress that our self-image has the power to [find out] our attitudes and social behaviour .

Young babies have no knowledge of the social niceties which will thenceforward determine their social response .
young babies have no knowledge of the social niceties which will thenceforward [find out] their social response .

It means helping counsellees to look closely at their attitudes and beliefs , about themselves , about other people , and about life generally as an ageing person , in order to determine the effect these have on their lives , and upon the people close to them .
it means helping counsellees to look closely at their attitudes and beliefs , about themselves , about other people , and about life generally as an ageing person , in order to [find out] the effect these have on their lives , and upon the people close to them .

One task of the counsellor is to determine which members of the family are relevant to the processes which contribute to the problems being experienced — who to include and who to leave out .
one task of the counsellor is to [find out] which members of the family are relevant to the processes which contribute to the problems being experienced — who to include and who to leave out .

The problem that counsellors face is to determine whether reminiscence is a useful tool to use with an individual .
the problem that counsellors face is to [find out] whether reminiscence is a useful tool to use with an individual .

Reminiscence can provide the counsellor with invaluable insight into the nature and quality of the counsellee 's early formative years which can , to a large extent , determine the way people live their later lives .
reminiscence can provide the counsellor with invaluable insight into the nature and quality of the counsellee 's early formative years which can , to a large extent , [find out] the way people live their later lives .

Counselling has to be rooted in practical reality , with the dangers and opportunities of retirement being presented side by side , and with the understanding that personal decision and volition will determine a large part of the eventual outcome .
counselling has to be rooted in practical reality , with the dangers and opportunities of retirement being presented side by side , and with the understanding that personal decision and volition will [find out] a large part of the eventual outcome .

This can often be difficult to determine as attitudes towards openly discussing sexual matters have changed only in very recent times .
this can often be difficult to [find out] as attitudes towards openly discussing sexual matters have changed only in very recent times .

Social factors , such as the experience of loss , bereavement , depression , social isolation , lack of exercise and poor diet , can determine the way they think of themselves , their expectations of life , and ultimately their health .
social factors , such as the experience of loss , bereavement , depression , social isolation , lack of exercise and poor diet , can [find out] the way they think of themselves , their expectations of life , and ultimately their health .

It has been found that the intake of nutrients in the diet declines markedly in old age , and whilst it is difficult to determine to what extent this is caused by , or is the cause of , increased physical disease , the connection with elderly health is known to be significant .
it has been found that the intake of nutrients in the diet declines markedly in old age , and whilst it is difficult to [find out] to what extent this is caused by , or is the cause of , increased physical disease , the connection with elderly health is known to be significant .

Counselling the ill is more difficult than counselling the well , not least because of their reduced ability to think clearly , to make judgements , to arrive at sound decisions , to determine on a course of action and generally to fight their own battles .
counselling the ill is more difficult than counselling the well , not least because of their reduced ability to think clearly , to make judgements , to arrive at sound decisions , to [find out] on a course of action and generally to fight their own battles .

The problem is that it is often difficult to determine how long an individual has been drinking .
the problem is that it is often difficult to [find out] how long an individual has been drinking .

Psychologists use personal construct theory to get people to determine their own values and beliefs .
psychologists use personal construct theory to get people to [find out] their own values and beliefs .

At each significant event determine whether you were
at each significant event [find out] whether you were

So , if you want to create a successful miniature picture you must think small . Look at plants from all angles to determine how they can be used — maybe you could remove the petals and make a smaller flower with just a few of them ?
so , if you want to create a successful miniature picture you must think small . look at plants from all angles to [find out] how they can be used — maybe you could remove the petals and make a smaller flower with just a few of them ?

Questions to determine whether he had taken any steps to prevent him driving may be necessary , such as ‘ Where are the ignition keys ?
questions to [find out] whether he had taken any steps to prevent him driving may be necessary , such as ‘ where are the ignition keys ?

This was all the more so since the most fervent supporters of the League were precisely those traditional Liberal voters whose vacillations between the parties tended to determine the outcome of inter-war elections .
this was all the more so since the most fervent supporters of the league were precisely those traditional liberal voters whose vacillations between the parties tended to [find out] the outcome of inter-war elections .

Griffith had first to determine , at least approximately , the theoretical strength of the glass he was using .
griffith had first to [find out] , at least approximately , the theoretical strength of the glass he was using .

It is difficult to determine what proportion of these ships had wire rigging and which used the improved hemp but in any case it is clear that the West was largely won with better rope .
it is difficult to [find out] what proportion of these ships had wire rigging and which used the improved hemp but in any case it is clear that the west was largely won with better rope .

Inspections will be held at Cheltenham ( noon ) , Catterick and Leicester ( 2pm ) and Windsor ( 2.30pm ) to determine prospects for tomorrow .
inspections will be held at cheltenham ( noon ) , catterick and leicester ( 2pm ) and windsor ( 2.30pm ) to [find out] prospects for tomorrow .

The rate of auditor changes slowed dramatically during 1991 , note the authors , but there was not enough information to determine whether this was a fluke or a growing trend .
the rate of auditor changes slowed dramatically during 1991 , note the authors , but there was not enough information to [find out] whether this was a fluke or a growing trend .

In China , the science of Fung Shui , a method of divination to determine strong positive sites prior to the construction of houses , etc .
in china , the science of fung shui , a method of divination to [find out] strong positive sites prior to the construction of houses , etc .

He is involved in radiesthesic soil-testing in an attempt to determine the requirements of the soil for the purpose of restoring balance to elements which act as responsible agents for the propagation of crops .
he is involved in radiesthesic soil-testing in an attempt to [find out] the requirements of the soil for the purpose of restoring balance to elements which act as responsible agents for the propagation of crops .

The electrical information is recovered , and by the process of decoding it he can determine the amount of emotional stress in actual figures based on the levels of the electrical impulses picked up from the subjects .
the electrical information is recovered , and by the process of decoding it he can [find out] the amount of emotional stress in actual figures based on the levels of the electrical impulses picked up from the subjects .

His own diagnostic machine called the Dielectric Diagnostic Analyser , employs computerised biofeedback techniques to determine energy disturbances at cellular level .
his own diagnostic machine called the dielectric diagnostic analyser , employs computerised biofeedback techniques to [find out] energy disturbances at cellular level .

Some , usually those who are designated managers of the enterprise , can determine the social organization of the firm because they have the requisite scientific knowledge to define the work technology .
some , usually those who are designated managers of the enterprise , can [find out] the social organization of the firm because they have the requisite scientific knowledge to define the work technology .

Thus it comes about that the patterns of object-relationships which exist in the unconscious inner world determine the kinds of immature object-relations which people sustain in their outer world .
thus it comes about that the patterns of object-relationships which exist in the unconscious inner world [find out] the kinds of immature object-relations which people sustain in their outer world .

In societies such as colonial Sri Lanka , in which criminal law was made up of a set of rules , under this definition it is not normally difficult to determine whether or not an action was criminal .
in societies such as colonial sri lanka , in which criminal law was made up of a set of rules , under this definition it is not normally difficult to [find out] whether or not an action was criminal .

Under the legal definition of crime , it is in theory possible to determine the number of crimes committed in any one place over a period of time .
under the legal definition of crime , it is in theory possible to [find out] the number of crimes committed in any one place over a period of time .

This definition is partially motivated by the recognition that factors such as the race or social class of the offender and victim , rather than the nature or actual commission of an offence , may determine whether or not there is a conviction .
this definition is partially motivated by the recognition that factors such as the race or social class of the offender and victim , rather than the nature or actual commission of an offence , may [find out] whether or not there is a conviction .

Whether one believes that ideas of morality determine the content of criminal law or that they instead serve as justification for the state or a social class to exert economic and political control , the relationship between law and morals is important .
whether one believes that ideas of morality [find out] the content of criminal law or that they instead serve as justification for the state or a social class to exert economic and political control , the relationship between law and morals is important .

In most districts the same person held the posts of justice of the peace and police magistrate , but it was necessary for the complainant to determine in which capacity he wanted this official to act .
in most districts the same person held the posts of justice of the peace and police magistrate , but it was necessary for the complainant to [find out] in which capacity he wanted this official to act .

Government policy in the nineteenth century was important , but it did not determine the extent and geography of cattle stealing .
government policy in the nineteenth century was important , but it did not [find out] the extent and geography of cattle stealing .

It also should help determine why there was little organized stealing in the central highlands in the second half of the nineteenth century .
it also should help [find out] why there was little organized stealing in the central highlands in the second half of the nineteenth century .

Physical events are caused , human action is willed ; causes determine effects , the will is free .
physical events are caused , human action is willed ; causes [find out] effects , the will is free .

’ Chris Haskins , head of Hull-based Northern Foods , adds : ‘ Under the Thatcher regime , it was always : the market will determine everything and all we 'll do is control the money supply .
’ chris haskins , head of hull-based northern foods , adds : ‘ under the thatcher regime , it was always : the market will [find out] everything and all we 'll do is control the money supply .

The gain so computed will then be apportioned to determine the gain attributable to basic life assurance and general annuity business .
the gain so computed will then be apportioned to [find out] the gain attributable to basic life assurance and general annuity business .

The plaintiff applied by way of an originating summons for the Court to determine whether or not the Revenue could invoke s 485 .
the plaintiff applied by way of an originating summons for the court to [find out] whether or not the revenue could invoke s 485 .

The Special Commissioners had exclusive jurisdiction to determine the appeals , and to do so in relation to the facts as found before them .
the special commissioners had exclusive jurisdiction to [find out] the appeals , and to do so in relation to the facts as found before them .

As with anything that can not be easily quantified , it is difficult to determine the point where the benefits of additional information exceed the costs .
as with anything that can not be easily quantified , it is difficult to [find out] the point where the benefits of additional information exceed the costs .

Where it is determined that it is appropriate to report shares issued by subsidiaries in consolidated financial statements within minority interests rather than as a liability , it is necessary to determine whether they represent an equity or a non-equity interest .
where it is determined that it is appropriate to report shares issued by subsidiaries in consolidated financial statements within minority interests rather than as a liability , it is necessary to [find out] whether they represent an equity or a non-equity interest .

The central issues which require resolution are the criteria to be used to determine whether a capital instrument represents debt or equity and the treatment of instruments like convertible debt which will or may be exchanged for other instruments .
the central issues which require resolution are the criteria to be used to [find out] whether a capital instrument represents debt or equity and the treatment of instruments like convertible debt which will or may be exchanged for other instruments .

This criterion is not , however , used to determine the accounting for a company 's shares .
this criterion is not , however , used to [find out] the accounting for a company 's shares .

The Chief State pathologist , Professor Jan Botha , could not determine just how many stab wounds they had suffered — he said he lost count .
the chief state pathologist , professor jan botha , could not [find out] just how many stab wounds they had suffered — he said he lost count .

After a few more minutes she became restless , and stood up again , her eyes searching the slope of the hillside and the valley below , trying to determine whether some small movement down there was a man on horseback or merely a trick of her imagination .
after a few more minutes she became restless , and stood up again , her eyes searching the slope of the hillside and the valley below , trying to [find out] whether some small movement down there was a man on horseback or merely a trick of her imagination .

It is necessary to examine the company 's Articles of Association to ascertain the procedure for the declaration of dividends . Is it mandatory for the company to determine the dividends and their date of payment in general meeting ?
it is necessary to examine the company 's articles of association to ascertain the procedure for the declaration of dividends . is it mandatory for the company to [find out] the dividends and their date of payment in general meeting ?

More important problems are posed by the inevitable subjectivity associated with estimates of future outcomes and the absence of any yardstick by which the auditor can determine at what point the perceived variability in cash flows is such that it should be drawn to the attention of shareholders and other interested parties .
more important problems are posed by the inevitable subjectivity associated with estimates of future outcomes and the absence of any yardstick by which the auditor can [find out] at what point the perceived variability in cash flows is such that it should be drawn to the attention of shareholders and other interested parties .

There is no need for special rules for classic cars , but if it is considered that such rules are required , the most appropriate method is to determine the benefit by reference to the cost to the employer rather than original price .
there is no need for special rules for classic cars , but if it is considered that such rules are required , the most appropriate method is to [find out] the benefit by reference to the cost to the employer rather than original price .

These will determine , for instance , whether the present 50–50 split between the narrower range investments ( only in fixed interest ) and wider range investments ( fixed interest plus shares and unit trusts ) will be altered so that more money can be made available for fund mangers to invest .
these will [find out] , for instance , whether the present 50–50 split between the narrower range investments ( only in fixed interest ) and wider range investments ( fixed interest plus shares and unit trusts ) will be altered so that more money can be made available for fund mangers to invest .

Where retirement relief is also claimed , the agreement of the market value will be deferred , unless requested by the claimants , until it is necessary to determine either the amount of the retirement relief due or the transferee 's cost of the asset .
where retirement relief is also claimed , the agreement of the market value will be deferred , unless requested by the claimants , until it is necessary to [find out] either the amount of the retirement relief due or the transferee 's cost of the asset .

Experts will try to determine the level of the company 's debts , its assets and liabilities .
experts will try to [find out] the level of the company 's debts , its assets and liabilities .

The results will determine next year 's research grant .
the results will [find out] next year 's research grant .

It is exactly 40 years since the first record sales charts were compiled to determine who was top of the pops .
it is exactly 40 years since the first record sales charts were compiled to [find out] who was top of the pops .

Quite a nice catch for him , we might think , though who was catching whom exactly may not be so easy to determine — many a man , according to a rather cynical 19th-century doctor , was ‘ bounced into marriage ’ .
quite a nice catch for him , we might think , though who was catching whom exactly may not be so easy to [find out] — many a man , according to a rather cynical 19th-century doctor , was ‘ bounced into marriage ’ .

Now by looking at how the subjects perform on these tests , our researcher will be able to determine different degrees of accuracy for each of the morphemes focused upon in this way .
now by looking at how the subjects perform on these tests , our researcher will be able to [find out] different degrees of accuracy for each of the morphemes focused upon in this way .

It is surely they who have to determine relevance in this case , they who have to be convinced that what research has to say has a bearing on what they do .
it is surely they who have to [find out] relevance in this case , they who have to be convinced that what research has to say has a bearing on what they do .

They do not determine the activities of teaching and learning , but on the contrary are themselves required to conform to the changing perceptions and experiences of the teacher and learner .
they do not [find out] the activities of teaching and learning , but on the contrary are themselves required to conform to the changing perceptions and experiences of the teacher and learner .

The point is that whether descriptions are knowledge or behaviour oriented , type or token , they can not determine what the teacher does .
the point is that whether descriptions are knowledge or behaviour oriented , type or token , they can not [find out] what the teacher does .

And this is something which computer analysis of a corpus can not of course determine .
and this is something which computer analysis of a corpus can not of course [find out] .

The Inland Revenue has stated that it is not possible to set hard and fast rules to determine whether an ex gratia payment made to an employee who intends to seek further employment will be treated as made in connection with retirement ( p 105 ) .
the inland revenue has stated that it is not possible to set hard and fast rules to [find out] whether an ex gratia payment made to an employee who intends to seek further employment will be treated as made in connection with retirement ( p 105 ) .

Hodder & Stoughton 's Robert Bacon , marketing manager for paperback fiction , says that the results of the Hilary Norman campaign have been hard to determine , but views the response in the shops as ‘ reasonably encouraging ’ .
hodder & stoughton 's robert bacon , marketing manager for paperback fiction , says that the results of the hilary norman campaign have been hard to [find out] , but views the response in the shops as ‘ reasonably encouraging ’ .

Where directors receive a range of internal and external information on which to determine strategy , and monitor performance against that strategy , their companies will be in the best position to lead and to win .
where directors receive a range of internal and external information on which to [find out] strategy , and monitor performance against that strategy , their companies will be in the best position to lead and to win .

The role of the examinations is to determine which of the candidates have reached a set standard .
the role of the examinations is to [find out] which of the candidates have reached a set standard .

In response to a letter from the Law Society , the Revenue states that it is not possible to set hard and fast rules to determine whether a payment made to an employee who intends to seek further employment will be treated as made in connection with retirement .
in response to a letter from the law society , the revenue states that it is not possible to set hard and fast rules to [find out] whether a payment made to an employee who intends to seek further employment will be treated as made in connection with retirement .

The Secretary of State has been asked to determine the test case , which has been brought against the Agency , under s 17 ( 1 ) , Social Security Administration Act 1992 .
the secretary of state has been asked to [find out] the test case , which has been brought against the agency , under s 17 ( 1 ) , social security administration act 1992 .

For example anthropologists have argued that in those societies where women are allowed to inherit as well as men this can determine many other aspects of social relations .
for example anthropologists have argued that in those societies where women are allowed to inherit as well as men this can [find out] many other aspects of social relations .

Looking at the evidence available , there seem to be four main principles which determine who offers personal care .
looking at the evidence available , there seem to be four main principles which [find out] who offers personal care .

many children 's solicitors found it difficult to determine the child 's competence to give instructions . Some solicitors adopted a ‘ welfare ’ approach , acting against their client 's instructions in the belief that for them to be released would not be in their interests ; and
many children 's solicitors found it difficult to [find out] the child 's competence to give instructions . some solicitors adopted a ‘ welfare ’ approach , acting against their client 's instructions in the belief that for them to be released would not be in their interests ; and

It is important to determine whether Bcl-2 blocks c-Myc-induced proliferation as well as apoptosis : the synergy between c-Myc and Bcl-2 can easily be rationalized if Bcl-2 blocks only the apoptotic function of c-Myc and leaves its mitogenic activity unaffected .
it is important to [find out] whether bcl-2 blocks c-myc-induced proliferation as well as apoptosis : the synergy between c-myc and bcl-2 can easily be rationalized if bcl-2 blocks only the apoptotic function of c-myc and leaves its mitogenic activity unaffected .

What factors might determine the relative contribution of pre- and postsynaptic mechanisms at a given synapse ?
what factors might [find out] the relative contribution of pre- and postsynaptic mechanisms at a given synapse ?

In a series of analyses , we vary the climate sensitivity and a scaling factor linking changes in solar cycle length to radiative forcing , and determine the best fit between annual modelled and observed global-mean ( land-plus-marine ) temperature by maximizing the explained variance over the period 1861–1985 ( following ref .
in a series of analyses , we vary the climate sensitivity and a scaling factor linking changes in solar cycle length to radiative forcing , and [find out] the best fit between annual modelled and observed global-mean ( land-plus-marine ) temperature by maximizing the explained variance over the period 1861–1985 ( following ref .

We now combine greenhouse and solar forcing to determine whether a better fit between modelled and observed temperature can be obtained by including the solar component .
we now combine greenhouse and solar forcing to [find out] whether a better fit between modelled and observed temperature can be obtained by including the solar component .

Attempts r3,20,21 to determine from eyewitness reports typically give shallow trajectories , in the range 5–17° .
attempts r3,20,21 to [find out] from eyewitness reports typically give shallow trajectories , in the range 5–17° .

Evidently it is difficult to determine the true inclination of the Tunguska bolide , and eyewitness reports gathered 20 years after the event are particularly suspect .
evidently it is difficult to [find out] the true inclination of the tunguska bolide , and eyewitness reports gathered 20 years after the event are particularly suspect .

The main use of palaeomagnetic poles is to determine tectonic movement , when it is essential to know whether the rocks have been stamped by a normal or reversed field .
the main use of palaeomagnetic poles is to [find out] tectonic movement , when it is essential to know whether the rocks have been stamped by a normal or reversed field .

We now consider the thermal state and crustal thickness , to determine the likelihood that the trondhjemites were produced by melting of the lower crust .
we now consider the thermal state and crustal thickness , to [find out] the likelihood that the trondhjemites were produced by melting of the lower crust .

The proximity of the pulsar to the Earth should make it possible to determine its distance directly through the measurement of annual trigonometric parallax , the apparent shift in the pulsar position due to the motion of the Earth about the Sun .
the proximity of the pulsar to the earth should make it possible to [find out] its distance directly through the measurement of annual trigonometric parallax , the apparent shift in the pulsar position due to the motion of the earth about the sun .

These voters often determine the outcome of statewide elections , and Texas politicos predict that they will do the same this time ; if not in the primary ( where the winner must get more than 50 % of the vote , which is unlikely ) , then in the run-off in June .
these voters often [find out] the outcome of statewide elections , and texas politicos predict that they will do the same this time ; if not in the primary ( where the winner must get more than 50 % of the vote , which is unlikely ) , then in the run-off in june .

California , however , takes as its tax base a slice of the multinational 's worldwide profits , using the proportion of a firm 's global workforce , property and sales within its own borders to determine the size of that slice .
california , however , takes as its tax base a slice of the multinational 's worldwide profits , using the proportion of a firm 's global workforce , property and sales within its own borders to [find out] the size of that slice .

It was made use of on 8 November by Cardinal Frings of Cologne precisely to call the Theological Commission into line , reminding it that it was there to carry out the wishes of the Council , not to determine what the Council should decide .
it was made use of on 8 november by cardinal frings of cologne precisely to call the theological commission into line , reminding it that it was there to carry out the wishes of the council , not to [find out] what the council should decide .

( b ) The duty of a criminal judge is not to determine the degree of moral responsibility of a delinquent but his material guilt or physical responsibility , and this once proven , to fix the form of social preservation best suited to the defendant according to the anthropological category to which he belongs .
( b ) the duty of a criminal judge is not to [find out] the degree of moral responsibility of a delinquent but his material guilt or physical responsibility , and this once proven , to fix the form of social preservation best suited to the defendant according to the anthropological category to which he belongs .

, p. 634 , quoting Taft ) : ‘ It is not the task of the criminologist to determine what is the major social good ’ .
, p. 634 , quoting taft ) : ‘ it is not the task of the criminologist to [find out] what is the major social good ’ .

When they considered social and economic factors they saw themselves as detached scientists just ‘ presenting the facts ’ and not ( as Taft ( 1942 , p. 634 ) put it ) aiming ‘ to determine what is the major social good ’ .
when they considered social and economic factors they saw themselves as detached scientists just ‘ presenting the facts ’ and not ( as taft ( 1942 , p. 634 ) put it ) aiming ‘ to [find out] what is the major social good ’ .

The ‘ societal response ’ seemed to determine the outcome in much the same way , if not more so , as social and economic variables in sociological positivism .
the ‘ societal response ’ seemed to [find out] the outcome in much the same way , if not more so , as social and economic variables in sociological positivism .

But proving the necessity of crime requires more than showing that some things that were formerly criminal are now important parts of healthy social life ( even if we were to accept that we can objectively determine what constitutes healthy social life ) .
but proving the necessity of crime requires more than showing that some things that were formerly criminal are now important parts of healthy social life ( even if we were to accept that we can objectively [find out] what constitutes healthy social life ) .

It is a common good defined by those who have been in a position to define it as such ( through their access to the processes that determine the nature of legal rules ) .
it is a common good defined by those who have been in a position to define it as such ( through their access to the processes that [find out] the nature of legal rules ) .

First , accept the reality of some risk in the placement of children in such schools and continue to work to determine just what is an acceptable minimum level of risk , especially as compared to not placing a child away from home .
first , accept the reality of some risk in the placement of children in such schools and continue to work to [find out] just what is an acceptable minimum level of risk , especially as compared to not placing a child away from home .

So Dr Palcic and his team are developing a second test to help decide who might benefit from their first test — they are trying to determine whether a patient might have signs of lung cancer by looking at cells coughed up in his sputum .
so dr palcic and his team are developing a second test to help decide who might benefit from their first test — they are trying to [find out] whether a patient might have signs of lung cancer by looking at cells coughed up in his sputum .

Carefully logging the state of progress on all manufacturing and site work , they were able to determine priorities which were likely overall to increase the rate of commissioning of working stations rather than partial completions .
carefully logging the state of progress on all manufacturing and site work , they were able to [find out] priorities which were likely overall to increase the rate of commissioning of working stations rather than partial completions .

The Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988 requires states to reach agreements with their tribes , which are sovereign nations , to determine what sort of gambling , and how much of it , is allowed on reservations .
the indian gaming regulatory act of 1988 requires states to reach agreements with their tribes , which are sovereign nations , to [find out] what sort of gambling , and how much of it , is allowed on reservations .

This should determine how we look at the Koran now … We have to live in the present , not make our present in the past .
this should [find out] how we look at the koran now … we have to live in the present , not make our present in the past .

Apart from the strong suspicion that the revenue officers of Wigtown were rather too closely associated with smuggling , their failure to determine at their first survey the proper quantity of dutiable iron imported by Bailie Hooks suggested a method of changing the composition of the town council when the vital election of a delegate to represent the burgh at the ensuing parliamentary election was to be held .
apart from the strong suspicion that the revenue officers of wigtown were rather too closely associated with smuggling , their failure to [find out] at their first survey the proper quantity of dutiable iron imported by bailie hooks suggested a method of changing the composition of the town council when the vital election of a delegate to represent the burgh at the ensuing parliamentary election was to be held .

The unlucky Robert Carrick did not despair , however , for he found his own method of bringing political pressure into play , for he was the brother-in-law of Mr. Glassford of Tillicoultry , a Glasgow merchant , whose votes would determine the outcome of the parliamentary election for Clackmannanshire in 1806 .
the unlucky robert carrick did not despair , however , for he found his own method of bringing political pressure into play , for he was the brother-in-law of mr. glassford of tillicoultry , a glasgow merchant , whose votes would [find out] the outcome of the parliamentary election for clackmannanshire in 1806 .

The proof of a close connection with men of power was provided in burgh politics by a politician 's ability to determine the fate of minor resident officials , and the Cunningham party was clearly being outmanoeuvred by the Haldanes in this matter .
the proof of a close connection with men of power was provided in burgh politics by a politician 's ability to [find out] the fate of minor resident officials , and the cunningham party was clearly being outmanoeuvred by the haldanes in this matter .

Despite this interest in the way families raise their children , there nevertheless remains a fundamental belief that parents have an inviolable right to determine their children 's upbringing independently of outside interference .
despite this interest in the way families raise their children , there nevertheless remains a fundamental belief that parents have an inviolable right to [find out] their children 's upbringing independently of outside interference .

It is suggested that views diverge on the central question of the rights of parents to custody and control of their children in relation to the right of the state ( acting through courts and social work agencies ) to intervene in the parent-child relationship , to remove children from their parents , to allocate their care and control to other parties , and to determine their subsequent upbringing .
it is suggested that views diverge on the central question of the rights of parents to custody and control of their children in relation to the right of the state ( acting through courts and social work agencies ) to intervene in the parent-child relationship , to remove children from their parents , to allocate their care and control to other parties , and to [find out] their subsequent upbringing .

Nevertheless , finding more black adoptive families will necessitate more black social workers in the key agency posts that determine policy , more black social workers involved in family finding and child placements , and recognition of the strengths of black families .
nevertheless , finding more black adoptive families will necessitate more black social workers in the key agency posts that [find out] policy , more black social workers involved in family finding and child placements , and recognition of the strengths of black families .

Consequently , the neighbourhood they live in , the interests they have , the lifestyle of their friends and colleagues , will necessarily determine what is reality for the child .
consequently , the neighbourhood they live in , the interests they have , the lifestyle of their friends and colleagues , will necessarily [find out] what is reality for the child .

Such events led greens to suspect that the Forest Service and timber industry people had been in cahoots , trying to determine not only how best to make the plan public , but also how best to ensure its demise .
such events led greens to suspect that the forest service and timber industry people had been in cahoots , trying to [find out] not only how best to make the plan public , but also how best to ensure its demise .

Class , race and gender differences can determine the quality of transition in terms of what training is provided and where it leads .
class , race and gender differences can [find out] the quality of transition in terms of what training is provided and where it leads .

The letter was at pains to stress the parents ' involvement and their rights : ‘ If it is agreed that the Authority should determine the special educational provision for your child … your further rights under the Education Act 1981 will be explained to you .
the letter was at pains to stress the parents ' involvement and their rights : ‘ if it is agreed that the authority should [find out] the special educational provision for your child … your further rights under the education act 1981 will be explained to you .

In both cases the parents ' resignation to the inevitability of the assessment outcome arose from their having no opportunity to determine or seriously influence the objectives of the assessment nor to contribute to the conceptual framework within which their children 's needs were being assessed .
in both cases the parents ' resignation to the inevitability of the assessment outcome arose from their having no opportunity to [find out] or seriously influence the objectives of the assessment nor to contribute to the conceptual framework within which their children 's needs were being assessed .

Impossible to determine whether military or civilian .
impossible to [find out] whether military or civilian .

‘ Well , when — and if — we ever raise that hull , we should be able to kill two birds with one stone : to determine the causes of both the explosions and this man 's death .
‘ well , when — and if — we ever raise that hull , we should be able to kill two birds with one stone : to [find out] the causes of both the explosions and this man 's death .

David Redden , the senior vice president at Sotheby 's who arranged the loan said that Sotheby 's approached the society with the idea of giving ‘ them the breathing space they so desperately needed while they were trying to determine what they were going to do next for themselves … with the hope that other institutions will join in ’ .
david redden , the senior vice president at sotheby 's who arranged the loan said that sotheby 's approached the society with the idea of giving ‘ them the breathing space they so desperately needed while they were trying to [find out] what they were going to do next for themselves … with the hope that other institutions will join in ’ .

( 1 ) Reid remarks that ‘ a man born blind , if he were instructed in mathematics , would be able to determine the visible figure of a body , when its real figure , distance , and position , are given .
( 1 ) reid remarks that ‘ a man born blind , if he were instructed in mathematics , would be able to [find out] the visible figure of a body , when its real figure , distance , and position , are given .

It makes no more sense to say that the perspectival appearance is true ( or false ) of the object than it would be to say that the size of the angle of a triangle is true ( or false ) of the other two angles , which determine its size .
it makes no more sense to say that the perspectival appearance is true ( or false ) of the object than it would be to say that the size of the angle of a triangle is true ( or false ) of the other two angles , which [find out] its size .

McTaggart can not accept this Humean view because he can discover no relation between mental states which could determine the bundle to which they belong other than one through the self : ‘ We must say that those states , and those only , which are states of the same self form the bundle of parts of that self .
mctaggart can not accept this humean view because he can discover no relation between mental states which could [find out] the bundle to which they belong other than one through the self : ‘ we must say that those states , and those only , which are states of the same self form the bundle of parts of that self .

Ultra-violet examinations were used to determine the thickness of varnish and the restoration work executed on the top of the varnish .
ultra-violet examinations were used to [find out] the thickness of varnish and the restoration work executed on the top of the varnish .

While it is not possible to determine how widespread it was , examples were found in specialized journals and publications for the wider public .
while it is not possible to [find out] how widespread it was , examples were found in specialized journals and publications for the wider public .

Any attempt to determine either the direction of or the reason for changes in economic status must look at these four factors separately .
any attempt to [find out] either the direction of or the reason for changes in economic status must look at these four factors separately .

Table 3.1 lists the four factors which determine the financial status of elderly people — employment , state benefits , private savings , and family transfers — and it can be seen that their relative shares have changed over time , with the decline in employment income roughly matching the rise in state benefits .
table 3.1 lists the four factors which [find out] the financial status of elderly people — employment , state benefits , private savings , and family transfers — and it can be seen that their relative shares have changed over time , with the decline in employment income roughly matching the rise in state benefits .

Official and public attitudes towards older workers — which to a large extent determine the extent of their inclusion in or exclusion from the labour force — rest primarily on the demand for labour .
official and public attitudes towards older workers — which to a large extent [find out] the extent of their inclusion in or exclusion from the labour force — rest primarily on the demand for labour .

These findings suggest that disability levels help to determine the type of household in which elderly people live .
these findings suggest that disability levels help to [find out] the type of household in which elderly people live .

On the locomotive side an ‘ in depth ’ examination is currently taking place on No. 6 ‘ Douglas ’ to determine the full extent of the work required for a major overhaul in connection with the provision of a new boiler .
on the locomotive side an ‘ in depth ’ examination is currently taking place on no. 6 ‘ douglas ’ to [find out] the full extent of the work required for a major overhaul in connection with the provision of a new boiler .

David DuBon has had to battle with a notoriously difficult subject , and is not afraid to state the plain facts , such as : ‘ it is no longer possible to determine whether its present form is that of the original piece ’ ( Vol .
david dubon has had to battle with a notoriously difficult subject , and is not afraid to state the plain facts , such as : ‘ it is no longer possible to [find out] whether its present form is that of the original piece ’ ( vol .

Yet if a poll were taken tomorrow morning on the corner of West Broadway and Prince St to determine who was the most politically incorrect artist in town , Steve Gianakos 's name would surely zoom to the top of the list .
yet if a poll were taken tomorrow morning on the corner of west broadway and prince st to [find out] who was the most politically incorrect artist in town , steve gianakos 's name would surely zoom to the top of the list .

It was the Committee of Ministers which had the ability to determine budgets , decide on employment in the secretariat , and rule on applications for membership .
it was the committee of ministers which had the ability to [find out] budgets , decide on employment in the secretariat , and rule on applications for membership .

Cranking the aircraft around in order to spot the rest of the attacking aircraft and determine the damage caused to the target , the Blenheim stayed in the Bremen area for 10 minutes , attracting a great deal of flak and being hit about 20 times .
cranking the aircraft around in order to spot the rest of the attacking aircraft and [find out] the damage caused to the target , the blenheim stayed in the bremen area for 10 minutes , attracting a great deal of flak and being hit about 20 times .

The shape and configuration of the front points will determine what they are most suitable for .
the shape and configuration of the front points will [find out] what they are most suitable for .

Crews were even dispatched to determine if any of the aircraft could be made airworthy .
crews were even dispatched to [find out] if any of the aircraft could be made airworthy .

If we were to come across an object the like of which we had never before encountered , we would be in no position to determine whether it was an artefact or not , or to conclude with certainty that it had actually been designed and made by human beings .
if we were to come across an object the like of which we had never before encountered , we would be in no position to [find out] whether it was an artefact or not , or to conclude with certainty that it had actually been designed and made by human beings .

Such diverse figures as McLeod Campbell , Schaff , Hodge and Ritschl began to insist ( even if they did not always fully carry it through ) that the person and work of Christ must determine the whole shape of Christian thinking .
such diverse figures as mcleod campbell , schaff , hodge and ritschl began to insist ( even if they did not always fully carry it through ) that the person and work of christ must [find out] the whole shape of christian thinking .

As far as the working classes were concerned all that was needed was managers who could determine the right mix of films and the right range of prices to suit the specific down-town drop-in cinemas and even more the neighbourhood and small-town cinemas that were now increasingly thought of as catering for ‘ industrial ’ or working-men audiences .
as far as the working classes were concerned all that was needed was managers who could [find out] the right mix of films and the right range of prices to suit the specific down-town drop-in cinemas and even more the neighbourhood and small-town cinemas that were now increasingly thought of as catering for ‘ industrial ’ or working-men audiences .

It was what would be shown on the screens of the new theatres that would ultimately determine what was always referred to as ‘ the tone ’ of the movies as a social custom .
it was what would be shown on the screens of the new theatres that would ultimately [find out] what was always referred to as ‘ the tone ’ of the movies as a social custom .

Battison and Jordan report several types of study to determine if signers from different countries understand each others ' signing .
battison and jordan report several types of study to [find out] if signers from different countries understand each others ' signing .

The fact that deafness is an emotive area of practice anyway tends to heighten these factors and can determine the eventual success of the learner .
the fact that deafness is an emotive area of practice anyway tends to heighten these factors and can [find out] the eventual success of the learner .

Local conditions , priorities and the actual setting in which the signing is to appear will determine suitability .
local conditions , priorities and the actual setting in which the signing is to appear will [find out] suitability .

Given our general theme , that it has been attitudes which determine methods , it is perhaps not surprising for the reader to discover that the amount of research on the effects of the systems of signing is very small indeed .
given our general theme , that it has been attitudes which [find out] methods , it is perhaps not surprising for the reader to discover that the amount of research on the effects of the systems of signing is very small indeed .

Long before the appearance of Circular 10/65 a small number of primary school teachers had argued that secondary school selection should not determine the primary school curriculum .
long before the appearance of circular 10/65 a small number of primary school teachers had argued that secondary school selection should not [find out] the primary school curriculum .

Should parents have a right to determine how schools were run ?
should parents have a right to [find out] how schools were run ?

What will the curriculum contain and who will determine its contents ?
what will the curriculum contain and who will [find out] its contents ?

Although school has an important part to play in a young child 's total development , the tensions of life beyond the classroom are likely to be the ones which determine educational failure or educational success .
although school has an important part to play in a young child 's total development , the tensions of life beyond the classroom are likely to be the ones which [find out] educational failure or educational success .

The workings of the Act require that every child with special needs be individually assessed to determine whether
the workings of the act require that every child with special needs be individually assessed to [find out] whether

These are partly determined by and partly determine the other attributes .
these are partly determined by and partly [find out] the other attributes .

Climate and economics need to be included because these factors may well determine features which at first sight might be attributed to ethnic or cultural factors .
climate and economics need to be included because these factors may well [find out] features which at first sight might be attributed to ethnic or cultural factors .

Even with hindsight this is not easy to determine .
even with hindsight this is not easy to [find out] .

Deductions can be made by statistical comparisons of samples to determine whether they are from different populations .
deductions can be made by statistical comparisons of samples to [find out] whether they are from different populations .

To begin with there is no single ability , rather there are several like speed , accuracy , strength , endurance and resilience which combine in manifold ways to determine the ‘ raw material ’ to be shaped .
to begin with there is no single ability , rather there are several like speed , accuracy , strength , endurance and resilience which combine in manifold ways to [find out] the ‘ raw material ’ to be shaped .

Thus the economic , political and organizational contexts within which teachers work determine which pupil categorizations they take for granted , which they question and dispute , and what those categorizations are .
thus the economic , political and organizational contexts within which teachers work [find out] which pupil categorizations they take for granted , which they question and dispute , and what those categorizations are .

This Fel test is to determine whether the Ghosts accept the adventurers ' intentions , or whether they remain unhappy about them .
this fel test is to [find out] whether the ghosts accept the adventurers ' intentions , or whether they remain unhappy about them .

You should determine a suitably demanding solution to the problem for yourself .
you should [find out] a suitably demanding solution to the problem for yourself .

Determine randomly which character is nearest to the pupa , and is the one to witness the transformation .
[find out] randomly which character is nearest to the pupa , and is the one to witness the transformation .

Comparative studies can lead to a greater understanding of the factors and processes which determine industrial relations phenomena since ‘ the comparative method leads to questions regarding the reasons for the observed comparisons and contrasts ’ ( Dunlop , 1958 , p. vi ) .
comparative studies can lead to a greater understanding of the factors and processes which [find out] industrial relations phenomena since ‘ the comparative method leads to questions regarding the reasons for the observed comparisons and contrasts ’ ( dunlop , 1958 , p. vi ) .

Within any given grouping there is a further need to determine the number of countries to be investigated and also the level at which the comparison should proceed .
within any given grouping there is a further need to [find out] the number of countries to be investigated and also the level at which the comparison should proceed .

His explanation is not , as is often supposed , the fact that in Britain multi-employer agreements failed to determine actual earnings levels in the workplace , or that employers have come to prefer independent negotiations .
his explanation is not , as is often supposed , the fact that in britain multi-employer agreements failed to [find out] actual earnings levels in the workplace , or that employers have come to prefer independent negotiations .

Therefore , we now need to examine the explanatory factors which help determine on an inter-country basis each of the three major types of bargaining structure which have been identified .
therefore , we now need to examine the explanatory factors which help [find out] on an inter-country basis each of the three major types of bargaining structure which have been identified .

Thus , the Act of Appeals of 1533 empowered him to punish heretics and hinted that he possessed the additional authority to determine what constituted heresy .
thus , the act of appeals of 1533 empowered him to punish heretics and hinted that he possessed the additional authority to [find out] what constituted heresy .

By deciding on the size and position of the flower beds first , you will be able to determine the best route for the path , and its shape .
by deciding on the size and position of the flower beds first , you will be able to [find out] the best route for the path , and its shape .

As with all special paints , read the label carefully to determine how and where it should be used .
as with all special paints , read the label carefully to [find out] how and where it should be used .

The method of access will also help to determine the length of the pit .
the method of access will also help to [find out] the length of the pit .

Homogeneous unit totals ( to determine the degree of penetration into the different sub-groupings of society ) .
homogeneous unit totals ( to [find out] the degree of penetration into the different sub-groupings of society ) .

How many hours a week is each room , the hall and the church , sanctuary used , and by how many people each week ? In what ways can their use be rightly extended ? What alterations need to be made to our programme and the structure and decor of the building to make them more adaptable and attractive ? Again , by measuring each year , we can determine what progress we are succeeding in making .
how many hours a week is each room , the hall and the church , sanctuary used , and by how many people each week ? in what ways can their use be rightly extended ? what alterations need to be made to our programme and the structure and decor of the building to make them more adaptable and attractive ? again , by measuring each year , we can [find out] what progress we are succeeding in making .

It summed up its findings thus : ‘ It is extremely difficult , often impossible to determine what considerations lie behind the framing of any particular set of charges .
it summed up its findings thus : ‘ it is extremely difficult , often impossible to [find out] what considerations lie behind the framing of any particular set of charges .

and determine in their sole discretion whether , and if so which , enhancements and modifications will be implemented .
and [find out] in their sole discretion whether , and if so which , enhancements and modifications will be implemented .

5.2 The Proprietor further grants to the Publisher the right to grant sub-licenses under the Licence hereby granted on such terms as the Publisher may determine .
5.2 the proprietor further grants to the publisher the right to grant sub-licenses under the licence hereby granted on such terms as the publisher may [find out] .

These structures can not really determine the form and content of a political movement — hence , as the entire story of Labourism so clearly demonstrates , when political parties embrace this basis they finish by being determined by quite different factors .
these structures can not really [find out] the form and content of a political movement — hence , as the entire story of labourism so clearly demonstrates , when political parties embrace this basis they finish by being determined by quite different factors .

Such comparatively unimportant details can sometimes help to determine priority of issue .
such comparatively unimportant details can sometimes help to [find out] priority of issue .

Particularly in dealing with civil service officials or elected political leaders there are obvious objections to assuming that their class origins and educational backgrounds decisively shape their political attitudes , and that their social origins and political attitudes jointly determine their policy-making behaviour ( Meier , 1975 ) .
particularly in dealing with civil service officials or elected political leaders there are obvious objections to assuming that their class origins and educational backgrounds decisively shape their political attitudes , and that their social origins and political attitudes jointly [find out] their policy-making behaviour ( meier , 1975 ) .

They multiply this benefit by the likelihood that their personal contribution to the interest group will determine its success or continued existence .
they multiply this benefit by the likelihood that their personal contribution to the interest group will [find out] its success or continued existence .

In his account Marxism is an ‘ anti-humanism ’ , concerned exclusively with how different ‘ deep ’ structures ( economic , political , ideological and scientific ) determine all surface features of social life .
in his account marxism is an ‘ anti-humanism ’ , concerned exclusively with how different ‘ deep ’ structures ( economic , political , ideological and scientific ) [find out] all surface features of social life .

Changes in the economic base of society determine shifts in the political and legal superstructure .
changes in the economic base of society [find out] shifts in the political and legal superstructure .

Nevertheless the legacy of the war did determine his career choices .
nevertheless the legacy of the war did [find out] his career choices .

Evolution ( as a series of historical developments ) and diffusion blend together to furnish the wider setting for particular customs and beliefs ; they place the latter in situ , but they do not determine their meaning as functioning parts of a given contemporary social structure .
evolution ( as a series of historical developments ) and diffusion blend together to furnish the wider setting for particular customs and beliefs ; they place the latter in situ , but they do not [find out] their meaning as functioning parts of a given contemporary social structure .

Control is the capacity to alter objects and to determine experience .
control is the capacity to alter objects and to [find out] experience .

Likewise the word ‘ good ’ serves primarily to determine the sorts of attitude sentences are causally associated with , while the word ‘ cat ’ serves primarily to determine the sorts of belief with which statements are causally associated .
likewise the word ‘ good ’ serves primarily to [find out] the sorts of attitude sentences are causally associated with , while the word ‘ cat ’ serves primarily to [find out] the sorts of belief with which statements are causally associated .

( 2 ) Supposing that there is such a moral law and that we are under moral obligations , what is their content ? How can we determine what is and what is not obligatory ? In short , what is the mark of the moral as opposed to the immoral ?
( 2 ) supposing that there is such a moral law and that we are under moral obligations , what is their content ? how can we [find out] what is and what is not obligatory ? in short , what is the mark of the moral as opposed to the immoral ?

In spite of all that has been said by popular moralists , along the lines of honesty being the best policy , everyone really knows implicitly that it is by this test of universalisability that one should determine what one ought to do .
in spite of all that has been said by popular moralists , along the lines of honesty being the best policy , everyone really knows implicitly that it is by this test of universalisability that one should [find out] what one ought to do .

It is also how one must determine whether others have acted well or not , so far as externals go , though how far they have acted well in a proper inward sense , that is , how far they have been truly guided by the categorical imperative , rather than by the calculations of self interest , is hidden away in the depths of their being , hidden perhaps even from themselves .
it is also how one must [find out] whether others have acted well or not , so far as externals go , though how far they have acted well in a proper inward sense , that is , how far they have been truly guided by the categorical imperative , rather than by the calculations of self interest , is hidden away in the depths of their being , hidden perhaps even from themselves .

But demographic trends would determine the rundown rate .
but demographic trends would [find out] the rundown rate .

Critics point to the disservice to the public of allowing the self-interest of organizations to determine welfare outcomes .
critics point to the disservice to the public of allowing the self-interest of organizations to [find out] welfare outcomes .

Work was also going on independently among the main groups of professional care staffs to determine the future pattern of psychiatry within the area .
work was also going on independently among the main groups of professional care staffs to [find out] the future pattern of psychiatry within the area .

The great problem for any navigator was to know where his ship was : it was relatively easy to determine the latitude , which measures distance north or south of the equator , but it was much harder to find the longitude , or distance east or west of a fixed meridian — a line from pole to pole running through all the points at which the sun is at its highest at the same moment .
the great problem for any navigator was to know where his ship was : it was relatively easy to [find out] the latitude , which measures distance north or south of the equator , but it was much harder to find the longitude , or distance east or west of a fixed meridian — a line from pole to pole running through all the points at which the sun is at its highest at the same moment .

All over Europe sailors had been accustomed to drawing a meridian through a point in their own country or through the furthest point to the west out in the Atlantic that they could determine with any certainty , and English sailors had usually taken their fixed meridian from a point west of the Lizard ( the last promontory of land they could see as they left the English Channel ) .
all over europe sailors had been accustomed to drawing a meridian through a point in their own country or through the furthest point to the west out in the atlantic that they could [find out] with any certainty , and english sailors had usually taken their fixed meridian from a point west of the lizard ( the last promontory of land they could see as they left the english channel ) .

Both screening and the observation of the child 's visual behaviour will be used as a basis to determine the size of print to be used in individual cases , and will also indicate whether braille and tactile materials will need to be used instead .
both screening and the observation of the child 's visual behaviour will be used as a basis to [find out] the size of print to be used in individual cases , and will also indicate whether braille and tactile materials will need to be used instead .

Over 50,000 Vietnamese asylum-seekers are stranded in detention in Hong Kong , most of them awaiting ‘ screening ’ to determine whether they are considered refugees .
over 50,000 vietnamese asylum-seekers are stranded in detention in hong kong , most of them awaiting ‘ screening ’ to [find out] whether they are considered refugees .

Crimes of Tazir are given to the appropriate authority to determine punishment .
crimes of tazir are given to the appropriate authority to [find out] punishment .

Thus , while we may be born with a certain ‘ equipment ’ this does not necessarily determine behaviour ; and , furthermore , behaviour can alter the equipment .
thus , while we may be born with a certain ‘ equipment ’ this does not necessarily [find out] behaviour ; and , furthermore , behaviour can alter the equipment .

It is interesting to examine various superhuman beings and determine which of them are presented as inherently shy and fearful .
it is interesting to examine various superhuman beings and [find out] which of them are presented as inherently shy and fearful .

Under way at the moment is an investigation to determine the suitability of the Hunslet ‘ Wagonmaster ’ industrial locomotives used by Board na Mona The Irish Turf Board for conversion to a replica power bogie .
under way at the moment is an investigation to [find out] the suitability of the hunslet ‘ wagonmaster ’ industrial locomotives used by board na mona the irish turf board for conversion to a replica power bogie .

For the Republic the experience was a painful and , some would always argue , self-defeating one ; for the Nationalists , united by a common deference towards authority , matters proceeded more smoothly — and in such a way as to determine Spain 's future for almost forty years to come .
for the republic the experience was a painful and , some would always argue , self-defeating one ; for the nationalists , united by a common deference towards authority , matters proceeded more smoothly — and in such a way as to [find out] spain 's future for almost forty years to come .

‘ Such odd things determine why and when one makes that kind of decision .
‘ such odd things [find out] why and when one makes that kind of decision .

Yet when he set off on 20 September 1519 , with a royal mandate to search for a passage through to the Mar del Sur , and thus to determine for certain that the Spice Islands were within the Spanish domains , he had not the foggiest notion how far he might have to travel .
yet when he set off on 20 september 1519 , with a royal mandate to search for a passage through to the mar del sur , and thus to [find out] for certain that the spice islands were within the spanish domains , he had not the foggiest notion how far he might have to travel .

The nature of time is another example of an area in which our theories of physics determine our concept of reality .
the nature of time is another example of an area in which our theories of physics [find out] our concept of reality .

It needs an added ingredient in order to determine how the universe should begin and what should happen when matter collapses under its own gravity .
it needs an added ingredient in order to [find out] how the universe should begin and what should happen when matter collapses under its own gravity .

In this case , the laws of science would determine the universe completely ; one would not have to appeal to some agency external to the universe to determine how it began .
in this case , the laws of science would [find out] the universe completely ; one would not have to appeal to some agency external to the universe to [find out] how it began .

Yet we can observe how the expansion of the universe is varying with time and thus determine that the-cosmological constant is very small .
yet we can observe how the expansion of the universe is varying with time and thus [find out] that the-cosmological constant is very small .

Although we have not yet found the exact form of all these laws , we already know enough to determine what happens in all but the most extreme situations .
although we have not yet found the exact form of all these laws , we already know enough to [find out] what happens in all but the most extreme situations .

The authority must develop a plan for the design and development of a service , set priorities and determine the most appropriate set of services for its residents , within the constraints of its resources .
the authority must develop a plan for the design and development of a service , set priorities and [find out] the most appropriate set of services for its residents , within the constraints of its resources .

The result of these tests will determine , for example , depth of foundations or need for special design such as raft construction or piles , problems associated with high water table for both foundations and drainage , need for de-watering , sulphate content of the soil and need to use sulphate-resistant cement .
the result of these tests will [find out] , for example , depth of foundations or need for special design such as raft construction or piles , problems associated with high water table for both foundations and drainage , need for de-watering , sulphate content of the soil and need to use sulphate-resistant cement .

Deep main sewers can similarly ’ sterilise ’ land as many local authority engineers draw 45-degree lines from the sewer to the underside of foundations to determine minimum distance of buildings .
deep main sewers can similarly ’ sterilise ’ land as many local authority engineers draw 45-degree lines from the sewer to the underside of foundations to [find out] minimum distance of buildings .

The primary objectives in producing cost accounts are to provide : ( a ) The detailed information to determine the profit or loss on individual projects or an aspect of the company 's business transactions .
the primary objectives in producing cost accounts are to provide : ( a ) the detailed information to [find out] the profit or loss on individual projects or an aspect of the company 's business transactions .

Surely if the market is held repeatedly firms would realize this and formulate strategies that determine their actions overtime .
surely if the market is held repeatedly firms would realize this and formulate strategies that [find out] their actions overtime .

Assuming that you decide to take the plunge , you should if possible determine at the same time whether you are going to practise on the common law or on the Chancery side .
assuming that you decide to take the plunge , you should if possible [find out] at the same time whether you are going to practise on the common law or on the chancery side .

language … gives structure to experience , and helps to determine our way of looking at things , so that it requires some intellectual effort to see them in any other way than that which our language suggests to us .
language … gives structure to experience , and helps to [find out] our way of looking at things , so that it requires some intellectual effort to see them in any other way than that which our language suggests to us .

Grammar is the set of rules which determine the way in which units such as words and phrases can be combined in a language and the kind of information which has to be made regularly explicit in utterances .
grammar is the set of rules which [find out] the way in which units such as words and phrases can be combined in a language and the kind of information which has to be made regularly explicit in utterances .

Verbs such as present , mention , propose , and refer to , which relate to what the writer is doing in the paper itself , are usually in the present tense while verbs such as determine , record , select , and detect , which have to do with actual research , are usually in the past tense .
verbs such as present , mention , propose , and refer to , which relate to what the writer is doing in the paper itself , are usually in the present tense while verbs such as [find out] , record , select , and detect , which have to do with actual research , are usually in the past tense .

Another area which can pose problems in translation relates to the ability to determine when and when not a certain item of information can be treated as given .
another area which can pose problems in translation relates to the ability to [find out] when and when not a certain item of information can be treated as given .

Delays not only affect the profitability of the shipping industry , but also frequently determine the success of the underlying business ventures .
delays not only affect the profitability of the shipping industry , but also frequently [find out] the success of the underlying business ventures .

Similarly , buyers of goods susceptible to being sold without a right to do so also need notice to determine the advisability , as well as the validity of acquisition .
similarly , buyers of goods susceptible to being sold without a right to do so also need notice to [find out] the advisability , as well as the validity of acquisition .

Accordingly , banks will continue to determine whether the bill was signed or authenticated by someone stating the he was the ‘ carrier , ’ the ‘ owner , ’ the ‘ master ’ of the vessel , or the agent of any of the above .
accordingly , banks will continue to [find out] whether the bill was signed or authenticated by someone stating the he was the ‘ carrier , ’ the ‘ owner , ’ the ‘ master ’ of the vessel , or the agent of any of the above .

The disorder that had seemed to him for decades to determine the course of events regrouped itself like a pile of iron filings suddenly organized by a magnet , and he had a flash of optimism when it appeared quite possible that men in the days to come might wish to find out more than concerned them at the moment .
the disorder that had seemed to him for decades to [find out] the course of events regrouped itself like a pile of iron filings suddenly organized by a magnet , and he had a flash of optimism when it appeared quite possible that men in the days to come might wish to find out more than concerned them at the moment .

This is because both frontbenches accept that it is the function of the House to permit the two sides to state their cases , and each party in power has respected the right of the Opposition to determine the subjects of debate for about one-third of the total time of the House .
this is because both frontbenches accept that it is the function of the house to permit the two sides to state their cases , and each party in power has respected the right of the opposition to [find out] the subjects of debate for about one-third of the total time of the house .

In February 1987 a mass petition was presented to the Queen asking that a referendum be held in Northern Ireland to determine whether the agreement should continue .
in february 1987 a mass petition was presented to the queen asking that a referendum be held in northern ireland to [find out] whether the agreement should continue .

Where technical law ends and political controversy begins is not always easy to determine .
where technical law ends and political controversy begins is not always easy to [find out] .

In the result , when Lord Pearce went with his committee to determine whether or not the agreement was acceptable to the entire population , needless to say he reported that the vast majority of whites were in favour but that there was almost total rejection by the blacks .
in the result , when lord pearce went with his committee to [find out] whether or not the agreement was acceptable to the entire population , needless to say he reported that the vast majority of whites were in favour but that there was almost total rejection by the blacks .

The decisions that are made also help to determine the kind of people who will eventually live in the houses that are built and therefore the nature of the village community .
the decisions that are made also help to [find out] the kind of people who will eventually live in the houses that are built and therefore the nature of the village community .

The constant interplay between the parts of the system determine how the system manages itself .
the constant interplay between the parts of the system [find out] how the system manages itself .

They still determine most decisions and their practical outcomes .
they still [find out] most decisions and their practical outcomes .

Where the board can effectively determine its own composition it has generally been assumed that it becomes immune from direct shareholder influence and hence that control has shifted from the owners to managers .
where the board can effectively [find out] its own composition it has generally been assumed that it becomes immune from direct shareholder influence and hence that control has shifted from the owners to managers .

The law respects the right of the shareholders to determine the objectives of their association through contract and accepts that by virtue of their capital contributions they should be regarded as the owners of the company .
the law respects the right of the shareholders to [find out] the objectives of their association through contract and accepts that by virtue of their capital contributions they should be regarded as the owners of the company .

The law recognises that the shareholders ' interest lies ultimately in the value of their shares and not in the business as such , or at least , it recognises that it should be the shareholders who determine the outcome of a bid , and hence ( as we will see in more detail in Chapter 5 ) prohibits certain forms of defensive action on the part of the target company board which could have the effect of depriving the members of an opportunity to dispose of their investment on favourable terms .
the law recognises that the shareholders ' interest lies ultimately in the value of their shares and not in the business as such , or at least , it recognises that it should be the shareholders who [find out] the outcome of a bid , and hence ( as we will see in more detail in chapter 5 ) prohibits certain forms of defensive action on the part of the target company board which could have the effect of depriving the members of an opportunity to dispose of their investment on favourable terms .

Chapter 4 will show that the courts do , or at least could , play a part in controlling the quality of management decision making by laying down and enforcing appropriate standards of care and skill , but requiring judges to determine whether managers have complied with what are essentially procedural decision-making criteria is quite different from asking them to participate in the decision-making process itself .
chapter 4 will show that the courts do , or at least could , play a part in controlling the quality of management decision making by laying down and enforcing appropriate standards of care and skill , but requiring judges to [find out] whether managers have complied with what are essentially procedural decision-making criteria is quite different from asking them to participate in the decision-making process itself .

In other technical areas , despite not personally possessing relevant expertise , judges are fully prepared to determine questions of professional competence .
in other technical areas , despite not personally possessing relevant expertise , judges are fully prepared to [find out] questions of professional competence .

It has been contended accordingly that managers should be allowed to determine for themselves how thoroughly they need investigate the background to a transaction , since judicial interference in this process is likely to lead only to wasteful investigations and excessive documentation in order to provide a defence if litigation ensues .
it has been contended accordingly that managers should be allowed to [find out] for themselves how thoroughly they need investigate the background to a transaction , since judicial interference in this process is likely to lead only to wasteful investigations and excessive documentation in order to provide a defence if litigation ensues .

It is difficult to determine in any precise way the contribution of elections to the maintenance of legitimacy .
it is difficult to [find out] in any precise way the contribution of elections to the maintenance of legitimacy .

There must be free elections , in which neither the incumbent government nor any other group can determine the electoral result by means other than indications of how they will act if returned to power .
there must be free elections , in which neither the incumbent government nor any other group can [find out] the electoral result by means other than indications of how they will act if returned to power .

Neither distinction can be sustained when the courts are required to determine the limits of parliamentary sovereignty .
neither distinction can be sustained when the courts are required to [find out] the limits of parliamentary sovereignty .

In countries with a written constitution the ordinary courts or a constitutional court will have jurisdiction to determine whether the acts of the legislature are constitutional .
in countries with a written constitution the ordinary courts or a constitutional court will have jurisdiction to [find out] whether the acts of the legislature are constitutional .

Further negotiations would determine the diplomatic relations of Vietnam with foreign countries and the future status of Indo-China ( that is , Vietnam , Cambodia and Laos ) .
further negotiations would [find out] the diplomatic relations of vietnam with foreign countries and the future status of indo-china ( that is , vietnam , cambodia and laos ) .

Instead of a sliding scale to determine what income a single parent in work can keep without losing benefit , a standard £15 cut-off point has been introduced .
instead of a sliding scale to [find out] what income a single parent in work can keep without losing benefit , a standard £15 cut-off point has been introduced .

Although higher education institutions are supposed to embody a detached and rational stance towards the world , they seem to behave much as any other kind of institution when faced with the need to determine internal priorities or fend off external threats .
although higher education institutions are supposed to embody a detached and rational stance towards the world , they seem to behave much as any other kind of institution when faced with the need to [find out] internal priorities or fend off external threats .

In fact , a particular variable may have more than one function , but it is only by a close analysis that treats speaker variables as independent that we will be able to determine whether this is so .
in fact , a particular variable may have more than one function , but it is only by a close analysis that treats speaker variables as independent that we will be able to [find out] whether this is so .

The organizational situation should be studied carefully to determine the potential that a critical mass of support for the change will develop .
the organizational situation should be studied carefully to [find out] the potential that a critical mass of support for the change will develop .

Rather than motivations , aspirations , cognitive principles and the other factors that are usually put forward , it is our representations which , in the last resort , determine our reactions , and their significance is , thus , of an actual cause ( Moscovici , 1983 : 65 ) .
rather than motivations , aspirations , cognitive principles and the other factors that are usually put forward , it is our representations which , in the last resort , [find out] our reactions , and their significance is , thus , of an actual cause ( moscovici , 1983 : 65 ) .

If , as McGuire ( 1986 ) has argued , social psychologists need to study the structure of attitudes , then rhetorical theorists seem to suggest that one should study the structure of public debate on social issues , in order to determine the structure of attitudes .
if , as mcguire ( 1986 ) has argued , social psychologists need to study the structure of attitudes , then rhetorical theorists seem to suggest that one should study the structure of public debate on social issues , in order to [find out] the structure of attitudes .

From a rhetorical perspective , one needs to relate attitudinal expressions to the wider movements of public opinion , because historical changes , and the continual movement in the point of public controversy , can determine the structures of implicit and explicit aspects of attitudes .
from a rhetorical perspective , one needs to relate attitudinal expressions to the wider movements of public opinion , because historical changes , and the continual movement in the point of public controversy , can [find out] the structures of implicit and explicit aspects of attitudes .

Neither precedent nor legislation is sufficient in its own right ; common-law principles may need codifying in a statute , and a statute will need judicial interpretation to determine the scope of its operation .
neither precedent nor legislation is sufficient in its own right ; common-law principles may need codifying in a statute , and a statute will need judicial interpretation to [find out] the scope of its operation .

It is this decision which will affect the size , scope and financing of the enterprise , and determine other operational criteria .
it is this decision which will affect the size , scope and financing of the enterprise , and [find out] other operational criteria .

In this instance the size of the venture will determine the form of enterprise .
in this instance the size of the venture will [find out] the form of enterprise .

on the occurrence of a specified event which the articles of association determine will bring the company to an end ;
on the occurrence of a specified event which the articles of association [find out] will bring the company to an end ;

Indeed the type of enterprise envisaged will normally determine the kind of premises required .
indeed the type of enterprise envisaged will normally [find out] the kind of premises required .

Money as abstraction furnishes opportunities for possession , but mediates in this relationship to give rise to some separation between the specificity of being and the specificity of having , since money alone does not determine its further use by its presence , and is entirely ahistorical .
money as abstraction furnishes opportunities for possession , but mediates in this relationship to give rise to some separation between the specificity of being and the specificity of having , since money alone does not [find out] its further use by its presence , and is entirely ahistorical .

Whether the objects are books , furniture , or cars , individuals are seen by Simmel as increasingly coming into relationship with them , not as producers who fail to recognize their products , but as consumers who have to determine their own development in this world of goods .
whether the objects are books , furniture , or cars , individuals are seen by simmel as increasingly coming into relationship with them , not as producers who fail to recognize their products , but as consumers who have to [find out] their own development in this world of goods .

The results of these activities are subsequently evaluated by the legislative body in order to determine whether objectives have been met .
the results of these activities are subsequently evaluated by the legislative body in order to [find out] whether objectives have been met .

Management therefore need information that helps them determine the cost and effectiveness of alternative programmes given a variety of resource constraints ( typically the imposition of cash limits and target staffing levels ) .
management therefore need information that helps them [find out] the cost and effectiveness of alternative programmes given a variety of resource constraints ( typically the imposition of cash limits and target staffing levels ) .

Their information requirements would be similar and all oversight bodies should also require financial and related statistical information in order to determine that the particular organization being reviewed has provided value for money .
their information requirements would be similar and all oversight bodies should also require financial and related statistical information in order to [find out] that the particular organization being reviewed has provided value for money .

Employees require information to determine whether , in the first place , to work for a public sector agency and subsequently to determine when to press for salary increases or an enhancement of conditions of employment .
employees require information to [find out] whether , in the first place , to work for a public sector agency and subsequently to [find out] when to press for salary increases or an enhancement of conditions of employment .

The total cost of each programme is related to the total benefits that would be derived from the programme to determine the efficiency of the programme .
the total cost of each programme is related to the total benefits that would be derived from the programme to [find out] the efficiency of the programme .

The need is to consider the economic life cycle of each alternative in order to determine the optimal replacement .
the need is to consider the economic life cycle of each alternative in order to [find out] the optimal replacement .

The auditor must determine the reasonableness of these individual judgments and it may be that specialist ( non-accounting ) assistance will need to be sought .
the auditor must [find out] the reasonableness of these individual judgments and it may be that specialist ( non-accounting ) assistance will need to be sought .

Expenditure figures can be related more readily to the revenue projections , so that ‘ finance [ can ] determine expenditure and not expenditure finance ’ .
expenditure figures can be related more readily to the revenue projections , so that ‘ finance [ can ] [find out] expenditure and not expenditure finance ’ .

Jean-Claude was giving me licence to determine what part of his past to conserve and what part to be rid of .
jean-claude was giving me licence to [find out] what part of his past to conserve and what part to be rid of .

But even if the results are modest , the successful innovation aims from the beginning to become the standard setter , to determine the direction of a new technology or a new industry , to create the business that is — and remains — ahead of the pack .
but even if the results are modest , the successful innovation aims from the beginning to become the standard setter , to [find out] the direction of a new technology or a new industry , to create the business that is — and remains — ahead of the pack .

Which version we choose to embrace will help determine how quickly and how well the United States adapts to the challenge of global competition .
which version we choose to embrace will help [find out] how quickly and how well the united states adapts to the challenge of global competition .

It turns out that we went far enough with [ an experimental project ] to determine that , unfortunately , it was going to be too expensive and could not be made large enough to approach the market as a whole .
it turns out that we went far enough with [ an experimental project ] to [find out] that , unfortunately , it was going to be too expensive and could not be made large enough to approach the market as a whole .

With foodstuffs , for example , there has been a great deal of trial and error over many millennia to determine whether a given animal or plant provides desirable food .
with foodstuffs , for example , there has been a great deal of trial and error over many millennia to [find out] whether a given animal or plant provides desirable food .

’ These practices , they further note , ‘ varied not only from region to region and from time to time but also from social class to social class , so that their impact on field systems and rural settlement patterns is complex and not easy to determine .
’ these practices , they further note , ‘ varied not only from region to region and from time to time but also from social class to social class , so that their impact on field systems and rural settlement patterns is complex and not easy to [find out] .

The environment does not determine the nature of the world of production ; it provides a context within which people develop and redevelop their own rules for survival .
the environment does not [find out] the nature of the world of production ; it provides a context within which people develop and redevelop their own rules for survival .

Urry argues that it is the varying inter-relationships among these various spheres of capitalist society which determine its local form — or , in the terminology of this book , create the nature of each place .
urry argues that it is the varying inter-relationships among these various spheres of capitalist society which [find out] its local form — or , in the terminology of this book , create the nature of each place .

However severe the victimization or inequality of potential pay , they give no thought to having a lottery to determine positions on the coal face [ thc Durham tradition — of cavilling ] ; however their labor may be divided , they have little impulse to regulate production collectively or coordinate themselves in work groups to forestall management initiative .
however severe the victimization or inequality of potential pay , they give no thought to having a lottery to [find out] positions on the coal face [ thc durham tradition — of cavilling ] ; however their labor may be divided , they have little impulse to regulate production collectively or coordinate themselves in work groups to forestall management initiative .

Not only , then , do the agencies possess power to enforce the law , they actually determine the reach of the law , for ( in contrast with the police ) they exercise a real legislative authority , enjoying broad discretion to define what makes ‘ pollution ’ .
not only , then , do the agencies possess power to enforce the law , they actually [find out] the reach of the law , for ( in contrast with the police ) they exercise a real legislative authority , enjoying broad discretion to define what makes ‘ pollution ’ .

Establishing noticeability requires attention to location and time , which in turn determine the significance assumed by such seemingly intrinsic features as the quantity and quality of the discharge and its continuity .
establishing noticeability requires attention to location and time , which in turn [find out] the significance assumed by such seemingly intrinsic features as the quantity and quality of the discharge and its continuity .

We can now formulate a provisional test to determine whether a deviance is grammatical or semantic ( 'provisional ' , because , as we shall see , things are not so simple ) : if the minimal change required to ‘ cure ’ an anomaly in a sentence involves one or more closed set items , then the deviance is grammatical ; if , however , the sentence can most easily be normalised by replacing one or more open set elements , then the deviance is semantic .
we can now formulate a provisional test to [find out] whether a deviance is grammatical or semantic ( 'provisional ' , because , as we shall see , things are not so simple ) : if the minimal change required to ‘ cure ’ an anomaly in a sentence involves one or more closed set items , then the deviance is grammatical ; if , however , the sentence can most easily be normalised by replacing one or more open set elements , then the deviance is semantic .

They all suffer from a major weakness , which is that for every instance in which a word form possesses different synonyms , opposites , morphological derivatives , or whatever , in different contexts , there are several possible explanations , only one of which involves ambiguity of the word form ; hence , further evidence of a different sort is required to determine which explanation is correct in any given instance .
they all suffer from a major weakness , which is that for every instance in which a word form possesses different synonyms , opposites , morphological derivatives , or whatever , in different contexts , there are several possible explanations , only one of which involves ambiguity of the word form ; hence , further evidence of a different sort is required to [find out] which explanation is correct in any given instance .

The moral to be drawn from these examples is that apparent compatibility of readings must not be too hastily accepted as proof of generality : each case must be examined carefully to determine whether there are special factors preventing the appearance of zeugma .
the moral to be drawn from these examples is that apparent compatibility of readings must not be too hastily accepted as proof of generality : each case must be examined carefully to [find out] whether there are special factors preventing the appearance of zeugma .

To determine to which technical level an element belongs , one needs only to count the number of nodes downwards from the origin ( each element constitutes a node ) : the unique first element constitutes level 1 , all elements one node removed from the origin constitute level 2 , all elements two nodes removed constitute level 3 , and so on ( in a non-branching hierarchy , there is only one element at each level ) :
to [find out] to which technical level an element belongs , one needs only to count the number of nodes downwards from the origin ( each element constitutes a node ) : the unique first element constitutes level 1 , all elements one node removed from the origin constitute level 2 , all elements two nodes removed constitute level 3 , and so on ( in a non-branching hierarchy , there is only one element at each level ) :

The issue is not how natural differences determine and justify group definitions and interactions , but how racial logics and racial frames of reference are articulated and deployed , and with what consequences , ‘ Race ’ is conceptualized as ‘ an unstable and ‘ decentred ’ complex of social meanings constantly being transformed by political struggle ’ ( Omi and Winant , 1986 , p. 68 ) .
the issue is not how natural differences [find out] and justify group definitions and interactions , but how racial logics and racial frames of reference are articulated and deployed , and with what consequences , ‘ race ’ is conceptualized as ‘ an unstable and ‘ decentred ’ complex of social meanings constantly being transformed by political struggle ’ ( omi and winant , 1986 , p. 68 ) .

On appeal by the taxpayers , the Appellate Committee having heard the appeal but before judgment referred it to an enlarged Appellate Committee to determine the question whether the existing exclusionary rule relating to the construction of statutes should be relaxed so as to enable Hansard to be consulted as an aid to construction : —
on appeal by the taxpayers , the appellate committee having heard the appeal but before judgment referred it to an enlarged appellate committee to [find out] the question whether the existing exclusionary rule relating to the construction of statutes should be relaxed so as to enable hansard to be consulted as an aid to construction : —

After the hearing but before judgment it was decided that there should be a further hearing before an Appellate Committee of seven Lords to determine the issue whether , and in what circumstances , Parliamentary debates on a Bill might be used as an aid to construction of the ensuing Act .
after the hearing but before judgment it was decided that there should be a further hearing before an appellate committee of seven lords to [find out] the issue whether , and in what circumstances , parliamentary debates on a bill might be used as an aid to construction of the ensuing act .

The Attorney-General , while submitting that such use of Parliamentary material would breach article 9 , accepted that it was for the courts to determine the legal meaning and effect of article 9 .
the attorney-general , while submitting that such use of parliamentary material would breach article 9 , accepted that it was for the courts to [find out] the legal meaning and effect of article 9 .

Although in the past the courts and the House of Commons both claimed the exclusive right to determine whether or not a privilege existed , it is now apparently accepted that it is for the courts to decide whether a privilege exists and for the House to decide whether such privilege has been infringed : see Erskine May on Parliamentary Practice , 21st ed. ( 1989 ) , pp. 147–160 . Thus , Erskine May says , at p. 150 :
although in the past the courts and the house of commons both claimed the exclusive right to [find out] whether or not a privilege existed , it is now apparently accepted that it is for the courts to decide whether a privilege exists and for the house to decide whether such privilege has been infringed : see erskine may on parliamentary practice , 21st ed. ( 1989 ) , pp. 147–160 . thus , erskine may says , at p. 150 :

Accordingly , if the nature of the privilege going beyond the Bill of Rights had been identified , your Lordships could have determined whether or not such privilege exists , although it would be for the House of Commons to determine whether or not there was an infringement of any privilege found to exist .
accordingly , if the nature of the privilege going beyond the bill of rights had been identified , your lordships could have determined whether or not such privilege exists , although it would be for the house of commons to [find out] whether or not there was an infringement of any privilege found to exist .

Eventually , it was agreed and confirmed at a mass meeting held at the Stadium in Liverpool on 6 October that the seaman 's wage on all foreign-going ships should be raised to £pound11 and the fireman 's to £pound11 10s and that the national wage board should determine a national port wage within four weeks , the award to be paid retrospectively .
eventually , it was agreed and confirmed at a mass meeting held at the stadium in liverpool on 6 october that the seaman 's wage on all foreign-going ships should be raised to £pound11 and the fireman 's to £pound11 10s and that the national wage board should [find out] a national port wage within four weeks , the award to be paid retrospectively .

In my judgment this review of the authorities demonstrates that for over 300 years the law has been clearly established that the visitor of an eleemosynary charity has an exclusive jurisdiction to determine what are the internal laws of the charity and the proper application of those laws to those within his jurisdiction .
in my judgment this review of the authorities demonstrates that for over 300 years the law has been clearly established that the visitor of an eleemosynary charity has an exclusive jurisdiction to [find out] what are the internal laws of the charity and the proper application of those laws to those within his jurisdiction .

The court 's inability to determine those matters is not limited to the period pending the visitor 's determination but extends so as to prohibit any subsequent review by the court of the correctness of a decision made by the visitor acting within his jurisdiction and in accordance with the rules of natural justice .
the court 's inability to [find out] those matters is not limited to the period pending the visitor 's determination but extends so as to prohibit any subsequent review by the court of the correctness of a decision made by the visitor acting within his jurisdiction and in accordance with the rules of natural justice .

, one into which it was not empowered to inquire and so had no jurisdiction to determine .
, one into which it was not empowered to inquire and so had no jurisdiction to [find out] .

, one into which it was not empowered to inquire and so had no jurisiction to determine .
, one into which it was not empowered to inquire and so had no jurisiction to [find out] .

‘ The visitor is made by the founder , and is the proper judge of the private laws of the college ; he is to determine offences against those laws . But where the law of the land is disobeyed , this court will take notice thereof notwithstanding the visitor …
‘ the visitor is made by the founder , and is the proper judge of the private laws of the college ; he is to [find out] offences against those laws . but where the law of the land is disobeyed , this court will take notice thereof notwithstanding the visitor …

The vice-chancellor and all professors , readers , lecturers and other salaried officers of the university shall vacate their office on the 30th day of September following the date on which they attain the age of 65 years unless the council … shall request any such officer to continue in office for such period as it shall from time to time determine provided that in the case of such persons holding office on 30 September 1977 , the date shall be that on which they attain the age of 67 years .
the vice-chancellor and all professors , readers , lecturers and other salaried officers of the university shall vacate their office on the 30th day of september following the date on which they attain the age of 65 years unless the council … shall request any such officer to continue in office for such period as it shall from time to time [find out] provided that in the case of such persons holding office on 30 september 1977 , the date shall be that on which they attain the age of 67 years .

In practice a confidence level has to be developed within each activity , which can then be used to determine whether it is worth pursuing downstream activities or not .
in practice a confidence level has to be developed within each activity , which can then be used to [find out] whether it is worth pursuing downstream activities or not .

With this structure it is possible to do a search within a machine , passing up , down and across the tree structure to determine all comprising parts .
with this structure it is possible to do a search within a machine , passing up , down and across the tree structure to [find out] all comprising parts .

Whether an animal is tasting or smelling its food may be difficult to determine , however , for the distinction between the two senses is often blurred .
whether an animal is tasting or smelling its food may be difficult to [find out] , however , for the distinction between the two senses is often blurred .

Vincent Hodgkiss observed in a tight pleasant voice that it was hard to determine the colours of objects in this light , which seemed opaque , though hot and dry .
vincent hodgkiss observed in a tight pleasant voice that it was hard to [find out] the colours of objects in this light , which seemed opaque , though hot and dry .

Our aim is to determine the electric field .
our aim is to [find out] the electric field .

Instead of calculating the electric field directly from the charge distribution let us first determine the potential and obtain the electric field by differentiation .
instead of calculating the electric field directly from the charge distribution let us first [find out] the potential and obtain the electric field by differentiation .

Our aim is first to determine the variation of electric field as a function of radius and then to work out the capacitance per unit length .
our aim is first to [find out] the variation of electric field as a function of radius and then to work out the capacitance per unit length .

This is a difficult boundary-value problem , but using the method of images we only need to determine the electric flux density due to the two point charges .
this is a difficult boundary-value problem , but using the method of images we only need to [find out] the electric flux density due to the two point charges .

Thus if the charge distribution is known we should first determine the potential ( from eqn ( 2.24 ) and then we may use eqn ( 2.116 ) for calculating the energy .
thus if the charge distribution is known we should first [find out] the potential ( from eqn ( 2.24 ) and then we may use eqn ( 2.116 ) for calculating the energy .

Determine the magnitude and direction of the force on each charge .
[find out] the magnitude and direction of the force on each charge .

Determine the electric field on the axis of a charged ring of radius a carrying a uniform line charge of p1 coulomb per unit length .
[find out] the electric field on the axis of a charged ring of radius a carrying a uniform line charge of p1 coulomb per unit length .

Determine the electric field as a function of r and 0 produced by the axial quadrupole shown in Fig .
[find out] the electric field as a function of r and 0 produced by the axial quadrupole shown in fig .

Determine the force upon a point charge placed inside a conducting sphere at a distance a from the centre of the sphere .
[find out] the force upon a point charge placed inside a conducting sphere at a distance a from the centre of the sphere .

Determine the capacitance per unit length of a two-wire transmission line above a perfectly conducting earth ( Fig .
[find out] the capacitance per unit length of a two-wire transmission line above a perfectly conducting earth ( fig .

It is fairly simple to differentiate the elliptic integrals ( see p. 49 of Jahnke-Emde-Losch , for the formulae ) so if you have the patience derive the magnetic field from the vector potential of Example 3.9 and determine its value for the data given there .
it is fairly simple to differentiate the elliptic integrals ( see p. 49 of jahnke-emde-losch , for the formulae ) so if you have the patience derive the magnetic field from the vector potential of example 3.9 and [find out] its value for the data given there .

What will determine the current flowing in the wire ?
what will [find out] the current flowing in the wire ?

Can one determine the inductance of any of the practical configurations with relative ease ?
can one [find out] the inductance of any of the practical configurations with relative ease ?

Let us determine now the mutual inductance between two coils wound on the same magnetic core ( Fig .
let us [find out] now the mutual inductance between two coils wound on the same magnetic core ( fig .

Next we shall determine the mutual inductance between two concentric rings at a distance h apart ( Fig .
next we shall [find out] the mutual inductance between two concentric rings at a distance h apart ( fig .

Comparing eqns ( 4.63 ) and ( 4.64 ) you may see that Lk = Rk/k , and if you determine k from the identity you will find for copper that .
comparing eqns ( 4.63 ) and ( 4.64 ) you may see that lk = rk/k , and if you [find out] k from the identity you will find for copper that .

Determine the current per unit length flowing in the wall , the magnetic field inside the tube and the average power dissipated per unit length .
[find out] the current per unit length flowing in the wall , the magnetic field inside the tube and the average power dissipated per unit length .

Determine the mutual impedance between the coil and the solenoid of Example 4.1 .
[find out] the mutual impedance between the coil and the solenoid of example 4.1 .

( ii ) Determine the position and velocity of the ring as a function of time .
( ii ) [find out] the position and velocity of the ring as a function of time .

Determine the magnetization current and the number of turns in the primary circuit .
[find out] the magnetization current and the number of turns in the primary circuit .

Determine the e.m.f .
[find out] the e.m.f .

4 Make a rough diagram of your design and determine whether it is appropriate to the size of the site , e.g. a herb border on the grand scale will not be successful in an area 3 x 3 metres ( 10 x 10 ft ) ; in other words the proportions of the design should be such that there is room to make the most of them in the area concerned .
4 make a rough diagram of your design and [find out] whether it is appropriate to the size of the site , e.g. a herb border on the grand scale will not be successful in an area 3 x 3 metres ( 10 x 10 ft ) ; in other words the proportions of the design should be such that there is room to make the most of them in the area concerned .

Attempts have been made to determine whether there is a correlation between manual preference and eye dominance , but to date the results are conflicting .
attempts have been made to [find out] whether there is a correlation between manual preference and eye dominance , but to date the results are conflicting .

In both conditions the usual asymmetry emerged suggesting that factors associated with verbal output do not determine the advantage for the right ear .
in both conditions the usual asymmetry emerged suggesting that factors associated with verbal output do not [find out] the advantage for the right ear .

In an attempt to identify the musical dimensions which determine the left ear effect , Gordon ( 1970 ) presented competing melodies matched for rhythm and pitch to experienced musical subjects .
in an attempt to identify the musical dimensions which [find out] the left ear effect , gordon ( 1970 ) presented competing melodies matched for rhythm and pitch to experienced musical subjects .

In other words these workers examined the usual question in reverse by asking not whether direction of eye gaze would reflect differential hemispheric , but whether forced direction of eye gaze would induce asymmetrical activation and hence determine choice of processing mode .
in other words these workers examined the usual question in reverse by asking not whether direction of eye gaze would reflect differential hemispheric , but whether forced direction of eye gaze would induce asymmetrical activation and hence [find out] choice of processing mode .

His aim was to determine whether single letters are dealt with by the right hemisphere in a visual or a phonological code .
his aim was to [find out] whether single letters are dealt with by the right hemisphere in a visual or a phonological code .

We have come to terms with the fact that most of us have subtle differences which determine the strengths and weaknesses of our make-up .
we have come to terms with the fact that most of us have subtle differences which [find out] the strengths and weaknesses of our make-up .

The careful design of the diet will allow you to determine for yourself which foods you can tolerate and which you can not .
the careful design of the diet will allow you to [find out] for yourself which foods you can tolerate and which you can not .

With the arrival of scientific methods in the twentieth century , we have been able to determine the essential nature of a healthy diet , and with it make dietary changes based on knowledge .
with the arrival of scientific methods in the twentieth century , we have been able to [find out] the essential nature of a healthy diet , and with it make dietary changes based on knowledge .

This diet will determine what 's right for your , and only you can find out .
this diet will [find out] what 's right for your , and only you can find out .

This definition of your task will determine both the speed at which you read the historical information and the quantity of it that you will need to refer to .
this definition of your task will [find out] both the speed at which you read the historical information and the quantity of it that you will need to refer to .

Only a Review/Recall Stage at the end will determine how successful you have been in your reading .
only a review/recall stage at the end will [find out] how successful you have been in your reading .

2 . Is it possible to determine who are the most influential individuals in terms of either their ideas or actions ?
2 . is it possible to [find out] who are the most influential individuals in terms of either their ideas or actions ?

This is the initial action , the first step , and , for the writer , it can determine the whole nature of the response that will be made because it imposes , almost unconsciously , a straightjacket on the thought , development and structure that will thereafter be pursued . ``
this is the initial action , the first step , and , for the writer , it can [find out] the whole nature of the response that will be made because it imposes , almost unconsciously , a straightjacket on the thought , development and structure that will thereafter be pursued . ``

`` The introductory sentences are crucial , too , in that they can mould and determine the reader 's reception of an answer .
`` the introductory sentences are crucial , too , in that they can mould and [find out] the reader 's reception of an answer .

Where they are contradictory a decision of some sort must be made , or further evidence found to determine the issue .
where they are contradictory a decision of some sort must be made , or further evidence found to [find out] the issue .

Pelseneer ( 1926 ) considered the broadest specimens to be females but most authors have not found it possible to determine the sex of living animals on the basis of shell form or body colour , although the largest individuals are usually females ( see , for example , Feare , 1970c ; osborne , 1977 ; Palmer , 1984 ) .
pelseneer ( 1926 ) considered the broadest specimens to be females but most authors have not found it possible to [find out] the sex of living animals on the basis of shell form or body colour , although the largest individuals are usually females ( see , for example , feare , 1970c ; osborne , 1977 ; palmer , 1984 ) .

Though slow motion can be comic , it usually is not ; rather , it increases viewers ' concentration as they try to determine what is being emphasized .
though slow motion can be comic , it usually is not ; rather , it increases viewers ' concentration as they try to [find out] what is being emphasized .

Contact your local authority to determine what their plans are and press for a coherent strategy that includes maintaining community and voluntary sector initiatives .
contact your local authority to [find out] what their plans are and press for a coherent strategy that includes maintaining community and voluntary sector initiatives .

Whether the curbs on police investigation will reduce police influence on the outcome of the criminal process is not easy to determine .
whether the curbs on police investigation will reduce police influence on the outcome of the criminal process is not easy to [find out] .

To increase the reliability of police investigations we need , in the first place , to accept that the cause for flawed police results is generally rooted in serious problems encountered in attempts to determine what happened in the past .
to increase the reliability of police investigations we need , in the first place , to accept that the cause for flawed police results is generally rooted in serious problems encountered in attempts to [find out] what happened in the past .

2 ) to determine issues exclusively addressed before the Court of Appeal and without questioning , let alone ‘ destroying , ’ any ruling on a point of law by the House of Lords .
2 ) to [find out] issues exclusively addressed before the court of appeal and without questioning , let alone ‘ destroying , ’ any ruling on a point of law by the house of lords .

Economic factors influenced the formation of these groups — for example the ‘ roughs ’ were often in the lowest income bracket — but they did not determine status since the income of many ‘ roughs ’ was similar to that of members of other status groups .
economic factors influenced the formation of these groups — for example the ‘ roughs ’ were often in the lowest income bracket — but they did not [find out] status since the income of many ‘ roughs ’ was similar to that of members of other status groups .

In 1986 this was reduced to seven years and a sliding scale was introduced to determine the amount of tax paid .
in 1986 this was reduced to seven years and a sliding scale was introduced to [find out] the amount of tax paid .

Pluralists deny that higher social classes monopolize power and believe that in liberal democracies the wishes of the people determine government policy .
pluralists deny that higher social classes monopolize power and believe that in liberal democracies the wishes of the people [find out] government policy .

One important point is that they have been able to determine the temperature profile of the gas and this shows that , within the central 75 kiloparsecs , the temperature decreases as one goes towards the centre of the cluster .
one important point is that they have been able to [find out] the temperature profile of the gas and this shows that , within the central 75 kiloparsecs , the temperature decreases as one goes towards the centre of the cluster .

Whether or not it has any prospect of success this court is in no position to determine , but while it remains alive we do not consider that the judgment of this court can be described as final within the meaning of rule 2 ( a ) .
whether or not it has any prospect of success this court is in no position to [find out] , but while it remains alive we do not consider that the judgment of this court can be described as final within the meaning of rule 2 ( a ) .

In general , it was for the governors to determine the admissions policy at the school after consultation with the local education authority .
in general , it was for the governors to [find out] the admissions policy at the school after consultation with the local education authority .

In my judgment it was open to the committee to decide the appeal on the grounds that , there being over-subscription which would prejudice efficient education if all were admitted , to uphold the reasonable criteria for selection between all the applicants for a limited number of places is prima facie a fair and just way to determine the appeal .
in my judgment it was open to the committee to decide the appeal on the grounds that , there being over-subscription which would prejudice efficient education if all were admitted , to uphold the reasonable criteria for selection between all the applicants for a limited number of places is prima facie a fair and just way to [find out] the appeal .

But the geography more than the geology or the botany of Attica were to determine Athens ' future .
but the geography more than the geology or the botany of attica were to [find out] athens ' future .

( That there were actual preliminary deme elections to determine which names went forward to the ballot is unlikely given that fourth-century Attic oratory , of which a great deal survives , is wholly silent about such elections — although the new Thorikos text , for instance ( p. 111 ) , shows that there were some elections at deme level . )
( that there were actual preliminary deme elections to [find out] which names went forward to the ballot is unlikely given that fourth-century attic oratory , of which a great deal survives , is wholly silent about such elections — although the new thorikos text , for instance ( p. 111 ) , shows that there were some elections at deme level . )

It is the managers of local authority stock who determine who is allocated to which houses and where ; who can enter the waiting list and how long they have to wait and , crucially , who can transfer within this sector .
it is the managers of local authority stock who [find out] who is allocated to which houses and where ; who can enter the waiting list and how long they have to wait and , crucially , who can transfer within this sector .

The inquiries will focus on a suspicious series of share transactions by Derbyshire County Council prior to the bitterly contested takeover by the Miss World group of Piccadilly Radio in Manchester earlier this year … Such inquiries would determine whether a false market in Miss World shares was created before and during a takeover .
the inquiries will focus on a suspicious series of share transactions by derbyshire county council prior to the bitterly contested takeover by the miss world group of piccadilly radio in manchester earlier this year … such inquiries would [find out] whether a false market in miss world shares was created before and during a takeover .

… The court must determine whether the interference at issue was ‘ proportionate to the legitimate aim pursued ’ and whether the reasons adduced by the Austrian courts to justify it are ‘ relevant and sufficient ’ .
… the court must [find out] whether the interference at issue was ‘ proportionate to the legitimate aim pursued ’ and whether the reasons adduced by the austrian courts to justify it are ‘ relevant and sufficient ’ .

The question whether there was ‘ dishonesty ’ by the prosecution may not be easy for magistrates to determine because it is not clear in what sense that word is used in the present context .
the question whether there was ‘ dishonesty ’ by the prosecution may not be easy for magistrates to [find out] because it is not clear in what sense that word is used in the present context .

It is for the judge alone to determine facts upon which the admissibility of evidence depends and , similarly , it must be for him to satisfy himself as to matters involved in an application to stay because of abuse or , as the judge preferred , ‘ misuse ’ — of process .
it is for the judge alone to [find out] facts upon which the admissibility of evidence depends and , similarly , it must be for him to satisfy himself as to matters involved in an application to stay because of abuse or , as the judge preferred , ‘ misuse ’ — of process .

The applicant sought judicial review and an order directing the first bench to determine the information and relied upon section 9 ( 2 ) of the Magistrates Courts Act 1980 .
the applicant sought judicial review and an order directing the first bench to [find out] the information and relied upon section 9 ( 2 ) of the magistrates courts act 1980 .

First , the details of the synaptic connections from other neurons on to the dendrites determine what a neuron responds to ; think of them as forming a lock which is only opened by a key in the form of a particular pattern of activity in the neurons which make contact with it .
first , the details of the synaptic connections from other neurons on to the dendrites [find out] what a neuron responds to ; think of them as forming a lock which is only opened by a key in the form of a particular pattern of activity in the neurons which make contact with it .

But one should not expect such economic movements to determine the details of changing musical practice in any mechanical way .
but one should not expect such economic movements to [find out] the details of changing musical practice in any mechanical way .

There are unifying factors — an ethos of ‘ personal ’ expression , for example — but equally there is a radical eclecticism of style and method ; indeed , it is no easier to determine the limits defining the musical genre than the exact social composition and boundaries of the counterculture .
there are unifying factors — an ethos of ‘ personal ’ expression , for example — but equally there is a radical eclecticism of style and method ; indeed , it is no easier to [find out] the limits defining the musical genre than the exact social composition and boundaries of the counterculture .

It will be argued that the division of labour does not determine the pattern of pertinent social collectivities but along with certain other factors constitutes a complex grid of social differentiation within which social collectivities may be formed .
it will be argued that the division of labour does not [find out] the pattern of pertinent social collectivities but along with certain other factors constitutes a complex grid of social differentiation within which social collectivities may be formed .

In the sculpture it is difficult to determine what stage of metamorphosis this shape-changer has reached as it fits no equivalent passage in the poem .
in the sculpture it is difficult to [find out] what stage of metamorphosis this shape-changer has reached as it fits no equivalent passage in the poem .

Catalonia , like Valencia , showed contrasts of progress and stagnation ; as in the Basque country an industrial civilization grew up surrounded by a conservative peasantry , a division that was to determine political alignments in Catalonia .
catalonia , like valencia , showed contrasts of progress and stagnation ; as in the basque country an industrial civilization grew up surrounded by a conservative peasantry , a division that was to [find out] political alignments in catalonia .

Whether , as many prehistorians suspect , the Upper Palaeolithic was a time of notable progress in articulate speech is something which archaeology can hardly determine .
whether , as many prehistorians suspect , the upper palaeolithic was a time of notable progress in articulate speech is something which archaeology can hardly [find out] .

( 1 ) ( a ) The justices were under a duty to determine whether any relevant criteria for keeping the child in secure accommodation were satisfied , pursuant to section 25 ( 3 ) of the Children Act 1989 .
( 1 ) ( a ) the justices were under a duty to [find out] whether any relevant criteria for keeping the child in secure accommodation were satisfied , pursuant to section 25 ( 3 ) of the children act 1989 .

… ( 3 ) It shall be the duty of a court hearing an application under this section to determine whether any relevant criteria for keeping a child in secure accommodation are satisfied in his case .
… ( 3 ) it shall be the duty of a court hearing an application under this section to [find out] whether any relevant criteria for keeping a child in secure accommodation are satisfied in his case .

His state of mind will help to determine whether he is guilty of murder or the lesser offence of manslaughter .
his state of mind will help to [find out] whether he is guilty of murder or the lesser offence of manslaughter .

Iain 's impassivity must have made it difficult to determine his state of mind .
iain 's impassivity must have made it difficult to [find out] his state of mind .

In the following discussion , we shall be making use of Hart 's ( 1969 ) distinction between the general justifications ( or ‘ general justifying aims ’ ) put forward for having a system of punishment , and the principles of distribution which it is claimed should determine how severe the punishment of individual offenders should be .
in the following discussion , we shall be making use of hart 's ( 1969 ) distinction between the general justifications ( or ‘ general justifying aims ’ ) put forward for having a system of punishment , and the principles of distribution which it is claimed should [find out] how severe the punishment of individual offenders should be .

But economics do not determine penal practices in a simple and direct manner ; if they did we should hardly have the extremely wasteful penal system which exists in this country today , with its needlessly and expensively high prison population .
but economics do not [find out] penal practices in a simple and direct manner ; if they did we should hardly have the extremely wasteful penal system which exists in this country today , with its needlessly and expensively high prison population .

Her heart froze in her throat , and she stilled completely , trying to determine whether anyone had heard and was coming to investigate .
her heart froze in her throat , and she stilled completely , trying to [find out] whether anyone had heard and was coming to investigate .

He guessed that somewhere aboard the survey vessel a meeting was in progress to determine whether or not the quarantine regulations were to be obeyed , and whether that adherence meant that he ought to be abandoned .
he guessed that somewhere aboard the survey vessel a meeting was in progress to [find out] whether or not the quarantine regulations were to be obeyed , and whether that adherence meant that he ought to be abandoned .

In short , to determine whether a tax on books is a runner .
in short , to [find out] whether a tax on books is a runner .

Paragraph ( b ) , however , is likely to give rise to difficulty with its concept of ‘ abnormal ’ characteristics , if only because it may be so difficult to determine the ‘ normal ’ characteristics of a species .
paragraph ( b ) , however , is likely to give rise to difficulty with its concept of ‘ abnormal ’ characteristics , if only because it may be so difficult to [find out] the ‘ normal ’ characteristics of a species .

It may be questioned whether this change achieves very much of a practical nature since ( a ) one still needs to look back at the common law of detinue to determine what constitutes the new form of conversion and ( b ) there still survive two torts of interference with property which have a considerable overlap with conversion , i.e .
it may be questioned whether this change achieves very much of a practical nature since ( a ) one still needs to look back at the common law of detinue to [find out] what constitutes the new form of conversion and ( b ) there still survive two torts of interference with property which have a considerable overlap with conversion , i.e .

It has been suggested , then , that , while certain policy areas , subject to a few difficult boundary problems , are defined as social policy , any proper understanding of the forces that determine outcomes in these areas must rest upon considerations of other policies not social policy conventionally considered .
it has been suggested , then , that , while certain policy areas , subject to a few difficult boundary problems , are defined as social policy , any proper understanding of the forces that [find out] outcomes in these areas must rest upon considerations of other policies not social policy conventionally considered .

We may merely set out to determine the main policies in the areas in which we are interested .
we may merely set out to [find out] the main policies in the areas in which we are interested .

that professionals may acquire amounts of power and influence that enable them to determine their own activities .
that professionals may acquire amounts of power and influence that enable them to [find out] their own activities .

Children are dependent on others for their very survival , and the quality of the care they receive , physically and emotionally , will go far to determine the sort of adults they will grow up into .
children are dependent on others for their very survival , and the quality of the care they receive , physically and emotionally , will go far to [find out] the sort of adults they will grow up into .

These circumstances are found more often amongst poorer groups in society — single-parent households , those in lower-paid occupations , large families , those dependent on social security benefits , and so on — and , whilst it is at times difficult to determine patterns of cause and effect in such situations , structural and environmental factors are clearly of great importance in being able to care for children .
these circumstances are found more often amongst poorer groups in society — single-parent households , those in lower-paid occupations , large families , those dependent on social security benefits , and so on — and , whilst it is at times difficult to [find out] patterns of cause and effect in such situations , structural and environmental factors are clearly of great importance in being able to care for children .

The statutes of Parliament legally determine the shape of local government and the scope of its action .
the statutes of parliament legally [find out] the shape of local government and the scope of its action .

Regarding central/local relations the report urged that local authorities should have greater powers to determine their own structure , organization and policy and should be put in a stronger financial position .
regarding central/local relations the report urged that local authorities should have greater powers to [find out] their own structure , organization and policy and should be put in a stronger financial position .

To determine how fetal growth is related to death from cardiovascular disease in adult life .
to [find out] how fetal growth is related to death from cardiovascular disease in adult life .

’ Overall , women 's claims to maintenance from the state both determine and are determined by their relationship to their families and the formal labour market .
’ overall , women 's claims to maintenance from the state both [find out] and are determined by their relationship to their families and the formal labour market .

There are two main elements to the new system — the use of a formula to determine payments and the establishment of a Child Support Agency to set , collect and enforce payments .
there are two main elements to the new system — the use of a formula to [find out] payments and the establishment of a child support agency to set , collect and enforce payments .

An adequate explanation of the greater incidence of poverty among women in old age must reflect on the social and economic status of women before as well as after retirement and , therefore , the systems of distribution which determine status and access to resources .
an adequate explanation of the greater incidence of poverty among women in old age must reflect on the social and economic status of women before as well as after retirement and , therefore , the systems of distribution which [find out] status and access to resources .

Using an element of known direction of curvature one can thus conveniently determine the direction of curvature of another element .
using an element of known direction of curvature one can thus conveniently [find out] the direction of curvature of another element .

General practitioners can determine the pattern of later health care delivery in Alzheimer 's disease and may not refer to specialist outpatient care .
general practitioners can [find out] the pattern of later health care delivery in alzheimer 's disease and may not refer to specialist outpatient care .

Tests to determine drug concentrations are expensive and take time , but cheap , rapid screening tests are now available that provide a qualitative answer within one hour — for example , by fluorescence immunoassay on a urine sample .
tests to [find out] drug concentrations are expensive and take time , but cheap , rapid screening tests are now available that provide a qualitative answer within one hour — for example , by fluorescence immunoassay on a urine sample .

To determine the age related incidence of severe acute renal failure in adults in two health districts in England .
to [find out] the age related incidence of severe acute renal failure in adults in two health districts in england .

They were unable to determine whether this risk profile reflected cultural inheritance or difficulty in becoming pregnant .
they were unable to [find out] whether this risk profile reflected cultural inheritance or difficulty in becoming pregnant .

To determine the extent to which symptom diaries of asthmatic patients are inaccurate or based on retrospective recall .
to [find out] the extent to which symptom diaries of asthmatic patients are inaccurate or based on retrospective recall .

To determine the mechanisms and thereby appropriate management for apparent life threatening events treated with cardiopulmonary resuscitation in infants and young children .
to [find out] the mechanisms and thereby appropriate management for apparent life threatening events treated with cardiopulmonary resuscitation in infants and young children .

Although it is hampered by a lack of trained community nurses , it has undertaken a process of community diagnosis to determine local health problems and conducts numerous preventive and health education activities , including cervical cytology programmes , visits to schools , group work with mothers , and the training of health agents .
although it is hampered by a lack of trained community nurses , it has undertaken a process of community diagnosis to [find out] local health problems and conducts numerous preventive and health education activities , including cervical cytology programmes , visits to schools , group work with mothers , and the training of health agents .

The study 's aim , as approved by the Shetland Health Board Ethical Committee , is ‘ to determine the human health effects of the Shetland oil spillage ’ on the people resident within 5 km of the spill .
the study 's aim , as approved by the shetland health board ethical committee , is ‘ to [find out] the human health effects of the shetland oil spillage ’ on the people resident within 5 km of the spill .

To determine if any excess of childhood leukaemia and non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma was associated with certain striking examples of population mixing in rural Scotland produced by the North Sea oil industry .
to [find out] if any excess of childhood leukaemia and non-hodgkin 's lymphoma was associated with certain striking examples of population mixing in rural scotland produced by the north sea oil industry .

To determine whether this ‘ Vancouver effect ’ is real , a more exhaustive analysis is needed of all volumes of a wider spectrum of journals .
to [find out] whether this ‘ vancouver effect ’ is real , a more exhaustive analysis is needed of all volumes of a wider spectrum of journals .

’ This quotation from Working for Patients shows that health authorities are required to determine the needs of their populations and the services required to meet them .
’ this quotation from working for patients shows that health authorities are required to [find out] the needs of their populations and the services required to meet them .

To determine the prevalence , clinical correlates , and outcome of hypoxaemia in acutely ill children with respiratory symptoms .
to [find out] the prevalence , clinical correlates , and outcome of hypoxaemia in acutely ill children with respiratory symptoms .

To determine the range of oxygen saturation in healthy children in Nairobi , which is 1670 m above sea level , oximetry was carried out in 87 normal healthy children aged 7 days to 36 months who were attending child welfare clinics for immunisation .
to [find out] the range of oxygen saturation in healthy children in nairobi , which is 1670 m above sea level , oximetry was carried out in 87 normal healthy children aged 7 days to 36 months who were attending child welfare clinics for immunisation .

Although many children with pneumonia are hypoxaemic , the limited availability of oxygen in developing regions indicates that the clinical studies should be designed to determine which hypoxaemic children will benefit most from treatment .
although many children with pneumonia are hypoxaemic , the limited availability of oxygen in developing regions indicates that the clinical studies should be designed to [find out] which hypoxaemic children will benefit most from treatment .

An effective means of achieving this is by the use of an individual care assessment approach , the main elements of which include the following : 1 Medical , Nursing and Social assessment of the person 's needs to determine the most appropriate form of care , eg domiciliary/residential/day care , taking into account availability in both the public and private sector .
an effective means of achieving this is by the use of an individual care assessment approach , the main elements of which include the following : 1 medical , nursing and social assessment of the person 's needs to [find out] the most appropriate form of care , eg domiciliary/residential/day care , taking into account availability in both the public and private sector .

Their response to the above questions could determine the level , quality and variety of care put in .
their response to the above questions could [find out] the level , quality and variety of care put in .

The type of building can determine and/or limit the service being offered to dementia sufferers .
the type of building can [find out] and/or limit the service being offered to dementia sufferers .

Before considering future development it would be advisable for those agencies already providing or assisting in the provision of day care to evaluate current service to determine its efficacy .
before considering future development it would be advisable for those agencies already providing or assisting in the provision of day care to evaluate current service to [find out] its efficacy .

Although formalised assessment is useful , other factors such as physical illness , family support , degree of isolation , concurrent psychiatric symptomatology etc are likely to determine an individual 's need for day hospital attendance .
although formalised assessment is useful , other factors such as physical illness , family support , degree of isolation , concurrent psychiatric symptomatology etc are likely to [find out] an individual 's need for day hospital attendance .

This study compares the methods used to diagnose pyloric stenosis at Camperdown children 's hospital during two periods , 1974–7 and 1988–91 , to determine whether imaging is being used more frequently and whether it has led to earlier diagnosis and better management of pyloric stenosis .
this study compares the methods used to diagnose pyloric stenosis at camperdown children 's hospital during two periods , 1974–7 and 1988–91 , to [find out] whether imaging is being used more frequently and whether it has led to earlier diagnosis and better management of pyloric stenosis .

Studies are currently under way to determine the role of the laryngeal mask in emergency medicine and the degree of training required to ensure its safe application in this area .
studies are currently under way to [find out] the role of the laryngeal mask in emergency medicine and the degree of training required to ensure its safe application in this area .

Each member country must determine the detailed content of training for the various specialties it chooses to recognise under the directives .
each member country must [find out] the detailed content of training for the various specialties it chooses to recognise under the directives .

However , as there has been no simultaneous monitoring of incidence , it is extremely difficult to determine the effects of these expensive actions to human health and wellbeing .
however , as there has been no simultaneous monitoring of incidence , it is extremely difficult to [find out] the effects of these expensive actions to human health and wellbeing .

The above experiment was extended to determine the sequence of both subunits essential for this interaction as described in the Materials and Methods .
the above experiment was extended to [find out] the sequence of both subunits essential for this interaction as described in the materials and methods .

To determine whether birth weight and gestational age are associated with respiratory illness and lung function in children aged 5–11 years .
to [find out] whether birth weight and gestational age are associated with respiratory illness and lung function in children aged 5–11 years .

To determine the accuracy of psychiatric diagnoses made by two community psychogeriatric teams operating a multidisciplinary assessment procedure .
to [find out] the accuracy of psychiatric diagnoses made by two community psychogeriatric teams operating a multidisciplinary assessment procedure .

To determine the changes between 1979 and 1990 in demography and dependency levels in elderly people in residential care .
to [find out] the changes between 1979 and 1990 in demography and dependency levels in elderly people in residential care .

Probing simply involves pushing a metal rod into the soil to try to determine the presence of buried features from the depth of penetration of the probe .
probing simply involves pushing a metal rod into the soil to try to [find out] the presence of buried features from the depth of penetration of the probe .

For example , it may be possible to determine that one group of contexts represents a building , which was covered by a group of contexts representing a paved area , which in turn was covered by a group of contexts representing another building , etc .
for example , it may be possible to [find out] that one group of contexts represents a building , which was covered by a group of contexts representing a paved area , which in turn was covered by a group of contexts representing another building , etc .

Chemical analysis is usually employed to determine the materials from which an object is made , and often to identify trace elements which may give a clue to the origins and date of the object .
chemical analysis is usually employed to [find out] the materials from which an object is made , and often to identify trace elements which may give a clue to the origins and date of the object .

Appropriate means would have to be found , of course , to determine progress made in each area .
appropriate means would have to be found , of course , to [find out] progress made in each area .

In large part , Saunders justifies his approach in terms of a questionable conception of what is meant by the term ‘ determine ’ .
in large part , saunders justifies his approach in terms of a questionable conception of what is meant by the term ‘ [find out] ’ .

Harloe 's point is the simple but necessary one which has already been cited in relation to Williams 's discussion of base and superstructure , that ‘ determine ’ has to be understood in terms of the setting of limits , a usage which Saunders ( 1984 : 207 ) himself employs in contradistinction to the ‘ one to one ism ’ of French structuralism to describe the relationship between tenure and production-derived class .
harloe 's point is the simple but necessary one which has already been cited in relation to williams 's discussion of base and superstructure , that ‘ [find out] ’ has to be understood in terms of the setting of limits , a usage which saunders ( 1984 : 207 ) himself employs in contradistinction to the ‘ one to one ism ’ of french structuralism to describe the relationship between tenure and production-derived class .

He argues that pre-industrial class experiences and the cultural forces which originated in them — ‘ the rich interaction of economy , community , culture and history ’ ( Cooke , 1985 : 239 ) — determine regional identity .
he argues that pre-industrial class experiences and the cultural forces which originated in them — ‘ the rich interaction of economy , community , culture and history ’ ( cooke , 1985 : 239 ) — [find out] regional identity .

It is sometimes claimed that stylometry enables the scholar to identify the fingerprint of an author , a stylistic criterion , or set of criteria , which can be used to determine with certainty questions of disputed authorship .
it is sometimes claimed that stylometry enables the scholar to identify the fingerprint of an author , a stylistic criterion , or set of criteria , which can be used to [find out] with certainty questions of disputed authorship .

The tribunal is required to determine whether the employer acted reasonably or unreasonably in treating the established reason for dismissal as sufficient reason for dismissing the employee , having regard to equity and the substantial merits of the case and to the size and administrative resources of the employer 's undertaking .
the tribunal is required to [find out] whether the employer acted reasonably or unreasonably in treating the established reason for dismissal as sufficient reason for dismissing the employee , having regard to equity and the substantial merits of the case and to the size and administrative resources of the employer 's undertaking .

An employee denied such a statement may refer the matter to a tribunal which will determine the particulars which should have been included and referred to in such a statement .
an employee denied such a statement may refer the matter to a tribunal which will [find out] the particulars which should have been included and referred to in such a statement .

to determine any jurisdictional issues not reserved for a tribunal , as distinct from a chairman acting alone .
to [find out] any jurisdictional issues not reserved for a tribunal , as distinct from a chairman acting alone .

Commercial considerations should not alone determine the future supply of legal services and the profession should retain only those rules which are ‘ essential for the maintenance of professional standards in the public interest ’ .
commercial considerations should not alone [find out] the future supply of legal services and the profession should retain only those rules which are ‘ essential for the maintenance of professional standards in the public interest ’ .

The traditions and customs of each branch of the profession tend to determine the form of education and training rather than any objectively determined educational needs .
the traditions and customs of each branch of the profession tend to [find out] the form of education and training rather than any objectively determined educational needs .

Finally , in cases involving legal aid , legal aid rates are established by regulations and it will be these which determine the amount payable to the solicitor out of the Legal Aid Fund for work done whether contentious or non-contentious .
finally , in cases involving legal aid , legal aid rates are established by regulations and it will be these which [find out] the amount payable to the solicitor out of the legal aid fund for work done whether contentious or non-contentious .

The solicitor or some other member of the practice will conduct a simplified means test using a green form and a key card to determine financial eligibility .
the solicitor or some other member of the practice will conduct a simplified means test using a green form and a key card to [find out] financial eligibility .

The principal function of the Tribunal is to determine applications in respect of solicitors relating to allegations of unbefitting conduct or breaches of the rules relating to professional practice , conduct and discipline .
the principal function of the tribunal is to [find out] applications in respect of solicitors relating to allegations of unbefitting conduct or breaches of the rules relating to professional practice , conduct and discipline .

Second , we might see something right about that theory of meaning or something wrong about it , and use this to determine our attitude to foundationalism in general ; thus we might avoid the need to consider all the different varieties one by one .
second , we might see something right about that theory of meaning or something wrong about it , and use this to [find out] our attitude to foundationalism in general ; thus we might avoid the need to consider all the different varieties one by one .

Of course our data are always incomplete ; they never determine one translation as conclusively right and all competitors as conclusively wrong .
of course our data are always incomplete ; they never [find out] one translation as conclusively right and all competitors as conclusively wrong .

The speaker must monitor what it is that he has just said , and determine whether it matches his intentions , while he is uttering his current phrase and monitoring that , and simultaneously planning his next utterance and fitting that into the overall pattern of what he wants to say and monitoring , moreover , not only his own performance but its reception by his hearer .
the speaker must monitor what it is that he has just said , and [find out] whether it matches his intentions , while he is uttering his current phrase and monitoring that , and simultaneously planning his next utterance and fitting that into the overall pattern of what he wants to say and monitoring , moreover , not only his own performance but its reception by his hearer .

He has to determine what constitutes the verbal event , and what form he will transcribe it in .
he has to [find out] what constitutes the verbal event , and what form he will transcribe it in .

In trying to determine such regularities , the discourse analyst will typically adopt the traditional methodology of descriptive linguistics .
in trying to [find out] such regularities , the discourse analyst will typically adopt the traditional methodology of descriptive linguistics .

Is it possible to determine in any principled way what aspects of context of situation are relevant to these different interpretations of the same ‘ utterance ’ on two occasions ?
is it possible to [find out] in any principled way what aspects of context of situation are relevant to these different interpretations of the same ‘ utterance ’ on two occasions ?

( We should point out that you are not here being asked to use the co-ordinates for the purpose Lewis intended them for , to determine the truth of a sentence .
( we should point out that you are not here being asked to use the co-ordinates for the purpose lewis intended them for , to [find out] the truth of a sentence .

How is he to determine the relevant span of time in the interpretation of a particular utterance of ‘ now ’ or the relevant aspects of a character referred to by the expression ‘ John ’ ?
how is he to [find out] the relevant span of time in the interpretation of a particular utterance of ‘ now ’ or the relevant aspects of a character referred to by the expression ‘ john ’ ?

There must be principles of interpretation available to the hearer which enable him to determine , for instance , a relevant and reasonable interpretation of an expression ‘ John ’ on a particular occasion of utterance .
there must be principles of interpretation available to the hearer which enable him to [find out] , for instance , a relevant and reasonable interpretation of an expression ‘ john ’ on a particular occasion of utterance .

In order to construct a notion of ‘ speaker in a context ’ it is necessary to generalise over contexts and to determine what characteristics speakers in different contexts share .
in order to construct a notion of ‘ speaker in a context ’ it is necessary to generalise over contexts and to [find out] what characteristics speakers in different contexts share .

Similarly , in order to construct a notion of ‘ genre ’ , it is necessary to generalise across experience and determine what it is that is common to fairy stories , chats , news broadcasts , epic poems , debates or salesmen 's routines which enables us to recognise one as being a token of the generalised type .
similarly , in order to construct a notion of ‘ genre ’ , it is necessary to generalise across experience and [find out] what it is that is common to fairy stories , chats , news broadcasts , epic poems , debates or salesmen 's routines which enables us to recognise one as being a token of the generalised type .

If there are , as we have already argued , a potentially large number of different ways of expressing ‘ the topic ’ of even a short written text , how does the analyst determine which is the one correct expression of the topic for the text ?
if there are , as we have already argued , a potentially large number of different ways of expressing ‘ the topic ’ of even a short written text , how does the analyst [find out] which is the one correct expression of the topic for the text ?

From the content of the text the analyst can , in principle , determine what aspects of the context are explicitly reflected in the text as the formal record of the utterance .
from the content of the text the analyst can , in principle , [find out] what aspects of the context are explicitly reflected in the text as the formal record of the utterance .

As a way of characterising the type of feature which will be required in a topic framework , we shall examine a fragment of conversational discourse and try to determine what is ‘ being talked about ’ .
as a way of characterising the type of feature which will be required in a topic framework , we shall examine a fragment of conversational discourse and try to [find out] what is ‘ being talked about ’ .

From this , it may be possible to determine clearly which media work best for the brand , and this , obviously , must influence any new plans .
from this , it may be possible to [find out] clearly which media work best for the brand , and this , obviously , must influence any new plans .

‘ the parental right to determine whether or not their minor child below the age of 16 will have medical treatment terminates if and when the child achieves a sufficient understanding and intelligence to enable him or her to understand fully what is proposed .
‘ the parental right to [find out] whether or not their minor child below the age of 16 will have medical treatment terminates if and when the child achieves a sufficient understanding and intelligence to enable him or her to understand fully what is proposed .

This court does not have jurisdiction to determine these appeals if they are appeals in a ‘ criminal cause or matter ’ within section 18 ( 1 ) of the Supreme Court Act 1981 .
this court does not have jurisdiction to [find out] these appeals if they are appeals in a ‘ criminal cause or matter ’ within section 18 ( 1 ) of the supreme court act 1981 .

‘ at any time if he thinks fit release on licence a person serving a term of imprisonment for life subject to compliance with such conditions , if any , as the Secretary of State may from time to time determine .
‘ at any time if he thinks fit release on licence a person serving a term of imprisonment for life subject to compliance with such conditions , if any , as the secretary of state may from time to time [find out] .

He has to judge the public acceptability of early release and to determine the policies needed to maintain public confidence in the system of criminal justice .
he has to judge the public acceptability of early release and to [find out] the policies needed to maintain public confidence in the system of criminal justice .

It will determine , in many cases , the earliest date at which his release can even be considered by the local review committee or the Parole Board , subject only to an overriding discretion of the Home Secretary .
it will [find out] , in many cases , the earliest date at which his release can even be considered by the local review committee or the parole board , subject only to an overriding discretion of the home secretary .

In future the advice of the Lord Chief Justice and the trial judge was to be obtained immediately after sentence , whether the life sentence was mandatory or discretionary , but in the latter case the judicial view of the tariff was to determine the date of the first review by the Parole Board machinery .
in future the advice of the lord chief justice and the trial judge was to be obtained immediately after sentence , whether the life sentence was mandatory or discretionary , but in the latter case the judicial view of the tariff was to [find out] the date of the first review by the parole board machinery .

‘ For the purpose of this Convention — ( a ) ‘ rights of custody ’ shall include rights relating to the care of the person of the child and , in particular , the right to determine the child 's place of residence ; …
‘ for the purpose of this convention — ( a ) ‘ rights of custody ’ shall include rights relating to the care of the person of the child and , in particular , the right to [find out] the child 's place of residence ; …

It is common ground between the parties that these two actions were both within the ambit of article 1 , which of course comprises ‘ civil and commercial matters , ’ and that Schedule 4 therefore applies to determine the court 's jurisdiction .
it is common ground between the parties that these two actions were both within the ambit of article 1 , which of course comprises ‘ civil and commercial matters , ’ and that schedule 4 therefore applies to [find out] the court 's jurisdiction .

‘ If in order to decide the question of jurisdiction it is necessary to determine finally whether a contract exists or not it would seem to follow that if the conclusion arrived at was that no contract existed then ex hypothesi the conditions of article 5 ( 1 ) would not be met and the court would have no jurisdiction .
‘ if in order to decide the question of jurisdiction it is necessary to [find out] finally whether a contract exists or not it would seem to follow that if the conclusion arrived at was that no contract existed then ex hypothesi the conditions of article 5 ( 1 ) would not be met and the court would have no jurisdiction .

The rule laid down in article 6 ( 1 ) therefore applies where the actions brought against the various defendants are related when the proceedings are instituted , that is to say where it is expedient to hear and determine them together in order to avoid the risk of irreconcilable judgments resulting from separate proceedings .
the rule laid down in article 6 ( 1 ) therefore applies where the actions brought against the various defendants are related when the proceedings are instituted , that is to say where it is expedient to hear and [find out] them together in order to avoid the risk of irreconcilable judgments resulting from separate proceedings .

Mr. Beloff , who appeared for Miss Calder , submitted that when the courts are concerned today to determine the reach of judicial review , the absence of precedent is not a compelling argument .
mr. beloff , who appeared for miss calder , submitted that when the courts are concerned today to [find out] the reach of judicial review , the absence of precedent is not a compelling argument .

267 , which came to the Privy Council just before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council was created , provides a valuable illustration of the fact that in the absence of such arrangements as were made between the Inns of Court and the judges in this country , the power to judges to determine who were fit and proper persons to practise before them , where it existed , was regarded as essential for the due administration of justice .
267 , which came to the privy council just before the judicial committee of the privy council was created , provides a valuable illustration of the fact that in the absence of such arrangements as were made between the inns of court and the judges in this country , the power to judges to [find out] who were fit and proper persons to practise before them , where it existed , was regarded as essential for the due administration of justice .

In the colonies there are no Inns of Court , but it is essential for the due administration of justice that some persons should have authority to determine , who are fit persons to practise as advocates and attornies there .
in the colonies there are no inns of court , but it is essential for the due administration of justice that some persons should have authority to [find out] , who are fit persons to practise as advocates and attornies there .

‘ By the common law of England the judges have the right to determine who shall be admitted to practise as barristers and solicitors : and , as incidental thereto , the judges have the right to suspend or prohibit from practice .
‘ by the common law of england the judges have the right to [find out] who shall be admitted to practise as barristers and solicitors : and , as incidental thereto , the judges have the right to suspend or prohibit from practice .

Clause 7 thereof gave power to the first defendant , inter alia , to ‘ determine the remuneration of the receiver .
clause 7 thereof gave power to the first defendant , inter alia , to ‘ [find out] the remuneration of the receiver .

‘ Subject to the provisions of this or any other Act and to rules of court , the costs of and incidental to all proceedings in the civil division of the Court of Appeal and in the High Court … shall be in the discretion of the court , and the court shall have full power to determine by whom and to what extent the costs are to be paid .
‘ subject to the provisions of this or any other act and to rules of court , the costs of and incidental to all proceedings in the civil division of the court of appeal and in the high court … shall be in the discretion of the court , and the court shall have full power to [find out] by whom and to what extent the costs are to be paid .

They also say that , until the court is able to determine what , if any , is the Government of Somalia with which Her Majesty 's Government has appropriate dealings of a governmental nature , the money in court should remain there .
they also say that , until the court is able to [find out] what , if any , is the government of somalia with which her majesty 's government has appropriate dealings of a governmental nature , the money in court should remain there .

Not merely is the Criminal Division of the Court of Appeal hardly the most suitable tribunal to determine complex questions of civil law — the pressures on the court 's time aside — but the very fact that this is the Criminal Division carries with it the consequence that whatever we decide can not be the subject of appeal : see section 33 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 .
not merely is the criminal division of the court of appeal hardly the most suitable tribunal to [find out] complex questions of civil law — the pressures on the court 's time aside — but the very fact that this is the criminal division carries with it the consequence that whatever we decide can not be the subject of appeal : see section 33 of the criminal appeal act 1968 .

It is only if the interests of the child render it appropriate that the courts of [ England ] rather than [ Australia ] shall determine its future that there can be any exception to an order for its return .
it is only if the interests of the child render it appropriate that the courts of [ england ] rather than [ australia ] shall [find out] its future that there can be any exception to an order for its return .

‘ As to the ability to determine that issue between the parents , it appears to me that there is little to choose between the family court in England and that in Australia .
‘ as to the ability to [find out] that issue between the parents , it appears to me that there is little to choose between the family court in england and that in australia .

On the board 's summons to determine whether the assignees of deposits under assignments made between 5 and 30 July , were to be treated as depositors entitled to compensation from the fund pursuant to section 58(1) of the Act of 1987 : —
on the board 's summons to [find out] whether the assignees of deposits under assignments made between 5 and 30 july , were to be treated as depositors entitled to compensation from the fund pursuant to section 58(1) of the act of 1987 : —

Nobody could doubt that the applications made by the applicant to the district judge were applications in a criminal cause , for their purpose was to determine the way in which the prosecution should proceed .
nobody could doubt that the applications made by the applicant to the district judge were applications in a criminal cause , for their purpose was to [find out] the way in which the prosecution should proceed .

International law recognised that it was for each state to determine the conditions upon which it granted its nationality to ships , subject to there being a genuine link between the flag state and the vessel .
international law recognised that it was for each state to [find out] the conditions upon which it granted its nationality to ships , subject to there being a genuine link between the flag state and the vessel .

In those circumstances , Community law could not deprive member states of their competence to determine the conditions for the grant of their flags to vessels .
in those circumstances , community law could not deprive member states of their competence to [find out] the conditions for the grant of their flags to vessels .

Ireland took the view that , in the absence of Community rules concerning the registration of shipping , the member states retained jurisdiction to determine which vessels were entitled to register on their respective national registers .
ireland took the view that , in the absence of community rules concerning the registration of shipping , the member states retained jurisdiction to [find out] which vessels were entitled to register on their respective national registers .

In the context of the present case , however , it was not necessary to determine whether there were any conceivable circumstances in which Community law might affect rules in that sphere laid down by a member state .
in the context of the present case , however , it was not necessary to [find out] whether there were any conceivable circumstances in which community law might affect rules in that sphere laid down by a member state .

‘ Where , in the case of any fishing vessel , the Secretary of State is satisfied that — ( a ) the vessel would be eligible to be registered as a British fishing vessel but for the fact that any particular individual , or ( as the case may be ) each of a number of particular individuals , is not a British citizen ( and is accordingly not a qualified person ) , and ( b ) it would be appropriate to dispense with the requirement of British citizenship in the case of that individual or those individuals , in view of the length of time he has or they have resided in the United Kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the United Kingdom , the Secretary of State may determine that that requirement should be so dispensed with ; and , if he does so , the vessel shall , so long as paragraph ( a ) above applies to it and any such determination remains in force , be treated for the purposes of this Part as eligible to be registered as a British fishing vessel .
‘ where , in the case of any fishing vessel , the secretary of state is satisfied that — ( a ) the vessel would be eligible to be registered as a british fishing vessel but for the fact that any particular individual , or ( as the case may be ) each of a number of particular individuals , is not a british citizen ( and is accordingly not a qualified person ) , and ( b ) it would be appropriate to dispense with the requirement of british citizenship in the case of that individual or those individuals , in view of the length of time he has or they have resided in the united kingdom and been involved in the fishing industry of the united kingdom , the secretary of state may [find out] that that requirement should be so dispensed with ; and , if he does so , the vessel shall , so long as paragraph ( a ) above applies to it and any such determination remains in force , be treated for the purposes of this part as eligible to be registered as a british fishing vessel .

It is uncontested that , as Community law stands at present , competence to determine the conditions for the registration of fishing boats is vested in the member states .
it is uncontested that , as community law stands at present , competence to [find out] the conditions for the registration of fishing boats is vested in the member states .

‘ Member states shall determine , in accordance with the applicable Community provisions , the detailed rules for the utilisation of the quotas allocated to them .
‘ member states shall [find out] , in accordance with the applicable community provisions , the detailed rules for the utilisation of the quotas allocated to them .

( 1 ) Whilst at present it falls to the member state concerned to determine whether a vessel is entitled to be registered in that state , the member state in question is none the less bound to comply with the relevant principles and provisions of Community law .
( 1 ) whilst at present it falls to the member state concerned to [find out] whether a vessel is entitled to be registered in that state , the member state in question is none the less bound to comply with the relevant principles and provisions of community law .

It must be observed in the first place that , as Community law stands at present , competence to determine the conditions for the registration of vessels is vested in the member states .
it must be observed in the first place that , as community law stands at present , competence to [find out] the conditions for the registration of vessels is vested in the member states .

Consequently , the answer to question ( 1 ) must be that , as Community law stands at present , it is for the member states to determine , in accordance with the general rules of international law , the conditions which must be fulfilled in order for a vessel to be registered in their registers and granted the right to fly their flag , but , in exercising that power , the member states must comply with the rules of Community law .
consequently , the answer to question ( 1 ) must be that , as community law stands at present , it is for the member states to [find out] , in accordance with the general rules of international law , the conditions which must be fulfilled in order for a vessel to be registered in their registers and granted the right to fly their flag , but , in exercising that power , the member states must comply with the rules of community law .

( 1 ) As Community law stands at present , it is for the member states to determine , in accordance with the general rules of international law , the conditions which must be fulfilled in order for a vessel to be registered in their registers and granted the right to fly their flag , but , in exercising that power , the member states must comply with the rules of Community law .
( 1 ) as community law stands at present , it is for the member states to [find out] , in accordance with the general rules of international law , the conditions which must be fulfilled in order for a vessel to be registered in their registers and granted the right to fly their flag , but , in exercising that power , the member states must comply with the rules of community law .

Building Society — Ombudsman — Jurisdiction — Further mortgage advances — Property valuations by societies ' employees — Borrowers ' complaints of negligent surveys to ombudsman — Whether jurisdiction to investigate and determine — Building Societies Act 1986 ( c. 53 ) , s. 83 ( 1 ) , Sch .
building society — ombudsman — jurisdiction — further mortgage advances — property valuations by societies ' employees — borrowers ' complaints of negligent surveys to ombudsman — whether jurisdiction to investigate and [find out] — building societies act 1986 ( c. 53 ) , s. 83 ( 1 ) , sch .

This report is prepared to enable the Woolwich to determine how much to lend .
this report is prepared to enable the woolwich to [find out] how much to lend .

On 30 March 1992 the local authority sought and were granted leave under section 100 of the Children Act 1989 to invoke the inherent jurisdiction of the High Court to ‘ determine whether artificial ventilation and/or other life-saving measures should be given to the minor if he suffers a life-threatening event . ’
on 30 march 1992 the local authority sought and were granted leave under section 100 of the children act 1989 to invoke the inherent jurisdiction of the high court to ‘ [find out] whether artificial ventilation and/or other life-saving measures should be given to the minor if he suffers a life-threatening event . ’

It would be for the court to determine whether or not the accommodation was in fact suitable .
it would be for the court to [find out] whether or not the accommodation was in fact suitable .

‘ There is no doubt that if a person pays in an action or under threat of action the money can not be recovered by him , as the payment is made to avoid the litigation to determine the right to the money claimed .
‘ there is no doubt that if a person pays in an action or under threat of action the money can not be recovered by him , as the payment is made to avoid the litigation to [find out] the right to the money claimed .

‘ There is no doubt that if a person pays in an action or under threat of action the money can not be recovered by him , as the payment is made to avoid the litigation to determine the right to the money claimed .
‘ there is no doubt that if a person pays in an action or under threat of action the money can not be recovered by him , as the payment is made to avoid the litigation to [find out] the right to the money claimed .

Defence counsel 's application for the judge to inspect the sister 's first statement under section 17 of the Evidence Act to determine whether or not it should be made available to the defence was refused .
defence counsel 's application for the judge to inspect the sister 's first statement under section 17 of the evidence act to [find out] whether or not it should be made available to the defence was refused .

‘ Where the prosecution intends to lead evidence of verbal admissions or confessions , the defence should always be alerted before the start of the case of such intention and the terms of the admissions/confessions so as to give the defence an opportunity to determine whether or not to challenge the admissibility of the evidence . ’
‘ where the prosecution intends to lead evidence of verbal admissions or confessions , the defence should always be alerted before the start of the case of such intention and the terms of the admissions/confessions so as to give the defence an opportunity to [find out] whether or not to challenge the admissibility of the evidence . ’

‘ Whether or not the death was unnatural can often be a very difficult question to determine ; but , in my view , in cases where the cause of death is status asthmaticus it is less difficult than in many other situations .
‘ whether or not the death was unnatural can often be a very difficult question to [find out] ; but , in my view , in cases where the cause of death is status asthmaticus it is less difficult than in many other situations .

If the context shows that a word is used in an unusual sense the court will determine in other words what that unusual sense is .
if the context shows that a word is used in an unusual sense the court will [find out] in other words what that unusual sense is .

It is true that rule 42 of the Rules provides : ‘ No verdict shall be framed in such a way as to appear to determine any question of — … ( b ) civil liability .
it is true that rule 42 of the rules provides : ‘ no verdict shall be framed in such a way as to appear to [find out] any question of — … ( b ) civil liability .

There was no issue in dispute for the justices to determine .
there was no issue in dispute for the justices to [find out] .

The agreement was clearly intended to be of short duration and could have been secured by a lease for a fixed term , say five or ten years with power for the landlord to determine before the expiry of that period for the purposes of the road widening .
the agreement was clearly intended to be of short duration and could have been secured by a lease for a fixed term , say five or ten years with power for the landlord to [find out] before the expiry of that period for the purposes of the road widening .

‘ shall have effect as if it granted or provided for the grant of a tenancy for a term of 10 years , subject to a right exercisable either by the landlord or the tenant to determine the tenancy , if the war ends before the expiration of that term , by at least one month 's notice in writing given after the end of the war ; …
‘ shall have effect as if it granted or provided for the grant of a tenancy for a term of 10 years , subject to a right exercisable either by the landlord or the tenant to [find out] the tenancy , if the war ends before the expiration of that term , by at least one month 's notice in writing given after the end of the war ; …

… Now , in this case , it was agreed , that the defendant should quit at Candlemas ; and though the agreement is void as to the number of years for which the defendant was to hold , if the lessor chooses to determine the tenancy before the expiration of the seven years , he can only put an end to it at Candlemas .
… now , in this case , it was agreed , that the defendant should quit at candlemas ; and though the agreement is void as to the number of years for which the defendant was to hold , if the lessor chooses to [find out] the tenancy before the expiration of the seven years , he can only put an end to it at candlemas .

On the receivers ' application to determine whether receivers appointed over the property of an unregistered company were administrative receivers within the meaning of section 29(2) of the Insolvency Act 1986 : —
on the receivers ' application to [find out] whether receivers appointed over the property of an unregistered company were administrative receivers within the meaning of section 29(2) of the insolvency act 1986 : —

It is not argued that any system of law other than English law applies to determine the legal status of the receivers appointed by the bank pursuant to the debenture .
it is not argued that any system of law other than english law applies to [find out] the legal status of the receivers appointed by the bank pursuant to the debenture .

On hearing the application , the court can determine the matter summarily or adjourn it , giving such directions as are appropriate .
on hearing the application , the court can [find out] the matter summarily or adjourn it , giving such directions as are appropriate .

The creditors ' committee is appointed ( except where the official receiver is trustee ) to assist the trustee generally and in particular to determine the trustee 's remuneration , though this power is subject to the overriding jurisdiction of creditors generally and the court .
the creditors ' committee is appointed ( except where the official receiver is trustee ) to assist the trustee generally and in particular to [find out] the trustee 's remuneration , though this power is subject to the overriding jurisdiction of creditors generally and the court .

The main function of the creditors ' committee is to determine the remuneration of the trustee ( r 6.138 ( 3 ) ) .
the main function of the creditors ' committee is to [find out] the remuneration of the trustee ( r 6.138 ( 3 ) ) .

It can determine that the trustee should be paid a percentage of the value of the assets realised and/or distributed , or by reference to the time spent by the trustee and his staff , and must have regard to the complexity or otherwise of the matter , any exceptional responsibility falling on the trustee , the trustee 's effectiveness and the value and nature of the assets dealt with by the trustee .
it can [find out] that the trustee should be paid a percentage of the value of the assets realised and/or distributed , or by reference to the time spent by the trustee and his staff , and must have regard to the complexity or otherwise of the matter , any exceptional responsibility falling on the trustee , the trustee 's effectiveness and the value and nature of the assets dealt with by the trustee .

Two years ago we reported on the seismic survey work being carried out in the Solent to determine if oil drilling there would be profitable .
two years ago we reported on the seismic survey work being carried out in the solent to [find out] if oil drilling there would be profitable .

Normally , the angle of the start line relative to the wind direction will determine where you should start .
normally , the angle of the start line relative to the wind direction will [find out] where you should start .

It is also important to consider any features that may have existed in the vicinity of the site , as these could help determine the age and purpose of items found .
it is also important to consider any features that may have existed in the vicinity of the site , as these could help [find out] the age and purpose of items found .

( 3 ) The council of any district or islands area may from time to time determine whether the district or area shall be divided ( or continue to be divided ) into licensing divisions for the purposes of this Act , and such a council shall , on making a determination under this subsection , forthwith notify the Secretary of State of such determination and cause notice thereof to be published in two successive weeks in one or more newspapers circulating in the district or area .
( 3 ) the council of any district or islands area may from time to time [find out] whether the district or area shall be divided ( or continue to be divided ) into licensing divisions for the purposes of this act , and such a council shall , on making a determination under this subsection , forthwith notify the secretary of state of such determination and cause notice thereof to be published in two successive weeks in one or more newspapers circulating in the district or area .

( 2 ) Where on the election of a chairman an equal number of votes is given for two or more persons , the meeting shall determine by lot which of those persons shall be the chairman .
( 2 ) where on the election of a chairman an equal number of votes is given for two or more persons , the meeting shall [find out] by lot which of those persons shall be the chairman .

( 2 ) Where there is an equality of votes requiring that the election of a chairman is to be determined by lot , the meeting is entitled to determine the form of lot to be used .
( 2 ) where there is an equality of votes requiring that the election of a chairman is to be determined by lot , the meeting is entitled to [find out] the form of lot to be used .

( 1 ) The Secretary of State may , by order made by statutory instrument , determine the fees payable by any applicant to a licensing board .
( 1 ) the secretary of state may , by order made by statutory instrument , [find out] the fees payable by any applicant to a licensing board .

There is a further sense in which the very strong link between the Spirit and Jesus will determine our experience of the Spirit .
there is a further sense in which the very strong link between the spirit and jesus will [find out] our experience of the spirit .

The Prime Minister has the capacity to determine the scope of the various offices , or to take-over a department either in practice or by actually adding to his or her own responsibilities .
the prime minister has the capacity to [find out] the scope of the various offices , or to take-over a department either in practice or by actually adding to his or her own responsibilities .

Simply expressed , a relatively poorly supported centre party with well under 20 per cent of the vote , but with some eighty or so seats , would invariably be in government ; would be in a position to determine whether Conservative or Labour were drawn into government with it ; and would , therefore , be able to exert an influence over the direction of public policy out of all proportion to their votes and support in the country at large .
simply expressed , a relatively poorly supported centre party with well under 20 per cent of the vote , but with some eighty or so seats , would invariably be in government ; would be in a position to [find out] whether conservative or labour were drawn into government with it ; and would , therefore , be able to exert an influence over the direction of public policy out of all proportion to their votes and support in the country at large .

There is the view that socialism will come gradually ( but inevitably ) through a democratic Parliament as a result of the cumulative effect of piecemeal reforms pushed through Parliament consequent upon regular electoral victories enabling the Labour Party to form a government , organise Parliament , and determine law-making .
there is the view that socialism will come gradually ( but inevitably ) through a democratic parliament as a result of the cumulative effect of piecemeal reforms pushed through parliament consequent upon regular electoral victories enabling the labour party to form a government , organise parliament , and [find out] law-making .

It will be necessary to determine in detail what are the constituents of this demand pattern .
it will be necessary to [find out] in detail what are the constituents of this demand pattern .

It makes assumptions about known and unknown future conditions that are likely to determine the success of these plans .
it makes assumptions about known and unknown future conditions that are likely to [find out] the success of these plans .

d ) The degree of accuracy required : the sophistication ( and cost ) of a single or composite forecasting process will determine the resulting accuracy .
d ) the degree of accuracy required : the sophistication ( and cost ) of a single or composite forecasting process will [find out] the resulting accuracy .

Once a forecast for the likely total available market has been prepared , company sales for the forecast period may then be calculated from either : * the expected market share , which should result from the various selling and marketing activities to be implemented during the period ; or * the target market share , which will be used to determine the level of activity of the sales and marketing function , and take into account the impact of competitors in the marketplace .
once a forecast for the likely total available market has been prepared , company sales for the forecast period may then be calculated from either : * the expected market share , which should result from the various selling and marketing activities to be implemented during the period ; or * the target market share , which will be used to [find out] the level of activity of the sales and marketing function , and take into account the impact of competitors in the marketplace .

In both of these cases , the forecaster must have a clear understanding about the workings and relationship of those variables which will determine a company 's relative market share .
in both of these cases , the forecaster must have a clear understanding about the workings and relationship of those variables which will [find out] a company 's relative market share .

7 ) Describe and explain some of the factors which will determine the choice or combination of forecasting methods used by a company for constructing sales and market forecasts .
7 ) describe and explain some of the factors which will [find out] the choice or combination of forecasting methods used by a company for constructing sales and market forecasts .

iii ) perceptual variables will determine the individual 's reaction to the information inputs referred to in Paragraph ( i ) above .
iii ) perceptual variables will [find out] the individual 's reaction to the information inputs referred to in paragraph ( i ) above .

Such fluctuations have an effect on both : * sales levels ; which determine production levels plus * stock or inventory levels , which provide a buffer between sales and production levels .
such fluctuations have an effect on both : * sales levels ; which [find out] production levels plus * stock or inventory levels , which provide a buffer between sales and production levels .

Again , this is hardly surprising , since in organisational terms the authority and responsibility distribution will determine how the final decision is to be taken , and who is to be involved .
again , this is hardly surprising , since in organisational terms the authority and responsibility distribution will [find out] how the final decision is to be taken , and who is to be involved .

These will determine : * the status and authority of senior buyers ; * the degree to which they are consulted by influencers and decision-makers ; * the degree to which they are actually involved in decision making .
these will [find out] : * the status and authority of senior buyers ; * the degree to which they are consulted by influencers and decision-makers ; * the degree to which they are actually involved in decision making .

Supplier companies must then determine how they are going to inform , promote or persuade influencers and decision makers within the Decision Making Unit .
supplier companies must then [find out] how they are going to inform , promote or persuade influencers and decision makers within the decision making unit .

iii ) product-specific factors : are those factors which will determine the nature , timing , risk and technical content of the buying process .
iii ) product-specific factors : are those factors which will [find out] the nature , timing , risk and technical content of the buying process .

Where a product is effectively a `` commodity `` ( as is the case with many foodstuffs ) , or the consumer perceives a number of alternative brands to be easily substituted ( as with paint , do-it-yourself products , electronic calculators , video recorders or home computers ) , then volume production and marketing may determine who will dominate the market .
where a product is effectively a `` commodity `` ( as is the case with many foodstuffs ) , or the consumer perceives a number of alternative brands to be easily substituted ( as with paint , do-it-yourself products , electronic calculators , video recorders or home computers ) , then volume production and marketing may [find out] who will dominate the market .

For example , an analysis of geographic distribution , demographic and life-style characteristics might be used to segment the market for value-added furnishing or food products , and determine appropriate distribution channels to be sought .
for example , an analysis of geographic distribution , demographic and life-style characteristics might be used to segment the market for value-added furnishing or food products , and [find out] appropriate distribution channels to be sought .

The task of the research team , which also included Professor Neville Brown and Mr Takis Tridimas was firstly to establish what were the comparable legal professions in the other ten Member States ( Belgium , Denmark , France , Germany , Greece , Italy , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Spain and Portugal ) , and then to determine their exact educational and training requirements .
the task of the research team , which also included professor neville brown and mr takis tridimas was firstly to establish what were the comparable legal professions in the other ten member states ( belgium , denmark , france , germany , greece , italy , luxembourg , the netherlands , spain and portugal ) , and then to [find out] their exact educational and training requirements .

There are five main factors which determine the structure of any industry .
there are five main factors which [find out] the structure of any industry .

While none of the calculations is necessarily wholly new , financial managers should consider clearly whether they and their financial information systems can adequately provide analysis of economies of scale , experience cost reductions , switching costs , competitive operating costs among members of the industry or market , and so on , all of which help to determine the power of different market participants and the resulting market profitability .
while none of the calculations is necessarily wholly new , financial managers should consider clearly whether they and their financial information systems can adequately provide analysis of economies of scale , experience cost reductions , switching costs , competitive operating costs among members of the industry or market , and so on , all of which help to [find out] the power of different market participants and the resulting market profitability .

On the other hand , this conclusion is not universally accepted ( Gilbert and Strebel , 1987 ; Buzzell and Gale , 1987 ) and so a company would be wise to study the extent to which separate or continued ‘ generic ’ market strategies determine profitability in its particular industry .
on the other hand , this conclusion is not universally accepted ( gilbert and strebel , 1987 ; buzzell and gale , 1987 ) and so a company would be wise to study the extent to which separate or continued ‘ generic ’ market strategies [find out] profitability in its particular industry .

Such an analysis may not totally determine strategy , but it is a tool with which management accountants should be familiar .
such an analysis may not totally [find out] strategy , but it is a tool with which management accountants should be familiar .

The resulting b coefficient from the regression is the value of b needed to determine the learning rate , which , by rearrangement of formula 5.2 is Traditionally , cost-accounting texts have described learning curves , but have not adequately emphasized their strategic importance .
the resulting b coefficient from the regression is the value of b needed to [find out] the learning rate , which , by rearrangement of formula 5.2 is traditionally , cost-accounting texts have described learning curves , but have not adequately emphasized their strategic importance .

rational , in the sense defined above ) planning systems serve useful purposes , they focus unduly upon measurable quantities and underemphasize ‘ the vital qualitative organizational and power-behavioral factors that so often determine strategic success ’ ( p. 15 ) .
rational , in the sense defined above ) planning systems serve useful purposes , they focus unduly upon measurable quantities and underemphasize ‘ the vital qualitative organizational and power-behavioral factors that so often [find out] strategic success ’ ( p. 15 ) .

He stresses that formal planning can only be one of the many building blocks which determine corporate strategy .
he stresses that formal planning can only be one of the many building blocks which [find out] corporate strategy .

Quinn sees large companies as similar to large rivers slowly moving in given directions , but containing within them various ebbs , flows and eddies which , while they do not necessarily contribute in any direct analytical way to the general direction , nevertheless in aggregate help to determine it .
quinn sees large companies as similar to large rivers slowly moving in given directions , but containing within them various ebbs , flows and eddies which , while they do not necessarily contribute in any direct analytical way to the general direction , nevertheless in aggregate help to [find out] it .

But , whatever they do , says Quinn , they do not determine strategies .
but , whatever they do , says quinn , they do not [find out] strategies .

One of the factors which will determine the eventual success or failure of the Dip.HE is the extent of transferability which develops .
one of the factors which will [find out] the eventual success or failure of the dip.he is the extent of transferability which develops .

In this regard they are a vital element in the system and serve two very important functions : they provide a basic general education in art and design and thus constitute a valuable educational experience in their own right ; and they are diagnostic in that they enable students to determine their abilities and select further courses of specialist study .
in this regard they are a vital element in the system and serve two very important functions : they provide a basic general education in art and design and thus constitute a valuable educational experience in their own right ; and they are diagnostic in that they enable students to [find out] their abilities and select further courses of specialist study .

It is important to decide on the heading style before estimating and buying the fabric , as the heading will determine
it is important to decide on the heading style before estimating and buying the fabric , as the heading will [find out]

Inheritance , then , is effected by paired units , called genes , which determine the characters of the organism .
inheritance , then , is effected by paired units , called genes , which [find out] the characters of the organism .

He suggested that , in those species , males might compete among themselves to determine which males mate with the females , and the females might choose which males of the species they would mate with .
he suggested that , in those species , males might compete among themselves to [find out] which males mate with the females , and the females might choose which males of the species they would mate with .

It would take further work to determine the relative contributions of chance , male competition , and female choice , to the variabilities of reproductive success of male and female fruitflies in Bateman 's experiment .
it would take further work to [find out] the relative contributions of chance , male competition , and female choice , to the variabilities of reproductive success of male and female fruitflies in bateman 's experiment .

In moments of crisis the strangest reflexes determine action .
in moments of crisis the strangest reflexes [find out] action .

The case law subsequent to Ridge v. Baldwin has used a variety of criteria to determine whether natural justice should be applied .
the case law subsequent to ridge v. baldwin has used a variety of criteria to [find out] whether natural justice should be applied .

On this view the courts would determine what adjudicative procedures are required in particular areas .
on this view the courts would [find out] what adjudicative procedures are required in particular areas .

How far is the decision-maker allowed to determine a matter without a hearing ?
how far is the decision-maker allowed to [find out] a matter without a hearing ?

Secondly , continuing analysis is required to determine whether the content of the rules in general , and their application to particular areas , is being pitched at the ‘ right ’ level .
secondly , continuing analysis is required to [find out] whether the content of the rules in general , and their application to particular areas , is being pitched at the ‘ right ’ level .

The problem is that this line is impossible to draw with any certainty or accuracy , because the definition of kind or type is inevitably comprised of descriptions within the statute of the situation which the tribunal has to determine .
the problem is that this line is impossible to draw with any certainty or accuracy , because the definition of kind or type is inevitably comprised of descriptions within the statute of the situation which the tribunal has to [find out] .

If one was asked to produce a summary of the kind of case into which the tribunal was intended to inquire one would do so by looking at the situations which the tribunal has to determine which are mentioned in the statute .
if one was asked to produce a summary of the kind of case into which the tribunal was intended to inquire one would do so by looking at the situations which the tribunal has to [find out] which are mentioned in the statute .

It is impossible by juxtaposing the legislative instruments in these cases to determine why one case should fall within one category rather than the other .
it is impossible by juxtaposing the legislative instruments in these cases to [find out] why one case should fall within one category rather than the other .

The nature of matters which would be characterised as collateral or preliminary was still difficult to determine and it was admitted that there could be errors of law within jurisdiction which , if they appeared on the face of the record , would be quashed .
the nature of matters which would be characterised as collateral or preliminary was still difficult to [find out] and it was admitted that there could be errors of law within jurisdiction which , if they appeared on the face of the record , would be quashed .

It is for the court to determine the true construction of a statute delineating that area .
it is for the court to [find out] the true construction of a statute delineating that area .

What we are , however , concerned with now is the standard of review which should apply to determine whether the meaning of that term is satisfied by the evidence before the decision-maker . Given a certain meaning which the courts have ascribed to the term employee , how closely should they supervise the application of that term to the facts of a particular case ?
what we are , however , concerned with now is the standard of review which should apply to [find out] whether the meaning of that term is satisfied by the evidence before the decision-maker . given a certain meaning which the courts have ascribed to the term employee , how closely should they supervise the application of that term to the facts of a particular case ?

The difficulty of distinguishing between the kind of case which a tribunal has to determine and the statutory description of the situation which the tribunal must decide is the root cause of the problem .
the difficulty of distinguishing between the kind of case which a tribunal has to [find out] and the statutory description of the situation which the tribunal must decide is the root cause of the problem .

It is only by examining particular cases closely that we can determine whether this has occurred .
it is only by examining particular cases closely that we can [find out] whether this has occurred .

Given that ratepayers are , as their Lordships admitted , only one part of those to whom the local authority owes duties , how does one determine where the correct balance lies between their interests and those of other sections of local society ?
given that ratepayers are , as their lordships admitted , only one part of those to whom the local authority owes duties , how does one [find out] where the correct balance lies between their interests and those of other sections of local society ?

First , illegality in Lord Diplock 's sense makes the process of statutory construction to determine the scope of discretionary power appear ‘ objective ’ or ‘ self-executing ’ in a way which it manifestly is not .
first , illegality in lord diplock 's sense makes the process of statutory construction to [find out] the scope of discretionary power appear ‘ objective ’ or ‘ self-executing ’ in a way which it manifestly is not .

What we have described in this chapter are the key variables that determine the relative effectiveness of groups in achieving their goals and satisfying the needs of their members .
what we have described in this chapter are the key variables that [find out] the relative effectiveness of groups in achieving their goals and satisfying the needs of their members .

determine progress towards the achievement of short-term plans ,
[find out] progress towards the achievement of short-term plans ,

Naturally , the particular group of values which are held will determine whether the organization will have a marketing department at all , and , if it does have one , what kind of department it will be .
naturally , the particular group of values which are held will [find out] whether the organization will have a marketing department at all , and , if it does have one , what kind of department it will be .

One of the major problems associated with batch production is to determine the optimum size of batches , particularly where a generalised , rather than specific , demand for a product exists .
one of the major problems associated with batch production is to [find out] the optimum size of batches , particularly where a generalised , rather than specific , demand for a product exists .

Although it is clear that mountainous areas with few nearby notable pollution sources are receiving their pollution burden from regions or countries several hundreds or thousands of kilometres distant , it is difficult to determine precisely from which source or sources the pollution originated .
although it is clear that mountainous areas with few nearby notable pollution sources are receiving their pollution burden from regions or countries several hundreds or thousands of kilometres distant , it is difficult to [find out] precisely from which source or sources the pollution originated .

Atmospheric scientists expended considerable effort from the early 1980s in trying to determine whether global warming due to the enhanced greenhouse effect was affecting global temperature already .
atmospheric scientists expended considerable effort from the early 1980s in trying to [find out] whether global warming due to the enhanced greenhouse effect was affecting global temperature already .

Kneese ( 1984 ) describes a methodology being developed to determine how much people are willing to spend to preserve good visibility conditions in national park areas .
kneese ( 1984 ) describes a methodology being developed to [find out] how much people are willing to spend to preserve good visibility conditions in national park areas .

Facts are events which are both authentic and significant ; in most cases we trust judges and juries , or less formal bodies , to determine them , but in complex cases it requires judgement and is by no means obvious .
facts are events which are both authentic and significant ; in most cases we trust judges and juries , or less formal bodies , to [find out] them , but in complex cases it requires judgement and is by no means obvious .

His associate Auguste Laurent- and both of them were kept on the fringe of the French scientific establishment — was more hopeful : he believed that it was possible to determine formulae and structures , but not inductively as chemists had so far tried to do .
his associate auguste laurent- and both of them were kept on the fringe of the french scientific establishment — was more hopeful : he believed that it was possible to [find out] formulae and structures , but not inductively as chemists had so far tried to do .

Because different communities have different needs , the system of government needs to be flexible ; local government allegedly provides this by enabling local councillors , drawn from and accountable to the local electorate , to determine local priorities .
because different communities have different needs , the system of government needs to be flexible ; local government allegedly provides this by enabling local councillors , drawn from and accountable to the local electorate , to [find out] local priorities .

In recent years , moreover , a growing proportion of total grant has been contributed by specific grants ( 17.6 per cent in England , 1981 /2 ; 25.6 per cent in 1987/8 ) , which — being tied , unlike block grant , to specific services — leave authorities with less discretion to determine spending priorities .
in recent years , moreover , a growing proportion of total grant has been contributed by specific grants ( 17.6 per cent in england , 1981 /2 ; 25.6 per cent in 1987/8 ) , which — being tied , unlike block grant , to specific services — leave authorities with less discretion to [find out] spending priorities .

Nevertheless , even given the increasing constraints imposed by the centre upon local authorities ( see Chapter 10 ) it is still important to recognize that the centre only narrows the scope of decision-making — it does not determine it .
nevertheless , even given the increasing constraints imposed by the centre upon local authorities ( see chapter 10 ) it is still important to recognize that the centre only narrows the scope of decision-making — it does not [find out] it .

While the Thatcher government has had a major policy aim of controlling public expenditure and has used the block-grant regime and rate-capping to that end , centrally imposed financial controls not only infringe the rights of elected councillors to determine local spending needs and priorities but also undermine accountability to local ratepayers .
while the thatcher government has had a major policy aim of controlling public expenditure and has used the block-grant regime and rate-capping to that end , centrally imposed financial controls not only infringe the rights of elected councillors to [find out] local spending needs and priorities but also undermine accountability to local ratepayers .

The precise way in which many quangos are controlled is difficult to determine .
the precise way in which many quangos are controlled is difficult to [find out] .

instrumental explanations contend that the economic base ( the mode of production and who owns it ) will determine the political superstructure ( governmental and social institutions ) of that society .
instrumental explanations contend that the economic base ( the mode of production and who owns it ) will [find out] the political superstructure ( governmental and social institutions ) of that society .

While in the long run the requirements of capitalism determine the actions and the role of the state , the form of the state has varied across countries and over time .
while in the long run the requirements of capitalism [find out] the actions and the role of the state , the form of the state has varied across countries and over time .

This division enunciated in 1897 stayed with Pareto in a variety of forms for the rest of his work , and is the source of his later arguments about the importance of ‘ residues ’ , the common basic sentiments which determine human conduct and which are the basic unit of analysis .
this division enunciated in 1897 stayed with pareto in a variety of forms for the rest of his work , and is the source of his later arguments about the importance of ‘ residues ’ , the common basic sentiments which [find out] human conduct and which are the basic unit of analysis .

Marxist approaches argue that economic relations more or less determine who has political power and how this political power is exercised , with power being concentrated in the hands of the bourgeoisie .
marxist approaches argue that economic relations more or less [find out] who has political power and how this political power is exercised , with power being concentrated in the hands of the bourgeoisie .

Indeed , it is very difficult to determine goals and preferences at all .
indeed , it is very difficult to [find out] goals and preferences at all .

There is a recognition in pluralist studies that the goals and objectives of individuals are hard to determine with any degree of precision .
there is a recognition in pluralist studies that the goals and objectives of individuals are hard to [find out] with any degree of precision .

The evidence provided shows that the military are able to influence thought and action and determine what is the national interest and what is not .
the evidence provided shows that the military are able to influence thought and action and [find out] what is the national interest and what is not .

In species such as swans and geese , which lay large clutches of eggs soon after arrival , the reserve on landing may indeed determine breeding success for the year .
in species such as swans and geese , which lay large clutches of eggs soon after arrival , the reserve on landing may indeed [find out] breeding success for the year .

There are three separate but interacting processes which determine how much we pay for welfare from the public purse .
there are three separate but interacting processes which [find out] how much we pay for welfare from the public purse .

Expenditure figures can be related more readily to the revenue projection , so that ‘ finance [ can ] determine expenditure and not expenditure finance ’ .
expenditure figures can be related more readily to the revenue projection , so that ‘ finance [ can ] [find out] expenditure and not expenditure finance ’ .

Central government has a duty to contain local public expenditure and to determine what are the limits to any individual council 's spending .
central government has a duty to contain local public expenditure and to [find out] what are the limits to any individual council 's spending .

Since local councils borrowed to finance virtually all their capital expenditure , permission to borrow was used by central departments to set the total capital spending limits for local authorities , determine national service priorities for capital spending , and set common design standards and cost yardsticks which ensured a tight degree of economy in capital projects .
since local councils borrowed to finance virtually all their capital expenditure , permission to borrow was used by central departments to set the total capital spending limits for local authorities , [find out] national service priorities for capital spending , and set common design standards and cost yardsticks which ensured a tight degree of economy in capital projects .

Officers , in both Conservative and Labour areas , became more dependent on radical local politicians to determine spending strategies and whether to cut or to devise ways of outwitting central government controls .
officers , in both conservative and labour areas , became more dependent on radical local politicians to [find out] spending strategies and whether to cut or to devise ways of outwitting central government controls .

The theories show that the incidence question is complex , and that precise calculations of who pays and who benefits are very difficult to determine .
the theories show that the incidence question is complex , and that precise calculations of who pays and who benefits are very difficult to [find out] .

The mass picket helped justify such subsequent developments as more mobile squads of police , greater mutual aid between forces and the introduction of the Employment Act 1980 which outlawed secondary picketing and allowed the police to determine the maximum size of the picket .
the mass picket helped justify such subsequent developments as more mobile squads of police , greater mutual aid between forces and the introduction of the employment act 1980 which outlawed secondary picketing and allowed the police to [find out] the maximum size of the picket .

According to Grant and Wallace , this technicality helps determine whether strikes turn violent .
according to grant and wallace , this technicality helps [find out] whether strikes turn violent .

This is because those involved tend to be aware of the unwritten set of rules which determine when it is legitimate to attack and when to desist .
this is because those involved tend to be aware of the unwritten set of rules which [find out] when it is legitimate to attack and when to desist .

She/he may direct a chief officer to provide mutual aid to another force and , in the event of any disagreement , determine the relative allocation of costs between an aided and aiding authority .
she/he may direct a chief officer to provide mutual aid to another force and , in the event of any disagreement , [find out] the relative allocation of costs between an aided and aiding authority .

When a storm of rare violence blew up the mariners , being superstitious folk , cast lots to determine which of those on board was the cause of the evil , and the short straw , broken domino or queen of spades was drawn by Jonah .
when a storm of rare violence blew up the mariners , being superstitious folk , cast lots to [find out] which of those on board was the cause of the evil , and the short straw , broken domino or queen of spades was drawn by jonah .

The metaphoric proliferation accompanying psychological fragmentation is combated by the repeated invocation of analytic apparatuses that would determine the ontological status of objects perceived and events experienced , but the result is a garbled composite of philosophical jargon :
the metaphoric proliferation accompanying psychological fragmentation is combated by the repeated invocation of analytic apparatuses that would [find out] the ontological status of objects perceived and events experienced , but the result is a garbled composite of philosophical jargon :

Between demonstrates how a multiplicity of different discursive systems intertwine to form the substrata of an individual mind which plays them off against each other , combines them and uses them to generate the repertory of stories that determine how she ‘ reads ’ the world in which she lives .
between demonstrates how a multiplicity of different discursive systems intertwine to form the substrata of an individual mind which plays them off against each other , combines them and uses them to generate the repertory of stories that [find out] how she ‘ reads ’ the world in which she lives .

As Foucault and others have demonstrated , the interpretation of information in contemporary society follows a set of discursive criteria which determine what is classified as objectively true and what is seen as subjective opinion or fiction .
as foucault and others have demonstrated , the interpretation of information in contemporary society follows a set of discursive criteria which [find out] what is classified as objectively true and what is seen as subjective opinion or fiction .

Just as the ‘ Verbivore ’ phenomenon is caused through a flattening or levelling of the modulations of air waves , so the hierarchy of narrative levels is ‘ flattened ’ such that it becomes impossible in any given instance to determine whose account we are reading or whose mind we are supposedly ‘ inside ’ .
just as the ‘ verbivore ’ phenomenon is caused through a flattening or levelling of the modulations of air waves , so the hierarchy of narrative levels is ‘ flattened ’ such that it becomes impossible in any given instance to [find out] whose account we are reading or whose mind we are supposedly ‘ inside ’ .

The length of time it has been operation will determine how much money she gets back , but it is unlikely to have made much of a profit , because endowments are designed to make money over a long period of time .
the length of time it has been operation will [find out] how much money she gets back , but it is unlikely to have made much of a profit , because endowments are designed to make money over a long period of time .

You will be given a routine ultrasound scan at 16 and 32 weeks to determine the exact age of the fetus , the presence of twins , etc .
you will be given a routine ultrasound scan at 16 and 32 weeks to [find out] the exact age of the fetus , the presence of twins , etc .

analysis of the replies to mailshots , to determine which factors are significant in a positive outcome
analysis of the replies to mailshots , to [find out] which factors are significant in a positive outcome

The case ‘ will determine whether a seventh of British waterways … ( among the navigable rivers ) … will remain open … access to rivers that have been used for thousands of years could become open to challenge ’ .
the case ‘ will [find out] whether a seventh of british waterways … ( among the navigable rivers ) … will remain open … access to rivers that have been used for thousands of years could become open to challenge ’ .

Using the whole range of known characteristics involved in calculating the Graydon credit rating , a scoring system was developed that could accurately determine total sales ledger risk .
using the whole range of known characteristics involved in calculating the graydon credit rating , a scoring system was developed that could accurately [find out] total sales ledger risk .

The capitalisation of the company and the extent of its reinsurance arrangements are the basic ingredients which determine the level of business and underwriting commitments which it can undertake .
the capitalisation of the company and the extent of its reinsurance arrangements are the basic ingredients which [find out] the level of business and underwriting commitments which it can undertake .

Together , intrinsic and extrinsic ageing will determine apparent age .
together , intrinsic and extrinsic ageing will [find out] apparent age .

Between 1981 and 1988 , over 1,000 people took part in a Body Age Study in which a principal objective was to determine the degree of difference between people 's chronological and biological ages .
between 1981 and 1988 , over 1,000 people took part in a body age study in which a principal objective was to [find out] the degree of difference between people 's chronological and biological ages .

‘ With respect , ’ said Earl Robert , standing courteously aloof , and in the mildest and most reasonable of voices , ‘ how should we determine who should be first to try the fates ? Is there some rule we ought to follow ? ’
‘ with respect , ’ said earl robert , standing courteously aloof , and in the mildest and most reasonable of voices , ‘ how should we [find out] who should be first to try the fates ? is there some rule we ought to follow ? ’

He had neither glanced down nor passed a fingertip over the edges of the leaves , to determine how far advanced in the book his page might be .
he had neither glanced down nor passed a fingertip over the edges of the leaves , to [find out] how far advanced in the book his page might be .

Second language learning : — an examination of current language teaching procedures ; some linguistic , social and psychological features which determine second language learning ; an enquiry into the socio-linguistic consequences of languages in contact ; aspects of bilingual behaviour .
second language learning : — an examination of current language teaching procedures ; some linguistic , social and psychological features which [find out] second language learning ; an enquiry into the socio-linguistic consequences of languages in contact ; aspects of bilingual behaviour .

practical and financial constraints . These will often determine the length of the course and the number of participants
practical and financial constraints . these will often [find out] the length of the course and the number of participants

The history of these various expansions has occasionally been recorded , none showing better than that by Harloe ( 1975 ) , in his study of Swindon , how local personalities ( in that case , Murray John , the dynamic Town Clerk ) could do so much to determine particular courses of action .
the history of these various expansions has occasionally been recorded , none showing better than that by harloe ( 1975 ) , in his study of swindon , how local personalities ( in that case , murray john , the dynamic town clerk ) could do so much to [find out] particular courses of action .

It might not matter in the end — Forester fully expected to be traced and caught-but every difficulty and delay that he could strew behind him could make a final difference of hours or even minutes that might determine the distinction between success or failure .
it might not matter in the end — forester fully expected to be traced and caught-but every difficulty and delay that he could strew behind him could make a final difference of hours or even minutes that might [find out] the distinction between success or failure .

From this point onwards historians have tended to lose interest in the debates over classification , assuming that they were increasingly concerned not with the principle of how to determine relationships , but with disagreements over practical applications of the technique .
from this point onwards historians have tended to lose interest in the debates over classification , assuming that they were increasingly concerned not with the principle of how to [find out] relationships , but with disagreements over practical applications of the technique .

The theory of natural selection conveys an image of Nature in which complex and unpredictable interactions determine the life and death of both individuals and species .
the theory of natural selection conveys an image of nature in which complex and unpredictable interactions [find out] the life and death of both individuals and species .

He suggested that ‘ it is quite credible that the presence of a feline animal in large numbers in a district might determine through the intervention first of mice and then of bees , the frequency of certain flowers in that district !
he suggested that ‘ it is quite credible that the presence of a feline animal in large numbers in a district might [find out] through the intervention first of mice and then of bees , the frequency of certain flowers in that district !

Oscar Drude ( 1852–1933 ) of the Dresden botanical gardens published a plant geography of Germany in 1896 , which sought to illustrate how local factors such as hills and rivers combined with the overall climate of a region to determine the actual distribution of plants .
oscar drude ( 1852–1933 ) of the dresden botanical gardens published a plant geography of germany in 1896 , which sought to illustrate how local factors such as hills and rivers combined with the overall climate of a region to [find out] the actual distribution of plants .

Quadrats of a large scale had been used before to determine the precise range of various species , but Clements and Pound marked off small areas , often only a metre square , so that every plant of every species could be identified .
quadrats of a large scale had been used before to [find out] the precise range of various species , but clements and pound marked off small areas , often only a metre square , so that every plant of every species could be identified .

It would be necessary for the fire fighters , under conditions of very limited visibility to be able to determine which particular zones of a sprinkler system were in operation and to be reliably informed if further zones wee subsequently triggered .
it would be necessary for the fire fighters , under conditions of very limited visibility to be able to [find out] which particular zones of a sprinkler system were in operation and to be reliably informed if further zones wee subsequently triggered .

Thus each storage should be considered on its merits before a decision on the type of system is taken , to determine which system proves most cost-effective in meeting the requirements of the problem .
thus each storage should be considered on its merits before a decision on the type of system is taken , to [find out] which system proves most cost-effective in meeting the requirements of the problem .

Designers should check locally to determine whether the Local Act is still operative in the area proposed for building a high- bay warehouse .
designers should check locally to [find out] whether the local act is still operative in the area proposed for building a high- bay warehouse .

Particularly in the sciences , time presses heavily as research teams around the world struggle to be first to the finish , and then engage in priority disputes to determine just who was successful .
particularly in the sciences , time presses heavily as research teams around the world struggle to be first to the finish , and then engage in priority disputes to [find out] just who was successful .

Among positive rights , we should include the rights : to have all one 's experience and knowledge assessed in the admissions process ; to determine the subjects studied ; to have a legitimate measure of control over the pace and the methods of study ; to be able to follow a particular academic interest , or develop a point of view of one 's own ; to be examined in ways which do justice to the student 's achievements ; and to be credited with those parts of a course which have been passed successfully ( should the student wish or need to move to another institution , or to take a break in the programme of study ) .
among positive rights , we should include the rights : to have all one 's experience and knowledge assessed in the admissions process ; to [find out] the subjects studied ; to have a legitimate measure of control over the pace and the methods of study ; to be able to follow a particular academic interest , or develop a point of view of one 's own ; to be examined in ways which do justice to the student 's achievements ; and to be credited with those parts of a course which have been passed successfully ( should the student wish or need to move to another institution , or to take a break in the programme of study ) .

The documents that they want to produce will , therefore , determine the software that they will select ; most people , for example , would choose Ventura if they are after long , regularly structured documents as opposed to PageMaker with the reverse being true for free-form material .
the documents that they want to produce will , therefore , [find out] the software that they will select ; most people , for example , would choose ventura if they are after long , regularly structured documents as opposed to pagemaker with the reverse being true for free-form material .

The choice of package , in turn , will determine what hardware platform is going to be most appropriate .
the choice of package , in turn , will [find out] what hardware platform is going to be most appropriate .

the expected performance levels ( the expected results ) of the subordinate should be clearly specified ( ie determine the required results ) . These should be fully understood and accepted by the subordinate ; tasks should be assigned to the subordinate who should agree to do them ;
the expected performance levels ( the expected results ) of the subordinate should be clearly specified ( ie [find out] the required results ) . these should be fully understood and accepted by the subordinate ; tasks should be assigned to the subordinate who should agree to do them ;

The analysis will help the management organiser to determine which managers should make the decisions , and who else should be informed .
the analysis will help the management organiser to [find out] which managers should make the decisions , and who else should be informed .

Membership is gained consciously or unconsciously and it is often difficult to determine the time when a person becomes a member .
membership is gained consciously or unconsciously and it is often difficult to [find out] the time when a person becomes a member .

The culture and personal of the organisation — ie. the skill , knowledge and attitudes of subordinates , and the philosophy and psychological security of superiors , will help to determine how much delegation will be desired by the subordinates , and how far superiors will feel that they can trust the people below them .
the culture and personal of the organisation — ie. the skill , knowledge and attitudes of subordinates , and the philosophy and psychological security of superiors , will help to [find out] how much delegation will be desired by the subordinates , and how far superiors will feel that they can trust the people below them .

It has been suggested that the technology of an organisation will help to determine its structure , and also the degree of centralisation of authority .
it has been suggested that the technology of an organisation will help to [find out] its structure , and also the degree of centralisation of authority .

the responsibilities and diversity of work done by superiors and subordinates . This will determine the amount of delegation that is possible , the amount of control required , the suitability of team working etc ;
the responsibilities and diversity of work done by superiors and subordinates . this will [find out] the amount of delegation that is possible , the amount of control required , the suitability of team working etc ;

The contingency approach suggests that the factors which help to determine the optimal structure in any particular situation include :
the contingency approach suggests that the factors which help to [find out] the optimal structure in any particular situation include :

The factors which help to determine , in any situation , what the predominant culture and therefore organisation structure will/should include :
the factors which help to [find out] , in any situation , what the predominant culture and therefore organisation structure will/should include :

The husbandman 's argument appears to have been this : he could easily determine by the above methods whether the seed-bed was ready for the corn and whether the soil was of the right tilth : but be could not be sure that the soil was warm enough to allow the seed to germinate .
the husbandman 's argument appears to have been this : he could easily [find out] by the above methods whether the seed-bed was ready for the corn and whether the soil was of the right tilth : but be could not be sure that the soil was warm enough to allow the seed to germinate .

vi of the Journal of the Royal Agricultural Society of England the results of a successful experiment in cultivating swedes to determine what would happen when the essential constituents of a plant were supplied to ‘ barren ’ land .
vi of the journal of the royal agricultural society of england the results of a successful experiment in cultivating swedes to [find out] what would happen when the essential constituents of a plant were supplied to ‘ barren ’ land .

Whether his survival was that of a cynical trimmer or one who had a paramount belief in the idea of the royal supremacy is impossible to determine , but he can not have been a good parochial pastor because of his persistent plurality .
whether his survival was that of a cynical trimmer or one who had a paramount belief in the idea of the royal supremacy is impossible to [find out] , but he can not have been a good parochial pastor because of his persistent plurality .

Culpeper was famous for his optical instruments , especially microscopes , but also known for a wide variety of mathematical instruments in silver , brass , ivory , and wood , although it is difficult to determine at what point he moved from being a maker to a retailer .
culpeper was famous for his optical instruments , especially microscopes , but also known for a wide variety of mathematical instruments in silver , brass , ivory , and wood , although it is difficult to [find out] at what point he moved from being a maker to a retailer .

This claim to a Scottish title and lands did as much as royal favour to determine the course of his career .
this claim to a scottish title and lands did as much as royal favour to [find out] the course of his career .

In the words of his 1906 paper , ‘ the seismograph enables us to see into the earth and to determine its nature … as if we could drive a tunnel through it .
in the words of his 1906 paper , ‘ the seismograph enables us to see into the earth and to [find out] its nature … as if we could drive a tunnel through it .

At the beginning of the 1980s a group of community activists , trade unionists , community educators , peace workers and feminists met and agreed that what was needed was a reappraisal of previous efforts in the field , a conscious effort to determine their own social and political position and to choose an educational model or approach which reflected the latter .
at the beginning of the 1980s a group of community activists , trade unionists , community educators , peace workers and feminists met and agreed that what was needed was a reappraisal of previous efforts in the field , a conscious effort to [find out] their own social and political position and to choose an educational model or approach which reflected the latter .

Nevertheless the matter is not entirely theoretical , for in a number of cases the courts have been faced with the need to analyse the juridical nature of a shareholder 's interest in order to determine the principles on which it should be valued .
nevertheless the matter is not entirely theoretical , for in a number of cases the courts have been faced with the need to analyse the juridical nature of a shareholder 's interest in order to [find out] the principles on which it should be valued .

And interrogatories may be administered to determine on which of certain prescribed grounds the directors have acted , but not as to their reasons for rejecting on these grounds , and not if the articles provide , as they often do , that they shall not be bound to state their reasons .
and interrogatories may be administered to [find out] on which of certain prescribed grounds the directors have acted , but not as to their reasons for rejecting on these grounds , and not if the articles provide , as they often do , that they shall not be bound to state their reasons .

In the case of an off-market transaction it may be of importance to determine the precise legal position of the transferor and transferee pending registration of the transfer which , if there are restrictions on transferability may never occur .
in the case of an off-market transaction it may be of importance to [find out] the precise legal position of the transferor and transferee pending registration of the transfer which , if there are restrictions on transferability may never occur .

( i ) Preferential creditors As a matter of policy , insolvency law has to determine ( a ) what constitutes insolvency proceedings and ( b ) whether any particular class of creditors should be given protection in the insolvency of a company and accorded a statutory preference over some or all of the company 's creditors .
( i ) preferential creditors as a matter of policy , insolvency law has to [find out] ( a ) what constitutes insolvency proceedings and ( b ) whether any particular class of creditors should be given protection in the insolvency of a company and accorded a statutory preference over some or all of the company 's creditors .

And since these costs can be substantial , it is important to determine what constitutes the company 's assets out of which such costs can be paid .
and since these costs can be substantial , it is important to [find out] what constitutes the company 's assets out of which such costs can be paid .

In addition , a purchaser from the chargee is not concerned to determine whether the charge has become void .
in addition , a purchaser from the chargee is not concerned to [find out] whether the charge has become void .

the date of its incorporation ) and ends on the last day of the reference period and that subsequent financial years begin with the day immediately following the end of the previous financial year and end with the last day of its next accounting reference period ‘ or on such other date not more than seven days before or after the end of that period as the directors may determine .
the date of its incorporation ) and ends on the last day of the reference period and that subsequent financial years begin with the day immediately following the end of the previous financial year and end with the last day of its next accounting reference period ‘ or on such other date not more than seven days before or after the end of that period as the directors may [find out] .

First , prior analysis facilitates current analysis by reducing the amount of processing needing to be done in order to determine the literal meaning of a clause or sentence .
first , prior analysis facilitates current analysis by reducing the amount of processing needing to be done in order to [find out] the literal meaning of a clause or sentence .

In a later experiment , Dooling and Mullett ( 1973 ) attempted to determine the locus of the thematic title effect .
in a later experiment , dooling and mullett ( 1973 ) attempted to [find out] the locus of the thematic title effect .

We described Garrett 's ideas about the various processes required for the production of spoken sentences , and the various factors ( discourse theme , animacy , lexical accessibility ) which determine the choice a speaker makes between different sentences expressing the same meaning — passives versus actives , for example .
we described garrett 's ideas about the various processes required for the production of spoken sentences , and the various factors ( discourse theme , animacy , lexical accessibility ) which [find out] the choice a speaker makes between different sentences expressing the same meaning — passives versus actives , for example .

The positioning of the stones will determine the type of fall .
the positioning of the stones will [find out] the type of fall .

The accounting policy makers who determine them
the accounting policy makers who [find out] them

Budgets determine how much tax is collected .
budgets [find out] how much tax is collected .

In this case , it would seem natural to establish an accounting system that records the annual debts ( principal and interest ) , in which each year 's debt charges signal the property tax rate ( having taken account of rateable value ) and which subsequently accounts for the actual expenditure and actual revenues ( to determine whether next year 's taxes need adjusting ) .
in this case , it would seem natural to establish an accounting system that records the annual debts ( principal and interest ) , in which each year 's debt charges signal the property tax rate ( having taken account of rateable value ) and which subsequently accounts for the actual expenditure and actual revenues ( to [find out] whether next year 's taxes need adjusting ) .

In his attempt to determine whether the methods and concepts of ecology and physical geography can contribute effectively to analysis of urban issues in the context of the city as an integrated open system of living things interacting with their physical environment , Douglas ( 1981 ) argues that an attempt must be made to link the city as a habitat or an ecosystem with the city as a social system and he develops an ecosystem approach to the study of cities .
in his attempt to [find out] whether the methods and concepts of ecology and physical geography can contribute effectively to analysis of urban issues in the context of the city as an integrated open system of living things interacting with their physical environment , douglas ( 1981 ) argues that an attempt must be made to link the city as a habitat or an ecosystem with the city as a social system and he develops an ecosystem approach to the study of cities .

Cooke noted how many of the examples were rather parochial in being drawn largely from drainage basin , slope and channel studies in geomorphology and hydrology and to a lesser extent from atmospheric research , so that the reader was left to determine how systems related to the biosphere and to the pedosphere . However in an assessment of the approach in 1971 Cooke ( 1971 , p. 214 ) concluded :
cooke noted how many of the examples were rather parochial in being drawn largely from drainage basin , slope and channel studies in geomorphology and hydrology and to a lesser extent from atmospheric research , so that the reader was left to [find out] how systems related to the biosphere and to the pedosphere . however in an assessment of the approach in 1971 cooke ( 1971 , p. 214 ) concluded :

It was primarily concerned with the control mechanisms in systems and with communication processes which determine their successful operation , and part of its mathematical basis is found in information theory ( Holt-Jensen , 1981 ) .
it was primarily concerned with the control mechanisms in systems and with communication processes which [find out] their successful operation , and part of its mathematical basis is found in information theory ( holt-jensen , 1981 ) .

Several of them had already been contained in a draft proposal in 1957 on the principles to determine Great Power conduct on questions of peace and security in the Near and Middle East .
several of them had already been contained in a draft proposal in 1957 on the principles to [find out] great power conduct on questions of peace and security in the near and middle east .

These circumstances are not comparable to those which determine the Soviet outlook on Asia in the mid 1980s .
these circumstances are not comparable to those which [find out] the soviet outlook on asia in the mid 1980s .

It was not paralleled by any externally influenced recomposition of the political forces in Finland , and in the Afghan case it is precisely the issue of the internal composition of the Afghan regime which will determine whether Afghanistan will eventually embark on a more truly non-aligned path .
it was not paralleled by any externally influenced recomposition of the political forces in finland , and in the afghan case it is precisely the issue of the internal composition of the afghan regime which will [find out] whether afghanistan will eventually embark on a more truly non-aligned path .

Questions of balance also determine that more woodwind shall double the top line ( a ) than ( b ) and ( c ) in this case .
questions of balance also [find out] that more woodwind shall double the top line ( a ) than ( b ) and ( c ) in this case .

The student must develop his orchestral sense and instinct to enable him to determine what combination is most suitable to the matter in hand .
the student must develop his orchestral sense and instinct to enable him to [find out] what combination is most suitable to the matter in hand .

Virtually , then , they determine the direction of saltation .
virtually , then , they [find out] the direction of saltation .

Although the height of terraces can be estimated by eye by an experienced observer in closely mapped country to a sufficient degree of accuracy , it is safer to determine the heights instrumentally .
although the height of terraces can be estimated by eye by an experienced observer in closely mapped country to a sufficient degree of accuracy , it is safer to [find out] the heights instrumentally .

However , as terraces are usually degraded and as it is usually extremely difficult to determine their precise limits , a degree of accuracy lower than that required for the long profiles of streams is permissible .
however , as terraces are usually degraded and as it is usually extremely difficult to [find out] their precise limits , a degree of accuracy lower than that required for the long profiles of streams is permissible .

In fact , it would be much better to try to determine by objective , and preferably quantitative description whether distinct and separable groups of landforms exist and then to proceed to define any such in climatic terms .
in fact , it would be much better to try to [find out] by objective , and preferably quantitative description whether distinct and separable groups of landforms exist and then to proceed to define any such in climatic terms .

The great difficulty is that it is impossible in many cases to determine whether erosion of the type required for the production of the landforms continues , as the period of observation available to any one person is too short .
the great difficulty is that it is impossible in many cases to [find out] whether erosion of the type required for the production of the landforms continues , as the period of observation available to any one person is too short .

We have seen how the control of resources , particularly scarce ones , within society will determine who has power .
we have seen how the control of resources , particularly scarce ones , within society will [find out] who has power .

This view , though , has implications for the public sector where convention has it that it is the role of the politicians and not the officials to determine goals and take responsibility .
this view , though , has implications for the public sector where convention has it that it is the role of the politicians and not the officials to [find out] goals and take responsibility .

To determine motivation we need to break the model down into two components :
to [find out] motivation we need to break the model down into two components :

For example , local government depends on Parliament and government to determine the financial framework .
for example , local government depends on parliament and government to [find out] the financial framework .

We may conclude that rhythmic shapes determine melodies more than do pitch patterns .
we may conclude that rhythmic shapes [find out] melodies more than do pitch patterns .

These considerations should be borne in mind , as they can determine the ultimate destiny of our music .
these considerations should be borne in mind , as they can [find out] the ultimate destiny of our music .

The basic purpose of the ranking is to equalize the workload among tutors and to determine which one of them will make a decision on each applicant .
the basic purpose of the ranking is to equalize the workload among tutors and to [find out] which one of them will make a decision on each applicant .

The relatively continuous use of standard system outputs to determine the necessity for corrective action .
the relatively continuous use of standard system outputs to [find out] the necessity for corrective action .

This recommendation , which has not been implemented , appears to accept that legal need can be defined by reference to the existence of a legal problem on which an individual wishes to be advised , albeit that part of the half-hour would be used to examine the case and determine the ‘ need ’ for further advice .
this recommendation , which has not been implemented , appears to accept that legal need can be defined by reference to the existence of a legal problem on which an individual wishes to be advised , albeit that part of the half-hour would be used to examine the case and [find out] the ‘ need ’ for further advice .

The steps are , first , that the judge must decide who should pay costs and on what basis , and , secondly , a ‘ taxing officer ’ must determine exactly what costs are to be paid .
the steps are , first , that the judge must decide who should pay costs and on what basis , and , secondly , a ‘ taxing officer ’ must [find out] exactly what costs are to be paid .

The possibility of funding actions which determine important points of law is particularly interesting , since civil justice has two possibly opposed objectives .
the possibility of funding actions which [find out] important points of law is particularly interesting , since civil justice has two possibly opposed objectives .

The Royal Commission on Legal Services supported the proposals of the Evershed Committee , with the proviso that the judge at trial or on appeal should also be able to determine eligibility in cases where the point at issue does not emerge until later .
the royal commission on legal services supported the proposals of the evershed committee , with the proviso that the judge at trial or on appeal should also be able to [find out] eligibility in cases where the point at issue does not emerge until later .

However , a good deal of discretion is left in the hands of the Area Director to determine the merits of the application , having considered ‘ … all questions of fact or law arising out of the action , cause or matter to which the application relates and the circumstances in which it was made .
however , a good deal of discretion is left in the hands of the area director to [find out] the merits of the application , having considered ‘ … all questions of fact or law arising out of the action , cause or matter to which the application relates and the circumstances in which it was made .

These observations of distance and speed can be coupled with general knowledge of the way a small probe behaves in the gravitational fields of bodies in the Solar System to determine the spacecraft 's position with astonishing accuracy , typically to a few hundred metres at a range of hundreds of millions of kilometres .
these observations of distance and speed can be coupled with general knowledge of the way a small probe behaves in the gravitational fields of bodies in the solar system to [find out] the spacecraft 's position with astonishing accuracy , typically to a few hundred metres at a range of hundreds of millions of kilometres .

It is extremely difficult to determine how Venus , the Earth and Mars acquired their volatiles .
it is extremely difficult to [find out] how venus , the earth and mars acquired their volatiles .

These are called lunar transient events and their very transience makes it hard to determine whether all of them are illusory .
these are called lunar transient events and their very transience makes it hard to [find out] whether all of them are illusory .

However , it is important not to neglect the style and form of the implementation process itself which will impact directly upon those who receive services and will also determine how scarce resources are allocated .
however , it is important not to neglect the style and form of the implementation process itself which will impact directly upon those who receive services and will also [find out] how scarce resources are allocated .

This study provides detail about the impact of this style of service compared with traditional institutional care and the authors note the ‘ importance of combining therapeutic objectives , opportunities created by service design and organisation and the amount of quality of staff performance to determine the outcome of care for people ’ .
this study provides detail about the impact of this style of service compared with traditional institutional care and the authors note the ‘ importance of combining therapeutic objectives , opportunities created by service design and organisation and the amount of quality of staff performance to [find out] the outcome of care for people ’ .

, 1968 ) and a combination of experimental-control group comparison and single-case design methodology to determine clinically significant relationships between client activity and the environment .
, 1968 ) and a combination of experimental-control group comparison and single-case design methodology to [find out] clinically significant relationships between client activity and the environment .

Of particular importance is the need for comprehensive assessment to embody meaningful mechanisms for user and carer participation and empowerment ; to acknowledge not only need and risk but strengths and resources ; to regard the older person as the centre of a network of personal , familial , and social factors which together determine her or his quality of life and level of risk .
of particular importance is the need for comprehensive assessment to embody meaningful mechanisms for user and carer participation and empowerment ; to acknowledge not only need and risk but strengths and resources ; to regard the older person as the centre of a network of personal , familial , and social factors which together [find out] her or his quality of life and level of risk .

Indeed , a comprehensive knowledge base is required not only to evaluate information , but also to determine what information might be important and therefore what areas of enquiry need to be explored .
indeed , a comprehensive knowledge base is required not only to evaluate information , but also to [find out] what information might be important and therefore what areas of enquiry need to be explored .

The factors or aspects of life which determine quality of life and risk will vary between individuals . However , development work with social workers produced an analysis of these concepts which suggested they could both be encompassed for most people by the following factors :
the factors or aspects of life which [find out] quality of life and risk will vary between individuals . however , development work with social workers produced an analysis of these concepts which suggested they could both be encompassed for most people by the following factors :

regard the older person , and carer if appropriate , as being at the centre of a network of personal , familial , and social dimensions which together determine his/her quality of life and level of risk .
regard the older person , and carer if appropriate , as being at the centre of a network of personal , familial , and social dimensions which together [find out] his/her quality of life and level of risk .

The legitimate aim of raising the consciousness and expectations of old women must not be used to deny old women the right to determine their own future and lifestyles ( Hughes and Mtezuka , 1992 , p. 237 ) .
the legitimate aim of raising the consciousness and expectations of old women must not be used to deny old women the right to [find out] their own future and lifestyles ( hughes and mtezuka , 1992 , p. 237 ) .

Peter Bürger ( 1984 , p. 22 ) , in a rather similar vein , has defined the ‘ institution of art ’ in terms of ( 1 ) ‘ the production and distribution apparatus of art ’ and ( 2 ) ‘ the ideas which determine its reception ’ .
peter bürger ( 1984 , p. 22 ) , in a rather similar vein , has defined the ‘ institution of art ’ in terms of ( 1 ) ‘ the production and distribution apparatus of art ’ and ( 2 ) ‘ the ideas which [find out] its reception ’ .

They ( 1 ) determine the habitus and ( 2 ) are the basis of the empirical interactions in the fields .
they ( 1 ) [find out] the habitus and ( 2 ) are the basis of the empirical interactions in the fields .

These strategies and struggles ( and self-reflexivity ) inhere in their structural position in three senses : ( 1 ) their position in the objective relations of the academic or sociological field , ( 2 ) their position and trajectory in the objective relations of the social field , ( 3 ) their position in the struggles between orthodoxy and heterodoxy which determine the output of structure in the academic/sociological field .
these strategies and struggles ( and self-reflexivity ) inhere in their structural position in three senses : ( 1 ) their position in the objective relations of the academic or sociological field , ( 2 ) their position and trajectory in the objective relations of the social field , ( 3 ) their position in the struggles between orthodoxy and heterodoxy which [find out] the output of structure in the academic/sociological field .

to determine whether the Community legislation was redundant .
to [find out] whether the community legislation was redundant .

Furthermore , it might be argued from Case 131/86 United Kingdom v. Council , where the Court looked at the preparatory measures to the legislation in question in order to determine whether it was genuinely intended to be agricultural legislation , that the Court might investigate whether there had been a genuine consideration of the question of subsidiarity .
furthermore , it might be argued from case 131/86 united kingdom v. council , where the court looked at the preparatory measures to the legislation in question in order to [find out] whether it was genuinely intended to be agricultural legislation , that the court might investigate whether there had been a genuine consideration of the question of subsidiarity .

On the basis that even before Pepper v. Hart a wider range of parliamentary material might be judicially considered to determine the mischief , presumably the same range of material may , if it is necessary , be admitted as contextual parliamentary material .
on the basis that even before pepper v. hart a wider range of parliamentary material might be judicially considered to [find out] the mischief , presumably the same range of material may , if it is necessary , be admitted as contextual parliamentary material .

An example of one difficulty will be to determine whether subsequent variations of a statement is of a nature which makes it impossible to characterize the statements as clear in themselves or as clearly demonstrating a parliamentary intention .
an example of one difficulty will be to [find out] whether subsequent variations of a statement is of a nature which makes it impossible to characterize the statements as clear in themselves or as clearly demonstrating a parliamentary intention .

Concern remained at loss of the substantive power to determine the content of specific legislation .
concern remained at loss of the substantive power to [find out] the content of specific legislation .

‘ In order to properly defend our clients , ’ Shaughnessy explained later , ‘ we decided that we should serve subpoenas on a number of Federal agencies in an effort to determine whether the government had any documentation which would either confirm or dispute what Mr Aviv had reported . ’
‘ in order to properly defend our clients , ’ shaughnessy explained later , ‘ we decided that we should serve subpoenas on a number of federal agencies in an effort to [find out] whether the government had any documentation which would either confirm or dispute what mr aviv had reported . ’

This will allow judges to interpret the offence as they best determine .
this will allow judges to interpret the offence as they best [find out] .

’ In Dare it was held that it was for the trier of fact to determine whether an assault was a sexual assault , having regard to all the circumstances involved .
’ in dare it was held that it was for the trier of fact to [find out] whether an assault was a sexual assault , having regard to all the circumstances involved .

We and our advisors are now working with the Department of Trade and Industry and its advisors to determine the optimum way forward .
we and our advisors are now working with the department of trade and industry and its advisors to [find out] the optimum way forward .

Assess the level of management skills amongst specialist and trade contractors in order to determine the Institute 's role in developing these.PS
assess the level of management skills amongst specialist and trade contractors in order to [find out] the institute 's role in developing these.ps

If you deal with a tied agent or direct with an insurance company you can ask how the cover offered meets your requirements , but you will need to shop around to determine the best option for you in terms of cover and price .
if you deal with a tied agent or direct with an insurance company you can ask how the cover offered meets your requirements , but you will need to shop around to [find out] the best option for you in terms of cover and price .

If they do not return to the office or call in as arranged the supervisor should ensure that contact is made with that address to determine if the visit has been made and concluded .
if they do not return to the office or call in as arranged the supervisor should ensure that contact is made with that address to [find out] if the visit has been made and concluded .

The purpose of such investigation will be to determine the precise nature of the incident , to examine the factors contributing to its occurrence and to identify any measures which might be taken to minimise the likelihood of a repetition of this or a similar incident .
the purpose of such investigation will be to [find out] the precise nature of the incident , to examine the factors contributing to its occurrence and to identify any measures which might be taken to minimise the likelihood of a repetition of this or a similar incident .

The committee will determine in the light of all the circumstances whether or not to approve the funding of external legal support .
the committee will [find out] in the light of all the circumstances whether or not to approve the funding of external legal support .

9.2 The Personnel Committee will then determine , in the light of all the circumstances , whether or not to approve an extension of sickness allowance and whether any such extension shall be on the basis of full or half pay .
9.2 the personnel committee will then [find out] , in the light of all the circumstances , whether or not to approve an extension of sickness allowance and whether any such extension shall be on the basis of full or half pay .

In these circumstances the Director of Social Work will submit a report to the Social Work Committee who will determine whether an ex-gratia payment is to be made .
in these circumstances the director of social work will submit a report to the social work committee who will [find out] whether an ex-gratia payment is to be made .

It is not possible to determine from raw data just how many accidents were directly attributable to excessive speed .
it is not possible to [find out] from raw data just how many accidents were directly attributable to excessive speed .

The first Plan identified the need to achieve a long term strategy for speed enforcement and to commission a study to determine such a strategy involving enforcement activities , new technology and publicity .
the first plan identified the need to achieve a long term strategy for speed enforcement and to commission a study to [find out] such a strategy involving enforcement activities , new technology and publicity .

Continue to monitor the performance of engineering solutions to determine their effectiveness and to promote continuing improvements to the pedestrian facilities provided .
continue to monitor the performance of engineering solutions to [find out] their effectiveness and to promote continuing improvements to the pedestrian facilities provided .

Once the information is available , numerical modellers can determine the chemical and physical interactions between drug and target .
once the information is available , numerical modellers can [find out] the chemical and physical interactions between drug and target .

For Williams , the economic self-interests of the strong usually determine history .
for williams , the economic self-interests of the strong usually [find out] history .

Will information which has been used to determine projected levels of natural resource consumption or calculate growth indicators , such as future private car demand , be covered , for instance ?
will information which has been used to [find out] projected levels of natural resource consumption or calculate growth indicators , such as future private car demand , be covered , for instance ?

Strategic Environmental Assessment would not only help reveal the level of sustainable resources ( new and recycled ) , but also determine the priority for their use .
strategic environmental assessment would not only help reveal the level of sustainable resources ( new and recycled ) , but also [find out] the priority for their use .

We recognise that the imposition of such a time limit would have significant resource implications for MPAs in relation to the need to determine the necessary applications .
we recognise that the imposition of such a time limit would have significant resource implications for mpas in relation to the need to [find out] the necessary applications .

However , MPAs should be still be given discretion to determine the exact order of the review in relation to the most serious problems encountered in their areas .
however , mpas should be still be given discretion to [find out] the exact order of the review in relation to the most serious problems encountered in their areas .

Strategic Environmental Assessment would not only help reveal the level of sustainable resources ( new and recycled ) , but also determine the priority for their use .
strategic environmental assessment would not only help reveal the level of sustainable resources ( new and recycled ) , but also [find out] the priority for their use .

Although we can not control some of the key factors which determine our success , neither can we sit by and hope for a turn of fortune .
although we can not control some of the key factors which [find out] our success , neither can we sit by and hope for a turn of fortune .

Even the oilfields which have been discovered and appraised need to be looked at again to determine whether they are still profitable at low oil prices .
even the oilfields which have been discovered and appraised need to be looked at again to [find out] whether they are still profitable at low oil prices .

In partnership with you , our Consultant will help you determine your particular needs , aspirations and priorities .
in partnership with you , our consultant will help you [find out] your particular needs , aspirations and priorities .

The Department of the Environment has agreed to fund a major study into deaths and diseases among marine mammals in the North Sea , in an effort to determine once and for all whether they are linked to pollution .
the department of the environment has agreed to fund a major study into deaths and diseases among marine mammals in the north sea , in an effort to [find out] once and for all whether they are linked to pollution .

The new project aims to rectify these shortcomings , establishing a system for documenting washed-up mammals , assessing the cause of death , and attempting to determine whether polluted waters may be a factor .
the new project aims to rectify these shortcomings , establishing a system for documenting washed-up mammals , assessing the cause of death , and attempting to [find out] whether polluted waters may be a factor .

( 2 ) It is frequently possible to determine how many periodic orbits of what topological type are created or destroyed in each such bifurcation .
( 2 ) it is frequently possible to [find out] how many periodic orbits of what topological type are created or destroyed in each such bifurcation .

No professor may hold any other appointment , except the office of Proctor or of Assessor , whether in the University or not , without leave of the board of the appropriate faculty and of the General Board ; and the General Board shall determine what reduction , if any , shall be made in the professor 's stipend .
no professor may hold any other appointment , except the office of proctor or of assessor , whether in the university or not , without leave of the board of the appropriate faculty and of the general board ; and the general board shall [find out] what reduction , if any , shall be made in the professor 's stipend .

Students shall be admitted to the laboratory or department under the charge of the professor , upon such conditions as Council shall from time to time by decree determine .
students shall be admitted to the laboratory or department under the charge of the professor , upon such conditions as council shall from time to time by decree [find out] .

The General Board shall have power to accept or refuse the application and , if it accepts it , to determine , in consultation with the professor concerned , the number of students whose names may be on the register at any one time and the method of their selection .
the general board shall have power to accept or refuse the application and , if it accepts it , to [find out] , in consultation with the professor concerned , the number of students whose names may be on the register at any one time and the method of their selection .

The corpses of 56 cetaceans washed up on Welsh beaches since 1989 were examined to determine the cause of death .
the corpses of 56 cetaceans washed up on welsh beaches since 1989 were examined to [find out] the cause of death .

Information like that yielded by the travelling iceberg will help scientists to determine whether climate change due to the greenhouse effect is influencing Antarctica 's ice .
information like that yielded by the travelling iceberg will help scientists to [find out] whether climate change due to the greenhouse effect is influencing antarctica 's ice .

5.4 If any of the circumstances specified in clauses 5.1 , 5.2 and 5.3 or if the Tenant fails to comply with [ its ] obligations under clause 6.5 then and in any such case this agreement shall ( save for clauses 3.8 and 5.5 and without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of [ its ] obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement
5.4 if any of the circumstances specified in clauses 5.1 , 5.2 and 5.3 or if the tenant fails to comply with [ its ] obligations under clause 6.5 then and in any such case this agreement shall ( save for clauses 3.8 and 5.5 and without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of [ its ] obligations under this agreement ) immediately [find out] and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement

In the event of substantial damage to or destruction of the Site or the Premises or any part of the Site or the Premises however occasioned either party hereto may determine this agreement forthwith by serving notice to that effect on the other party and in such case this agreement shall ( without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of its obligations under this agreement ) immediately determine and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement and any dispute or difference between the parties as to what constitutes substantial damage or destruction for the purpose of this clause shall be decided by an independent Surveyor who shall act as an expert and who shall be appointed by the President for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors upon the application of either party
in the event of substantial damage to or destruction of the site or the premises or any part of the site or the premises however occasioned either party hereto may [find out] this agreement forthwith by serving notice to that effect on the other party and in such case this agreement shall ( without prejudice to any pre-existing right of action of either party in respect of any breach by the other of its obligations under this agreement ) immediately [find out] and cease to have effect and neither party shall be under any further liability to the other under this agreement and any dispute or difference between the parties as to what constitutes substantial damage or destruction for the purpose of this clause shall be decided by an independent surveyor who shall act as an expert and who shall be appointed by the president for the time being of the royal institution of chartered surveyors upon the application of either party

3.9 References to " the last year of the Term " include the last year of the Term if the Term shall determine otherwise than by effluxion of time and references to " the expiration of the Term " include such other determination of the Term
3.9 references to " the last year of the term " include the last year of the term if the term shall [find out] otherwise than by effluxion of time and references to " the expiration of the term " include such other determination of the term

The tenant may wish to dispense with 7.6.3 , 7.6.4 , 7.6.5 and 7.6.6 and add the following proviso to 7.6.2 : If for any reason the premises and all other relevant parts of the centre sufficient for the Tenant [ or any undertenant ] to carry on its [ or their ] normal trade and business including the means of access to the Premises and all essential services therein and thereto shall not be reinstated in accordance with the provisions of this clause as they were at the date of the relevant destruction or damage by the second anniversary of the date of the destruction or damage the Tenant may thereafter determine the Term by giving not less than one month 's notice to the Landlord and upon expiry of such notice the Term shall cease but without prejudice to the claim of either party for any earlier breach of covenant by the other This will doubtless be resisted by the landlord who will wish to have the unilateral right to terminate .
the tenant may wish to dispense with 7.6.3 , 7.6.4 , 7.6.5 and 7.6.6 and add the following proviso to 7.6.2 : if for any reason the premises and all other relevant parts of the centre sufficient for the tenant [ or any undertenant ] to carry on its [ or their ] normal trade and business including the means of access to the premises and all essential services therein and thereto shall not be reinstated in accordance with the provisions of this clause as they were at the date of the relevant destruction or damage by the second anniversary of the date of the destruction or damage the tenant may thereafter [find out] the term by giving not less than one month 's notice to the landlord and upon expiry of such notice the term shall cease but without prejudice to the claim of either party for any earlier breach of covenant by the other this will doubtless be resisted by the landlord who will wish to have the unilateral right to terminate .

The term is problematic , and to date very little work has been done to determine the means by which it is possible to reach qualitative judgements about dramatic characters .
the term is problematic , and to date very little work has been done to [find out] the means by which it is possible to reach qualitative judgements about dramatic characters .

Even upon a close analysis , it may not be easy to determine whether churning has occurred or not .
even upon a close analysis , it may not be easy to [find out] whether churning has occurred or not .

Under this approach , if a relationship is created by trust deed , contract , or other similar instrument and there is no pre-existing fiduciary relationship between the parties , in order to determine whether the relationship is fiduciary and , if so , the scope of the fiduciary 's duties , it is necessary to have regard to all the terms of the instrument .
under this approach , if a relationship is created by trust deed , contract , or other similar instrument and there is no pre-existing fiduciary relationship between the parties , in order to [find out] whether the relationship is fiduciary and , if so , the scope of the fiduciary 's duties , it is necessary to have regard to all the terms of the instrument .

The court may determine the length of an order pending appeal but it can not exceed the appeal period .
the court may [find out] the length of an order pending appeal but it can not exceed the appeal period .

The need to determine substantive issues without delay must also be taken into account when the court is considering what final order it should make .
the need to [find out] substantive issues without delay must also be taken into account when the court is considering what final order it should make .

Where a child has moved around a great deal it may be difficult to determine where he ordinarily resides .
where a child has moved around a great deal it may be difficult to [find out] where he ordinarily resides .

In addition , the local authority has the power to determine the extent to which a parent may exercise his or her parental responsibility but may only exercise this power where necessary to safeguard or promote the child 's welfare ( s33 ( 3 ) ( b ) ( 4 ) ) .
in addition , the local authority has the power to [find out] the extent to which a parent may exercise his or her parental responsibility but may only exercise this power where necessary to safeguard or promote the child 's welfare ( s33 ( 3 ) ( b ) ( 4 ) ) .

We need to know the effect the injury has had on you so that we can determine what type of medical evidence we need and when .
we need to know the effect the injury has had on you so that we can [find out] what type of medical evidence we need and when .

You can use this function to determine whether a number is positive , negative or zero .
you can use this function to [find out] whether a number is positive , negative or zero .

The aims and objectives of the curriculum and the particular assignment — the specific areas the pupils are expected to explore , the scope for individual research and the expected outcome of the task — will largely determine the depth of keyword indexing as well as coverage of the database .
the aims and objectives of the curriculum and the particular assignment — the specific areas the pupils are expected to explore , the scope for individual research and the expected outcome of the task — will largely [find out] the depth of keyword indexing as well as coverage of the database .

It is always difficult to set the bounds to an industry — to determine where one industry 's activities end and another industry 's activities begin .
it is always difficult to set the bounds to an industry — to [find out] where one industry 's activities end and another industry 's activities begin .

For example , speculative development of unit factories , offices and other premises suitable for small firms is not normally a planning matter : ‘ it is for market forces to determine whether there is a demand for such premises ’ .
for example , speculative development of unit factories , offices and other premises suitable for small firms is not normally a planning matter : ‘ it is for market forces to [find out] whether there is a demand for such premises ’ .

It is the mineral planning authorities ’ responsibility to determine the acceptability of specific projects through the planning system .
it is the mineral planning authorities ’ responsibility to [find out] the acceptability of specific projects through the planning system .

In fact , these provisions were largely ineffective since it proved extremely difficult to determine with any certainty which properties had increased in value as a result of a scheme ( or of works carried out under a scheme ) or , where there was a reasonable degree of certainty , how much of the increase in value was directly attributable to the scheme and how much to other factors .
in fact , these provisions were largely ineffective since it proved extremely difficult to [find out] with any certainty which properties had increased in value as a result of a scheme ( or of works carried out under a scheme ) or , where there was a reasonable degree of certainty , how much of the increase in value was directly attributable to the scheme and how much to other factors .

The inherent uncertainties of future public acquisitions — no plan can be so definite and inflexible as to determine which sites will ( or might ) be needed in the future for public purposes — made this distinction appear arbitrary and unjust .
the inherent uncertainties of future public acquisitions — no plan can be so definite and inflexible as to [find out] which sites will ( or might ) be needed in the future for public purposes — made this distinction appear arbitrary and unjust .

This gave statutory recognition for the first time to the area concept , and made it a duty of local planning authorities ‘ to determine which parts of their areas are areas of special architectural or historic interest , the character of which it is desirable to preserve or enhance ’ and to designate such areas as conservation areas ' .
this gave statutory recognition for the first time to the area concept , and made it a duty of local planning authorities ‘ to [find out] which parts of their areas are areas of special architectural or historic interest , the character of which it is desirable to preserve or enhance ’ and to designate such areas as conservation areas ' .

These attributions will determine whether future helplessness will be chronic or acute , broad or narrow , and whether or not self-esteem will be lowered .
these attributions will [find out] whether future helplessness will be chronic or acute , broad or narrow , and whether or not self-esteem will be lowered .

Finally , illness behaviour will determine whether or not the individual regards himself as ill and seeks professional treatment .
finally , illness behaviour will [find out] whether or not the individual regards himself as ill and seeks professional treatment .

The aim of the numerical analysis in the modern method is to determine the quantity defined below .
the aim of the numerical analysis in the modern method is to [find out] the quantity defined below .

Obviously , one would like to use this to determine f as a function of r .
obviously , one would like to use this to [find out] f as a function of r .

Since one applies inviscid theory to determine the velocity , it is essential for the Reynolds number of a Pitot tube to be high .
since one applies inviscid theory to [find out] the velocity , it is essential for the reynolds number of a pitot tube to be high .

Difficulties occur whether they focus on the monetary base or on a wider range of liquid assets , and whether they impose statutory ratios or allow banks to determine their own prudent ratios .
difficulties occur whether they focus on the monetary base or on a wider range of liquid assets , and whether they impose statutory ratios or allow banks to [find out] their own prudent ratios .

‘ That is what we have to determine . ’
‘ that is what we have to [find out] . ’

She had a lot of hair , but it was so tangled and matted it was impossible to determine the colour .
she had a lot of hair , but it was so tangled and matted it was impossible to [find out] the colour .

‘ He 'll be transferred to hospital for a whole series of tests and X-rays , and the results will determine the treatment he 's given .
‘ he 'll be transferred to hospital for a whole series of tests and x-rays , and the results will [find out] the treatment he 's given .

Since it is also difficult in some cases to determine whether neighbouring centres of active volcanism are associated with one or more hot spots , estimates of the total number of hot spots vary significantly from around 40 to well over 100 .
since it is also difficult in some cases to [find out] whether neighbouring centres of active volcanism are associated with one or more hot spots , estimates of the total number of hot spots vary significantly from around 40 to well over 100 .

By relating variations in the thickness of the lithosphere over the Earth 's surface to variations in the velocity of plate movement it is possible to determine global variations in lithospheric vulnerability ( Fig .
by relating variations in the thickness of the lithosphere over the earth 's surface to variations in the velocity of plate movement it is possible to [find out] global variations in lithospheric vulnerability ( fig .

Spry ( 1962 ) considers the development of columnar joints in basalts while Walker ( 1973 ) examines the factors that determine the length of lava flows .
spry ( 1962 ) considers the development of columnar joints in basalts while walker ( 1973 ) examines the factors that [find out] the length of lava flows .

Archivists would have to broaden their horizons to undertake studies of the flows of information and authority within organisations , and to determine with the departments themselves which are important .
archivists would have to broaden their horizons to undertake studies of the flows of information and authority within organisations , and to [find out] with the departments themselves which are important .

The Court quoted the National Archives Records Management Handbook , ‘ … only records officers should determine the record or non-record status of files … Such authority ( given to others ) weakens the disposition program by indiscriminate use of the non-record label and can result in the loss of valuable records .
the court quoted the national archives records management handbook , ‘ … only records officers should [find out] the record or non-record status of files … such authority ( given to others ) weakens the disposition program by indiscriminate use of the non-record label and can result in the loss of valuable records .

In its present form it would be of some value to the company historian but in public institutions , its status as a record , and therefore its management needs to be decided before we can determine its retention .
in its present form it would be of some value to the company historian but in public institutions , its status as a record , and therefore its management needs to be decided before we can [find out] its retention .

For information acting as a historical record , it may not be necessary to carry out periodic examinations to determine if the data require updating ; for example , where an evidential/security ‘ log ’ of all messages sent and received by an electronic messaging system is being maintained .
for information acting as a historical record , it may not be necessary to carry out periodic examinations to [find out] if the data require updating ; for example , where an evidential/security ‘ log ’ of all messages sent and received by an electronic messaging system is being maintained .

Historians , too , must determine how to classify their data for analytical purposes .
historians , too , must [find out] how to classify their data for analytical purposes .

But the skills required to produce the necessary documentation giving details of the provenance of electronic records , enabling the future researcher to determine how the information was collected and stored , why it was collected and the responsibility for the collection , are markedly different from those displayed in conventional archival practise .
but the skills required to produce the necessary documentation giving details of the provenance of electronic records , enabling the future researcher to [find out] how the information was collected and stored , why it was collected and the responsibility for the collection , are markedly different from those displayed in conventional archival practise .

It became possible to determine the correct numbers of each kind of atom in a molecule by means of the already available Avogadro 's Law of 1811 , which a patriotic Italian chemist drew to the attention of an international symposium on the question in 1860 , the year of Italian unity .
it became possible to [find out] the correct numbers of each kind of atom in a molecule by means of the already available avogadro 's law of 1811 , which a patriotic italian chemist drew to the attention of an international symposium on the question in 1860 , the year of italian unity .

The reasons for this puzzling association of money wage changes and real-wage changes in classical theory are not altogether clear , though we speculated in Chapter 2 that the influence of the quantity theory of money probably played an important part since it anchored the price level to the quantity of money in circulation , releasing the money-wage bargain to determine real wages .
the reasons for this puzzling association of money wage changes and real-wage changes in classical theory are not altogether clear , though we speculated in chapter 2 that the influence of the quantity theory of money probably played an important part since it anchored the price level to the quantity of money in circulation , releasing the money-wage bargain to [find out] real wages .

The traditional theory [ of employment ] maintains , in short , that the wage bargains between the entrepreneurs and the workers determine the real wage ; so that , assuming free competition amongst employers and no restrictive combinations amongst workers , the latter can , if they wish , bring their real wages into conformity with the marginal disutility of employment offered by the employers at that wage .
the traditional theory [ of employment ] maintains , in short , that the wage bargains between the entrepreneurs and the workers [find out] the real wage ; so that , assuming free competition amongst employers and no restrictive combinations amongst workers , the latter can , if they wish , bring their real wages into conformity with the marginal disutility of employment offered by the employers at that wage .

What are these mysterious ‘ other forces ’ which are supposed to determine the real wage rate ?
what are these mysterious ‘ other forces ’ which are supposed to [find out] the real wage rate ?

Service of an originating process out of England and Wales is permissible without the leave of the court provided that each claim made is either : ( 1 ) a claim which , by virtue of the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982 , the court has power to hear and determine , made in proceedings to which the following conditions apply : ( a ) no proceedings between the parties concerning the same cause of action are pending in the courts of any other part of the United Kingdom or of any other Convention territory , and ( b ) either : ( i ) the defendant is domiciled in any part of the United Kingdom or in any other Convention territory , or the proceedings begun by the originating process are proceedings to which art 16 of Sched 1 or of Sched 4 to the 1982 Act refer , or ( ii ) the defendant is a party to an agreement conferring jurisdiction to which art 17 of the said Sched 1 or Sched 4 applies .
service of an originating process out of england and wales is permissible without the leave of the court provided that each claim made is either : ( 1 ) a claim which , by virtue of the civil jurisdiction and judgments act 1982 , the court has power to hear and [find out] , made in proceedings to which the following conditions apply : ( a ) no proceedings between the parties concerning the same cause of action are pending in the courts of any other part of the united kingdom or of any other convention territory , and ( b ) either : ( i ) the defendant is domiciled in any part of the united kingdom or in any other convention territory , or the proceedings begun by the originating process are proceedings to which art 16 of sched 1 or of sched 4 to the 1982 act refer , or ( ii ) the defendant is a party to an agreement conferring jurisdiction to which art 17 of the said sched 1 or sched 4 applies .

or , ( 1 ) a claim which by virtue of any other enactment the court has power to hear and determine notwithstanding that the person against whom the claim is made is not within England and Wales or that the wrongful act , neglect or default giving rise to the claim did not take place within England and Wales .
or , ( 1 ) a claim which by virtue of any other enactment the court has power to hear and [find out] notwithstanding that the person against whom the claim is made is not within england and wales or that the wrongful act , neglect or default giving rise to the claim did not take place within england and wales .

On receipt of a defence a " proper officer " has to scrutinize it , not for " quality control " , but to determine the question of venue .
on receipt of a defence a " proper officer " has to scrutinize it , not for " quality control " , but to [find out] the question of venue .

In a discontinued action , the district judge has power , on taxation , to determine the scale of costs ( Ord 38 , r 4 ( 7 ) ) and as to costs where an action is brought and tried in the High Court which could have been brought in the county court see s 19 .
in a discontinued action , the district judge has power , on taxation , to [find out] the scale of costs ( ord 38 , r 4 ( 7 ) ) and as to costs where an action is brought and tried in the high court which could have been brought in the county court see s 19 .

The district judge has jurisdiction to hear and determine the amount of the damages .
the district judge has jurisdiction to hear and [find out] the amount of the damages .

The district judge may determine a dispute as to payment on application on notice on payment of a fee to the court where satisfaction was made ( see Table of Fees ) .
the district judge may [find out] a dispute as to payment on application on notice on payment of a fee to the court where satisfaction was made ( see table of fees ) .

The only sure way to avoid the problem is to negotiate , either in advance , or on a case by case basis , to determine whose conditions will apply .
the only sure way to avoid the problem is to negotiate , either in advance , or on a case by case basis , to [find out] whose conditions will apply .

The onus is on the partners themselves to determine what property belongs to their firm .
the onus is on the partners themselves to [find out] what property belongs to their firm .

s26 ( 1 ) Where no fixed term has been agreed upon for the duration of the partnership , any partner may determine the partnership at any time on giving notice of his intention so to do to all the other partners .
s26 ( 1 ) where no fixed term has been agreed upon for the duration of the partnership , any partner may [find out] the partnership at any time on giving notice of his intention so to do to all the other partners .

It will be in everyone 's interest that the precise arrangements are specified , eg whether the partnership has a tenancy or contractual licence to occupy and in consideration of what payments , or whether the property is to be enjoyed rent free , or whether the firm is given only a non-exclusive personal licence which will determine on the death or retirement of the partner who grants the same .
it will be in everyone 's interest that the precise arrangements are specified , eg whether the partnership has a tenancy or contractual licence to occupy and in consideration of what payments , or whether the property is to be enjoyed rent free , or whether the firm is given only a non-exclusive personal licence which will [find out] on the death or retirement of the partner who grants the same .

Having provided for the acquisition of an outgoing partner 's share , the partners must determine what restrictions should be put on him to prevent any action of his eroding the value of that share .
having provided for the acquisition of an outgoing partner 's share , the partners must [find out] what restrictions should be put on him to prevent any action of his eroding the value of that share .

( e ) Staff Two particular matters , in the nature of carrot and stick , may conveniently be mentioned here as being important for the partners to determine as a matter of firm policy : ( 1 ) r7 of the Solicitors ' Practice Rules 1990 permits solicitors to share their profits with their bona fide employees so long as such arrangements do not conceal an effective partnership .
( e ) staff two particular matters , in the nature of carrot and stick , may conveniently be mentioned here as being important for the partners to [find out] as a matter of firm policy : ( 1 ) r7 of the solicitors ' practice rules 1990 permits solicitors to share their profits with their bona fide employees so long as such arrangements do not conceal an effective partnership .

( a ) Status When recruiting new members of the firm the partners will have to determine whether to accord them full equity or salaried status .
( a ) status when recruiting new members of the firm the partners will have to [find out] whether to accord them full equity or salaried status .

Some firms have adopted a formula which reserves a power to prevent more than one partner departing in any given period ( say a year ) , with complementary provisions to determine priority as between notices served on the same day , though in these frantic head-hunting times when whole departments may be recruited at a stroke , such provisions are realistically best seen as providing a basis for negotiation ( and perhaps financial adjustment by way of compensation ) .
some firms have adopted a formula which reserves a power to prevent more than one partner departing in any given period ( say a year ) , with complementary provisions to [find out] priority as between notices served on the same day , though in these frantic head-hunting times when whole departments may be recruited at a stroke , such provisions are realistically best seen as providing a basis for negotiation ( and perhaps financial adjustment by way of compensation ) .

In Campbell and Palmer v Crest Homes ( Wessex ) Ltd ( 1989 ) unreported , Chancery Division , 13 November , the plaintiff vendors agreed to sell some development land to the defendant purchasers at the price the property might reasonably be expected to fetch on the open market at the relevant date on a sale by a willing vendor to a willing purchaser ; if the parties failed to agree the price within four weeks they were to refer to an independent surveyor to determine the price .
in campbell and palmer v crest homes ( wessex ) ltd ( 1989 ) unreported , chancery division , 13 november , the plaintiff vendors agreed to sell some development land to the defendant purchasers at the price the property might reasonably be expected to fetch on the open market at the relevant date on a sale by a willing vendor to a willing purchaser ; if the parties failed to agree the price within four weeks they were to refer to an independent surveyor to [find out] the price .

This chapter explains : ( 1 ) the application of expert determination to the valuation of shares in private companies ( 3.2 ) ; ( 2 ) that the procedure usually depends on the articles of association ( 3.3 ) ; ( 3 ) that the experts are usually the company 's auditors ( 3.4 ) ; ( 4 ) the effect of the auditors being obliged to determine the " fair value " of shares ( 3.5 ) ; ( 5 ) the effect of specific valuation instructions ( 3.6 ) ; ( 6 ) the special position where a minority shareholder petitions for winding-up ( 3.7 ) .
this chapter explains : ( 1 ) the application of expert determination to the valuation of shares in private companies ( 3.2 ) ; ( 2 ) that the procedure usually depends on the articles of association ( 3.3 ) ; ( 3 ) that the experts are usually the company 's auditors ( 3.4 ) ; ( 4 ) the effect of the auditors being obliged to [find out] the " fair value " of shares ( 3.5 ) ; ( 5 ) the effect of specific valuation instructions ( 3.6 ) ; ( 6 ) the special position where a minority shareholder petitions for winding-up ( 3.7 ) .

Very broadly , the accountants determine whether the right accounting methods have been usedfor instance in dealing with such matters as rates of depreciation and work-in-progress .
very broadly , the accountants [find out] whether the right accounting methods have been usedfor instance in dealing with such matters as rates of depreciation and work-in-progress .

4.3.2 Actuaries determine
4.3.2 actuaries [find out]

What auditors have to do to determine the value of a partnership share may be , depending on the partnership agreement , either : ( 1 ) simply to certify what the accounts say ; or ( 2 ) to make a much more complex investigation of the financial affairs of the partnership .
what auditors have to do to [find out] the value of a partnership share may be , depending on the partnership agreement , either : ( 1 ) simply to certify what the accounts say ; or ( 2 ) to make a much more complex investigation of the financial affairs of the partnership .

Finance leases , which are similar to loans , often contain provisions for experts to determine variations in rental .
finance leases , which are similar to loans , often contain provisions for experts to [find out] variations in rental .

It is a matter for the parties to decide how the lawyer should determine the issue , and the fact that a lawyer is to determine it does not mean that the procedure has to be an arbitrationa lawyer can act as an expert .
it is a matter for the parties to decide how the lawyer should [find out] the issue , and the fact that a lawyer is to [find out] it does not mean that the procedure has to be an arbitrationa lawyer can act as an expert .

Commercial agreements sometimes say that the opinion of a Queen 's Counsel will determine whether and if so how a claim should proceed .
commercial agreements sometimes say that the opinion of a queen 's counsel will [find out] whether and if so how a claim should proceed .

6.7.2 Contrasting use of experts who determine issues and
6.7.2 contrasting use of experts who [find out] issues and

Is it lawful to refer questions of fact and law to a third party to determine in a non-judicial fashion ?
is it lawful to refer questions of fact and law to a third party to [find out] in a non-judicial fashion ?

If the parties are unable to agree on the precise application of the method of calculation to the information derived from the drilling and production , the dispute may be referred by the agreement to an expert to determine .
if the parties are unable to agree on the precise application of the method of calculation to the information derived from the drilling and production , the dispute may be referred by the agreement to an expert to [find out] .

Experts are used in electricity contracts to determine technical issues and/or the price .
experts are used in electricity contracts to [find out] technical issues and/or the price .

In practice , experts are rarely appointed to determine issues under shipbuilding contracts , because of the role played by Classification Societies .
in practice , experts are rarely appointed to [find out] issues under shipbuilding contracts , because of the role played by classification societies .

For example , Lloyd 's Register surveyors invariably decline to be nominated as experts to determine technical disputes during construction , for this very reason ; and the parties usually refer disputes to arbitration rather than expert determination .
for example , lloyd 's register surveyors invariably decline to be nominated as experts to [find out] technical disputes during construction , for this very reason ; and the parties usually refer disputes to arbitration rather than expert determination .

Experts are appointed under construction contracts for two purposes : first , to determine valuation or technical questions ; or , second , to decide all disputes under the contract .
experts are appointed under construction contracts for two purposes : first , to [find out] valuation or technical questions ; or , second , to decide all disputes under the contract .

The need to ensure that the expert has the power to award interest will arise in the following circumstances : ( 1 ) Does the issue referred to the expert include a claim for damages arising from some breach of contract that has already occurred ? ( 2 ) Is the issue the expert is called on to determine essentially what amount of money one side owes the other , and when that sum is payable ? ( 3 ) Is there likely to be a delay in obtaining the expert 's decision on the amount payable ?
the need to ensure that the expert has the power to award interest will arise in the following circumstances : ( 1 ) does the issue referred to the expert include a claim for damages arising from some breach of contract that has already occurred ? ( 2 ) is the issue the expert is called on to [find out] essentially what amount of money one side owes the other , and when that sum is payable ? ( 3 ) is there likely to be a delay in obtaining the expert 's decision on the amount payable ?

In cases where accountants determine matters such as the net asset value of a business which has been transferred ( see Chapter 4 ) , the expert clauses sometimes specify that the parties can make representations , but may be reticent on the point .
in cases where accountants [find out] matters such as the net asset value of a business which has been transferred ( see chapter 4 ) , the expert clauses sometimes specify that the parties can make representations , but may be reticent on the point .

Even though some expert clauses do not specifically reserve the right for the parties to make submissions or representations to the expert ( see 8.15 ) , it is unlikely that this right will be lost through its omission , because the expert will usually want to receive submissions or representations of some kind to help him understand the issue he has to determine .
even though some expert clauses do not specifically reserve the right for the parties to make submissions or representations to the expert ( see 8.15 ) , it is unlikely that this right will be lost through its omission , because the expert will usually want to receive submissions or representations of some kind to help him understand the issue he has to [find out] .

the name of the expert ; the names of the parties ; the issue they asked the expert to determine ; the relevant contract and expert clause ; the manner by which the expert was appointed ; the terms of reference ; the procedural directions ; compliance ( or otherwise ) by the parties with those directions ; the decision itself ( see 11.7.2 ) ; the fees and expenses ; and , whatever its form , the decision should be signed and dated .
the name of the expert ; the names of the parties ; the issue they asked the expert to [find out] ; the relevant contract and expert clause ; the manner by which the expert was appointed ; the terms of reference ; the procedural directions ; compliance ( or otherwise ) by the parties with those directions ; the decision itself ( see 11.7.2 ) ; the fees and expenses ; and , whatever its form , the decision should be signed and dated .

The vendor 's and the purchaser 's accountants were then to review the sales figure and try to agree it with each other : and , if they disagreed , which they did , a third accountant was to determine the figure .
the vendor 's and the purchaser 's accountants were then to review the sales figure and try to agree it with each other : and , if they disagreed , which they did , a third accountant was to [find out] the figure .

Coopers ' determination was a brief letter referring to the sale agreement and what they had been asked to determine , and stating the answer : `` We determine that the sales amount to £2,527,135 `` .
coopers ' determination was a brief letter referring to the sale agreement and what they had been asked to [find out] , and stating the answer : `` we [find out] that the sales amount to £2,527,135 `` .

The plaintiffs ' case was that Peats and Coopers had made mistakes of mixed fact and law , and that they were entitled to ask the court to determine whether or not Coopers had made those mistakes .
the plaintiffs ' case was that peats and coopers had made mistakes of mixed fact and law , and that they were entitled to ask the court to [find out] whether or not coopers had made those mistakes .

The arbitrator 's task is to look at and sniff the sample of the commodity and to apply his trade experience to determine its quality or condition .
the arbitrator 's task is to look at and sniff the sample of the commodity and to apply his trade experience to [find out] its quality or condition .

It is seldom an easy matter to determine in any given case whether the parties intended an arbitration or a valuation .
it is seldom an easy matter to [find out] in any given case whether the parties intended an arbitration or a valuation .

The landlord requires security of income for a long period , and this is specially desirable where the landlord is an investing institution which pays out pensions or insurance policies , because a period of twenty-five years ' secure income facilitates the actuarial calculations necessary in order to determine the level of payments which the landlord can make .
the landlord requires security of income for a long period , and this is specially desirable where the landlord is an investing institution which pays out pensions or insurance policies , because a period of twenty-five years ' secure income facilitates the actuarial calculations necessary in order to [find out] the level of payments which the landlord can make .

Its main characteristic is that it can be predicated with certainty before the commencement of the term that it will come to an end ( subject to any right of re-entry or option to determine ) on a known date .
its main characteristic is that it can be predicated with certainty before the commencement of the term that it will come to an end ( subject to any right of re-entry or option to [find out] ) on a known date .

Either the landlord or the tenant may be entitled to determine a term certain at a date earlier than that on which it would otherwise expire by effluxion of time .
either the landlord or the tenant may be entitled to [find out] a term certain at a date earlier than that on which it would otherwise expire by effluxion of time .

( c ) Circumstances of exercise It is rare nowadays for the landlord to have an unrestricted power to determine a lease .
( c ) circumstances of exercise it is rare nowadays for the landlord to have an unrestricted power to [find out] a lease .

On a commercial note , it may well be that the insertion of a landlord 's break will reduce the market rent obtainable for the property , a fact which will doubtless manifest itself at the time of the first rent review after the landlord 's power to break has become exercisable . Example 3:7 Landlord 's power to break ( 1 ) The landlord shall be entitled to determine this tenancy by not less than six months ' notice in writing expiring on or after [ date ] if he intends at the expiry of such notice either : ( a ) to demolish or reconstruct the demised property or a substantial part of it or to carry out substantial work of construction on the demised property or part of it ; or ( b ) to occupy the demised property for the purposes or partly for the purposes of a business to be carried on by him ( 2 ) The service of a notice under s25 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 shall be sufficient notice and good service for the purposes of the preceding subclause Example 3:8 Tenant 's power to break on refusal of planning permission The tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy by not less than three nor more than six months ' notice in writing served not more than one month after the happening of any of the following events : ( 1 ) the refusal or deemed refusal by the local planning authority to renew the planning permission dated [ date ] permitting the use of the demised property for ; ( 2 ) the dismissal by the Secretary of State or an appointed person of any appeal against any such refusal ; ( 3 ) the expiry of the said planning permission Example 3:9 Tenant 's right to break preventing exercise of rights under Landlord and Tenant Act The tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy on … by giving not less than thirteen months ' previous notice to that effect Example 3:10 Tenant 's conditional right to break The tenant shall be entitled to determine this tenancy on … if : ( 1 ) he gives thirteen months ' written notice to that effect ; and ( 2 ) both at the date of the notice and at the date of its expiry there are neither any outstanding arrears of rent nor any subsisting breach of covenant by the tenant for which the landlord would be entitled to recover damages of more than a nominal amount
on a commercial note , it may well be that the insertion of a landlord 's break will reduce the market rent obtainable for the property , a fact which will doubtless manifest itself at the time of the first rent review after the landlord 's power to break has become exercisable . example 3:7 landlord 's power to break ( 1 ) the landlord shall be entitled to [find out] this tenancy by not less than six months ' notice in writing expiring on or after [ date ] if he intends at the expiry of such notice either : ( a ) to demolish or reconstruct the demised property or a substantial part of it or to carry out substantial work of construction on the demised property or part of it ; or ( b ) to occupy the demised property for the purposes or partly for the purposes of a business to be carried on by him ( 2 ) the service of a notice under s25 of the landlord and tenant act 1954 shall be sufficient notice and good service for the purposes of the preceding subclause example 3:8 tenant 's power to break on refusal of planning permission the tenant shall be entitled to [find out] this tenancy by not less than three nor more than six months ' notice in writing served not more than one month after the happening of any of the following events : ( 1 ) the refusal or deemed refusal by the local planning authority to renew the planning permission dated [ date ] permitting the use of the demised property for ; ( 2 ) the dismissal by the secretary of state or an appointed person of any appeal against any such refusal ; ( 3 ) the expiry of the said planning permission example 3:9 tenant 's right to break preventing exercise of rights under landlord and tenant act the tenant shall be entitled to [find out] this tenancy on … by giving not less than thirteen months ' previous notice to that effect example 3:10 tenant 's conditional right to break the tenant shall be entitled to [find out] this tenancy on … if : ( 1 ) he gives thirteen months ' written notice to that effect ; and ( 2 ) both at the date of the notice and at the date of its expiry there are neither any outstanding arrears of rent nor any subsisting breach of covenant by the tenant for which the landlord would be entitled to recover damages of more than a nominal amount

( iii ) By the interrelationship of the rent review clause and other clauses in the lease The classic case of the interrelationship of the rent review clause and other clauses in the lease making time of the essence is a case where the tenant has an option to determine the term by the service of a break notice .
( iii ) by the interrelationship of the rent review clause and other clauses in the lease the classic case of the interrelationship of the rent review clause and other clauses in the lease making time of the essence is a case where the tenant has an option to [find out] the term by the service of a break notice .

However , if the tenant has the right to determine the lease , the draftsman must be careful lest that right should have the effect of making time limits in the rent review procedure of the essence .
however , if the tenant has the right to [find out] the lease , the draftsman must be careful lest that right should have the effect of making time limits in the rent review procedure of the essence .

Again , the age of the plaintiff and his expectation of life are of critical importance in all cases in which pain and suffering will continue for life , for they determine the length of time for which he is likely to suffer pain or experience suffering .
again , the age of the plaintiff and his expectation of life are of critical importance in all cases in which pain and suffering will continue for life , for they [find out] the length of time for which he is likely to suffer pain or experience suffering .

As a consequence , fiduciary duties continue to apply to the directors of a company and to 'shadow `` directors ( persons whose instructions or directions often determine the decision of the board of directors ) .
as a consequence , fiduciary duties continue to apply to the directors of a company and to 'shadow `` directors ( persons whose instructions or directions often [find out] the decision of the board of directors ) .

In a management buy-out , the ownership of the share capital of the ( usually newly incorporated ) acquiring company , at the time of the acquisition of the target company or its assets , will determine whether or not s320 comes into play .
in a management buy-out , the ownership of the share capital of the ( usually newly incorporated ) acquiring company , at the time of the acquisition of the target company or its assets , will [find out] whether or not s320 comes into play .

For example : After payment of the Preference Dividend and the Preferred Dividend payable in respect of each financial year of the Company ( including any Arrears of the same ) the Company shall [ subject to provisions of clause … of the facility agreement ] pay to the Ordinary Shareholders out of the balance of any profits available for distribution a non-cumulative dividend of such amount as the Company shall determine ( but not exceeding the amount recommended by the Directors such recommendation to include the consent of the Investors ' Director ) on the capital from time to time paid up or credited as paid up on each Ordinary Share .
for example : after payment of the preference dividend and the preferred dividend payable in respect of each financial year of the company ( including any arrears of the same ) the company shall [ subject to provisions of clause … of the facility agreement ] pay to the ordinary shareholders out of the balance of any profits available for distribution a non-cumulative dividend of such amount as the company shall [find out] ( but not exceeding the amount recommended by the directors such recommendation to include the consent of the investors ' director ) on the capital from time to time paid up or credited as paid up on each ordinary share .

If the vendor is part of a group it is also necessary to determine which companies in the group own the assets used in the business .
if the vendor is part of a group it is also necessary to [find out] which companies in the group own the assets used in the business .

It can not be overstressed that in any particular circumstance most of the factors will be irrelevant and that one factor will tend to dominate the decision and determine the form of any particular sale .
it can not be overstressed that in any particular circumstance most of the factors will be irrelevant and that one factor will tend to dominate the decision and [find out] the form of any particular sale .

As with any other policy the insurers will commonly require exclusions against the following : ( 1 ) The adequacy of insurance arrangements The view of the insurers is that it should be for the purchaser to determine whether existing insurance cover for the business is adequate and if it is not to increase the level of cover with effect from completion .
as with any other policy the insurers will commonly require exclusions against the following : ( 1 ) the adequacy of insurance arrangements the view of the insurers is that it should be for the purchaser to [find out] whether existing insurance cover for the business is adequate and if it is not to increase the level of cover with effect from completion .

However , the government survey planned to determine `` which areas are suitable for which type of activity without causing serious environmental damage `` has been criticised for lack of research capability by the National Institute of Amazonian Studies .
however , the government survey planned to [find out] `` which areas are suitable for which type of activity without causing serious environmental damage `` has been criticised for lack of research capability by the national institute of amazonian studies .

The money will also be used to determine the rate and extent of recovery of lakes and rivers and their associated fauna from acid rain damage , and its role in causing forest decline .
the money will also be used to [find out] the rate and extent of recovery of lakes and rivers and their associated fauna from acid rain damage , and its role in causing forest decline .

Unlike the United States Supreme Court , which can delve deep into the deliberations of the Founding Fathers to try to elucidate what was meant by a particular provision of the Constitution , British courts are not permitted to look at the proceedings of Parliament in order to determine what Parliament really meant .
unlike the united states supreme court , which can delve deep into the deliberations of the founding fathers to try to elucidate what was meant by a particular provision of the constitution , british courts are not permitted to look at the proceedings of parliament in order to [find out] what parliament really meant .

He or she will be aided by volunteers who do doorstep canvassing to try to determine where supporters live : on election day they will keep a running tab on who has voted in order to ensure that support is maximized .
he or she will be aided by volunteers who do doorstep canvassing to try to [find out] where supporters live : on election day they will keep a running tab on who has voted in order to ensure that support is maximized .

The results from the 650 constituencies , as already mentioned , determine which party will form the government .
the results from the 650 constituencies , as already mentioned , [find out] which party will form the government .

Something about their shape should determine whether or not they survive in that environment .
something about their shape should [find out] whether or not they survive in that environment .

The particular shape of a prey biomorph should determine its vulnerability to being caught , for example , by particular shapes of predator biomorphs .
the particular shape of a prey biomorph should [find out] its vulnerability to being caught , for example , by particular shapes of predator biomorphs .

Science and technology thus ceases to be seen as autonomous but rather as part of an interesting system in which the internalised ideological assumptions help to determine the actual experimental designs and theories of the scientists and technologists themselves .
science and technology thus ceases to be seen as autonomous but rather as part of an interesting system in which the internalised ideological assumptions help to [find out] the actual experimental designs and theories of the scientists and technologists themselves .

It may be very difficult to determine whether equipment conforms to certain of the numerical standards either by making measurements , or approaching the manufacturer .
it may be very difficult to [find out] whether equipment conforms to certain of the numerical standards either by making measurements , or approaching the manufacturer .

What can realistically be accomplished by Community Economic Development strategies and what criteria can be used to determine and evaluate success ?
what can realistically be accomplished by community economic development strategies and what criteria can be used to [find out] and evaluate success ?

The task of redaction criticism is to determine how the editor ( redactor ) of a biblical book utilized his sources , what he omitted and what he added and what his particular bias was .
the task of redaction criticism is to [find out] how the editor ( redactor ) of a biblical book utilized his sources , what he omitted and what he added and what his particular bias was .

The basic method of form criticism is to compare like with like , to determine the characteristic features of a particular type of literature , and then to suggest reasons for these features .
the basic method of form criticism is to compare like with like , to [find out] the characteristic features of a particular type of literature , and then to suggest reasons for these features .

The latter is relatively easy to determine with modern methods in palaeography and archaeology .
the latter is relatively easy to [find out] with modern methods in palaeography and archaeology .

If it scents its prey , it swings its head from side to side to determine the direction from which the smell is coming .
if it scents its prey , it swings its head from side to side to [find out] the direction from which the smell is coming .

The next stage was to carry out a proper evaluation of the message , in an attempt to determine what was giving rise to the ambiguity ( i.e .
the next stage was to carry out a proper evaluation of the message , in an attempt to [find out] what was giving rise to the ambiguity ( i.e .

When measuring success and failure , the standard referential communication approach to the problem is to carry out a task analysis to determine which critical features need to be communicated for a successful outcome .
when measuring success and failure , the standard referential communication approach to the problem is to carry out a task analysis to [find out] which critical features need to be communicated for a successful outcome .

It was a full meeting of MPs and peers , and assembled to determine the future of the leadership .
it was a full meeting of mps and peers , and assembled to [find out] the future of the leadership .

’ ; and third ‘ To commence the manufacture of such articles as the Society may determine upon , for the employment of such members as may be without employment , or who may be suffering in consequence of repeated reductions in their wages .
’ ; and third ‘ to commence the manufacture of such articles as the society may [find out] upon , for the employment of such members as may be without employment , or who may be suffering in consequence of repeated reductions in their wages .

It would not work because it assumes compliance by those who own the assets and resources , other than labour , of industry ; and that assumption ignores that there inheres in ownership an inalienable right to determine whether , and if so how , to use those assets and resources .
it would not work because it assumes compliance by those who own the assets and resources , other than labour , of industry ; and that assumption ignores that there inheres in ownership an inalienable right to [find out] whether , and if so how , to use those assets and resources .

In order to assess the progressive development of international law in this direction it is important to determine what claims may be made by or against third parties , either as a particular third party or as a member of the international community , and the possible outcome of those claims .
in order to assess the progressive development of international law in this direction it is important to [find out] what claims may be made by or against third parties , either as a particular third party or as a member of the international community , and the possible outcome of those claims .

The problem is to determine the degree of intensity necessary to allow the third party to make some valid claim , or for the parties to bring a claim against it .
the problem is to [find out] the degree of intensity necessary to allow the third party to make some valid claim , or for the parties to bring a claim against it .

This Part will examine the topic of treaties and third parties in an attempt to determine the circumstances in which international law accommodates the interests of third parties , and the reasoning by which this is done .
this part will examine the topic of treaties and third parties in an attempt to [find out] the circumstances in which international law accommodates the interests of third parties , and the reasoning by which this is done .

The Court found on the facts that it did not need to pronounce upon whether the provisions relating to the Gex Zone created a stipulation in favour of a third party , but warned that the existence of such rights should not be lightly assumed : each such claim must be separately examined to determine ‘ whether the States which have stipulated in favour of a third State meant to create for that State an actual right which the latter has accepted as such ’ .
the court found on the facts that it did not need to pronounce upon whether the provisions relating to the gex zone created a stipulation in favour of a third party , but warned that the existence of such rights should not be lightly assumed : each such claim must be separately examined to [find out] ‘ whether the states which have stipulated in favour of a third state meant to create for that state an actual right which the latter has accepted as such ’ .

Another approach has been to apply regime theory as developed by political scientists to areas regulated by international law.150 — In all cases , a particular claim would have to be carefully examined to determine the legitimacy of an erga omnes claim , which can not be presumed .
another approach has been to apply regime theory as developed by political scientists to areas regulated by international law.150 — in all cases , a particular claim would have to be carefully examined to [find out] the legitimacy of an erga omnes claim , which can not be presumed .

It is not stated who is to determine whether the conditions have been observed , or what is to be the consequence of subsequent non-observance .
it is not stated who is to [find out] whether the conditions have been observed , or what is to be the consequence of subsequent non-observance .

Where a treaty is silent on assignability certain factors should be weighed to determine its legitimacy , for example the intention of the parties and their interests , the background to the negotiations and the circumstances at the conclusion of the treaty , the subject matter and terms of the treaty , the identity of the assignee and its relationship with the treaty parties , the impact of the assignment on the original parties , and any domestic regulations that might be relevant .
where a treaty is silent on assignability certain factors should be weighed to [find out] its legitimacy , for example the intention of the parties and their interests , the background to the negotiations and the circumstances at the conclusion of the treaty , the subject matter and terms of the treaty , the identity of the assignee and its relationship with the treaty parties , the impact of the assignment on the original parties , and any domestic regulations that might be relevant .

Further , the Compacts of Free Association of Micronesia and the Marshall Islands preserve in the United States the subjective power to determine those security and national interests .
further , the compacts of free association of micronesia and the marshall islands preserve in the united states the subjective power to [find out] those security and national interests .

An even more extraordinary paper originated in the State Department : described as a ‘ possible method of solving the Indo-China problem ’ which would ‘ once and for all smoke out Ho Chi Minh and determine whether he is primarily a nationalist or a communist ’ .
an even more extraordinary paper originated in the state department : described as a ‘ possible method of solving the indo-china problem ’ which would ‘ once and for all smoke out ho chi minh and [find out] whether he is primarily a nationalist or a communist ’ .

Just where the boundary of deviance lies is difficult to determine .
just where the boundary of deviance lies is difficult to [find out] .

Indeed , a good deal of children 's play , if otherwise defined , could be held to fall into this category ; and occasionally police or social workers are hard put to it to determine where the line should be drawn .
indeed , a good deal of children 's play , if otherwise defined , could be held to fall into this category ; and occasionally police or social workers are hard put to it to [find out] where the line should be drawn .

In Equation ( 2.6.1 ) we arbitrarily assign ( n — 2 ) different values to ( other than = 0 , which we have in effect used to determine pn ) and then evaluate the ( numerical ) determinant for each of these .
in equation ( 2.6.1 ) we arbitrarily assign ( n — 2 ) different values to ( other than = 0 , which we have in effect used to [find out] pn ) and then evaluate the ( numerical ) determinant for each of these .

How does one determine the average length of an English sentence ?
how does one [find out] the average length of an english sentence ?

More flexible systems developed as the movement grew , and Crowder 's work with intrinsic or branching programmes , in which the learner 's responses and mistakes are built into the sequence and determine subsequent steps , made greater concessions to individual differences among learners .
more flexible systems developed as the movement grew , and crowder 's work with intrinsic or branching programmes , in which the learner 's responses and mistakes are built into the sequence and [find out] subsequent steps , made greater concessions to individual differences among learners .

That share , calculated by the same arithmetic as was used to determine the national allotment , will correspond for each party to its regional proportion of its national list vote .
that share , calculated by the same arithmetic as was used to [find out] the national allotment , will correspond for each party to its regional proportion of its national list vote .

But in West Germany they are not political votes in the same overriding sense , because the outcome of constituency elections does not determine , as it does in Britain , how many seats each party will finally win .
but in west germany they are not political votes in the same overriding sense , because the outcome of constituency elections does not [find out] , as it does in britain , how many seats each party will finally win .

Determine today whether your people believe that your company 's products are the best .
[find out] today whether your people believe that your company 's products are the best .

Having started on the road to becoming a professional Profitboss ( whatever your job ) , now determine the other essential steps .
having started on the road to becoming a professional profitboss ( whatever your job ) , now [find out] the other essential steps .

The struggle to determine the party 's attitude to the aspirations of Labour was to be its chief battleground for the next six years .
the struggle to [find out] the party 's attitude to the aspirations of labour was to be its chief battleground for the next six years .

The parliamentary party could determine the shape of governments and election campaigns .
the parliamentary party could [find out] the shape of governments and election campaigns .

Suppose , however , we take active steps to determine which slit the electron traversed .
suppose , however , we take active steps to [find out] which slit the electron traversed .

Suppose we are trying to determine the spin of an electron along a particular direction , to find out whether it is `` up `` or `` down `` .
suppose we are trying to [find out] the spin of an electron along a particular direction , to find out whether it is `` up `` or `` down `` .

If the microscope were truly classical , untroubled by Heisenberg uncertainty , we could then determine its recoil on absorbing the photon and use that knowledge to circumvent the uncertainty relation for the electron itself .
if the microscope were truly classical , untroubled by heisenberg uncertainty , we could then [find out] its recoil on absorbing the photon and use that knowledge to circumvent the uncertainty relation for the electron itself .

Until now , men in all cultures have had both access to and control of the printing press , broadcast technology , computer-based technologies and production resources that determine the design and content of programmes .
until now , men in all cultures have had both access to and control of the printing press , broadcast technology , computer-based technologies and production resources that [find out] the design and content of programmes .

Just hold down the fire button to determine strength , and position the joystick as for a standard kick .
just hold down the fire button to [find out] strength , and position the joystick as for a standard kick .

The functions of the buildings in their tightly packed site are difficult to determine .
the functions of the buildings in their tightly packed site are difficult to [find out] .

Now , there is a basic constitutional principle , embodied in the Bill of Rights of 1688/9 , that the levying of taxes must be authorized by statute , and so there is an argument for saying that non-statutory rules made by the Revenue which effectively determine a taxpayer 's liability to tax are ‘ unconstitutional ’ .
now , there is a basic constitutional principle , embodied in the bill of rights of 1688/9 , that the levying of taxes must be authorized by statute , and so there is an argument for saying that non-statutory rules made by the revenue which effectively [find out] a taxpayer 's liability to tax are ‘ unconstitutional ’ .

As we have already seen , the source of a power does not determine its reviewability .
as we have already seen , the source of a power does not [find out] its reviewability .

There is a sense in which standing is a preliminary question , separate from that of the substance and merits of the applicant 's case : standing rules determine entitlement to raise and argue the issue of illegality , and it makes little sense to say that entitlement to argue the merits of the case depends on whether one has a good case on the merits .
there is a sense in which standing is a preliminary question , separate from that of the substance and merits of the applicant 's case : standing rules [find out] entitlement to raise and argue the issue of illegality , and it makes little sense to say that entitlement to argue the merits of the case depends on whether one has a good case on the merits .

As such , the subject contains internal objects , representations which determine the relation to what is misleadingly called external reality .
as such , the subject contains internal objects , representations which [find out] the relation to what is misleadingly called external reality .

a genuine participatory democracy that involves the masses in all decision-making processes from the grassroots levels ; particularly the right of the people to determine for themselves what developmental processes best fulfils their aspirations ;
a genuine participatory democracy that involves the masses in all decision-making processes from the grassroots levels ; particularly the right of the people to [find out] for themselves what developmental processes best fulfils their aspirations ;

In sharp contrast , inside the tidy framework of the classical law , we sense intuitively the liberal principles which inspire the legal rules and determine the province of contractual obligations .
in sharp contrast , inside the tidy framework of the classical law , we sense intuitively the liberal principles which inspire the legal rules and [find out] the province of contractual obligations .

As a contribution to this agenda for legal scholarship , this essay endeavours to identify the principles which determine the substance of modern contract law .
as a contribution to this agenda for legal scholarship , this essay endeavours to identify the principles which [find out] the substance of modern contract law .

They still have discretion to determine whether it is long-term or short-term profitability that they should be striving to achieve and discretion as to how to go about realizing that goal .
they still have discretion to [find out] whether it is long-term or short-term profitability that they should be striving to achieve and discretion as to how to go about realizing that goal .

Furthermore , the evidence is of the proliferation of informal administrative agencies in the modern welfare state with discretion to determine the claims of citizens .
furthermore , the evidence is of the proliferation of informal administrative agencies in the modern welfare state with discretion to [find out] the claims of citizens .

Thus criminal law seeks to determine the illegitimate modes of the acquisition of property and therefore is , in part , an integral part of the law of property .
thus criminal law seeks to [find out] the illegitimate modes of the acquisition of property and therefore is , in part , an integral part of the law of property .

Once the legislator 's choice is admitted as a source of content it is entirely possible that two positive legislators will not only determine a concept differently but will determine a concept in a contradictory fashion .
once the legislator 's choice is admitted as a source of content it is entirely possible that two positive legislators will not only [find out] a concept differently but will [find out] a concept in a contradictory fashion .

Emmanuel Leroy Ladurie , administrator of the Bibliothèque Nationale , has been appointed chairman of an association set up to consider the administrative problems and to determine the aims and contents of the long awaited library , and who the users will be .
emmanuel leroy ladurie , administrator of the bibliothèque nationale , has been appointed chairman of an association set up to consider the administrative problems and to [find out] the aims and contents of the long awaited library , and who the users will be .

Since there was normally free passage between England and France at this time , ‘ there was an intermingling of styles that often make it difficult to determine the place of origin of a manuscript and its artists ’ .
since there was normally free passage between england and france at this time , ‘ there was an intermingling of styles that often make it difficult to [find out] the place of origin of a manuscript and its artists ’ .

No group should undertake conservation work without first consulting the French archive , and all work should take into account the findings of the Getty Conservation Institute 's imminent study to determine the precise causes of stonework decay at Angkor .
no group should undertake conservation work without first consulting the french archive , and all work should take into account the findings of the getty conservation institute 's imminent study to [find out] the precise causes of stonework decay at angkor .

Although it is known that Hains had genuine and legitimate professional links with Georges Rudier , the nephew of Rodin 's own bronze-founder , Alexis Rudier , further investigations still have to determine how Hains came to acquire original Rodin plaster casts .
although it is known that hains had genuine and legitimate professional links with georges rudier , the nephew of rodin 's own bronze-founder , alexis rudier , further investigations still have to [find out] how hains came to acquire original rodin plaster casts .

Renton 's suggestion of a further review of its role stems from the feeling in his department that the present system is an administrative duplication , that it does not allow the Minister to determine the policy framework , and that whenever a major funding issue arises the government has in any case to be directly involved at present .
renton 's suggestion of a further review of its role stems from the feeling in his department that the present system is an administrative duplication , that it does not allow the minister to [find out] the policy framework , and that whenever a major funding issue arises the government has in any case to be directly involved at present .

How far do women determine the occupational positions and behaviour of their husbands ?
how far do women [find out] the occupational positions and behaviour of their husbands ?

Since women 's place in the sociology of work is very much a secondary one it follows that we do not have enough empirical data to determine the relative importance to women of their experiences in the occupational sector .
since women 's place in the sociology of work is very much a secondary one it follows that we do not have enough empirical data to [find out] the relative importance to women of their experiences in the occupational sector .

Autonomy , in the sense of freedom from supervision and ability to determine one 's own work rhythms , is an important dimension of employment work .
autonomy , in the sense of freedom from supervision and ability to [find out] one 's own work rhythms , is an important dimension of employment work .

The industrial worker 's control over the work process is shaped and generally reduced by technology ; in the home , machines do not themselves determine the pace and rhythm of work .
the industrial worker 's control over the work process is shaped and generally reduced by technology ; in the home , machines do not themselves [find out] the pace and rhythm of work .

Yet service given to the media at this level can determine the outcome of much more important media decisions in the future .
yet service given to the media at this level can [find out] the outcome of much more important media decisions in the future .

a partly automatic system is better , in which the time for regeneration is set by the operator after tests to determine the water hardness .
a partly automatic system is better , in which the time for regeneration is set by the operator after tests to [find out] the water hardness .

However , known which type of knot has been used is extremely important in helping to determine where a particular rug was made , because although individual weaving groups may copy each other 's designs , they rarely , if ever , change the knot they use .
however , known which type of knot has been used is extremely important in helping to [find out] where a particular rug was made , because although individual weaving groups may copy each other 's designs , they rarely , if ever , change the knot they use .

To determine the fineness of the knotting , count the number of individual knots that occupy a linear inch on both the horizontal and vertical axes of any part of the rug , and then multiply the two numbers together .
to [find out] the fineness of the knotting , count the number of individual knots that occupy a linear inch on both the horizontal and vertical axes of any part of the rug , and then multiply the two numbers together .

The model we used above was very simple in that the manager , in effect , had only to toss the coin to determine the outcome .
the model we used above was very simple in that the manager , in effect , had only to toss the coin to [find out] the outcome .

Carpenter and Just [ 1983 ] showed that syntactically ambiguous words take longer to process than syntactically unambiguous words , indicating that the reader is trying to determine the syntactic role of the ambiguous word while fixating it .
carpenter and just [ 1983 ] showed that syntactically ambiguous words take longer to process than syntactically unambiguous words , indicating that the reader is trying to [find out] the syntactic role of the ambiguous word while fixating it .

This approach is broadly statistical in nature , as it involves corpus analysis to determine the empirical likelihood of various syntactic combinations .
this approach is broadly statistical in nature , as it involves corpus analysis to [find out] the empirical likelihood of various syntactic combinations .

Computational semantics can extend these semantic theories to determine how those meanings could be computed by machine .
computational semantics can extend these semantic theories to [find out] how those meanings could be computed by machine .

The objective , in each case , is to determine that source of attachment .
the objective , in each case , is to [find out] that source of attachment .

The object is to determine which of these phrases is the most semantically acceptable .
the object is to [find out] which of these phrases is the most semantically acceptable .

: To determine whether definitional overlap can distinguish between semantically related and unrelated word pairs .
: to [find out] whether definitional overlap can distinguish between semantically related and unrelated word pairs .

This z-score can then be checked against statistical tables to determine the level of significance : ( z [ df 19 ] = 2.093 , p < 0.05 ) , and ( z [ df 19 ] = 2.861 , p < 0.01 ) .
this z-score can then be checked against statistical tables to [find out] the level of significance : ( z [ df 19 ] = 2.093 , p < 0.05 ) , and ( z [ df 19 ] = 2.861 , p < 0.01 ) .

: To determine the effectiveness of the definitional overlap technique using definitions extracted from the Collins English Dictionary .
: to [find out] the effectiveness of the definitional overlap technique using definitions extracted from the collins english dictionary .

The z-score can then be checked against statistical tables to determine the level of significance : ( z [ df 20 ] = 2.086 , p < 0.05 ) , and ( z [ df 20 ] = 2.845 , p < 0.01 ) , i.e .
the z-score can then be checked against statistical tables to [find out] the level of significance : ( z [ df 20 ] = 2.086 , p < 0.05 ) , and ( z [ df 20 ] = 2.845 , p < 0.01 ) , i.e .

This z-score can then be checked against statistical tables to determine the level of significance : ( z [ df 19 ] = 2.093 , p < 0.05 ) , ( z [ df 19 ] = 2.861 , p < 0.01 ) , i.e. this difference is not significant .
this z-score can then be checked against statistical tables to [find out] the level of significance : ( z [ df 19 ] = 2.093 , p < 0.05 ) , ( z [ df 19 ] = 2.861 , p < 0.01 ) , i.e. this difference is not significant .

Although initial studies using this technique have shown promise , further tests are required to determine the optimum settings for the various parameters .
although initial studies using this technique have shown promise , further tests are required to [find out] the optimum settings for the various parameters .

Spearman 's Rank-Order Correlation Coefficient was calculated to determine the correlation between relative frequency and coverage .
spearman 's rank-order correlation coefficient was calculated to [find out] the correlation between relative frequency and coverage .

It is necessary to identify the effect of these variables on the performance of the semantic analyser , and to determine the values by which optimum performance is obtained .
it is necessary to identify the effect of these variables on the performance of the semantic analyser , and to [find out] the values by which optimum performance is obtained .

: To determine the optimum settings for a range of parameters associated with the overlap algorithm .
: to [find out] the optimum settings for a range of parameters associated with the overlap algorithm .

This method is based upon an algorithm to determine the likelihood that two adjacent words are truly a collocation , rather than an accidental association .
this method is based upon an algorithm to [find out] the likelihood that two adjacent words are truly a collocation , rather than an accidental association .

The t-score can be checked against statistical tables to determine the level of significance : i.e .
the t-score can be checked against statistical tables to [find out] the level of significance : i.e .

The t-score can be checked against statistical tables to determine the level of significance : ( z [ df 18 ] = 2.101 , p < 0.05 ) , and ( z [ df 18 ] = 2.878 , p < 0.01 ) .
the t-score can be checked against statistical tables to [find out] the level of significance : ( z [ df 18 ] = 2.101 , p < 0.05 ) , and ( z [ df 18 ] = 2.878 , p < 0.01 ) .

Another objective of this investigation was to determine the extent to which collocations taken from one domain could aid the recognition of text taken from another .
another objective of this investigation was to [find out] the extent to which collocations taken from one domain could aid the recognition of text taken from another .

It has been suggested that there are three factors that determine population control : family ideals , both material and non-material ; knowledge of bodily functions , reproduction , health , hygiene , child-care , etc .
it has been suggested that there are three factors that [find out] population control : family ideals , both material and non-material ; knowledge of bodily functions , reproduction , health , hygiene , child-care , etc .

Finally , follow the figures across to determine the exact cost .
finally , follow the figures across to [find out] the exact cost .

Studies to determine the effects of increased cardiac output on uterine bloodflow are ethically difficult and not performed , but ( Barton et al , 1974 ) showed that in pregnant sheep the uterine vessels constrict in response to circulating norepinephrine and epinephrine , while animal studies have shown that plasma catecholamines increase during exercise in response to the intensity and duration of the exercise .
studies to [find out] the effects of increased cardiac output on uterine bloodflow are ethically difficult and not performed , but ( barton et al , 1974 ) showed that in pregnant sheep the uterine vessels constrict in response to circulating norepinephrine and epinephrine , while animal studies have shown that plasma catecholamines increase during exercise in response to the intensity and duration of the exercise .

Yet a tradition of urban centres of political power had been clearly established , and the members of the ruling class who were to determine the course of revolution and change came largely from urban backgrounds .
yet a tradition of urban centres of political power had been clearly established , and the members of the ruling class who were to [find out] the course of revolution and change came largely from urban backgrounds .

Choose three varieties of potatoes , carry out a test to determine the differences between baking potatoes in a microwave and a conventional oven .
choose three varieties of potatoes , carry out a test to [find out] the differences between baking potatoes in a microwave and a conventional oven .

Given that the harmonizing measure is to be confined to international transactions , what test is to be applied to determine internationality ? There are at least four possibilities :
given that the harmonizing measure is to be confined to international transactions , what test is to be applied to [find out] internationality ? there are at least four possibilities :

Obviously , the amount you choose to repay each month will determine how long it is going to take you to pay-off any borrowing on your FlexiLoan. but , you can also pay-in a lump sum at any time ( eg. when you receive a bonus from work ) to help reduce the amount outstanding , or to pay it off completely .
obviously , the amount you choose to repay each month will [find out] how long it is going to take you to pay-off any borrowing on your flexiloan. but , you can also pay-in a lump sum at any time ( eg. when you receive a bonus from work ) to help reduce the amount outstanding , or to pay it off completely .

In order that the parent company can maintain individual operational records for each subsidiary and determine which companies are operating most effectively , details of individual balances , and any bank interest they would have attracted , are provided .
in order that the parent company can maintain individual operational records for each subsidiary and [find out] which companies are operating most effectively , details of individual balances , and any bank interest they would have attracted , are provided .

Calvin 's doctrine of election had the consequence that no earthly priesthood could arrogate the authority to determine whether an individual was of the elect .
calvin 's doctrine of election had the consequence that no earthly priesthood could arrogate the authority to [find out] whether an individual was of the elect .

If the object is to determine whether a puritan spirituality was conducive to scientific activity , it would surely be necessary to take into account the far larger body of puritans who were not so enthralled by the book of nature .
if the object is to [find out] whether a puritan spirituality was conducive to scientific activity , it would surely be necessary to take into account the far larger body of puritans who were not so enthralled by the book of nature .

If limitation of inputs is of primary importance , then the birth of calves to coincide with grazing peaks will determine dates .
if limitation of inputs is of primary importance , then the birth of calves to coincide with grazing peaks will [find out] dates .

It is no more than the sum of forces — institutions and markets — which determine who is going to produce what goods and services , on what terms and by what combination of the four major factors of production : land , labour , capital and technology .
it is no more than the sum of forces — institutions and markets — which [find out] who is going to produce what goods and services , on what terms and by what combination of the four major factors of production : land , labour , capital and technology .

For instance , porter 's model implies that national infrastructure and other factors determine national performance .
for instance , porter 's model implies that national infrastructure and other factors [find out] national performance .

Some ten to fifteen years later the French eyewitness accounts were to be corroborated by their erstwhile enemies at the court of enquiry set up to determine the extent and nature of the pillage by the Prussian troops involved in the pursuit .
some ten to fifteen years later the french eyewitness accounts were to be corroborated by their erstwhile enemies at the court of enquiry set up to [find out] the extent and nature of the pillage by the prussian troops involved in the pursuit .

They were ‘ among the first to exploit writing for the purpose of formulating original theoretical knowledge … Knowledge was taken to be the product of an extended logical essay — the output of the repeated application in a single coherent text of the technique of examining an assertion to determine all of its implications .
they were ‘ among the first to exploit writing for the purpose of formulating original theoretical knowledge … knowledge was taken to be the product of an extended logical essay — the output of the repeated application in a single coherent text of the technique of examining an assertion to [find out] all of its implications .

In our society , there are conventions , usually quite clear cut , which determine whether messages are relayed orally or in writing and little choice is possible .
in our society , there are conventions , usually quite clear cut , which [find out] whether messages are relayed orally or in writing and little choice is possible .

‘ The onus is on the care worker to determine the degree of restraint appropriate and when it should be used , ’ says the document .
‘ the onus is on the care worker to [find out] the degree of restraint appropriate and when it should be used , ’ says the document .

Enterprise associations may have constitutions , officers , meetings to determine policy , and so on .
enterprise associations may have constitutions , officers , meetings to [find out] policy , and so on .

Finally , we can see that Oakeshott , while rejecting natural law as a criterion by which to determine the justice of law nevertheless does not accept a purely formal positivist account of law .
finally , we can see that oakeshott , while rejecting natural law as a criterion by which to [find out] the justice of law nevertheless does not accept a purely formal positivist account of law .

Finally , the concept was a formula for expressing the fact that , in our system , ‘ the principles of private law have … been by the action of the Courts and Parliament so extended as to determine the position of the Crown and of its servants ’ .
finally , the concept was a formula for expressing the fact that , in our system , ‘ the principles of private law have … been by the action of the courts and parliament so extended as to [find out] the position of the crown and of its servants ’ .

By administrative law Dicey meant a special body of rules , institutions and procedures which , as with the French system of droit administratif , is established to determine the rights , powers , liabilities , and immunities of public officials and of private individuals in their dealings with public bodies .
by administrative law dicey meant a special body of rules , institutions and procedures which , as with the french system of droit administratif , is established to [find out] the rights , powers , liabilities , and immunities of public officials and of private individuals in their dealings with public bodies .

He argued that , although courts of law exist to determine rights and departments of state are charged with the implementation of policy , court judgments can be viewed as the expressions of judicial conceptions of social policy and departmental policies do not in general ignore the issue of private rights .
he argued that , although courts of law exist to [find out] rights and departments of state are charged with the implementation of policy , court judgments can be viewed as the expressions of judicial conceptions of social policy and departmental policies do not in general ignore the issue of private rights .

Dicey believed that the constitution was based on principles of private law , which had been extended to determine the position of the Crown .
dicey believed that the constitution was based on principles of private law , which had been extended to [find out] the position of the crown .

If the problem of halitosis persists , a visit to the doctor is necessary to determine the cause .
if the problem of halitosis persists , a visit to the doctor is necessary to [find out] the cause .

Each member of the Computer Group should access their ‘ reader file ’ regularly to determine if a problem has been assigned .
each member of the computer group should access their ‘ reader file ’ regularly to [find out] if a problem has been assigned .

The principle and practice of the programme were assessed to determine whether screening was helpful from the perspectives of both families and health professionals .
the principle and practice of the programme were assessed to [find out] whether screening was helpful from the perspectives of both families and health professionals .

Within each topic heading the listed answers were then further coded to determine groupings of like answers .
within each topic heading the listed answers were then further coded to [find out] groupings of like answers .

He emphasised the ineffectiveness of many health care activities and the importance of evaluation to determine which of them benefited health .
he emphasised the ineffectiveness of many health care activities and the importance of evaluation to [find out] which of them benefited health .

Mathematical modelling can determine theoretically ideal laser variables for treating port wine stains .
mathematical modelling can [find out] theoretically ideal laser variables for treating port wine stains .

The Delegates meet at intervals to determine policy , in particular publishing policy in the academic field .
the delegates meet at intervals to [find out] policy , in particular publishing policy in the academic field .

So far we have suggested that , in analysing the performance of individuals at work , there is a series of rational decisions which determine how much effort an individual will give for a level of performance and reward .
so far we have suggested that , in analysing the performance of individuals at work , there is a series of rational decisions which [find out] how much effort an individual will give for a level of performance and reward .

We begin interactions with an implicit assumption that other people determine and control their behaviour .
we begin interactions with an implicit assumption that other people [find out] and control their behaviour .

These determine the effectiveness of individuals in affecting others , i.e .
these [find out] the effectiveness of individuals in affecting others , i.e .

To a great extent , tasks determine group size in work organizations .
to a great extent , tasks [find out] group size in work organizations .

Any study of endometriosis is potentially biased because operative intervention ( laparoscopy or laparotomy ) is necessary to diagnose the condition , and selective factors may determine who has surgery .
any study of endometriosis is potentially biased because operative intervention ( laparoscopy or laparotomy ) is necessary to diagnose the condition , and selective factors may [find out] who has surgery .

To determine the opinions , attitudes , and requirements of consultants responsible for preregistration house officers in the light of the General Medical Council 's Recommendations on General Clinical Training .
to [find out] the opinions , attitudes , and requirements of consultants responsible for preregistration house officers in the light of the general medical council 's recommendations on general clinical training .

Too many jobs are at stake , and the safety net service that the municipal hospitals provide , without financial triage to determine whether the patient can pay , is too important for politicians to stay out of the kitchen .
too many jobs are at stake , and the safety net service that the municipal hospitals provide , without financial triage to [find out] whether the patient can pay , is too important for politicians to stay out of the kitchen .

determine which sub-systems , programs etc. are likely to be involved in any change
[find out] which sub-systems , programs etc. are likely to be involved in any change

determine the priority to be given to the proposed change at the next Change Review Meeting and enter this on the Change Review Form
[find out] the priority to be given to the proposed change at the next change review meeting and enter this on the change review form

Furthermore , the Democratic members of the House Ways and Means Committee lost the power to determine committee assignments for their party .
furthermore , the democratic members of the house ways and means committee lost the power to [find out] committee assignments for their party .

To reappraise the epidemiological findings reported by the Black Advisory Group concerning a possible excess of malignant disease , particularly of childhood acute lymphoid leukaemia and non-Hodgkin 's lymphomas , in the vicinity of the Sellafield nuclear installation , and to determine whether any excess of malignant disease had occurred among people aged 0–24 years in the area in the years after the Black report — that is , from 1984 to 1990 .
to reappraise the epidemiological findings reported by the black advisory group concerning a possible excess of malignant disease , particularly of childhood acute lymphoid leukaemia and non-hodgkin 's lymphomas , in the vicinity of the sellafield nuclear installation , and to [find out] whether any excess of malignant disease had occurred among people aged 0–24 years in the area in the years after the black report — that is , from 1984 to 1990 .

On the other hand , comparisons with national data may be less relevant in that there may be broad geographical variations either in incidence or in case ascertainment that would make it difficult to determine whether an increase in Seascale or Allerdale and Copeland was a local effect ( and hence possibly related to Sellafield ) or whether it affected the whole of Cumbria .
on the other hand , comparisons with national data may be less relevant in that there may be broad geographical variations either in incidence or in case ascertainment that would make it difficult to [find out] whether an increase in seascale or allerdale and copeland was a local effect ( and hence possibly related to sellafield ) or whether it affected the whole of cumbria .

If we consider the independence of the Judiciary , the Supreme Court has the right to determine the constitutionality of all legislation .
if we consider the independence of the judiciary , the supreme court has the right to [find out] the constitutionality of all legislation .

Such requests will also determine the running of associated secondary ( security ) processes .
such requests will also [find out] the running of associated secondary ( security ) processes .

In this way it is possible to determine which entries are being worked on , which have been examined , which approved , and which discarded as obsolete by lexicographers .
in this way it is possible to [find out] which entries are being worked on , which have been examined , which approved , and which discarded as obsolete by lexicographers .

From these values an attempt is made to determine a ‘ fair share ’ value for each lexicographer .
from these values an attempt is made to [find out] a ‘ fair share ’ value for each lexicographer .

This value is used to determine the order in which the processor is allocated to each machine .
this value is used to [find out] the order in which the processor is allocated to each machine .

Each beetle carries two factors ( or genes ) that determine the colour of its eyes .
each beetle carries two factors ( or genes ) that [find out] the colour of its eyes .

It is often not difficult to determine that relationship , but the point about it is that it is not but must be figured out by every reader .
it is often not difficult to [find out] that relationship , but the point about it is that it is not but must be figured out by every reader .

Even then there were some books for which not even the critical number was enough , and nothing less than the whole text had to be sampled to determine its average readability .
even then there were some books for which not even the critical number was enough , and nothing less than the whole text had to be sampled to [find out] its average readability .

The richness and variety of the reader 's own schemata , and the extent to which ( in a particular case ) the author and reader share a similar schema , will determine what is understood , what is inferred , and , to a great extent , what is learned .
the richness and variety of the reader 's own schemata , and the extent to which ( in a particular case ) the author and reader share a similar schema , will [find out] what is understood , what is inferred , and , to a great extent , what is learned .

The general questions which all these researchers address are : how are text built up , and how does their structure determine what a reader is able to comprehend and recall ? Research work carried out in linguistics is generally more descriptive than practical in terms of classroom applications , but Chapman ( 1983 ) provides a useful account of the educational relevance of work in linguistics , giving special emphasis to the concept of cohesion in texts .
the general questions which all these researchers address are : how are text built up , and how does their structure [find out] what a reader is able to comprehend and recall ? research work carried out in linguistics is generally more descriptive than practical in terms of classroom applications , but chapman ( 1983 ) provides a useful account of the educational relevance of work in linguistics , giving special emphasis to the concept of cohesion in texts .

The products often disappoint : the criteria for evaluation both of product and of teaching are hard to determine .
the products often disappoint : the criteria for evaluation both of product and of teaching are hard to [find out] .

The way in which learning to read is experienced by the child will determine how he will view learning in general , how he will conceive of himself as a person . ``
the way in which learning to read is experienced by the child will [find out] how he will view learning in general , how he will conceive of himself as a person . ``

This chapter will attempt to determine some of the reasons for this state of affairs and then will go on to suggest ways in which teachers can overcome these problems .
this chapter will attempt to [find out] some of the reasons for this state of affairs and then will go on to suggest ways in which teachers can overcome these problems .

This character ( we will call him Samson ) may have a set of attributes such as wisdom , strength , dexterity and charisma , that determine his chances of success in a variety of nailbiting situations .
this character ( we will call him samson ) may have a set of attributes such as wisdom , strength , dexterity and charisma , that [find out] his chances of success in a variety of nailbiting situations .

`` As far as we can determine there were three men , two with clubs who did the beating and one other , `` Tom Rooney said quietly . ``
`` as far as we can [find out] there were three men , two with clubs who did the beating and one other , `` tom rooney said quietly . ``

Is it the will of those most directly affected , the local community , which should determine the outcome , or the will of the nation as a whole , as expressed through the decisions of Parliament ?
is it the will of those most directly affected , the local community , which should [find out] the outcome , or the will of the nation as a whole , as expressed through the decisions of parliament ?

To those who possess this kind of power to influence or even determine political outcomes , the possession of the single individual vote must seem by comparison a trivial and irrelevant form of political participation .
to those who possess this kind of power to influence or even [find out] political outcomes , the possession of the single individual vote must seem by comparison a trivial and irrelevant form of political participation .

Not only does the epidermis secrete the greater part of the cuticle but it also produces the moulting fluid ( Bade and Wyatt , 1962 ; Jeuniaux , 1963 ) , which dissolves the old endocuticle before the immature insect moults ( p. 361 ) , it absorbs the digestion products of the old cuticle , repairs wounds and differentiates in such a way as to determine the surface patterns of the insect ( Wigglesworth , 1959 ; Lawrence , 1967 ) .
not only does the epidermis secrete the greater part of the cuticle but it also produces the moulting fluid ( bade and wyatt , 1962 ; jeuniaux , 1963 ) , which dissolves the old endocuticle before the immature insect moults ( p. 361 ) , it absorbs the digestion products of the old cuticle , repairs wounds and differentiates in such a way as to [find out] the surface patterns of the insect ( wigglesworth , 1959 ; lawrence , 1967 ) .

However , `` the digital information can be easily altered , and there may be no permanent record as trustworthy as an original negative to determine what the image looked like when the film was first exposed `` .
however , `` the digital information can be easily altered , and there may be no permanent record as trustworthy as an original negative to [find out] what the image looked like when the film was first exposed `` .

It is not always easy to describe conventions and to determine their force and strength .
it is not always easy to describe conventions and to [find out] their force and strength .

Lord Morris said that just as it was for Parliament to lay down the procedures to be followed for the passing of legislation , so it was for Parliament to determine whether these procedures had been followed .
lord morris said that just as it was for parliament to lay down the procedures to be followed for the passing of legislation , so it was for parliament to [find out] whether these procedures had been followed .

The state also has authority to determine disputes which arise out of the operation of its laws .
the state also has authority to [find out] disputes which arise out of the operation of its laws .

No clear principles determine the allocation of disputes to these bodies although the greater the element of discretion and the more important the policy considerations , the less likely it is for the courts to take on the new area of responsibility .
no clear principles [find out] the allocation of disputes to these bodies although the greater the element of discretion and the more important the policy considerations , the less likely it is for the courts to take on the new area of responsibility .

Yet it has proved necessary to attempt this task to determine the appropriate checks and balances in the system .
yet it has proved necessary to attempt this task to [find out] the appropriate checks and balances in the system .

It is for the cabinet to determine the policies to be submitted to Parliament , to determine the content and priorities of legislative proposals , and to ensure that the relevant policies are carried out .
it is for the cabinet to [find out] the policies to be submitted to parliament , to [find out] the content and priorities of legislative proposals , and to ensure that the relevant policies are carried out .

( b ) As chairman of the cabinet , he can to a large extent determine the nature of discussions within cabinet .
( b ) as chairman of the cabinet , he can to a large extent [find out] the nature of discussions within cabinet .

Parliament 's right to determine its own composition
parliament 's right to [find out] its own composition

The Commons can determine the result of disputed elections .
the commons can [find out] the result of disputed elections .

Parliament has the right to determine whether members are legally disqualified .
parliament has the right to [find out] whether members are legally disqualified .

His main duties are : ( a ) To determine if the suspect 's detention is valid .
his main duties are : ( a ) to [find out] if the suspect 's detention is valid .

( b ) To determine whether there is sufficient evidence to charge him ( s.37 ( 1 ) and Code Para .
( b ) to [find out] whether there is sufficient evidence to charge him ( s.37 ( 1 ) and code para .

The chairman alone has the power to determine the nature of the punishment .
the chairman alone has the power to [find out] the nature of the punishment .

Sometimes it is impossible to determine the purpose and no intervention is possible on this ground as , for example , in British Oxygen Co .
sometimes it is impossible to [find out] the purpose and no intervention is possible on this ground as , for example , in british oxygen co .

The domestic water supply should be checked to determine whether it requires additional treatment before use .
the domestic water supply should be checked to [find out] whether it requires additional treatment before use .

By checking female mice for the presence of a plug it is possible to determine whether the animal has mated .
by checking female mice for the presence of a plug it is possible to [find out] whether the animal has mated .

The effective dose varies with so many factors that a control group of the same strain , age , sex and weight should be anaesthetized prior to the experimental animals to determine the correct dose .
the effective dose varies with so many factors that a control group of the same strain , age , sex and weight should be anaesthetized prior to the experimental animals to [find out] the correct dose .

( iv ) Determine the position and developmental fate of fluorescein-latex-labelled cells within blastocysts following a cell lineage experiment by three alternative methods .
( iv ) [find out] the position and developmental fate of fluorescein-latex-labelled cells within blastocysts following a cell lineage experiment by three alternative methods .

In order to determine the cause of the patient 's problem it is usual for the doctor to send the laboratory pre and post-operatively for the measurement of electrolyte concentrations .
in order to [find out] the cause of the patient 's problem it is usual for the doctor to send the laboratory pre and post-operatively for the measurement of electrolyte concentrations .

( 3 ) It is difficult to determine the precise relationship between actors ' aims , objectives , philosophies or perspectives on the one hand , and their activities vis-a-vis the project on the other : did the project " work " because of receptive , supportive or innovative minds , or did the project cause the development of particular frames of mind ?
( 3 ) it is difficult to [find out] the precise relationship between actors ' aims , objectives , philosophies or perspectives on the one hand , and their activities vis-a-vis the project on the other : did the project " work " because of receptive , supportive or innovative minds , or did the project cause the development of particular frames of mind ?

As noted in pp 30–31 , the life of this committee is not easy to chart for a number of reasons , and this has made it difficult to determine precisely what has been achieved and to what extent this is attributable to the project .
as noted in pp 30–31 , the life of this committee is not easy to chart for a number of reasons , and this has made it difficult to [find out] precisely what has been achieved and to what extent this is attributable to the project .

While project money spent on fiction and topical non-fiction may have encouraged this use , we were unable to determine the degree to which this was so .
while project money spent on fiction and topical non-fiction may have encouraged this use , we were unable to [find out] the degree to which this was so .

As indicated earlier , the project does not seem to have built in as strong a mechanism for evaluation as it might , and it is not easy to determine the degree to which the project philosophy is alive and well in the project schools of three or four years ago .
as indicated earlier , the project does not seem to have built in as strong a mechanism for evaluation as it might , and it is not easy to [find out] the degree to which the project philosophy is alive and well in the project schools of three or four years ago .

Information on the home addresses of nursing personnel should be utilised to determine the numbers travelling from each of the centres of population in the catchment area .
information on the home addresses of nursing personnel should be utilised to [find out] the numbers travelling from each of the centres of population in the catchment area .

For example , the director of nursing may devise the system for allocating annual leave but the ward sister may determine who will actually be given holiday at any particular time .
for example , the director of nursing may devise the system for allocating annual leave but the ward sister may [find out] who will actually be given holiday at any particular time .

It is one thing to determine that better use could be made of staff , it is another to change the existing situation .
it is one thing to [find out] that better use could be made of staff , it is another to change the existing situation .

The first consideration facing the most senior manager in the Authority is to determine the most equitable distribution of this budget between the units of management delivering nursing care .
the first consideration facing the most senior manager in the authority is to [find out] the most equitable distribution of this budget between the units of management delivering nursing care .

Action taken to determine the desired nursing establishment levels should indicate the optimum manpower profile for each ward and unit .
action taken to [find out] the desired nursing establishment levels should indicate the optimum manpower profile for each ward and unit .

To date , there are no acknowledged `` systems ' which can be used reliably to determine skill mix .
to date , there are no acknowledged `` systems ' which can be used reliably to [find out] skill mix .

It will also provide part of the basis upon which to determine post-registration education activity .
it will also provide part of the basis upon which to [find out] post-registration education activity .

Managers determine staff numbers required possessing additional skills fur the unit .
managers [find out] staff numbers required possessing additional skills fur the unit .

Determine how skills can be obtained and take executive action either to recruit or to develop existing staff .
[find out] how skills can be obtained and take executive action either to recruit or to develop existing staff .

Is the information used centrally to determine the proportions of staff which should be on duty at any particular time of day ?
is the information used centrally to [find out] the proportions of staff which should be on duty at any particular time of day ?

In arriving at the correct mix of full-time to part-time staff the objective should be to determine the best fit between the staff required and the staff available .
in arriving at the correct mix of full-time to part-time staff the objective should be to [find out] the best fit between the staff required and the staff available .

Almost all staff , given the opportunity , will behave responsibly if allowed to determine when they should come and go off duty .
almost all staff , given the opportunity , will behave responsibly if allowed to [find out] when they should come and go off duty .

The manager should match output from the education department with vacancies arising to determine the number of posts which will remain unfilled or the shortfall of posts against demand .
the manager should match output from the education department with vacancies arising to [find out] the number of posts which will remain unfilled or the shortfall of posts against demand .

Certain senior officers and all officers paid more than £19,500 per annum ( or such higher amount as regulations may determine ) are now classified as holding ‘ politically restricted posts ’ and are disqualified from becoming a member of any local authority ( Local Government and Housing Act 1989 : clauses 1 and 2 ) .
certain senior officers and all officers paid more than £19,500 per annum ( or such higher amount as regulations may [find out] ) are now classified as holding ‘ politically restricted posts ’ and are disqualified from becoming a member of any local authority ( local government and housing act 1989 : clauses 1 and 2 ) .

‘ The context in which a film is viewed can determine much of an audience 's response , ’ Donal Sheehan adds , ‘ lesbian and gay film making is often aimed specifically at a lesbian and gay audience and is most effective when viewed in that context . ’
‘ the context in which a film is viewed can [find out] much of an audience 's response , ’ donal sheehan adds , ‘ lesbian and gay film making is often aimed specifically at a lesbian and gay audience and is most effective when viewed in that context . ’

When individuals , through socialisation , accept the rules and expectations of their society that make up its culture and use them to determine how they should act , we say they have internalised society 's cultural rules .
when individuals , through socialisation , accept the rules and expectations of their society that make up its culture and use them to [find out] how they should act , we say they have internalised society 's cultural rules .

That is , it totally fails to consider the persistence of power through property ownership ; moreover , its conception of the labour market ignores those factors which determine whether or not one 's skills are perceived as marketable , and whether some groups , for example the professions , have the power to establish the view that their particular skills are valuable .
that is , it totally fails to consider the persistence of power through property ownership ; moreover , its conception of the labour market ignores those factors which [find out] whether or not one 's skills are perceived as marketable , and whether some groups , for example the professions , have the power to establish the view that their particular skills are valuable .

There was some friction in their relationship beneath the surface , since MacArthur wished to determine the nature of a peace treaty and for purposes of formal ratification of a treaty the circumstances in which a peace conference met ; it was his intention that a conference should be held in Tokyo under his own chairmanship .
there was some friction in their relationship beneath the surface , since macarthur wished to [find out] the nature of a peace treaty and for purposes of formal ratification of a treaty the circumstances in which a peace conference met ; it was his intention that a conference should be held in tokyo under his own chairmanship .

It was essential to determine future American policy over Japan and to be clear as to the American commitment to Japan .
it was essential to [find out] future american policy over japan and to be clear as to the american commitment to japan .

Global warming or any of the thousand other worries that come under the environmental heading may or may not have a sound scientific basis , but subjective judgement is still required to determine what priority to give them , and what rules , actions and expenditure are justified to relieve them .
global warming or any of the thousand other worries that come under the environmental heading may or may not have a sound scientific basis , but subjective judgement is still required to [find out] what priority to give them , and what rules , actions and expenditure are justified to relieve them .

Only a pilot project , he insists , will determine whether or not the technology lives up to suppliers ' promises .
only a pilot project , he insists , will [find out] whether or not the technology lives up to suppliers ' promises .

This eighteenth-century controversy may be insoluble as it is so difficult to determine the extent of rural inoculation , and the proportion of deaths attributable to smallpox in country areas .
this eighteenth-century controversy may be insoluble as it is so difficult to [find out] the extent of rural inoculation , and the proportion of deaths attributable to smallpox in country areas .

The desire for children may determine the timing of marriage , rather than the desire for marriage determining the arrival of children .
the desire for children may [find out] the timing of marriage , rather than the desire for marriage determining the arrival of children .

The cohort studies underline how far qualifications , ability , and family history determine the age at which childbearing starts ( Kiernan and Diamond 1982 ) .
the cohort studies underline how far qualifications , ability , and family history [find out] the age at which childbearing starts ( kiernan and diamond 1982 ) .

Prescriptives offers specialist one-to-one services , starting with Colourprinting to determine the exact shade for a customer 's complexion .
prescriptives offers specialist one-to-one services , starting with colourprinting to [find out] the exact shade for a customer 's complexion .

Realism aims to ‘ detect and understand the forces that determine political relations among nations , and to comprehend the ways in which these forces act upon each other and upon international political relations ’ .
realism aims to ‘ detect and understand the forces that [find out] political relations among nations , and to comprehend the ways in which these forces act upon each other and upon international political relations ’ .

Individuals ' purposes do not determine their forms of life : their forms of life determine their purposes .
individuals ' purposes do not [find out] their forms of life : their forms of life [find out] their purposes .

This is even stronger than saying that the dynamics of the system determine the behaviour of the units , as causes determine their effects , because ‘ functional ’ presumably implies something about the purpose of the states ' behaviour in achieving equilibrium , thus going beyond mere causal determination .
this is even stronger than saying that the dynamics of the system [find out] the behaviour of the units , as causes [find out] their effects , because ‘ functional ’ presumably implies something about the purpose of the states ' behaviour in achieving equilibrium , thus going beyond mere causal determination .

One can also ask whether bureaucracies determine the behaviour of the men and women who take part in the process of decision or whether these human individuals determine , among other things , the behaviour of the bureaucracies to which they belong .
one can also ask whether bureaucracies [find out] the behaviour of the men and women who take part in the process of decision or whether these human individuals [find out] , among other things , the behaviour of the bureaucracies to which they belong .

Again and again , such prophecies dictate and determine his decisions , his attitudes , his course of action .
again and again , such prophecies dictate and [find out] his decisions , his attitudes , his course of action .

On the other hand , once estimated , the known user total still represents only a proportion of the total user population and , thus , a multiplier factor is needed , that is to say , a ratio of unknown to known heroin use , in order to determine the size of the total heroin user population ( Hartnoll et al .
on the other hand , once estimated , the known user total still represents only a proportion of the total user population and , thus , a multiplier factor is needed , that is to say , a ratio of unknown to known heroin use , in order to [find out] the size of the total heroin user population ( hartnoll et al .

The second , printed on the reverse of the first , is a Certificate either that service was effected on a stated date or that service has proved impossible for stated reasons ; the Certificate will be tendered in proof of service in any proceedings in the state of origin , and the law of that state will determine whether its contents can be challenged or whether the absence or incomplete nature of the Certificate is fatal .
the second , printed on the reverse of the first , is a certificate either that service was effected on a stated date or that service has proved impossible for stated reasons ; the certificate will be tendered in proof of service in any proceedings in the state of origin , and the law of that state will [find out] whether its contents can be challenged or whether the absence or incomplete nature of the certificate is fatal .

Although the 1965 Convention was designed to replace the relevant Articles of the 1954 text , supplementary agreements between parties to the earlier Convention are continued in respect of the new Convention unless the parties otherwise determine .
although the 1965 convention was designed to replace the relevant articles of the 1954 text , supplementary agreements between parties to the earlier convention are continued in respect of the new convention unless the parties otherwise [find out] .

Meanwhile the Bustamente Code of 1928 contained similar provisions , dealing additionally with the power of the judges issuing and receiving letters rogatory to determine questions as to the jurisdiction they were asked to exercise .
meanwhile the bustamente code of 1928 contained similar provisions , dealing additionally with the power of the judges issuing and receiving letters rogatory to [find out] questions as to the jurisdiction they were asked to exercise .

It is , of course , for the requested State to determine whether the special method is impractical or impossible of performance .
it is , of course , for the requested state to [find out] whether the special method is impractical or impossible of performance .

The United States filed a brief denying the supposedly exclusive character of the Convention , but urging that principles of comity should be applied to determine whether an order should be made under the Federal Rules when the foreign country had unequivocally stated that it regarded such an order as a violation of its sovereignty ; and argued that a District Court could in any event not order the taking of depositions in Germany without compliance with the procedures prescribed by the German authorities ( in this case , those of the Convention ) .
the united states filed a brief denying the supposedly exclusive character of the convention , but urging that principles of comity should be applied to [find out] whether an order should be made under the federal rules when the foreign country had unequivocally stated that it regarded such an order as a violation of its sovereignty ; and argued that a district court could in any event not order the taking of depositions in germany without compliance with the procedures prescribed by the german authorities ( in this case , those of the convention ) .

The study of the survival of those with a specific disease is important because survival rates combined with incidence rates determine the prevalence rate .
the study of the survival of those with a specific disease is important because survival rates combined with incidence rates [find out] the prevalence rate .

There are a number of different scales available to determine the prevalence of depression within different populations .
there are a number of different scales available to [find out] the prevalence of depression within different populations .

However , it is impossible to determine how this pattern is influenced by the known under-reporting of suicides .
however , it is impossible to [find out] how this pattern is influenced by the known under-reporting of suicides .

According to the feedback model , the hypotheses of the controllers about football fans , and of the football fans about the mentality of the controllers , will determine the direction and intensity of the amplification process .
according to the feedback model , the hypotheses of the controllers about football fans , and of the football fans about the mentality of the controllers , will [find out] the direction and intensity of the amplification process .

Rules of interpretation , in attaching meaning to situations and their constituents , determine which prescriptive rules are applicable .
rules of interpretation , in attaching meaning to situations and their constituents , [find out] which prescriptive rules are applicable .

Whether society has the right to determine its own morality is a debate which has raged for some time .
whether society has the right to [find out] its own morality is a debate which has raged for some time .

In truth , the loss is difficult to determine .
in truth , the loss is difficult to [find out] .

Economics should only be used to indicate potential costs and not , of itself , to determine policy choices ; for more often than not economic arguments neglect to take into account the totality of the costs involved .
economics should only be used to indicate potential costs and not , of itself , to [find out] policy choices ; for more often than not economic arguments neglect to take into account the totality of the costs involved .

To determine whether variations in the expression of tumour related antigens can predict the origin of tumours .
to [find out] whether variations in the expression of tumour related antigens can predict the origin of tumours .

We examined the immunoreactivity of a large range of tumour marker antisera in a series of adenocarcinomas and their respective metastases to determine whether patterns of reactivity could help identify the primary sites of metastases and to assess the clinical value of this system as a routine method of investigation .
we examined the immunoreactivity of a large range of tumour marker antisera in a series of adenocarcinomas and their respective metastases to [find out] whether patterns of reactivity could help identify the primary sites of metastases and to assess the clinical value of this system as a routine method of investigation .

Knowledge of the immunohistological profile of a metastatic tumour can be used to determine which patients should receive additional investigations .
knowledge of the immunohistological profile of a metastatic tumour can be used to [find out] which patients should receive additional investigations .

We studied 101 family members of 47 non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects to determine the relation of birth weight with β cell function and insulin sensitivity in adult life .
we studied 101 family members of 47 non-insulin dependent diabetic subjects to [find out] the relation of birth weight with β cell function and insulin sensitivity in adult life .

The distribution was used to determine the appropriate centile group for each subject .
the distribution was used to [find out] the appropriate centile group for each subject .

In the second , medical advisers have acted as diagnosticians to determine the needs and concerns of each practice and to identify those where prescribing is an issue ; pharmaceutical advisers then visit and offer help .
in the second , medical advisers have acted as diagnosticians to [find out] the needs and concerns of each practice and to identify those where prescribing is an issue ; pharmaceutical advisers then visit and offer help .

Professional advisers can help general practitioners to determine their requirements for prescribing at the primary and secondary care interface and ensure that purchasers include these criteria in contracts .
professional advisers can help general practitioners to [find out] their requirements for prescribing at the primary and secondary care interface and ensure that purchasers include these criteria in contracts .

An important immediate issue is to confirm whether paramyxovirus sequences can consistently be isolated from pagetic tissue and , if so , to determine whether their presence is disease specific .
an important immediate issue is to confirm whether paramyxovirus sequences can consistently be isolated from pagetic tissue and , if so , to [find out] whether their presence is disease specific .

Harding ( 1986 ) argues that since scientific knowledge ( the epistemological paradigm ) is in any case used for social ends , social aims should determine the formulation of scientific or epistemological problems .
harding ( 1986 ) argues that since scientific knowledge ( the epistemological paradigm ) is in any case used for social ends , social aims should [find out] the formulation of scientific or epistemological problems .

This , which may also be called the socio-biological or ‘ geneticist ’ thesis , asserts that innate biological factors determine a person 's morality .
this , which may also be called the socio-biological or ‘ geneticist ’ thesis , asserts that innate biological factors [find out] a person 's morality .

This is the thesis that it is social or cultural factors that determine a person 's moral view-factors such as environment , upbringing and social context .
this is the thesis that it is social or cultural factors that [find out] a person 's moral view-factors such as environment , upbringing and social context .

You 'll need to determine their overall height and depth , then work out from that individual riser heights and tread depths , bearing in mind the materials you can use to suit the rest of your garden and house .
you 'll need to [find out] their overall height and depth , then work out from that individual riser heights and tread depths , bearing in mind the materials you can use to suit the rest of your garden and house .

When market forces alone are allowed to determine the exchange value of currencies , a free-floating exchange rate system is said to exist .
when market forces alone are allowed to [find out] the exchange value of currencies , a free-floating exchange rate system is said to exist .

It is simply demand and supply pressures which determine the appropriate exchange rate for each currency .
it is simply demand and supply pressures which [find out] the appropriate exchange rate for each currency .

For quite a long time the prevailing view among economists had been that money does not affect the relative prices of commodities , but that it does determine the overall price level .
for quite a long time the prevailing view among economists had been that money does not affect the relative prices of commodities , but that it does [find out] the overall price level .

The quantity theory reflected the view of economists prior to the 1930s that changes in the quantity of money in existence do not have a permanent effect on the real sector of the economy ( that is on , output and employment levels ) , but do determine the general price level .
the quantity theory reflected the view of economists prior to the 1930s that changes in the quantity of money in existence do not have a permanent effect on the real sector of the economy ( that is on , output and employment levels ) , but do [find out] the general price level .

It should be realized that this change of tactics in the gilt-edged market is consistent with the objective of greater competitiveness since it allowed greater freedom for market forces to determine prices , and therefore yields , on government stock and close substitutes .
it should be realized that this change of tactics in the gilt-edged market is consistent with the objective of greater competitiveness since it allowed greater freedom for market forces to [find out] prices , and therefore yields , on government stock and close substitutes .

Not only does economic change ultimately determine social policy change , but also , she suggests , there are particular features of capitalism and the labour market within it that are dependent on the promotion of a particular ideology about women .
not only does economic change ultimately [find out] social policy change , but also , she suggests , there are particular features of capitalism and the labour market within it that are dependent on the promotion of a particular ideology about women .

The first was the importance of man 's biological base , that is , that man belongs to a species which has to survive in a material environment , and that he has certain innate drives or instincts which affect his behaviour , although they do not determine it .
the first was the importance of man 's biological base , that is , that man belongs to a species which has to survive in a material environment , and that he has certain innate drives or instincts which affect his behaviour , although they do not [find out] it .

Two : determine whether the well-done thing was worth doing at all .
two : [find out] whether the well-done thing was worth doing at all .

The inspector has delegated powers to determine the appeal .
the inspector has delegated powers to [find out] the appeal .

Mr Justice Latham adjourned sentence on Allitt until May 28 , saying it was vital the public heard in court from the Regional Health Authority and the Department of Health ‘ what consideration has been , is being and will be given to determine what these lessons should be and how they should be put into effect . ’
mr justice latham adjourned sentence on allitt until may 28 , saying it was vital the public heard in court from the regional health authority and the department of health ‘ what consideration has been , is being and will be given to [find out] what these lessons should be and how they should be put into effect . ’

The aim was to determine the condition of bindings and assess the effectiveness of past preservation policy , to measure the demand for present and future binding-related conservation work , and to identify areas from which material in need of remedial treatment should be taken .
the aim was to [find out] the condition of bindings and assess the effectiveness of past preservation policy , to measure the demand for present and future binding-related conservation work , and to identify areas from which material in need of remedial treatment should be taken .

Enjoy your own and your Company 's successes , after all change starts with you and individuals determine their career paths and this is nowhere more evident than in our businesses .
enjoy your own and your company 's successes , after all change starts with you and individuals [find out] their career paths and this is nowhere more evident than in our businesses .

The operators work with agency personnel to determine an appropriate response that protects both bears and people , particularly as polar bears are known to stalk and kill humans .
the operators work with agency personnel to [find out] an appropriate response that protects both bears and people , particularly as polar bears are known to stalk and kill humans .

Well data is currently being reviewed by the asset to determine the reservoir potential and to establish water injection and production options .
well data is currently being reviewed by the asset to [find out] the reservoir potential and to establish water injection and production options .

The aim of the study was to determine how to ‘ drill fast , improve bit life and eliminate the drillstring vibrations , ’ Fear says .
the aim of the study was to [find out] how to ‘ drill fast , improve bit life and eliminate the drillstring vibrations , ’ fear says .

‘ Normally , the well would be drilled through the reservoir , and then tested to determine its flow rate — you take what you get .
‘ normally , the well would be drilled through the reservoir , and then tested to [find out] its flow rate — you take what you get .

‘ The new awards will not determine fixed courses of study — they actually reflect the recognition which some programmes of modules have gained .
‘ the new awards will not [find out] fixed courses of study — they actually reflect the recognition which some programmes of modules have gained .

Analysing occupations to determine key functions and related occupational standards .
analysing occupations to [find out] key functions and related occupational standards .

The proximate cause of the damage must be established to determine whether it is appropriate to deal with the matter as a burst pipe or whether it is a subsidence claim and the subsidence excess should be applied .
the proximate cause of the damage must be established to [find out] whether it is appropriate to deal with the matter as a burst pipe or whether it is a subsidence claim and the subsidence excess should be applied .

However , in some cases it is not possible to determine the cause without costly excavation and it may be more economical to re-lay the pipes .
however , in some cases it is not possible to [find out] the cause without costly excavation and it may be more economical to re-lay the pipes .

It is not always possible to determine at time of intimation whether a carpet will clean satisfactorily or whether it requires to be replaced .
it is not always possible to [find out] at time of intimation whether a carpet will clean satisfactorily or whether it requires to be replaced .

The answers to these questions will help to determine what decision should be reached .
the answers to these questions will help to [find out] what decision should be reached .

The question whether the clause is applicable in any situation involving a Comprehensive Policy with an excess is determined by the amount of excess ’ which applies at the time of the accident e.g. in the case of a vehicle being driven by a young and/or inexperienced driver where an excess applies in addition to a general excess , the product of the two excesses will determine whether the clause should apply .
the question whether the clause is applicable in any situation involving a comprehensive policy with an excess is determined by the amount of excess ’ which applies at the time of the accident e.g. in the case of a vehicle being driven by a young and/or inexperienced driver where an excess applies in addition to a general excess , the product of the two excesses will [find out] whether the clause should apply .

court had discretion to order defence to be struck out unless defendant underwent medical examination to determine whether he was capable of remembering the accident where he was the only witness for his pleaded defence .
court had discretion to order defence to be struck out unless defendant underwent medical examination to [find out] whether he was capable of remembering the accident where he was the only witness for his pleaded defence .

to determine the liability of the owner of a dog under the animals act 1971 a dog must be compared with other dogs of the same breed and not with dogs generally .
to [find out] the liability of the owner of a dog under the animals act 1971 a dog must be compared with other dogs of the same breed and not with dogs generally .

The most simple value to ascertain is usually the current replacement cost and taking this figure as a start point , the following should be used in order to determine liability :
the most simple value to ascertain is usually the current replacement cost and taking this figure as a start point , the following should be used in order to [find out] liability :

The answers to these questions will help to determine what decision should be reached .
the answers to these questions will help to [find out] what decision should be reached .

In the event of the Board terminating your appointment other than in circumstances of gross misconduct on your part or wilful neglect by you of your duties then the Board may in its discretion determine to pay you compensation in respect of that termination .
in the event of the board terminating your appointment other than in circumstances of gross misconduct on your part or wilful neglect by you of your duties then the board may in its discretion [find out] to pay you compensation in respect of that termination .

Scientific analysis of the stone is required to determine , for example , the geological make-up , mortar recipe or contaminating salt content , and careful work may be necessary to pin cracked stones together with non-rusting phosphor bronze dowels .
scientific analysis of the stone is required to [find out] , for example , the geological make-up , mortar recipe or contaminating salt content , and careful work may be necessary to pin cracked stones together with non-rusting phosphor bronze dowels .

Biologists may be able to determine the shape of molecules made up of amino acid chains , thereby predicting the effect of drugs before such drugs even exist .
biologists may be able to [find out] the shape of molecules made up of amino acid chains , thereby predicting the effect of drugs before such drugs even exist .

The limitations of a questionnaire make it impossible to determine the extent to which visits to the classroom were part of a planned health education programme and whether they were reactive or proactive visits .
the limitations of a questionnaire make it impossible to [find out] the extent to which visits to the classroom were part of a planned health education programme and whether they were reactive or proactive visits .

The organisation has developed an assessment package which enables members to determine their quality positioning against internationally recognised role models and it runs common interest working parties where member companies can work together solving problems of quality progression and sharing knowledge and experience over such issues as benchmarking and the cost of non-conformance with quality .
the organisation has developed an assessment package which enables members to [find out] their quality positioning against internationally recognised role models and it runs common interest working parties where member companies can work together solving problems of quality progression and sharing knowledge and experience over such issues as benchmarking and the cost of non-conformance with quality .

This served to identify the criteria important to clients in the provision of accountancy services and determine how well Ernst & Young were meeting them .
this served to identify the criteria important to clients in the provision of accountancy services and [find out] how well ernst & young were meeting them .

Second , it is virtually impossible to determine exactly how much Grampian produced whisky is exported because much of it is blended and/or bottled elsewhere .
second , it is virtually impossible to [find out] exactly how much grampian produced whisky is exported because much of it is blended and/or bottled elsewhere .

Currently , it is the policyholders who elect the board and who therefore technically determine what the company 's investment and bonus strategy will be .
currently , it is the policyholders who elect the board and who therefore technically [find out] what the company 's investment and bonus strategy will be .

The most usual method of calculation is to determine the net profit of the business ensuring that this amount is the amount of pre-tax and pre proprietor drawings and pre interest charges .
the most usual method of calculation is to [find out] the net profit of the business ensuring that this amount is the amount of pre-tax and pre proprietor drawings and pre interest charges .

As you are aware Council Tax comes into effect from 1 April 1993 and Regional Authorities in Scotland will shortly be issuing enquiry forms to all households within their area to determine who will be liable for the tax and to enquire whether they are entitled to any discounts , exemptions or rebates .
as you are aware council tax comes into effect from 1 april 1993 and regional authorities in scotland will shortly be issuing enquiry forms to all households within their area to [find out] who will be liable for the tax and to enquire whether they are entitled to any discounts , exemptions or rebates .

It was important that the colleges should have ‘ considerable freedom ’ to interpret the overall requirements , and the Council itself would determine the title of the new degree .
it was important that the colleges should have ‘ considerable freedom ’ to interpret the overall requirements , and the council itself would [find out] the title of the new degree .

The Council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to authorize institutions to modify existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the Council had given prior agreement , and to determine the criteria and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .
the council intended to specify subject areas in which responsibility could be delegated to an institution , to authorize institutions to modify existing courses and introduce new ones in subject areas for which the council had given prior agreement , and to [find out] the criteria and methods for specifying subject areas and conducting quinquennial reviews .

Since the important variable in population size is always the number of females rather than the number of males ( because one male can impregnate a large number of females but any female can only manage one pregnancy at a time ) , selective forces determine that the daytime gelada social structure is one in which a single dominant male forages with an attendant group of females and young .
since the important variable in population size is always the number of females rather than the number of males ( because one male can impregnate a large number of females but any female can only manage one pregnancy at a time ) , selective forces [find out] that the daytime gelada social structure is one in which a single dominant male forages with an attendant group of females and young .

We can now not only see how justified this comment was but , in details inaccessible to Freud at the time he was writing , can determine with some exactness both the causes and the consequences of this fateful development in human evolution .
we can now not only see how justified this comment was but , in details inaccessible to freud at the time he was writing , can [find out] with some exactness both the causes and the consequences of this fateful development in human evolution .

The lecture modules selected in the first term by individual students determine the ‘ flavour ’ of the degree course to be followed , and may indeed determine its title .
the lecture modules selected in the first term by individual students [find out] the ‘ flavour ’ of the degree course to be followed , and may indeed [find out] its title .

Lord ffeatherstonehaugh left the money in trust for the good of the club , but it is absolutely up to the committee to determine priorities .
lord ffeatherstonehaugh left the money in trust for the good of the club , but it is absolutely up to the committee to [find out] priorities .

It then becomes apparent that there may well be no conflict between the power of the bureaucracy and the ability of other institutions to determine state policy .
it then becomes apparent that there may well be no conflict between the power of the bureaucracy and the ability of other institutions to [find out] state policy .

But existing power structures , not the new technology , will determine the boundaries of the new sources of power .
but existing power structures , not the new technology , will [find out] the boundaries of the new sources of power .

Who is to determine what the poor in the Third World really do need ?
who is to [find out] what the poor in the third world really do need ?

All had endoscopy to determine the presence or absence of macroscopic oesophagitis ( grade 1 : erythema or linear erosions ; grade 2 : confluent erosions or ulcerations ; grade 3 : circumferential erosions or ulcerations ; strictures ) .
all had endoscopy to [find out] the presence or absence of macroscopic oesophagitis ( grade 1 : erythema or linear erosions ; grade 2 : confluent erosions or ulcerations ; grade 3 : circumferential erosions or ulcerations ; strictures ) .

In the individual patient , separating symptoms attributable to an active inflammatory process from those of chronic fibrotic strictures may determine whether surgery is appropriate .
in the individual patient , separating symptoms attributable to an active inflammatory process from those of chronic fibrotic strictures may [find out] whether surgery is appropriate .

This study attempted to follow up 93 consecutive patients whose anaemia remained obscure after these investigations to determine the outcome and assess the safety of this limited approach .
this study attempted to follow up 93 consecutive patients whose anaemia remained obscure after these investigations to [find out] the outcome and assess the safety of this limited approach .

To determine the outcome and to assess how safe this approach is we have followed up 93 consecutive patients presenting between 1980 and 1988 with iron deficiency anaemia in whom the above investigations were negative .
to [find out] the outcome and to assess how safe this approach is we have followed up 93 consecutive patients presenting between 1980 and 1988 with iron deficiency anaemia in whom the above investigations were negative .

Besides efficacy , we also wanted to determine the safety of this treatment .
besides efficacy , we also wanted to [find out] the safety of this treatment .

Patients were assessed in a special gallstone clinic to determine their suitability for the various treatment techniques available in our unit .
patients were assessed in a special gallstone clinic to [find out] their suitability for the various treatment techniques available in our unit .

The main aim of this study was to determine whether there was a correlation between postprandial gastric volume measured by echography and the sensations of hunger and satiety evaluated by a validated visual analogue scale .
the main aim of this study was to [find out] whether there was a correlation between postprandial gastric volume measured by echography and the sensations of hunger and satiety evaluated by a validated visual analogue scale .

The resting record was analysed to determine the highest pressure recorded in the anal canal after insertion of the probe ( maximum basal pressure ) and then 20 minutes later , after it had achieved a stable baseline ( minimum basal pressure ) .
the resting record was analysed to [find out] the highest pressure recorded in the anal canal after insertion of the probe ( maximum basal pressure ) and then 20 minutes later , after it had achieved a stable baseline ( minimum basal pressure ) .

χ 2 tests with Yates 's correction were used to determine the differences between the proportion of subjects in each group .
χ 2 tests with yates 's correction were used to [find out] the differences between the proportion of subjects in each group .

The cause of a biliary tract stricture may be difficult to determine radiologically .
the cause of a biliary tract stricture may be difficult to [find out] radiologically .

To determine whether proliferative patterns in flat rectal mucosal samples can predict the recurrence of adenomatous colorectal polyps , after polypectomy , rectal mucosal specimens removed from the lesions obtained at endoscopy from 55 patients diagnosed for the first time as having adenomatous colorectal polyps .
to [find out] whether proliferative patterns in flat rectal mucosal samples can predict the recurrence of adenomatous colorectal polyps , after polypectomy , rectal mucosal specimens removed from the lesions obtained at endoscopy from 55 patients diagnosed for the first time as having adenomatous colorectal polyps .

The purposes of this 2 year prospective study were : ( 1 ) to determine whether rectal epithelial cell proliferation evaluated at index polypectomy can be used to predict the risk for adenoma recurrence and ( 2 ) to assess the stability of this marker over time .
the purposes of this 2 year prospective study were : ( 1 ) to [find out] whether rectal epithelial cell proliferation evaluated at index polypectomy can be used to predict the risk for adenoma recurrence and ( 2 ) to assess the stability of this marker over time .

Thirty two patients with active Crohn 's disease were included in a controlled randomised trial to determine the efficacy and safety of polymeric enteral nutrition compared with steroids , to achieve and maintain clinical remission .
thirty two patients with active crohn 's disease were included in a controlled randomised trial to [find out] the efficacy and safety of polymeric enteral nutrition compared with steroids , to achieve and maintain clinical remission .

This study aimed to determine the prevalence of dyspeptic symptoms and premalignant gastric lesions in coal miners and sex matched population control subjects .
this study aimed to [find out] the prevalence of dyspeptic symptoms and premalignant gastric lesions in coal miners and sex matched population control subjects .

In addition to , the dyspeptic members of bth groups underwent gastroscopy to determine if there was any evidence of an increased incidence of benign , premalignant , and malignant gastric lesions .
in addition to , the dyspeptic members of bth groups underwent gastroscopy to [find out] if there was any evidence of an increased incidence of benign , premalignant , and malignant gastric lesions .

The technique did not determine whether this was due to failed propulsion of a swallowed bolus or to a common cavity phenomenon due to transient relaxation of the lower oesophageal sphincter .
the technique did not [find out] whether this was due to failed propulsion of a swallowed bolus or to a common cavity phenomenon due to transient relaxation of the lower oesophageal sphincter .

The aim of this study was to determine if Helicobacter pylori colonisation altered eicosanoid synthesis by gastric musoca in these patients .
the aim of this study was to [find out] if helicobacter pylori colonisation altered eicosanoid synthesis by gastric musoca in these patients .

Radiology of the small intestine and either double contrast barium enema or colonoscopy were used to determine the anatomical distribution of disease .
radiology of the small intestine and either double contrast barium enema or colonoscopy were used to [find out] the anatomical distribution of disease .

An attempt to determine before operation whether peptic ulcer patients are at risk of developing postvagotomy symptoms seems laudable but in practice such clues as there may be are probably too subtle to identify with any confidence from a non-invasive gastric emptying test .
an attempt to [find out] before operation whether peptic ulcer patients are at risk of developing postvagotomy symptoms seems laudable but in practice such clues as there may be are probably too subtle to identify with any confidence from a non-invasive gastric emptying test .

To determine whether enteric nerves participated in the response , intravenous hexamethonium ( 10 mg/ kg body weight ) was given or lidocaine ( 1 % solution ) was placed on the serosa of the intestinal segment .
to [find out] whether enteric nerves participated in the response , intravenous hexamethonium ( 10 mg/ kg body weight ) was given or lidocaine ( 1 % solution ) was placed on the serosa of the intestinal segment .

An attempt was made to determine if fluid transport varied between days 6 and 9 .
an attempt was made to [find out] if fluid transport varied between days 6 and 9 .

Henley is keen to consult nominating organisations to determine how candidates may most usefully develop themselves and benefit their organisations .
henley is keen to consult nominating organisations to [find out] how candidates may most usefully develop themselves and benefit their organisations .

Custom of the manor defined peasant obligations , but it could also help to determine peasant rights .
custom of the manor defined peasant obligations , but it could also help to [find out] peasant rights .

In any case , others have doubted that this type of thinking would make worthwhile savings and have countered that ‘ … we should allocate resources according to the probability that a patient will benefit rather than his or her age ’ , and that ‘ physiology not age should determine care ’ .
in any case , others have doubted that this type of thinking would make worthwhile savings and have countered that ‘ … we should allocate resources according to the probability that a patient will benefit rather than his or her age ’ , and that ‘ physiology not age should [find out] care ’ .

Moreover , the provinces believe there is no need to determine if the management of the blood-supply system was negligent in the pace at which it implemented heat treatment and blood screening measures .
moreover , the provinces believe there is no need to [find out] if the management of the blood-supply system was negligent in the pace at which it implemented heat treatment and blood screening measures .

Rather , a means test will be developed and introduced to determine eligibility and level of payments .
rather , a means test will be developed and introduced to [find out] eligibility and level of payments .

Stage 2 Making Strategic Decisions — Strategic decisions are those which determine the long-term policies of the firm and are necessary if the firm is to meet its objectives eg. policy changes relating to the range of products that are sold .
stage 2 making strategic decisions — strategic decisions are those which [find out] the long-term policies of the firm and are necessary if the firm is to meet its objectives eg. policy changes relating to the range of products that are sold .

Explain why it is important to determine the cost of products .
explain why it is important to [find out] the cost of products .

Answer guide : The following summarizes the main reasons why firms determine product costs :
answer guide : the following summarizes the main reasons why firms [find out] product costs :

Therefore a firm would have to wait three months before they could determine this charge which is not timely for management purposes .
therefore a firm would have to wait three months before they could [find out] this charge which is not timely for management purposes .

The management of a firm by knowing the contribution from the next best opportunity could quickly determine the additional contribution if the constraint were to be relieved .
the management of a firm by knowing the contribution from the next best opportunity could quickly [find out] the additional contribution if the constraint were to be relieved .

In 30 cases , sampled at 8–10 weeks ' gestation , an attempt was made to determine fetal sex by analysing amniotic fluid , coelomic fluid , and placental tissue .
in 30 cases , sampled at 8–10 weeks ' gestation , an attempt was made to [find out] fetal sex by analysing amniotic fluid , coelomic fluid , and placental tissue .

Many factors such as the time and space available in intensive care units will determine how soon such discoveries can be translated into routine procedures for investigating and monitoring patients .
many factors such as the time and space available in intensive care units will [find out] how soon such discoveries can be translated into routine procedures for investigating and monitoring patients .

Most studies do not use representative samples , and personality traits are typically assessed after the eating disorder has developed , thus making it difficult to determine whether the personality features caused , maintained , or simply resulted from the eating disorder .
most studies do not use representative samples , and personality traits are typically assessed after the eating disorder has developed , thus making it difficult to [find out] whether the personality features caused , maintained , or simply resulted from the eating disorder .

‘ One-hundred percentism ’ refers to horizontal equity , whereby quality and level of work effort alone should determine income , and discrimination on the basis of sex , race , social background should be avoided so that all have access to the better posts .
‘ one-hundred percentism ’ refers to horizontal equity , whereby quality and level of work effort alone should [find out] income , and discrimination on the basis of sex , race , social background should be avoided so that all have access to the better posts .

Since autonomous expenditure helps determine the position ( intercept ) of the curve ( equation 10–35 ) , it is clear that an increase in government spending will shift the curve to the right .
since autonomous expenditure helps [find out] the position ( intercept ) of the curve ( equation 10–35 ) , it is clear that an increase in government spending will shift the curve to the right .

It is obvious then that , until the question of the optimal number of individuals in the community is resolved , it is impossible to determine how much of the good should be provided .
it is obvious then that , until the question of the optimal number of individuals in the community is resolved , it is impossible to [find out] how much of the good should be provided .

Details of SPRs can be produced in various ways to determine which SPRs are not being ‘ replied to ’ or ‘ closed ’ within a reasonable time period .
details of sprs can be produced in various ways to [find out] which sprs are not being ‘ replied to ’ or ‘ closed ’ within a reasonable time period .

To determine the number of times any message may be printed before automatic deletion .
to [find out] the number of times any message may be printed before automatic deletion .

Scrolled area indicators allow the user to determine , at a glance , if there are ‘ hidden ’ entries in a scrolled area ; ie. entries which lie outside the display area .
scrolled area indicators allow the user to [find out] , at a glance , if there are ‘ hidden ’ entries in a scrolled area ; ie. entries which lie outside the display area .

From the first page , it is possible to determine the position of the current package in the complete structure .
from the first page , it is possible to [find out] the position of the current package in the complete structure .

In both cases you should inspect your mail to determine the outcome of the module transfers .
in both cases you should inspect your mail to [find out] the outcome of the module transfers .

You should inspect your mail to determine the outcome of the module transfer .
you should inspect your mail to [find out] the outcome of the module transfer .

There is no simple procedure to determine the number of blocks which may be used by the media item .
there is no simple procedure to [find out] the number of blocks which may be used by the media item .

More importantly , the Time Per block parameter specified in option 9.4.0 is used to determine how many blocks can be stored in the specified time i.e .
more importantly , the time per block parameter specified in option 9.4.0 is used to [find out] how many blocks can be stored in the specified time i.e .

The package structure below the specified root package is then traversed to determine which packages need to be updated to take account of the later versions of modules in the steering file and the consequential impact on all levels of the structure . In doing so it checks the following :
the package structure below the specified root package is then traversed to [find out] which packages need to be updated to take account of the later versions of modules in the steering file and the consequential impact on all levels of the structure . in doing so it checks the following :

The manager of each package to be updated is checked to determine whether the specified user may carry out the changes .
the manager of each package to be updated is checked to [find out] whether the specified user may carry out the changes .

Action : Examine the specified log file to determine the nature of the error
action : examine the specified log file to [find out] the nature of the error

The image produced by a diverging lens is however frequently virtual and consequently the focal length does not seem easy to determine .
the image produced by a diverging lens is however frequently virtual and consequently the focal length does not seem easy to [find out] .

By eliminating the common factor p/RT from these two equations we obtain This method is used to determine the molar mass of volatile liquids .
by eliminating the common factor p/rt from these two equations we obtain this method is used to [find out] the molar mass of volatile liquids .

Describe an experiment by which you would determine the relative molecular mass of a gas or vapour .
describe an experiment by which you would [find out] the relative molecular mass of a gas or vapour .

( b ) What two variables determine the average velocity of the molecules of an ideal gas ?
( b ) what two variables [find out] the average velocity of the molecules of an ideal gas ?

This type of calorimeter is used to determine the energy changes that accompany chemical reactions such as combustion .
this type of calorimeter is used to [find out] the energy changes that accompany chemical reactions such as combustion .

This is used to determine the enthalpies of combustion of volatile liquids such as alcohols and liquid hydrocarbons ( see figure 5.7 ) .
this is used to [find out] the enthalpies of combustion of volatile liquids such as alcohols and liquid hydrocarbons ( see figure 5.7 ) .

For example , it is not possible to determine the enthalpy of formation of ethanol in the laboratory because it is not possible to synthesise ethanol form carbon , hydrogen and oxygen .
for example , it is not possible to [find out] the enthalpy of formation of ethanol in the laboratory because it is not possible to synthesise ethanol form carbon , hydrogen and oxygen .

We have seen that there are two factors which determine whether a reaction will proceed spontaneously or not .
we have seen that there are two factors which [find out] whether a reaction will proceed spontaneously or not .

The Landsberger method can be used to determine the molar mass of the dissolved solute .
the landsberger method can be used to [find out] the molar mass of the dissolved solute .

The depression of freezing point can be used to determine the relative molecular mass of a non-volatile solute .
the depression of freezing point can be used to [find out] the relative molecular mass of a non-volatile solute .

The va n't Hoff equation can be used to determine the relative molecular mass from experimentally determined values of osmotic pressure .
the va n't hoff equation can be used to [find out] the relative molecular mass from experimentally determined values of osmotic pressure .

We have seen that three types of colligative property can be used to determine relative molecular mass .
we have seen that three types of colligative property can be used to [find out] relative molecular mass .

It is used in both quantitative and qualitative analysis to identify separated components of a mixture and also to determine the purity of a substance .
it is used in both quantitative and qualitative analysis to identify separated components of a mixture and also to [find out] the purity of a substance .

It was not possible to determine if neither or both hypotheses contributed to adaptation .
it was not possible to [find out] if neither or both hypotheses contributed to adaptation .

The F-ratio was calculated in order to determine whether any of the conditions showed a significant difference from the others .
the f-ratio was calculated in order to [find out] whether any of the conditions showed a significant difference from the others .

The phase at which a fixation occurs can determine the form in which a neurosis appears in later life .
the phase at which a fixation occurs can [find out] the form in which a neurosis appears in later life .

Third , the information given to subjects is manipulated in order to determine the effects of ‘ first information ’ or ‘ impressions ’ .
third , the information given to subjects is manipulated in order to [find out] the effects of ‘ first information ’ or ‘ impressions ’ .

People therefore have extensive opportunity to make decisions that determine what matters .
people therefore have extensive opportunity to make decisions that [find out] what matters .

Access may also determine location .
access may also [find out] location .

When activists like the Cape Town Sixteen fight this system of oppression and exploitation , they are demanding a democratic say in the running of their lives and and the right to determine their own futures .
when activists like the cape town sixteen fight this system of oppression and exploitation , they are demanding a democratic say in the running of their lives and and the right to [find out] their own futures .

But provision of a level playing-field can not determine what game is to be played on it . What is to be done as waste volumes grow while landfill possibilities shrink ?
but provision of a level playing-field can not [find out] what game is to be played on it . what is to be done as waste volumes grow while landfill possibilities shrink ?

With the benefit of hindsight it is possible at a later stage to determine whether the strategy provided a safeguard against these forces and , if not , whether the reasons were foreseen or at least foreseeable .
with the benefit of hindsight it is possible at a later stage to [find out] whether the strategy provided a safeguard against these forces and , if not , whether the reasons were foreseen or at least foreseeable .

It can help to determine priorities to assist operational decision-making .
it can help to [find out] priorities to assist operational decision-making .

compare the assets and liabilities at the beginning and end of an accounting period to determine where funds have come from and how they have been invested .
compare the assets and liabilities at the beginning and end of an accounting period to [find out] where funds have come from and how they have been invested .

to relate any potential losses owing to poor control on site or systems abuse and , where specific losses are identified , to determine whether fraud has occurred
to relate any potential losses owing to poor control on site or systems abuse and , where specific losses are identified , to [find out] whether fraud has occurred

The nature of the project and the type of finance required will determine the most appropriate source of finance .
the nature of the project and the type of finance required will [find out] the most appropriate source of finance .

These targets will enable the company to determine whether the project is meeting the established criteria .
these targets will enable the company to [find out] whether the project is meeting the established criteria .

If the engineer agrees the claim , he or she will determine any extension of time under Clause 44
if the engineer agrees the claim , he or she will [find out] any extension of time under clause 44

under Clause 52(4) , determine any payment , in accordance with Clause 60
under clause 52(4) , [find out] any payment , in accordance with clause 60

determine whether a profit element is payable .
[find out] whether a profit element is payable .

Similarly , crop plants and microorganisms with a high degree of resistance to damage by some herbicides are under investigation to determine the genetic nature of the resistance .
similarly , crop plants and microorganisms with a high degree of resistance to damage by some herbicides are under investigation to [find out] the genetic nature of the resistance .

In the first round on June 10 , 90.79 per cent of the 6,976,620 eligible voters cast votes to elect constituency members , and 90.6 per cent of the electorate cast votes to determine the distribution of the remaining 200 seats on a proportional basis .
in the first round on june 10 , 90.79 per cent of the 6,976,620 eligible voters cast votes to elect constituency members , and 90.6 per cent of the electorate cast votes to [find out] the distribution of the remaining 200 seats on a proportional basis .

Najibullah proposed that a referendum be held in both government and mujaheddin-controlled areas to determine whether a ceasefire should be implemented .
najibullah proposed that a referendum be held in both government and mujaheddin-controlled areas to [find out] whether a ceasefire should be implemented .

Pointing to the `` territorial integrity , political independence and non-aligned and Islamic character of Afghanistan `` as essential to a political solution , the resolution reaffirmed the right of the Afghan people to determine their own form of government and economic , political and social system `` free from outside intervention , subversion , [ and ] coercion `` .
pointing to the `` territorial integrity , political independence and non-aligned and islamic character of afghanistan `` as essential to a political solution , the resolution reaffirmed the right of the afghan people to [find out] their own form of government and economic , political and social system `` free from outside intervention , subversion , [ and ] coercion `` .

The panel also ruled that in relation to the convictions for accepting an illegal gratuity and for aiding and abetting the obstruction of Congress , the evidence should be re-examined `` witness by witness , line by line and item by item `` , in order to determine whether any of it had been `` tainted `` by North 's televised testimony to congressional investigating committees in 1987 for which he had been granted limited immunity .
the panel also ruled that in relation to the convictions for accepting an illegal gratuity and for aiding and abetting the obstruction of congress , the evidence should be re-examined `` witness by witness , line by line and item by item `` , in order to [find out] whether any of it had been `` tainted `` by north 's televised testimony to congressional investigating committees in 1987 for which he had been granted limited immunity .

The statement was roundly condemned on July 6 by Jovic , who called it an arrogation of the right to determine the constitutional relationship between the federation and its constituent republics .
the statement was roundly condemned on july 6 by jovic , who called it an arrogation of the right to [find out] the constitutional relationship between the federation and its constituent republics .

Leaders of the Serbian minority in Croatia issued a statement on July 25 publicly proclaiming the sovereignty and autonomy of all Croatian Serbs , as well as their right `` to determine with whom and under what regime their people will live , and how they will integrate with the other nations in Yugoslavia `` .
leaders of the serbian minority in croatia issued a statement on july 25 publicly proclaiming the sovereignty and autonomy of all croatian serbs , as well as their right `` to [find out] with whom and under what regime their people will live , and how they will integrate with the other nations in yugoslavia `` .

On Feb. 9 the Transkei authorities had confirmed that a referendum would be held to determine the opinion of its citizens on integration , in view of the recent political changes in South Africa .
on feb. 9 the transkei authorities had confirmed that a referendum would be held to [find out] the opinion of its citizens on integration , in view of the recent political changes in south africa .

Secondly , while it wishes pupils to experience freedom , in practice it is easy for the teacher to determine the structure .
secondly , while it wishes pupils to experience freedom , in practice it is easy for the teacher to [find out] the structure .

The monarch remained the chief executive in the state : he alone continued to determine all matters of policy ( foreign and domestic ) ; he had the right to choose his own ministers ; he retained the right to veto legislation ; and he was left with the power to determine the summoning , proroguing and dissolution of Parliament .
the monarch remained the chief executive in the state : he alone continued to [find out] all matters of policy ( foreign and domestic ) ; he had the right to choose his own ministers ; he retained the right to veto legislation ; and he was left with the power to [find out] the summoning , proroguing and dissolution of parliament .

Control over the position of returning officer was crucial , since he was able to determine not only who was eligible to vote , but also how long to keep the poll open .
control over the position of returning officer was crucial , since he was able to [find out] not only who was eligible to vote , but also how long to keep the poll open .

Trying to determine whether political conviction or influence was more important in determining how the voters behaved at the polls is no easy task .
trying to [find out] whether political conviction or influence was more important in determining how the voters behaved at the polls is no easy task .

The only way to determine which of these possible readings best explain the behaviour of voters in different localities is through an in-depth study of all the constituencies in England and Wales , such as is currently being undertaken by the History of Parliament Trust .
the only way to [find out] which of these possible readings best explain the behaviour of voters in different localities is through an in-depth study of all the constituencies in england and wales , such as is currently being undertaken by the history of parliament trust .

Reiterating their support for Greek autonomy , they declared that , if the Turks did not accept international mediation within a month , they would enter into commercial relations with the Greeks and `` determine the ulterior measures to which it may become necessary to resort `` .
reiterating their support for greek autonomy , they declared that , if the turks did not accept international mediation within a month , they would enter into commercial relations with the greeks and `` [find out] the ulterior measures to which it may become necessary to resort `` .

Man , unlike a dog or a chimpanzee , can actively determine what meanings a vocal stimulus will have .
man , unlike a dog or a chimpanzee , can actively [find out] what meanings a vocal stimulus will have .

The naming is crucial , for not only does this make it possible to contrast one kind of relationship with another , it also allows the group as a collectivity to determine what the `` proper `` behavioural concomitants of the relationship should be .
the naming is crucial , for not only does this make it possible to contrast one kind of relationship with another , it also allows the group as a collectivity to [find out] what the `` proper `` behavioural concomitants of the relationship should be .

In those cases where the use of a guide price is deemed sensible , the pricing analysis will determine the estimated asking price which will generally be given as a range of values .
in those cases where the use of a guide price is deemed sensible , the pricing analysis will [find out] the estimated asking price which will generally be given as a range of values .

It is also used together with any supplemental information to determine the terms and quantum of any indicative offer they may make .
it is also used together with any supplemental information to [find out] the terms and quantum of any indicative offer they may make .

Three factors will determine the continued future success of the Network :
three factors will [find out] the continued future success of the network :

In the absence of agreement between the two parties within a particular time , there is usually provision for reference to a third firm of accountants to determine the area of disagreement .
in the absence of agreement between the two parties within a particular time , there is usually provision for reference to a third firm of accountants to [find out] the area of disagreement .

The value of a holding in a listed company is generally not difficult to assess as market forces will determine the market value .
the value of a holding in a listed company is generally not difficult to assess as market forces will [find out] the market value .

Fiscal valuations are required to determine the value of shares or other property for capital gains or inheritance tax purposes .
fiscal valuations are required to [find out] the value of shares or other property for capital gains or inheritance tax purposes .

In assurance oriented valuation engagements the type of report to be given will determine the procedures to be adopted .
in assurance oriented valuation engagements the type of report to be given will [find out] the procedures to be adopted .

Where the firm becomes aware of the unauthorised distribution or misuse of a valuation engagement report , the corporate finance professional practice partner should be consulted to determine the appropriate course of action .
where the firm becomes aware of the unauthorised distribution or misuse of a valuation engagement report , the corporate finance professional practice partner should be consulted to [find out] the appropriate course of action .

If an independent person is required to determine the dispute , should that person be acting as expert ( less formal , procedures agreed between parties , decision almost impossible to challenge ) or as arbitrator ( quasi-litigation , procedures defined by law , can be appealed to courts ) ?
if an independent person is required to [find out] the dispute , should that person be acting as expert ( less formal , procedures agreed between parties , decision almost impossible to challenge ) or as arbitrator ( quasi-litigation , procedures defined by law , can be appealed to courts ) ?

The aims of the project are to analyse these data to determine the distribution of these forms of employment and to explore the relationships between their use and other characteristics of the enterprises concerned about which information is available .
the aims of the project are to analyse these data to [find out] the distribution of these forms of employment and to explore the relationships between their use and other characteristics of the enterprises concerned about which information is available .

The research aims to determine why management supports and how management measures the success of a Quality Circle programme .
the research aims to [find out] why management supports and how management measures the success of a quality circle programme .

This study attempts to identify the changes that have occurred in South Wales business and industrial structure over the past 20 years , and to determine the effects of these changes on demand for industrial materials handling equipment .
this study attempts to identify the changes that have occurred in south wales business and industrial structure over the past 20 years , and to [find out] the effects of these changes on demand for industrial materials handling equipment .

Detailed information on company operations is found to be available only from the individual concerns , and in order to determine the types of materials handling undertaken in the region , a detailed questionnaire has been distributed to over 350 companies , and over 150 replies received .
detailed information on company operations is found to be available only from the individual concerns , and in order to [find out] the types of materials handling undertaken in the region , a detailed questionnaire has been distributed to over 350 companies , and over 150 replies received .

The aim of the study is to help a large civil engineering consultancy firm determine their longer term strategy for training their technicians in the use of computers as an aid to design .
the aim of the study is to help a large civil engineering consultancy firm [find out] their longer term strategy for training their technicians in the use of computers as an aid to design .

This research aims to determine the relative importance of ‘ area ’ and ‘ personal ’ characteristics in explaining local variations in school-leaver employment and unemployment within Dundee , Edinburgh and Glasgow in 1981 .
this research aims to [find out] the relative importance of ‘ area ’ and ‘ personal ’ characteristics in explaining local variations in school-leaver employment and unemployment within dundee , edinburgh and glasgow in 1981 .

For example , in examining the relationship between aggregate consumer spending and aggregate disposable income , it is important to determine whether or not , over a period of years , the spending and income data tend to fluctuate around a regular trend , or have a tendency to wander far away from their trend .
for example , in examining the relationship between aggregate consumer spending and aggregate disposable income , it is important to [find out] whether or not , over a period of years , the spending and income data tend to fluctuate around a regular trend , or have a tendency to wander far away from their trend .

to determine the barriers to prevention policies that arise from present structures of decision making .
to [find out] the barriers to prevention policies that arise from present structures of decision making .

to determine the scale and nature of geographical changes in trade unionism since the late 1970s ;
to [find out] the scale and nature of geographical changes in trade unionism since the late 1970s ;

Impartial Guidance : Magistrates are expected to decide whether to grant access to parents , guardians or custodians , and , if they do so , to determine the conditions of access .
impartial guidance : magistrates are expected to decide whether to grant access to parents , guardians or custodians , and , if they do so , to [find out] the conditions of access .

These data will then be used to determine whether all differences in comprehension are related to over-all differences in production .
these data will then be used to [find out] whether all differences in comprehension are related to over-all differences in production .

The Advanced Research Workshop will bring together the leading researchers in the field of science management to determine our present understanding of academic-industry relations and to establish an agenda for future research .
the advanced research workshop will bring together the leading researchers in the field of science management to [find out] our present understanding of academic-industry relations and to establish an agenda for future research .

This proposal encompasses a series of three inter-locking exploratory studies each designed to examine different but related aspects of the perceptions and constraints which determine women 's definitions , choices and experiences of the time-spaces and activities usually defined as ‘ leisure ’ .
this proposal encompasses a series of three inter-locking exploratory studies each designed to examine different but related aspects of the perceptions and constraints which [find out] women 's definitions , choices and experiences of the time-spaces and activities usually defined as ‘ leisure ’ .

The General Household Survey for 1980 , a nationally representative annual Government survey , is being used to determine the extent to which employed women are segregated into particular occupations .
the general household survey for 1980 , a nationally representative annual government survey , is being used to [find out] the extent to which employed women are segregated into particular occupations .

It is designed to identify the kinds of factors which will help to determine the prospects for commercial success among members of different ethnic minorities in different industrial sectors .
it is designed to identify the kinds of factors which will help to [find out] the prospects for commercial success among members of different ethnic minorities in different industrial sectors .

to explore the factors which determine women 's decisions to adopt employment as a major life activity after their loss of any major domestic occupation ;
to explore the factors which [find out] women 's decisions to adopt employment as a major life activity after their loss of any major domestic occupation ;

Recent research in the sociology of technology has focused on the factors that determine crucial design choices : in the sociology of science , the role of instrumentation in shaping the development of science is being stressed .
recent research in the sociology of technology has focused on the factors that [find out] crucial design choices : in the sociology of science , the role of instrumentation in shaping the development of science is being stressed .

Its focus is on changing patterns of repeat marriage between kin and close affines ; on variations in neighbourhood organisation and the relationships between town and country ; on changing reproductive ideologies and on the different ways in which the idiom of kinship is used to recruit political groups , to reinforce patronage systems and to determine succession to ecclesiastic and political office .
its focus is on changing patterns of repeat marriage between kin and close affines ; on variations in neighbourhood organisation and the relationships between town and country ; on changing reproductive ideologies and on the different ways in which the idiom of kinship is used to recruit political groups , to reinforce patronage systems and to [find out] succession to ecclesiastic and political office .

Secondly , the research will assess the school-based experience and training that the students receive in teaching methods in order to determine the extent to which students have mastered an understanding of the nature and development of pupils ' historical thinking and are able to exemplify such understanding in their teaching styles .
secondly , the research will assess the school-based experience and training that the students receive in teaching methods in order to [find out] the extent to which students have mastered an understanding of the nature and development of pupils ' historical thinking and are able to exemplify such understanding in their teaching styles .

Village level interviews will be conducted in depth in order to identify household behaviour patterns and survival strategies , and to determine whether these strategies are sustainable .
village level interviews will be conducted in depth in order to identify household behaviour patterns and survival strategies , and to [find out] whether these strategies are sustainable .

Such models were applied to the car market by several authors in the 1960s and early 1970s ; this research is intended to determine whether the principle can still be usefully applied in forecasting the size of the market .
such models were applied to the car market by several authors in the 1960s and early 1970s ; this research is intended to [find out] whether the principle can still be usefully applied in forecasting the size of the market .

the outcome of these disputes will not only affect the standard of living of the parties and their children , but will help to determine such matters as future accommodation , need to rely on state benefits , scope for obtaining employment , and even the prospects of re-marriage .
the outcome of these disputes will not only affect the standard of living of the parties and their children , but will help to [find out] such matters as future accommodation , need to rely on state benefits , scope for obtaining employment , and even the prospects of re-marriage .

In addition , they will question a sample of complainants to determine how satisfied they were with the response .
in addition , they will question a sample of complainants to [find out] how satisfied they were with the response .

Dr Peter Brunt was seeing the Queen Mother this morning , when he would determine how long she would remain in Aberdeen Royal Infirmary .
dr peter brunt was seeing the queen mother this morning , when he would [find out] how long she would remain in aberdeen royal infirmary .

His assessment would determine the time — ‘ or indeed the date ’ — of the Queen Mother 's discharge , Mr Reid said .
his assessment would [find out] the time — ‘ or indeed the date ’ — of the queen mother 's discharge , mr reid said .

Foreigners in the city said they were unable to determine the seriousness of the mishap and had tried to leave only to be told there were no trains , planes or fuel for cars .
foreigners in the city said they were unable to [find out] the seriousness of the mishap and had tried to leave only to be told there were no trains , planes or fuel for cars .

It 's difficult to determine what effect if any this defeat will have on Donegal 's prospects of retaining their Ulster and All Ireland crowns .
it 's difficult to [find out] what effect if any this defeat will have on donegal 's prospects of retaining their ulster and all ireland crowns .

Times have changed dramatically for the county , but this afternoon 's game will determine the full extent of a well publicised revival .
times have changed dramatically for the county , but this afternoon 's game will [find out] the full extent of a well publicised revival .

In the case of a partner , it will be necessary to determine whether there is a partnership agreement and to have details of partner capital accounts .
in the case of a partner , it will be necessary to [find out] whether there is a partnership agreement and to have details of partner capital accounts .

First , bodies should determine a set of reasonable objectives to be achieved in the longer term , say over three to four years , for each of their areas of activity .
first , bodies should [find out] a set of reasonable objectives to be achieved in the longer term , say over three to four years , for each of their areas of activity .

The results of assessment will then determine whether short term objectives should be overhauled and re-stated .
the results of assessment will then [find out] whether short term objectives should be overhauled and re-stated .

This research project is concerned to determine the level of participation of young people in formal and informal , statutory and voluntary youth provision by age , sex , and religion and to investigate how young people see that service ; and to examine the alternatives open to them .
this research project is concerned to [find out] the level of participation of young people in formal and informal , statutory and voluntary youth provision by age , sex , and religion and to investigate how young people see that service ; and to examine the alternatives open to them .

Through this process determine the composition of the House of Commons , and hence assess to government .
through this process [find out] the composition of the house of commons , and hence assess to government .

The aims of the project are to determine and to describe Western Europe 's current and potential capabilities for the military use of space , and the extent to which options are being addressed by European governments and intergovernmental institutions .
the aims of the project are to [find out] and to describe western europe 's current and potential capabilities for the military use of space , and the extent to which options are being addressed by european governments and intergovernmental institutions .

The response of local authorities to these pressures will determine whether adequate provision is still available and whether central government controls will have the effects their supporters hope for .
the response of local authorities to these pressures will [find out] whether adequate provision is still available and whether central government controls will have the effects their supporters hope for .

It is clear from the Act that ‘ proceedings before a judicial authority ’ can be taken to include proceedings before a children 's hearing : a children 's hearing is a ‘ tribunal , body or person holding power ’ under statute ‘ to determine any question affecting the rights , privileges , obligations or liabilities of any person , or to receive evidence affecting or determining any such question ’ .
it is clear from the act that ‘ proceedings before a judicial authority ’ can be taken to include proceedings before a children 's hearing : a children 's hearing is a ‘ tribunal , body or person holding power ’ under statute ‘ to [find out] any question affecting the rights , privileges , obligations or liabilities of any person , or to receive evidence affecting or determining any such question ’ .

Why this should be , why our minds contain such a clutter of half-digested information , of misleading truths and mystifications , is hard to determine .
why this should be , why our minds contain such a clutter of half-digested information , of misleading truths and mystifications , is hard to [find out] .

It 's a defeat that could well determine that Scotland 's Gavin Hastings will lead the side to New Zealand after England 's Will Carling had an indecisive and undistinguished 80 minutes .
it 's a defeat that could well [find out] that scotland 's gavin hastings will lead the side to new zealand after england 's will carling had an indecisive and undistinguished 80 minutes .

Now they find themselves pitched together again at Castleblayney this afternoon in a play-off to determine who makes it through to the quarter-final stages of the National League .
now they find themselves pitched together again at castleblayney this afternoon in a play-off to [find out] who makes it through to the quarter-final stages of the national league .

Assuming staff publications list in Quinquennial Report accurate , establish proportion of internal/external publications by staff , & determine proportion published in highly-ranked journals ( from 1 ) .
assuming staff publications list in quinquennial report accurate , establish proportion of internal/external publications by staff , & [find out] proportion published in highly-ranked journals ( from 1 ) .

Each exhibition proposal should be examined by Management to determine its value to the organization in terms of interpreting our activities .
each exhibition proposal should be examined by management to [find out] its value to the organization in terms of interpreting our activities .

Assuming staff publications list in Quinquennial Report accurate , establish proportion of internal/external publications by staff , & determine proportion published in highly-ranked journals ( from 1 ) .
assuming staff publications list in quinquennial report accurate , establish proportion of internal/external publications by staff , & [find out] proportion published in highly-ranked journals ( from 1 ) .

In the present study ( Will 1991 ) , they were used to determine the most significant journals in the field ; to examine the journals in which different Departments preferentially presented the results of their research ; and to establish ‘ productivity ’ ratings for researchers .
in the present study ( will 1991 ) , they were used to [find out] the most significant journals in the field ; to examine the journals in which different departments preferentially presented the results of their research ; and to establish ‘ productivity ’ ratings for researchers .

‘ we need merely determine the amount of material published at various times to establish a growth curve . ’
‘ we need merely [find out] the amount of material published at various times to establish a growth curve . ’

Most often , related papers are easy to determine because of the specificity of titles in the field , and unrelated papers are very obviously unrelated .
most often , related papers are easy to [find out] because of the specificity of titles in the field , and unrelated papers are very obviously unrelated .

Vlachy 's sample made no distinction between types of researcher , so it is not possible to determine how many of his sample population of papers were derived from theses .
vlachy 's sample made no distinction between types of researcher , so it is not possible to [find out] how many of his sample population of papers were derived from theses .

Defining categories as Unproductive ( Total References = 0 ) ; Low productivity ( 1-5 papers within 5 years of completion ) ; Medium productivity ( 6-15 papers within 5 years of completion ) ; and High productivity ( 16 or more papers within 5 years ) without being judgemental ( there are , after all , many factors involved ) , it is possible to determine which Universities have produced the most productive , and which the least productive , researchers .
defining categories as unproductive ( total references = 0 ) ; low productivity ( 1-5 papers within 5 years of completion ) ; medium productivity ( 6-15 papers within 5 years of completion ) ; and high productivity ( 16 or more papers within 5 years ) without being judgemental ( there are , after all , many factors involved ) , it is possible to [find out] which universities have produced the most productive , and which the least productive , researchers .

Although the optimum phase resistance can be calculated , in practice it is a fairly simple matter to determine the optimum experimentally .
although the optimum phase resistance can be calculated , in practice it is a fairly simple matter to [find out] the optimum experimentally .

The look.up table entries can be calculated , using the methods described in Section 6.3 to determine the optimum velocity profile .
the look.up table entries can be calculated , using the methods described in section 6.3 to [find out] the optimum velocity profile .

The basis of the new method is to monitor the system 's ration and , as each step is completed , determine the load torque .
the basis of the new method is to monitor the system 's ration and , as each step is completed , [find out] the load torque .

His article is particularly valuable for the evidence which he adduces from contemporary documents , some of which is of considerable importance in helping to determine the facts of Molla Fenari 's life ; but much of what he says is , as will be shown , based on so little genuine historical evidence ( insofar as this can be judged from the sources he quotes ) and appears so speculative that it must be treated with some caution .
his article is particularly valuable for the evidence which he adduces from contemporary documents , some of which is of considerable importance in helping to [find out] the facts of molla fenari 's life ; but much of what he says is , as will be shown , based on so little genuine historical evidence ( insofar as this can be judged from the sources he quotes ) and appears so speculative that it must be treated with some caution .

At precisely what date he went is difficult to determine , for although Ibn Hajar states that he went to Egypt in 778/1376–7 , he follows this immediately with the statement whereas in fact Molla Fenari should have been twenty-seven years of age at that date according to the birthdate given by Ibn Hajar himself .
at precisely what date he went is difficult to [find out] , for although ibn hajar states that he went to egypt in 778/1376–7 , he follows this immediately with the statement whereas in fact molla fenari should have been twenty-seven years of age at that date according to the birthdate given by ibn hajar himself .

To return to Molla Fenari , one can not then determine with any certainty the date of his journey to Egypt since it is impossible to assert confidently which of the seemingly contradictory facts or sets of facts-Ibn Hajar 's statement that he made the journey in 778 , Taskopruzade 's statement that he went in company with Seyyid Serif , Taskopruzade 's association of Seyyid Serif 's arrival in Karaman with Cemaleddin Aksarayi 's death , and so on-deserves most weight , though perhaps the specific nature of Ibn Hajar 's date argues in its favour while , equally , the slight suspicion which always attaches to attempts to associate great figures of the past argues against the association of Molla Fenari and Seyyid Serif .
to return to molla fenari , one can not then [find out] with any certainty the date of his journey to egypt since it is impossible to assert confidently which of the seemingly contradictory facts or sets of facts-ibn hajar 's statement that he made the journey in 778 , taskopruzade 's statement that he went in company with seyyid serif , taskopruzade 's association of seyyid serif 's arrival in karaman with cemaleddin aksarayi 's death , and so on-deserves most weight , though perhaps the specific nature of ibn hajar 's date argues in its favour while , equally , the slight suspicion which always attaches to attempts to associate great figures of the past argues against the association of molla fenari and seyyid serif .

At issue were the relative weights attached to the factors and also the progression of scores within a given factor , which together determine the score for a given assessment .
at issue were the relative weights attached to the factors and also the progression of scores within a given factor , which together [find out] the score for a given assessment .

An important part of this particular procedure , for example , was the identification of the numbers of people it was proposed to place upon new points of each salary scale , to determine the financial implications and analyse the salary movements within each division of the company and make possible divisional comparisons .
an important part of this particular procedure , for example , was the identification of the numbers of people it was proposed to place upon new points of each salary scale , to [find out] the financial implications and analyse the salary movements within each division of the company and make possible divisional comparisons .

In order to prove this , he needed to determine the distances to these other galaxies , which are so far away that , unlike nearby stars , they really do appear fixed .
in order to prove this , he needed to [find out] the distances to these other galaxies , which are so far away that , unlike nearby stars , they really do appear fixed .

Since we know that each chemical element absorbs a characteristic set of very specific colours , by matching these to those that are missing from a star 's spectrum , we can determine exactly which elements are present in the star 's atmosphere .
since we know that each chemical element absorbs a characteristic set of very specific colours , by matching these to those that are missing from a star 's spectrum , we can [find out] exactly which elements are present in the star 's atmosphere .

We can determine the present rate of expansion by measuring the velocities at which other galaxies are moving away from us , using the Doppler effect .
we can [find out] the present rate of expansion by measuring the velocities at which other galaxies are moving away from us , using the doppler effect .

This means that even if there were events before the big bang , one could not use them to determine what would happen afterward , because predictability would break down at the big bang .
this means that even if there were events before the big bang , one could not use them to [find out] what would happen afterward , because predictability would break down at the big bang .

Correspondingly , if , as is t e case , we know only what has happened since the big bang , we could not determine what happened beforehand .
correspondingly , if , as is t e case , we know only what has happened since the big bang , we could not [find out] what happened beforehand .

However , one will not be able to determine the position of the particle more accurately than the distance between the wave crests of light , so one needs to use light of a short wavelength in order to measure the position of the particle precisely .
however , one will not be able to [find out] the position of the particle more accurately than the distance between the wave crests of light , so one needs to use light of a short wavelength in order to measure the position of the particle precisely .

So if we could determine how many primordial black holes there are now , we would learn a lot about the very early stages of the universe .
so if we could [find out] how many primordial black holes there are now , we would learn a lot about the very early stages of the universe .

However , in this case , it would not be necessary to determine that all the quanta came from the same direction : it would be enough to observe that they all arrived within a very short time interval to be reasonably confident that they were coming from the same burst .
however , in this case , it would not be necessary to [find out] that all the quanta came from the same direction : it would be enough to observe that they all arrived within a very short time interval to be reasonably confident that they were coming from the same burst .

One could use the laws of science to evolve the universe back in time to determine its configuration at earlier times .
one could use the laws of science to evolve the universe back in time to [find out] its configuration at earlier times .

And how far can we determine development trends in the use of space ?
and how far can we [find out] development trends in the use of space ?

An examination of the location of particular groups of romanized structures allows us to determine general trends .
an examination of the location of particular groups of romanized structures allows us to [find out] general trends .

The recovery of later fourth-century coins and pottery in the town centre itself certainly also attests continued activity , but it is hard to determine how long this survived into the fifth century , given the cessation of both coinage and pottery supplies and the consequent problem of dating post-Roman levels .
the recovery of later fourth-century coins and pottery in the town centre itself certainly also attests continued activity , but it is hard to [find out] how long this survived into the fifth century , given the cessation of both coinage and pottery supplies and the consequent problem of dating post-roman levels .

Decisions as to the proportion in which they hold these assets , in other words the nature of their portfolio management , determine how the sector as a whole fulfils the function of allocating the community 's savings to those who wish to borrow .
decisions as to the proportion in which they hold these assets , in other words the nature of their portfolio management , [find out] how the sector as a whole fulfils the function of allocating the community 's savings to those who wish to borrow .

It is necessary that the people of Northern Ireland fully appreciate the importance to the community of the Constitutional Convention , and the opportunities it offers to the public and its elected representatives to determine the future of Northern Ireland .
it is necessary that the people of northern ireland fully appreciate the importance to the community of the constitutional convention , and the opportunities it offers to the public and its elected representatives to [find out] the future of northern ireland .

The nature and quality of your basic training will determine to some considerable degree your future prospects .
the nature and quality of your basic training will [find out] to some considerable degree your future prospects .

To control proceedings and determine cases in the courts , both in chambers and open court .
to control proceedings and [find out] cases in the courts , both in chambers and open court .

Starting at the software end of the project will help us to determine the hardware configuration best suited to the task .
starting at the software end of the project will help us to [find out] the hardware configuration best suited to the task .

Her eyes filled with tears , but she made no attempt to blink them away , too caught up in an internal struggle which she knew could determine her life forever after .
her eyes filled with tears , but she made no attempt to blink them away , too caught up in an internal struggle which she knew could [find out] her life forever after .

She had n't had to be psychic to determine Margaret 's thoughts .
she had n't had to be psychic to [find out] margaret 's thoughts .

Thus the cut of a lapel , appearing as a bold and larger-than-life motif takes on an intensified presence , becoming a cypher for the stylistic shifts of fashion that imperceptibly determine our appearance and our reading of the appearance of others rather than ( as Brilliant 's premise would indicate ) a sign for the corporeal presence of the body which is not seen .
thus the cut of a lapel , appearing as a bold and larger-than-life motif takes on an intensified presence , becoming a cypher for the stylistic shifts of fashion that imperceptibly [find out] our appearance and our reading of the appearance of others rather than ( as brilliant 's premise would indicate ) a sign for the corporeal presence of the body which is not seen .

In particular , he could say that it is not for the Conservative Party or anybody else to determine the budget options of Parliament .
in particular , he could say that it is not for the conservative party or anybody else to [find out] the budget options of parliament .

So long as the techniques that determine both how software is used and how it is made are only in the hands of technical experts , computer systems will never find the universal application which is certainly within their grasp .
so long as the techniques that [find out] both how software is used and how it is made are only in the hands of technical experts , computer systems will never find the universal application which is certainly within their grasp .

Renberg , Korsman and Birks use sediment composition to determine the effects of land-use change wrought by Iron Age peoples in 14 widely separated lakes in southern Sweden ( where acid deposition is a severe problem today and a large proportion of lakes are acidified ) .
renberg , korsman and birks use sediment composition to [find out] the effects of land-use change wrought by iron age peoples in 14 widely separated lakes in southern sweden ( where acid deposition is a severe problem today and a large proportion of lakes are acidified ) .

Though it is not possible to determine the relative roles of revegetation and acidic precipitation from this work along , in conjunction with other studies Renberg et al .
though it is not possible to [find out] the relative roles of revegetation and acidic precipitation from this work along , in conjunction with other studies renberg et al .

When macroscopic particles are allowed to settle in a liquid under gravity it is possible to determine their size and weight .
when macroscopic particles are allowed to settle in a liquid under gravity it is possible to [find out] their size and weight .

Armed with this information we must now determine how meaningful it is and to do this a clearer understanding of the factors governing the shape of the polymer is required .
armed with this information we must now [find out] how meaningful it is and to do this a clearer understanding of the factors governing the shape of the polymer is required .

It is important then to examine crystallinity in polymers and determine the factors which control the extent of crystallinity .
it is important then to examine crystallinity in polymers and [find out] the factors which control the extent of crystallinity .

Next , the dice could be used to determine the direction of flow from the source cell .
next , the dice could be used to [find out] the direction of flow from the source cell .

In practice the items referred to above will not be identical and the departure from the nominal dimensions will determine the degree of interchangeability and hence the quality of the batch .
in practice the items referred to above will not be identical and the departure from the nominal dimensions will [find out] the degree of interchangeability and hence the quality of the batch .

Resolutions 1 to 4 comprise the ordinary business of the meeting , adopting the accounts for the financial year to 27th March 1993 , declaring a dividend , re-electing directors , reappointing the auditors and authorising the directors to determine their remuneration .
resolutions 1 to 4 comprise the ordinary business of the meeting , adopting the accounts for the financial year to 27th march 1993 , declaring a dividend , re-electing directors , reappointing the auditors and authorising the directors to [find out] their remuneration .

to capitalise the appropriate nominal amount of additional Ordinary Shares falling to be allotted pursuant to elections made as aforesaid , out of the sums standing to the credit of the reserves of the Company ( including any share premium account or capital redemption reserve fund ) or otherwise available for distribution as the Directors may determine and to apply such sums in paying up such Ordinary Shares and to allot such Ordinary Shares to members of the Company validly making such elections in accordance with their respective entitlements ’ .
to capitalise the appropriate nominal amount of additional ordinary shares falling to be allotted pursuant to elections made as aforesaid , out of the sums standing to the credit of the reserves of the company ( including any share premium account or capital redemption reserve fund ) or otherwise available for distribution as the directors may [find out] and to apply such sums in paying up such ordinary shares and to allot such ordinary shares to members of the company validly making such elections in accordance with their respective entitlements ’ .

for example , accurate information about future weather conditions will help the manager of a shop to determine whether to buy stocks of ice cream or stocks of soup .
for example , accurate information about future weather conditions will help the manager of a shop to [find out] whether to buy stocks of ice cream or stocks of soup .

Business environment : the environment in which the organisation operates will determine what it must do to be a success .
business environment : the environment in which the organisation operates will [find out] what it must do to be a success .

One of the most important tasks of the systems planning team is to determine the boundaries of the information system .
one of the most important tasks of the systems planning team is to [find out] the boundaries of the information system .

All the techniques discussed in this section can be used to find out more about the organisation and to help determine the area for further work , the area for data analysis , database development and information systems development .
all the techniques discussed in this section can be used to find out more about the organisation and to help [find out] the area for further work , the area for data analysis , database development and information systems development .

We may say that if the value of module is known , we can determine the value of ‘ status ’ , ‘ name ’ , and ‘ unit-points ’ .
we may say that if the value of module is known , we can [find out] the value of ‘ status ’ , ‘ name ’ , and ‘ unit-points ’ .

Prior to a meeting of the General Committee being called to consider the nominations , the Executive Committee of this party shall consult with the National Executive Committee or its officer to determine the validity of the nominations received .
prior to a meeting of the general committee being called to consider the nominations , the executive committee of this party shall consult with the national executive committee or its officer to [find out] the validity of the nominations received .

When a vote is necessary to determine which nomination is to be sent to the National Executive Committee for endorsement , it shall be taken by an eliminating ballot on the basis of one delegate , one vote .
when a vote is necessary to [find out] which nomination is to be sent to the national executive committee for endorsement , it shall be taken by an eliminating ballot on the basis of one delegate , one vote .

Chamberlain wanted to meet Parliament , saying ‘ the loss of Steel-Maitland need not determine an essential question of policy .
chamberlain wanted to meet parliament , saying ‘ the loss of steel-maitland need not [find out] an essential question of policy .

The angle of illumination will determine the area and darkness of shadow ( , , ) .
the angle of illumination will [find out] the area and darkness of shadow ( , , ) .

Some trials were conducted to determine the potential of each device .
some trials were conducted to [find out] the potential of each device .

( It is worth emphasising that the question is only one of judging whether the eye can determine the experimental set-up , and has nothing to do with the measurements . )
( it is worth emphasising that the question is only one of judging whether the eye can [find out] the experimental set-up , and has nothing to do with the measurements . )

This was used to determine the limits of the view field by placing a white card at the four sides in turn and moving it until just seen .
this was used to [find out] the limits of the view field by placing a white card at the four sides in turn and moving it until just seen .

An attempt to determine the relationship was described in Chapter 4 , and it was found that the A-measure varies roughly linearly with the radiometer reading over a wide range of exposures .
an attempt to [find out] the relationship was described in chapter 4 , and it was found that the a-measure varies roughly linearly with the radiometer reading over a wide range of exposures .

This procedure allows the user to determine the field of view and check that the reference card is correctly placed .
this procedure allows the user to [find out] the field of view and check that the reference card is correctly placed .

If the strip is one of the two top or two bottom ones then the respective Apx message is printed and this is usually enough to determine where the subject must be placed .
if the strip is one of the two top or two bottom ones then the respective apx message is printed and this is usually enough to [find out] where the subject must be placed .

The ultimate worth of any allocation depends on consumer tastes , which determine how people value what they are given .
the ultimate worth of any allocation depends on consumer tastes , which [find out] how people value what they are given .

Different patterns of demand imply different demand curves for individual goods and services and determine different equilibrium prices and quantities .
different patterns of demand imply different demand curves for individual goods and services and [find out] different equilibrium prices and quantities .

But this merely says that the government must determine how much is produced .
but this merely says that the government must [find out] how much is produced .

Later in this section we show how to analyse these induced effects to determine how the burden of the tax is ultimately divided between producers and consumers .
later in this section we show how to analyse these induced effects to [find out] how the burden of the tax is ultimately divided between producers and consumers .

Whereas a private firm would simply use market prices to determine the stream of private operating costs and benefits , and hence the stream of future profits , to which the new investment gives rise , society will wish to value the social marginal costs and benefits of future output .
whereas a private firm would simply use market prices to [find out] the stream of private operating costs and benefits , and hence the stream of future profits , to which the new investment gives rise , society will wish to value the social marginal costs and benefits of future output .

Recognition software then attempts to determine the text that was written .
recognition software then attempts to [find out] the text that was written .

Likewise , in cursive handwriting it is often difficult to determine where one letter stops and another starts .
likewise , in cursive handwriting it is often difficult to [find out] where one letter stops and another starts .

The word recognition module must traverse the lattice and determine which of the possible character sequences form valid words ( i.e .
the word recognition module must traverse the lattice and [find out] which of the possible character sequences form valid words ( i.e .

Two general techniques have been used to determine whether a string is a legal combination of characters .
two general techniques have been used to [find out] whether a string is a legal combination of characters .

Although a complete generative grammar of English does not exist , one approach linguists have taken is to formulate different types of grammar and determine whether any particular grammar is in principle adequate .
although a complete generative grammar of english does not exist , one approach linguists have taken is to formulate different types of grammar and [find out] whether any particular grammar is in principle adequate .

The ATNs are bound up with inter-relations to other transitions making it difficult to determine the effect and purpose of any given transition .
the atns are bound up with inter-relations to other transitions making it difficult to [find out] the effect and purpose of any given transition .

If one simply uses a dictionary to determine the grammatical category of a word then there is little indication of which are the more likely syntactic categories .
if one simply uses a dictionary to [find out] the grammatical category of a word then there is little indication of which are the more likely syntactic categories .

The use of linguistic information in these systems has been extremely limited — at best these systems perform lexical checking to determine whether the input forms a valid word .
the use of linguistic information in these systems has been extremely limited — at best these systems perform lexical checking to [find out] whether the input forms a valid word .

Hence , when selecting a parser it is vital to determine how wide a variety of grammar the parser is able to process and how easily it can be extended to a larger domain .
hence , when selecting a parser it is vital to [find out] how wide a variety of grammar the parser is able to process and how easily it can be extended to a larger domain .

It is important to determine how easily such additions can be made .
it is important to [find out] how easily such additions can be made .

Given a string it is necessary to determine what morphemes the string consists of ( e.g .
given a string it is necessary to [find out] what morphemes the string consists of ( e.g .

Having obtained the syntactic information for the morphemic constituents of the word , this information is combined to determine the syntactic information for the complete word .
having obtained the syntactic information for the morphemic constituents of the word , this information is combined to [find out] the syntactic information for the complete word .

The combination of the morphemes requires a ‘ word grammar ’ to determine the legality of the combinations and the resultant representation .
the combination of the morphemes requires a ‘ word grammar ’ to [find out] the legality of the combinations and the resultant representation .

The computational effort required to determine the syntactic information is excessive ( see below ) .
the computational effort required to [find out] the syntactic information is excessive ( see below ) .

It would be beneficial to know the ‘ best ’ grammatical category for any particular word when attempting to determine the probable parse to assign to a sequence of words .
it would be beneficial to know the ‘ best ’ grammatical category for any particular word when attempting to [find out] the probable parse to assign to a sequence of words .

In a recognition system this is non-trivial , requiring a ‘ word-lookup ’ stage to determine which valid character combinations exist within a character lattice .
in a recognition system this is non-trivial , requiring a ‘ word-lookup ’ stage to [find out] which valid character combinations exist within a character lattice .

The first problem is that it is easy to determine the incorrect stem of a word ( e.g .
the first problem is that it is easy to [find out] the incorrect stem of a word ( e.g .

Each time an affix is removed the remaining stem must be checked to determine whether it is a valid word .
each time an affix is removed the remaining stem must be checked to [find out] whether it is a valid word .

From the description provided of the system it is clear that more testing of the system to determine it 's full capabilities would be desirable .
from the description provided of the system it is clear that more testing of the system to [find out] it 's full capabilities would be desirable .

During the training phase a corpus of text is taken and investigated to determine the frequencies of transitions between grammatical categories ( e.g .
during the training phase a corpus of text is taken and investigated to [find out] the frequencies of transitions between grammatical categories ( e.g .

Firstly one must determine the grammatical categories of the words in the lattice .
firstly one must [find out] the grammatical categories of the words in the lattice .

The lower levels of recognition were unable to uniquely determine the words this , parrot or dead however , and the actual input to the syntactic processor is shown in fig 4.1 .
the lower levels of recognition were unable to uniquely [find out] the words this , parrot or dead however , and the actual input to the syntactic processor is shown in fig 4.1 .

Hence it was necessary to first determine the grammatical categories of the words in the corpus .
hence it was necessary to first [find out] the grammatical categories of the words in the corpus .

First the corpus was taken and analysed to determine where the sentence1 boundaries occurred .
first the corpus was taken and analysed to [find out] where the sentence1 boundaries occurred .

Hence from using a dictionary one could determine that hot dog bears little relation to canines .
hence from using a dictionary one could [find out] that hot dog bears little relation to canines .

The neighbouring grammatical categories are examined to determine the possible grammatical transitions .
the neighbouring grammatical categories are examined to [find out] the possible grammatical transitions .

At development time it is necessary to determine a probability for each of the transitions and store this in the transition matrix .
at development time it is necessary to [find out] a probability for each of the transitions and store this in the transition matrix .

Compares the use of three different sets of formulae to determine which provides the best model to employ for bigram and trigram models .
compares the use of three different sets of formulae to [find out] which provides the best model to employ for bigram and trigram models .

Experiments were carried out to determine the best formula to use for scoring the possible transitions in a text of 372 words derived from the Malhotra corpus ( Malhotra , 1975 ) , a corpus traditionally considered to be syntactically difficult to process .
experiments were carried out to [find out] the best formula to use for scoring the possible transitions in a text of 372 words derived from the malhotra corpus ( malhotra , 1975 ) , a corpus traditionally considered to be syntactically difficult to process .

The aim of this investigation is to determine how well the syntax analyser behaves when the lattice is successively degraded .
the aim of this investigation is to [find out] how well the syntax analyser behaves when the lattice is successively degraded .

For this application syntactic processing is required to determine exactly where in the output to correctly specify prosody .
for this application syntactic processing is required to [find out] exactly where in the output to correctly specify prosody .

Therefore given the sentence ‘ John found the dog ’ , a parse may be used to determine the subject and object of the verb and thereby create a semantic representation of who found what .
therefore given the sentence ‘ john found the dog ’ , a parse may be used to [find out] the subject and object of the verb and thereby create a semantic representation of who found what .

They will travel to Maubisson to determine the true cause of Falconer 's death and assist you in the hunting down of Raphael .
they will travel to maubisson to [find out] the true cause of falconer 's death and assist you in the hunting down of raphael .

Meanwhile the State Services Co-ordinating Commmittee has recommended that secondary schools be run by higher-paid managers instead of the traditional principals , with the right to sack teachers and determine their pay .
meanwhile the state services co-ordinating commmittee has recommended that secondary schools be run by higher-paid managers instead of the traditional principals , with the right to sack teachers and [find out] their pay .

We try to determine the bodily functions that have become disjointed … the patient should have a good sleep , eat properly and the bowels must move more regularly .
we try to [find out] the bodily functions that have become disjointed … the patient should have a good sleep , eat properly and the bowels must move more regularly .

In a society where a woman 's very livelihood depends on her affiliation to a man , her ability to determine her own life 's course is negligible .
in a society where a woman 's very livelihood depends on her affiliation to a man , her ability to [find out] her own life 's course is negligible .

They hung it to an almond tree in the square by its ankles so that everyone could see it , and when it began to rot they burned it in a bonfire , for they could not determine whether its bastard nature was that of an animal to be thrown in the river or a human being to be buried …
they hung it to an almond tree in the square by its ankles so that everyone could see it , and when it began to rot they burned it in a bonfire , for they could not [find out] whether its bastard nature was that of an animal to be thrown in the river or a human being to be buried …

Certainly the happiest and most confident period in Firdaus ' life is when she can pick and choose her customers and determine for herself the relationship she will have with them .
certainly the happiest and most confident period in firdaus ' life is when she can pick and choose her customers and [find out] for herself the relationship she will have with them .

This and other scientific statements are so convincing ( and get away with being called ‘ laws ’ ) because they appear to determine what will happen in the future .
this and other scientific statements are so convincing ( and get away with being called ‘ laws ’ ) because they appear to [find out] what will happen in the future .

We also need organisations that are free to determine and to organise the most effective way to tackle those needs .
we also need organisations that are free to [find out] and to organise the most effective way to tackle those needs .

Will the Minister acknowledge that , if the review takes place next year , the construction industry training board may say that it wants to retain a statutory levy , to determine the rate of levy imposed and also wants flexibility on exemptions . Will the Minister respond positively and allow the board to do what it wishes ?
will the minister acknowledge that , if the review takes place next year , the construction industry training board may say that it wants to retain a statutory levy , to [find out] the rate of levy imposed and also wants flexibility on exemptions . will the minister respond positively and allow the board to do what it wishes ?

Gentleman sees the full details for the range of different places involved , he will realise that there are some complicated plans for north of Inverness — for example , at Dingwall , Kirkwall , Stornoway , Thurso and Wick — and it is not yet possible to determine how they will work out .
gentleman sees the full details for the range of different places involved , he will realise that there are some complicated plans for north of inverness — for example , at dingwall , kirkwall , stornoway , thurso and wick — and it is not yet possible to [find out] how they will work out .

We in the west should be prepared to act in concert to impose sanctions , and to patrol the coast and the skies while a full conference to determine the relationship between the former Yugoslav territories is convened .
we in the west should be prepared to act in concert to impose sanctions , and to patrol the coast and the skies while a full conference to [find out] the relationship between the former yugoslav territories is convened .

The failure to recognise the difference between public concern about standards and public concern about price is what makes the Bill deficient . If cost alone is to determine the level of service that is provided , we shall no doubt see Ministers trading in their Jaguars for Ladas —
the failure to recognise the difference between public concern about standards and public concern about price is what makes the bill deficient . if cost alone is to [find out] the level of service that is provided , we shall no doubt see ministers trading in their jaguars for ladas —

You , Mr. Speaker — indeed , the whole House — will know that the Archbishop of Canterbury , the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster , the Moderator of the Free Church Federal Council and the Chief Rabbi drew the Prime Minister 's attention to the pre-Christmas law-breaking , which they said ’ will determine the institution of a nationally observed day in the week substantially set apart for activities which are other than commercial in nature .
you , mr. speaker — indeed , the whole house — will know that the archbishop of canterbury , the cardinal archbishop of westminster , the moderator of the free church federal council and the chief rabbi drew the prime minister 's attention to the pre-christmas law-breaking , which they said ’ will [find out] the institution of a nationally observed day in the week substantially set apart for activities which are other than commercial in nature .

However , once the health authority has placed those contracts in those terms , we come to the questions which determine the decisions about the honouring of extra-contractual referrals .
however , once the health authority has placed those contracts in those terms , we come to the questions which [find out] the decisions about the honouring of extra-contractual referrals .

( 2 ) The consent of the Secretary of State may be given in respect of a particular disposal of property or of disposals of any class or description and may be given subject to such conditions as the Secretary of State may determine .
( 2 ) the consent of the secretary of state may be given in respect of a particular disposal of property or of disposals of any class or description and may be given subject to such conditions as the secretary of state may [find out] .

( 4 ) Where any such property is disposed of , the Funding Council shall pay to the Secretary of State such portion of the proceeds or value of the consideration for the disposal , after deduction of such expenses as appear to the Secretary of State to have been reasonably incurred in the disposal , as the Secretary of State may , after consultation with the Funding Council , determine .
( 4 ) where any such property is disposed of , the funding council shall pay to the secretary of state such portion of the proceeds or value of the consideration for the disposal , after deduction of such expenses as appear to the secretary of state to have been reasonably incurred in the disposal , as the secretary of state may , after consultation with the funding council , [find out] .

a ) thee Council may determine that his service as a member shall be treated for the purposes of the scheme as service as an employee of the Council whether or not any benefits are to be payable to or in respect of him by virtue of paragraph 5 above ; but
a ) thee council may [find out] that his service as a member shall be treated for the purposes of the scheme as service as an employee of the council whether or not any benefits are to be payable to or in respect of him by virtue of paragraph 5 above ; but

b ) if the Council determine as aforesaid , any discretion as to the benefits payable to or in respect of him which the scheme confers on the Council shall be exercised only with the consent of the Secretary of State given with the approval of the Treasury .
b ) if the council [find out] as aforesaid , any discretion as to the benefits payable to or in respect of him which the scheme confers on the council shall be exercised only with the consent of the secretary of state given with the approval of the treasury .

The Bill concerns major issues because it will determine the future of further , higher and adult education for many years .
the bill concerns major issues because it will [find out] the future of further , higher and adult education for many years .

It is for the local management of the service to determine the most effective deployment of resources to meet performance targets .
it is for the local management of the service to [find out] the most effective deployment of resources to meet performance targets .

It is a cardinal principle of free determination that independent states have the right to determine their spending priorities .
it is a cardinal principle of free determination that independent states have the right to [find out] their spending priorities .

New financial arrangements introduced this year give the academy greater control over its resources , and enhance its discretion and determine spending priorities across the range of its activities .
new financial arrangements introduced this year give the academy greater control over its resources , and enhance its discretion and [find out] spending priorities across the range of its activities .

Why does not he take his head out of the sand and understand Scotland 's problems ? Scotland as a nation will determine its own sovereignty whether he agrees to it or not and he should be talking to the Scottish Constitutional Convention about the matter .
why does not he take his head out of the sand and understand scotland 's problems ? scotland as a nation will [find out] its own sovereignty whether he agrees to it or not and he should be talking to the scottish constitutional convention about the matter .

Will the Minister ensure that before the review is completed we shall be able to have adequate information so that we can determine the implications for the various areas and for particular bases which are under threat ? Will he give an undertaking today to give us information on recruitment levels , retention levels and the position of one base as compared with another before such a report is produced ?
will the minister ensure that before the review is completed we shall be able to have adequate information so that we can [find out] the implications for the various areas and for particular bases which are under threat ? will he give an undertaking today to give us information on recruitment levels , retention levels and the position of one base as compared with another before such a report is produced ?

As it appears from the information published to date by the Minister that it is almost impossible to determine the exact source of the dioxin that is causing the problem , what comfort does that provide to farmers ? If the source can not be discovered , how can the polluter be forced to pay ? Given that these are insidious and dangerous chemicals that have wide-ranging and far-reaching implications for the food industry , is not it time that the Government thought again about compensation in such circumstances ?
as it appears from the information published to date by the minister that it is almost impossible to [find out] the exact source of the dioxin that is causing the problem , what comfort does that provide to farmers ? if the source can not be discovered , how can the polluter be forced to pay ? given that these are insidious and dangerous chemicals that have wide-ranging and far-reaching implications for the food industry , is not it time that the government thought again about compensation in such circumstances ?

We have carried out surveys to determine what aspects of the environment in this country are most attractive to inward investors .
we have carried out surveys to [find out] what aspects of the environment in this country are most attractive to inward investors .

It is very much for the providers to determine the future picture .
it is very much for the providers to [find out] the future picture .

Many criteria are used to determine motor vehicle insurance premiums .
many criteria are used to [find out] motor vehicle insurance premiums .

To ask the Secretary of State for Health what assessment he has made of the adequacy of the internal market as the mechanism to determine the future pattern of health services in London .
to ask the secretary of state for health what assessment he has made of the adequacy of the internal market as the mechanism to [find out] the future pattern of health services in london .

As the Prime Minister has now had time to appreciate the significance that Scots attach to the phrase ’ taking stock ’ , will he elaborate on what that means in the Scottish constitutional set-up ? Is it an affirmation of what his junior energy Minister says : that it will be acceptable for the Scottish Office to be staffed by Members from constituencies south of the border , or of what his Foreign Secretary and Secretary of State for Scotland have said in the past 24 hours : that nothing will happen , or is he considering the possibility of affording the Scottish people the right to determine their own future in a democratic fashion ? Will there be a referendum or any other mechanism to establish a Scottish Parliament ?
as the prime minister has now had time to appreciate the significance that scots attach to the phrase ’ taking stock ’ , will he elaborate on what that means in the scottish constitutional set-up ? is it an affirmation of what his junior energy minister says : that it will be acceptable for the scottish office to be staffed by members from constituencies south of the border , or of what his foreign secretary and secretary of state for scotland have said in the past 24 hours : that nothing will happen , or is he considering the possibility of affording the scottish people the right to [find out] their own future in a democratic fashion ? will there be a referendum or any other mechanism to establish a scottish parliament ?

We also have studies under way to determine whether it is possible to use a porous asphalt surface on some roads , as that would reduce noise for people living near those roads .
we also have studies under way to [find out] whether it is possible to use a porous asphalt surface on some roads , as that would reduce noise for people living near those roads .

Perhaps the Prime Minister , in the few months left to him in that position , will think about visiting the Council of Europe Assembly so that we can determine whether the British Government actually envisage a role for the Council of Europe .
perhaps the prime minister , in the few months left to him in that position , will think about visiting the council of europe assembly so that we can [find out] whether the british government actually envisage a role for the council of europe .

We will not support the Government 's proposals in relation to the maintenance of quality in higher education because we think that it is wrong for the people who determine quality in higher education to be the same as those who determine funding —
we will not support the government 's proposals in relation to the maintenance of quality in higher education because we think that it is wrong for the people who [find out] quality in higher education to be the same as those who [find out] funding —

Because there is every possibility that if the fund payers determine quality , they will tend to overlook areas in which quality is going down as a result of financial pressures —
because there is every possibility that if the fund payers [find out] quality , they will tend to overlook areas in which quality is going down as a result of financial pressures —

How will it , without a list or register , determine whether a household is a single or a two-person household ?
how will it , without a list or register , [find out] whether a household is a single or a two-person household ?

Anyone who imagines that a British Chancellor of the Exchequer could , wholly independently , determine interest rates here without considering what was going on in a Europe with a single currency , with all the other member countries belonging to it , is totally wrong .
anyone who imagines that a british chancellor of the exchequer could , wholly independently , [find out] interest rates here without considering what was going on in a europe with a single currency , with all the other member countries belonging to it , is totally wrong .

grant to the Scottish local authorities , basing local accountability on the principle that local councillors will determine how that money should be spent ?
grant to the scottish local authorities , basing local accountability on the principle that local councillors will [find out] how that money should be spent ?

If we did that , we would do away with all these debates about local taxation , whether we should have the rating system or another system such as the poll tax or the council tax , and we would have a system which , at the end of the day , would give the local people the opportunity to determine priorities .
if we did that , we would do away with all these debates about local taxation , whether we should have the rating system or another system such as the poll tax or the council tax , and we would have a system which , at the end of the day , would give the local people the opportunity to [find out] priorities .

We need to be able to determine accurately and fairly those with unfounded claims .
we need to be able to [find out] accurately and fairly those with unfounded claims .

But the question raises a host of subsequent questions , each of which will help determine the structure and focus of our answer .
but the question raises a host of subsequent questions , each of which will help [find out] the structure and focus of our answer .

With Samson we have to decide whether we should concentrate on the time of its circulation in the early 1670s or whether we should attempt to determine a precise date of composition .
with samson we have to decide whether we should concentrate on the time of its circulation in the early 1670s or whether we should attempt to [find out] a precise date of composition .

If we claim our interest is to focus on the writing produced only by a sophisticated elite , and that we determine the best literature is that which , in terms of generic structure , subject , and eloquent rhetoric , concerns itself with the preoccupations of males who have a high social and political standing , then the traditional canon will serve the majority of our needs .
if we claim our interest is to focus on the writing produced only by a sophisticated elite , and that we [find out] the best literature is that which , in terms of generic structure , subject , and eloquent rhetoric , concerns itself with the preoccupations of males who have a high social and political standing , then the traditional canon will serve the majority of our needs .

As Fineman acknowledges , the anecdote may not be at odds with the general sense but , as we observe with New Historicism 's use of anecdote , it is difficult to determine its relation to the general with any satisfaction .
as fineman acknowledges , the anecdote may not be at odds with the general sense but , as we observe with new historicism 's use of anecdote , it is difficult to [find out] its relation to the general with any satisfaction .

There may be a restrictiveness in the range of cultural structures illuminated , but attempting to determine at least some of the cultural webs which emerged during the Renaissance and trying to discover why they were spun indicates the dynamism of cultural representation .
there may be a restrictiveness in the range of cultural structures illuminated , but attempting to [find out] at least some of the cultural webs which emerged during the renaissance and trying to discover why they were spun indicates the dynamism of cultural representation .

Insisting that detailed historical evidence makes it hard to categorise and structure a developed narrative to specific events , this revisionist historical practice refuses to determine anything beyond what ‘ the evidence ’ precisely articulates .
insisting that detailed historical evidence makes it hard to categorise and structure a developed narrative to specific events , this revisionist historical practice refuses to [find out] anything beyond what ‘ the evidence ’ precisely articulates .

Indeed , the interpretive role is restricted and its ideological claims negated through an appeal to pedantic accuracy , pointing out that cases for larger historical significances are almost impossible to determine .
indeed , the interpretive role is restricted and its ideological claims negated through an appeal to pedantic accuracy , pointing out that cases for larger historical significances are almost impossible to [find out] .

If we can determine ‘ origins ’ in Shakespearean drama , it is likely to be through examining what evidence we can of the plays ' 'destinations ' , the conditions of performance in the theatre matched with the cultural and social conditions of production .
if we can [find out] ‘ origins ’ in shakespearean drama , it is likely to be through examining what evidence we can of the plays ' 'destinations ' , the conditions of performance in the theatre matched with the cultural and social conditions of production .

In order to determine whether it is , the terms of the contract must be examined and , if necessary , construed ( i.e .
in order to [find out] whether it is , the terms of the contract must be examined and , if necessary , construed ( i.e .

In order to determine whether the goods correspond with the contractual description it may be necessary to determine the exact scope and meaning of the description .
in order to [find out] whether the goods correspond with the contractual description it may be necessary to [find out] the exact scope and meaning of the description .

Markets are the arena where the choices of individual economic agents determine allocation and distribution ; government is the prime embodiment of collective choice .
markets are the arena where the choices of individual economic agents [find out] allocation and distribution ; government is the prime embodiment of collective choice .

The importance of this taxonomy of goods as private , or having a collective element ( this embraces common , public and toll goods ) is to determine whether markets will provide an allocatively efficient quantity of each type of good .
the importance of this taxonomy of goods as private , or having a collective element ( this embraces common , public and toll goods ) is to [find out] whether markets will provide an allocatively efficient quantity of each type of good .

However , because of the problems of discovering how much people value public goods , it is virtually impossible for government to determine the most socially efficient quantity of public goods .
however , because of the problems of discovering how much people value public goods , it is virtually impossible for government to [find out] the most socially efficient quantity of public goods .

It is designed to determine which features of a text direct the reader toward a particular perspective , how much of the text is understood and , hence , attributed to that viewpoint and what effects if any , the perspective will have on other textual information not attributed to the main perspective .
it is designed to [find out] which features of a text direct the reader toward a particular perspective , how much of the text is understood and , hence , attributed to that viewpoint and what effects if any , the perspective will have on other textual information not attributed to the main perspective .

It explores the degree to which comfort requirements determine behaviour and finally fuel consumption .
it explores the degree to which comfort requirements [find out] behaviour and finally fuel consumption .

Much work has been done on children 's understanding of how a person 's beliefs determine that person 's actions , but less is known about their conception of the role of motivation in action .
much work has been done on children 's understanding of how a person 's beliefs [find out] that person 's actions , but less is known about their conception of the role of motivation in action .

There are complex constraints in the grammar of English which determine whether or not such associations can be made .
there are complex constraints in the grammar of english which [find out] whether or not such associations can be made .

The aim here is to determine the effect of such interactive facilities on the doctor-patient relationship , patient attitudes , and the delivery of care .
the aim here is to [find out] the effect of such interactive facilities on the doctor-patient relationship , patient attitudes , and the delivery of care .

Determine position of outlet ( directly above drain ) and screw outlet and end bracket in place to give a fall of 1 in 500
[find out] position of outlet ( directly above drain ) and screw outlet and end bracket in place to give a fall of 1 in 500

She continued to receive fluids intravenously , and a sample of her amniotic fluid had been taken and was being tested to determine the baby 's lung maturity .
she continued to receive fluids intravenously , and a sample of her amniotic fluid had been taken and was being tested to [find out] the baby 's lung maturity .

The schedules determine which subjects can be effectively represented by the scheme , and which relationships are most effectively reflected by it .
the schedules [find out] which subjects can be effectively represented by the scheme , and which relationships are most effectively reflected by it .

These instructions determine the citation order of the various concepts represented by the Schedules and the Tables and remove the need for facet indicators such as would be required were more flexibility of citation order permitted .
these instructions [find out] the citation order of the various concepts represented by the schedules and the tables and remove the need for facet indicators such as would be required were more flexibility of citation order permitted .

Type of literature to be covered may determine , amongst other features , the amount of detail required .
type of literature to be covered may [find out] , amongst other features , the amount of detail required .

What did he think they were going to do ? Toss a coin to determine on which floor Florian spent the night ?
what did he think they were going to do ? toss a coin to [find out] on which floor florian spent the night ?

Ability , gifts of ‘ human capital ’ from parents , gifts of wealth : these determine the individual 's opportunity set .
ability , gifts of ‘ human capital ’ from parents , gifts of wealth : these [find out] the individual 's opportunity set .

Opportunity for these suspects was difficult to determine — so much more difficult because this was not an official investigation , and he was not a regular investigator .
opportunity for these suspects was difficult to [find out] — so much more difficult because this was not an official investigation , and he was not a regular investigator .

The essential question , of course , is that of who is to determine ‘ what is necessary to achieve the objectives of the Treaty ’ .
the essential question , of course , is that of who is to [find out] ‘ what is necessary to achieve the objectives of the treaty ’ .

The perceived role of the Court and of the Commission as the twin guardians of the Treaty will be sufficient in practice to ensure that the Commission will determine the limits of its own field of competence so far as Article 38 and subsidiarity are concerned .
the perceived role of the court and of the commission as the twin guardians of the treaty will be sufficient in practice to ensure that the commission will [find out] the limits of its own field of competence so far as article 38 and subsidiarity are concerned .

What is more important for our purposes is the way in which the aggregate demand curve interacts with the aggregate supply curve to determine the equilibrium general level of prices and the equilibrium level of output ; we are especially interested in the nature of that interaction when expectations are rational .
what is more important for our purposes is the way in which the aggregate demand curve interacts with the aggregate supply curve to [find out] the equilibrium general level of prices and the equilibrium level of output ; we are especially interested in the nature of that interaction when expectations are rational .

As we have said , later on in the chapter we shall consider what might determine the extent to which the observation that the price in your market is higher than you were originally expecting leads you to raise your expectation of what the average price level is .
as we have said , later on in the chapter we shall consider what might [find out] the extent to which the observation that the price in your market is higher than you were originally expecting leads you to raise your expectation of what the average price level is .

We must therefore consider first how to determine the symmetry of a vibration , and secondly what the consequences of these symmetry selection rules may be .
we must therefore consider first how to [find out] the symmetry of a vibration , and secondly what the consequences of these symmetry selection rules may be .

Although when measuring pebbles to determine axial lengths individually , relatively small numbers of grains are considered , in most methods large numbers of grains are examined so that a statistically meaningful set of numbers is obtained to characterize the sample .
although when measuring pebbles to [find out] axial lengths individually , relatively small numbers of grains are considered , in most methods large numbers of grains are examined so that a statistically meaningful set of numbers is obtained to characterize the sample .

In estimating the potential ‘ activity ’ of a soil it may be necessary to determine the maximum projection area of the particle surfaces of various sizes to assist in the assessment of potential cationic exchanges ; scanning electron microscopy may be necessary .
in estimating the potential ‘ activity ’ of a soil it may be necessary to [find out] the maximum projection area of the particle surfaces of various sizes to assist in the assessment of potential cationic exchanges ; scanning electron microscopy may be necessary .

In this chapter attention is devoted to the techniques used commonly by sedimentologists to determine sizes of particles , i.e .
in this chapter attention is devoted to the techniques used commonly by sedimentologists to [find out] sizes of particles , i.e .

Size analysis of fine particles therefore presents problems , for the pre-analytical preparations may largely determine the ultimate results obtained .
size analysis of fine particles therefore presents problems , for the pre-analytical preparations may largely [find out] the ultimate results obtained .

For such purposes a more general form of mechanical analysis to determine grain size , the sieving method , is used ( Krumbein & pettijohn , 1961 , Folk , 1974b , Buller & mcmanus , 1979 ) .
for such purposes a more general form of mechanical analysis to [find out] grain size , the sieving method , is used ( krumbein & pettijohn , 1961 , folk , 1974b , buller & mcmanus , 1979 ) .

In consequence the use of sedimentation columns or tubes to determine the fall velocities of sediment particles has become very popular .
in consequence the use of sedimentation columns or tubes to [find out] the fall velocities of sediment particles has become very popular .

The introduction of a pressure transducer to determine the temporal variations of weight in the water column above a specific level permitted electrical recorders to be used .
the introduction of a pressure transducer to [find out] the temporal variations of weight in the water column above a specific level permitted electrical recorders to be used .

The determination of whether a fabric is grain- or mud-supported otherwise takes considerable experience to determine from thin sections , which are essentially two-dimensional .
the determination of whether a fabric is grain- or mud-supported otherwise takes considerable experience to [find out] from thin sections , which are essentially two-dimensional .

Whereas these may appear to be easy to recognize in theory , in practice it can be difficult to determine whether a sediment is grain supported or matrix supported in a hand specimen , but particularly when seen in two dimensions within a thin section ( e.g .
whereas these may appear to be easy to recognize in theory , in practice it can be difficult to [find out] whether a sediment is grain supported or matrix supported in a hand specimen , but particularly when seen in two dimensions within a thin section ( e.g .

In siliciclastic sediments careful attention to petrographic detail , particularly the compaction history , is necessary to determine whether a cement formed during deep burial ( > 2,000 m ) or at an earlier stage in the diagenetic history .
in siliciclastic sediments careful attention to petrographic detail , particularly the compaction history , is necessary to [find out] whether a cement formed during deep burial ( > 2,000 m ) or at an earlier stage in the diagenetic history .

If a grain or cement retains its form during alteration it is sometimes very difficult to determine when that alteration took place , unless it can be linked to other dissolution/replacement phases .
if a grain or cement retains its form during alteration it is sometimes very difficult to [find out] when that alteration took place , unless it can be linked to other dissolution/replacement phases .

The purpose of the Commission , obviously , is to determine whether or not the conduct of a society 's business meets the intentions of the Act .
the purpose of the commission , obviously , is to [find out] whether or not the conduct of a society 's business meets the intentions of the act .

From this analysis , it should be clear that the authorities have considerable power to determine interest rates .
from this analysis , it should be clear that the authorities have considerable power to [find out] interest rates .

If we continue with our analogy , introduced a moment ago , of the Bank as the monopoly supplier of liquidity and the discount houses as the buyers , we can now see that the discount market is one in which ( by debt sales ) the monopolist is able to determine the position of the demand curve !
if we continue with our analogy , introduced a moment ago , of the bank as the monopoly supplier of liquidity and the discount houses as the buyers , we can now see that the discount market is one in which ( by debt sales ) the monopolist is able to [find out] the position of the demand curve !

Do markets determine interest rates ?
do markets [find out] interest rates ?

This Circular withdrew Circular 10/65 , and affirmed the ( Conservative ) government 's intention to allow individual LEAs to determine the shape of secondary education ( selective or comprehensive ) in their areas .
this circular withdrew circular 10/65 , and affirmed the ( conservative ) government 's intention to allow individual leas to [find out] the shape of secondary education ( selective or comprehensive ) in their areas .

Einstein posed a searching question for such systems which we put in modern dress : can an astronaut inside the capsule determine his state of motion without looking out of the capsule ?
einstein posed a searching question for such systems which we put in modern dress : can an astronaut inside the capsule [find out] his state of motion without looking out of the capsule ?

The fundamental point to be grasped is that the inhabitants of a curved space can determine its curvature from intrinsic measurements , i.e .
the fundamental point to be grasped is that the inhabitants of a curved space can [find out] its curvature from intrinsic measurements , i.e .

Three centuries of telescopic measurements of the planets have been supplemented by decades of radar echo detection which determine the distance of Mercury and other planets directly ( Shapiro et al .
three centuries of telescopic measurements of the planets have been supplemented by decades of radar echo detection which [find out] the distance of mercury and other planets directly ( shapiro et al .

The way the theory construed its object would determine the nature of the theory itself .
the way the theory construed its object would [find out] the nature of the theory itself .

Words articulate our experience of things , they do not just express or reflect it ; they give form to what , without language and other sign-systems , would merely be a chaotic and undifferentiated jumble of ideas ; instead of things determining the meaning of words , words determine the meaning of things .
words articulate our experience of things , they do not just express or reflect it ; they give form to what , without language and other sign-systems , would merely be a chaotic and undifferentiated jumble of ideas ; instead of things determining the meaning of words , words [find out] the meaning of things .

No allowance is made for the separate contribution that the reader himself might bring to the text , and that might help to determine its meaning and effect .
no allowance is made for the separate contribution that the reader himself might bring to the text , and that might help to [find out] its meaning and effect .

What he has done is describe certain linguistic features of the text which distinguish it from other texts ( he refers to Yeats 's ‘ Phoenix ’ and Tennyson 's , ‘ Morte d'Arthur ’ , as well as instances of non-literary usage ) , and which look as if they may be of some literary significance ; but he leaves it to the literary specialist to determine what the nature of that literary significance is .
what he has done is describe certain linguistic features of the text which distinguish it from other texts ( he refers to yeats 's ‘ phoenix ’ and tennyson 's , ‘ morte d'arthur ’ , as well as instances of non-literary usage ) , and which look as if they may be of some literary significance ; but he leaves it to the literary specialist to [find out] what the nature of that literary significance is .

The author 's experience and intentions at the time of writing are matters of purely historical interest , that do not — contrary to the ‘ intentional fallacy ’ — in any way determine the meaning , effect or function of his creation .
the author 's experience and intentions at the time of writing are matters of purely historical interest , that do not — contrary to the ‘ intentional fallacy ’ — in any way [find out] the meaning , effect or function of his creation .

In short , linguistics may provide literary theory with the broad outlines of a model , but it can not determine either its detail or the manner in which it is applied to literature .
in short , linguistics may provide literary theory with the broad outlines of a model , but it can not [find out] either its detail or the manner in which it is applied to literature .

The intention is to determine whether pupils are being offered appropriate experiences and the school is adequately fulfilling its task .
the intention is to [find out] whether pupils are being offered appropriate experiences and the school is adequately fulfilling its task .

Not only do horoscopes determine the suitability of a partner for an arranged marriage , even the date that the couple should be joined is left to the astrologer 's discretion .
not only do horoscopes [find out] the suitability of a partner for an arranged marriage , even the date that the couple should be joined is left to the astrologer 's discretion .

In all contract law our problem is to determine what facts will operate to create legal duties and other legal relations .
in all contract law our problem is to [find out] what facts will operate to create legal duties and other legal relations .

‘ it came into being not as an essential part of a theory of the law of contract but more or less fortuitously as an expedient adopted in order to determine when persons injured by the breach of a promise ought to be allowed to bring an action ’ ( paragraph 18 of the 6th interim report of the Law Revision Committee , 1937 Cmd. 5449 ) is , to my mind , to misunderstand what is an essential part of a practical law of contract .
‘ it came into being not as an essential part of a theory of the law of contract but more or less fortuitously as an expedient adopted in order to [find out] when persons injured by the breach of a promise ought to be allowed to bring an action ’ ( paragraph 18 of the 6th interim report of the law revision committee , 1937 cmd. 5449 ) is , to my mind , to misunderstand what is an essential part of a practical law of contract .

To determine the nature of the contract one must find the intention of the parties as shown by what they said and did .
to [find out] the nature of the contract one must find the intention of the parties as shown by what they said and did .

If the teacher does not evaluate what children do , how can he determine if what he is doing is contributing to or hampering their growth in art .
if the teacher does not evaluate what children do , how can he [find out] if what he is doing is contributing to or hampering their growth in art .

Such a model , in which present perceptions determine and fuse with future ones , ties in with Neisser 's ( 1976 ) theory of a perceptual cycle in which the syntheses of incoming information themselves serve as anticipatory schemata which direct future attention .
such a model , in which present perceptions [find out] and fuse with future ones , ties in with neisser 's ( 1976 ) theory of a perceptual cycle in which the syntheses of incoming information themselves serve as anticipatory schemata which direct future attention .

‘ Were you going out ? ’ inquired Miss Coldharbour with her customary detachment , as though it were in Julia 's power to determine her hours of work .
‘ were you going out ? ’ inquired miss coldharbour with her customary detachment , as though it were in julia 's power to [find out] her hours of work .

This is not to say that man can mine coal where it does not occur geologically , or that some settlements do not originate because of the existence of some material which the inhabitants extract ; what it does mean is that people themselves determine what is exploited and how they deal with the extraction .
this is not to say that man can mine coal where it does not occur geologically , or that some settlements do not originate because of the existence of some material which the inhabitants extract ; what it does mean is that people themselves [find out] what is exploited and how they deal with the extraction .

However , conditions are rarely standard , and such factors as population increase , soil fertility , slope , drainage and proximity to markets will all help to determine how land is used .
however , conditions are rarely standard , and such factors as population increase , soil fertility , slope , drainage and proximity to markets will all help to [find out] how land is used .

Oliver , observing the scene with the same keen interest as had she , munched his way through a Dickensian gingerbread cake , his emotions harder to determine than those of his companion .
oliver , observing the scene with the same keen interest as had she , munched his way through a dickensian gingerbread cake , his emotions harder to [find out] than those of his companion .

The Efficiency approach seeks to determine that development is effective and that women 's roles as contributors to development and managers of poverty are encouraged .
the efficiency approach seeks to [find out] that development is effective and that women 's roles as contributors to development and managers of poverty are encouraged .

The aim of the investigation was to investigate how land-use changes with distance from the centre of a city and to thus determine which model of urban structure best fits Nottingham .
the aim of the investigation was to investigate how land-use changes with distance from the centre of a city and to thus [find out] which model of urban structure best fits nottingham .

to capitalise the appropriate nominal amount of the new Ordinary Shares falling to be allotted pursuant to any elections made as aforesaid out of the amount standing to the credit of any reserve or fund ( including the profit and loss account , share premium account , capital redemption reserve or any other reserve ) , whether or not the same is available for distribution , as the directors may determine , to apply such sum in paying up in full such Ordinary Shares and to allot such Ordinary Shares to the shareholders of the company validly making such elections in accordance with their respective entitlements …
to capitalise the appropriate nominal amount of the new ordinary shares falling to be allotted pursuant to any elections made as aforesaid out of the amount standing to the credit of any reserve or fund ( including the profit and loss account , share premium account , capital redemption reserve or any other reserve ) , whether or not the same is available for distribution , as the directors may [find out] , to apply such sum in paying up in full such ordinary shares and to allot such ordinary shares to the shareholders of the company validly making such elections in accordance with their respective entitlements …

The qualities of individual kings really did shape events , and accidents of birth and death in a royal family could determine not only short-term alliances and conflicts , but the long-term destinies of peoples and regions .
the qualities of individual kings really did shape events , and accidents of birth and death in a royal family could [find out] not only short-term alliances and conflicts , but the long-term destinies of peoples and regions .

Your task is to determine the cause of her death .
your task is to [find out] the cause of her death .

Make a mathematical model , in the form of a diagram , of this information and use it to determine the shortest and longest possible flight times .
make a mathematical model , in the form of a diagram , of this information and use it to [find out] the shortest and longest possible flight times .

If this is unsuccessful , the present situation must be analysed to determine where it went wrong , and a feasible second investigation started .
if this is unsuccessful , the present situation must be analysed to [find out] where it went wrong , and a feasible second investigation started .

Given that the radius is approximately 33mm , determine the height of the can .
given that the radius is approximately 33mm , [find out] the height of the can .

Determine the surface area of this can .
[find out] the surface area of this can .

Given that the volume remains fixed at 330ml , determine the dimensions of a can which gives a minium surface area .
given that the volume remains fixed at 330ml , [find out] the dimensions of a can which gives a minium surface area .

Given a ‘ new ’ industry standard of 250ml size can , determine possible sizes of can .
given a ‘ new ’ industry standard of 250ml size can , [find out] possible sizes of can .

Determine the number of trains required to maintain a service between Glasgow and Edinburgh , based on the current timetable .
[find out] the number of trains required to maintain a service between glasgow and edinburgh , based on the current timetable .

He says , ‘ Fetch the will hither , and we shall determine how to cut off some charge in legacies .
he says , ‘ fetch the will hither , and we shall [find out] how to cut off some charge in legacies .

In applying s 57 ( 3 ) of the 1978 Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act to determine the fairness of dismissals the Tribunal has taken on board in a pluralistic fashion the interests of employees in this situation .
in applying s 57 ( 3 ) of the 1978 employment protection ( consolidation ) act to [find out] the fairness of dismissals the tribunal has taken on board in a pluralistic fashion the interests of employees in this situation .

Even when the use of general attentional resources is required from the subject it appears that the amount of cognitive effort does not directly determine the quality of memory ( Mitchell & Hunt , 1989 ) .
even when the use of general attentional resources is required from the subject it appears that the amount of cognitive effort does not directly [find out] the quality of memory ( mitchell & hunt , 1989 ) .

Employees must notify their Head of Department where the normal mode of transport is changed and the Head of Department will determine if any adjustment is to be made to compensation and arrangements .
employees must notify their head of department where the normal mode of transport is changed and the head of department will [find out] if any adjustment is to be made to compensation and arrangements .

To undertake other such relevant duties as the Director may determine .
to undertake other such relevant duties as the director may [find out] .

Determine offences and decide on compliance with technical standards .
[find out] offences and decide on compliance with technical standards .

To determine and monitor working practices of the staff for which he/she is responsible and to ensure compliance with all policies and procedures .
to [find out] and monitor working practices of the staff for which he/she is responsible and to ensure compliance with all policies and procedures .

To undertake other such relevant duties as the Director may determine .
to undertake other such relevant duties as the director may [find out] .

As part of this she has to determine what type of landscaping is required according to the style of development and the buyers it will attract — from first-time buyers through to the luxury end of the market .
as part of this she has to [find out] what type of landscaping is required according to the style of development and the buyers it will attract — from first-time buyers through to the luxury end of the market .

‘ Defining ‘ science ’ as the content of scientific journals , we need merely determine the amount of material published at various times to establish a growth curve . ’
‘ defining ‘ science ’ as the content of scientific journals , we need merely [find out] the amount of material published at various times to establish a growth curve . ’

Most often , related papers are easy to determine because of the specificity of titles in the field , and unrelated papers are very obviously unrelated .
most often , related papers are easy to [find out] because of the specificity of titles in the field , and unrelated papers are very obviously unrelated .

Vlachy 's sample made no distinction between types of researcher , so it is not possible to determine how many of his sample population of papers were derived from theses .
vlachy 's sample made no distinction between types of researcher , so it is not possible to [find out] how many of his sample population of papers were derived from theses .

Defining categories as Unproductive ( Total References = 0 ) ; Low productivity ( 1-5 papers within 5 years of completion ) ; Medium productivity ( 6-15 papers within 5 years of completion ) ; and High productivity ( 16 or more papers within 5 years ) without being judgemental ( there are , after all , many factors involved ) , it is possible to determine which Universities have produced the most productive , and which the least productive , researchers .
defining categories as unproductive ( total references = 0 ) ; low productivity ( 1-5 papers within 5 years of completion ) ; medium productivity ( 6-15 papers within 5 years of completion ) ; and high productivity ( 16 or more papers within 5 years ) without being judgemental ( there are , after all , many factors involved ) , it is possible to [find out] which universities have produced the most productive , and which the least productive , researchers .

It has not been possible to determine the non-submission rate for Scottish geology , but discussions with senior staff suggest that the rate is not as high as in other disciplines .
it has not been possible to [find out] the non-submission rate for scottish geology , but discussions with senior staff suggest that the rate is not as high as in other disciplines .

This is regrettable , because this university ( St Andrews ) is a major contributor to Scottish geological research , and it would have been desirable to utilise measures of consultation in conjunction with the public domain data on publication productivity and citations , to determine overall levels of use of its theses .
this is regrettable , because this university ( st andrews ) is a major contributor to scottish geological research , and it would have been desirable to utilise measures of consultation in conjunction with the public domain data on publication productivity and citations , to [find out] overall levels of use of its theses .

The thesis latency distribution was measured to determine whether or not it fitted the conditions required for a Poisson distribution , ( the coefficient of dispersion should approach unity ) , but it did not .
the thesis latency distribution was measured to [find out] whether or not it fitted the conditions required for a poisson distribution , ( the coefficient of dispersion should approach unity ) , but it did not .

Narin attempted to determine the significance of relationships between the research event , the funding mechanism , and the location of the performer .
narin attempted to [find out] the significance of relationships between the research event , the funding mechanism , and the location of the performer .

It is possible to determine the most appropriate sub-disciplinary research method for each area , or at least those techniques most often used .
it is possible to [find out] the most appropriate sub-disciplinary research method for each area , or at least those techniques most often used .

Although the line between the theory-specific and the more generic surveys is a difficult one to draw , it is important as a reminder of the very important point that methods do have theoretical implications of a profound kind , even if these are not always easy to determine .
although the line between the theory-specific and the more generic surveys is a difficult one to draw , it is important as a reminder of the very important point that methods do have theoretical implications of a profound kind , even if these are not always easy to [find out] .

Very often they do not , unlike many natural scientific theories , suggest direct ways of measuring the concepts employed , and , because of this , it is difficult to determine what the limits of a theory might be .
very often they do not , unlike many natural scientific theories , suggest direct ways of measuring the concepts employed , and , because of this , it is difficult to [find out] what the limits of a theory might be .

Thus , it is reasonable to argue , instead of trying to determine what class is by theoretical disputation , let us recognise that what we have here is a concept which probably indicates something significant about social behaviour , but precisely what that is is not clear .
thus , it is reasonable to argue , instead of trying to [find out] what class is by theoretical disputation , let us recognise that what we have here is a concept which probably indicates something significant about social behaviour , but precisely what that is is not clear .

Finding patterns of association among indicators will enable us to determine which among them are the most significant .
finding patterns of association among indicators will enable us to [find out] which among them are the most significant .

It required much experimentation to determine the properties of air , mercury , alcohol and other thermometric substances , as well as devising methods for constructing and calibrating instruments .
it required much experimentation to [find out] the properties of air , mercury , alcohol and other thermometric substances , as well as devising methods for constructing and calibrating instruments .

Administering , as part of a cross-sectional survey , a series of attitude questions to a sample of respondents , we will not be able to determine which of them are expressing fairly firm attitudes from those responding out of some whim or other , or who have changed , or who simply want to please the interviewer or get rid of him .
administering , as part of a cross-sectional survey , a series of attitude questions to a sample of respondents , we will not be able to [find out] which of them are expressing fairly firm attitudes from those responding out of some whim or other , or who have changed , or who simply want to please the interviewer or get rid of him .

In trying to determine the effect of , say , a new teaching style on academic attainment , factors extraneous to this relationship but which might have a bearing on attainment , need to be excluded or controlled in some fashion in order to assess the effect of teaching style .
in trying to [find out] the effect of , say , a new teaching style on academic attainment , factors extraneous to this relationship but which might have a bearing on attainment , need to be excluded or controlled in some fashion in order to assess the effect of teaching style .

Indeed , one could hazard a further , and more general , observation that the possibility of social research itself is an indicator of the character of society ; to paraphrase Lieberson , social conditions not only determine the data of interest but also shape the availability of those data .
indeed , one could hazard a further , and more general , observation that the possibility of social research itself is an indicator of the character of society ; to paraphrase lieberson , social conditions not only [find out] the data of interest but also shape the availability of those data .

For example , suppose a researcher wishes to determine the influence of military service on later civilian earnings .
for example , suppose a researcher wishes to [find out] the influence of military service on later civilian earnings .

The strategy would be to find that different objects fall at different rates and , likely as not , determine that two variables were mainly responsible — size and the shape of each object .
the strategy would be to find that different objects fall at different rates and , likely as not , [find out] that two variables were mainly responsible — size and the shape of each object .

Earlier in the month , 26 Protestant leaders published an open letter declaring the right of every generation to determine the form of government .
earlier in the month , 26 protestant leaders published an open letter declaring the right of every generation to [find out] the form of government .

The three principal tasks of the proposed congress would be ( i ) to set out the broad principles within which the detailed constitutional work could be carried out ; ( ii ) to determine the make-up of the body which would draw up the constitution ; and ( iii ) to establish an interim government to oversee the transition process until a new government was in place .
the three principal tasks of the proposed congress would be ( i ) to set out the broad principles within which the detailed constitutional work could be carried out ; ( ii ) to [find out] the make-up of the body which would draw up the constitution ; and ( iii ) to establish an interim government to oversee the transition process until a new government was in place .

He issued a detailed list of demands and said that the government 's response would determine the speed with which genuine negotiations could resume .
he issued a detailed list of demands and said that the government 's response would [find out] the speed with which genuine negotiations could resume .

It undertook to pass a law by Dec. 31 ensuring that Ukrainian conscripts served only on Ukrainian soil ; called for formation of a parliamentary commission to discuss nationalizing Communist Party assets ; asserted that the Ukraine would not enter into a new union treaty before a new constitution creating a sovereign Ukraine was drafted ; and called a referendum in 1991 `` on confidence in the Ukrainian President `` , the result of which would determine whether to hold fresh elections by the end of the year .
it undertook to pass a law by dec. 31 ensuring that ukrainian conscripts served only on ukrainian soil ; called for formation of a parliamentary commission to discuss nationalizing communist party assets ; asserted that the ukraine would not enter into a new union treaty before a new constitution creating a sovereign ukraine was drafted ; and called a referendum in 1991 `` on confidence in the ukrainian president `` , the result of which would [find out] whether to hold fresh elections by the end of the year .

With regard to debt , the communiqué said that " the poorest , most indebted countries need very special terms " and entrusted the " Paris Club " ( an informal grouping of 17 Western creditor countries ) to determine measures on a case-by-case basis .
with regard to debt , the communiqué said that " the poorest , most indebted countries need very special terms " and entrusted the " paris club " ( an informal grouping of 17 western creditor countries ) to [find out] measures on a case-by-case basis .

On Dec. 25 a 79-member national commission was created to determine the composition and agenda of a National Conference which was scheduled for May 1992 as the next step in the democratization process .
on dec. 25 a 79-member national commission was created to [find out] the composition and agenda of a national conference which was scheduled for may 1992 as the next step in the democratization process .

By the end of 1991 it was apparent that the referendum to determine the future of the Western Sahara , which had been scheduled for Jan. 26 , would have to be postponed for at least nine months .
by the end of 1991 it was apparent that the referendum to [find out] the future of the western sahara , which had been scheduled for jan. 26 , would have to be postponed for at least nine months .

The Lithuanian parliament adopted on Nov. 5 , by 76 votes to none , a law on issuing currency , and set up a committee to determine the implementation of the new currency , the litas .
the lithuanian parliament adopted on nov. 5 , by 76 votes to none , a law on issuing currency , and set up a committee to [find out] the implementation of the new currency , the litas .

The meaning of any percentage figures for reductions in export support would depend on hard bargaining to determine ( i ) the base period against which reductions would be measured ; ( ii ) dates for implementation ; and ( iii ) standards for measuring export values or quantities .
the meaning of any percentage figures for reductions in export support would depend on hard bargaining to [find out] ( i ) the base period against which reductions would be measured ; ( ii ) dates for implementation ; and ( iii ) standards for measuring export values or quantities .

This was illustrated during the second phase of the local elections , held in June 1991 to determine the composition of the country 's larger metropolitan and provincial assemblies .
this was illustrated during the second phase of the local elections , held in june 1991 to [find out] the composition of the country 's larger metropolitan and provincial assemblies .

On Feb. 11 , 1991 , the government freed the pa'anga from its fixed link with the Australian dollar , choosing instead to determine its value against a weighted basket of currencies .
on feb. 11 , 1991 , the government freed the pa'anga from its fixed link with the australian dollar , choosing instead to [find out] its value against a weighted basket of currencies .

Vander Schaaf 's report stated that senior officials in charge of the inquiry had `` allowed their concern for the Navy to obscure the need to determine accountability for the misconduct `` .
vander schaaf 's report stated that senior officials in charge of the inquiry had `` allowed their concern for the navy to obscure the need to [find out] accountability for the misconduct `` .

The move allowed producers , mostly state-owned , to determine the prices for goods such as petroleum , asphalt , lead , aluminium , lubricating oils and grease , some steel products and most machinery and electronic goods .
the move allowed producers , mostly state-owned , to [find out] the prices for goods such as petroleum , asphalt , lead , aluminium , lubricating oils and grease , some steel products and most machinery and electronic goods .

However , his comment that `` the National Electoral Commission does not determine the lifespan of this adminstration `` was interpreted by many commentators as a hint that the transition to democratic civilian rule would be extended .
however , his comment that `` the national electoral commission does not [find out] the lifespan of this adminstration `` was interpreted by many commentators as a hint that the transition to democratic civilian rule would be extended .

This led to further changes in management structures and processes but also represented a significant challenge to professional power to determine priorities .
this led to further changes in management structures and processes but also represented a significant challenge to professional power to [find out] priorities .

What we are saying is , the patient ought to be able to determine at any stage of their illness what care they receive , and they ought to know what is coming next .
what we are saying is , the patient ought to be able to [find out] at any stage of their illness what care they receive , and they ought to know what is coming next .

Another useful extension of telling and retelling stories is the technique of telling only half a story leaving the pupils themselves to determine what happened next .
another useful extension of telling and retelling stories is the technique of telling only half a story leaving the pupils themselves to [find out] what happened next .

It could well start with a close look at the available resources for the period or topic , and these may determine the course of work , the order in which topics are introduced and the learning activities carried out .
it could well start with a close look at the available resources for the period or topic , and these may [find out] the course of work , the order in which topics are introduced and the learning activities carried out .

The results of these tests will be matched to the teacher assessments and used to determine the level of attainment reached by each pupil in each attainment target .
the results of these tests will be matched to the teacher assessments and used to [find out] the level of attainment reached by each pupil in each attainment target .

The teacher should always preview these to determine if they are suitable , and assess if the language level , content , and so on is suitable .
the teacher should always preview these to [find out] if they are suitable , and assess if the language level , content , and so on is suitable .

The court had to determine whether a number of pictures , fixed by screws into the recesses of a panelled dining room in a mansion house , a white marble statue of a Greek athlete and a sundial in the garden , comprised part of the conveyance to the purchaser of the estate .
the court had to [find out] whether a number of pictures , fixed by screws into the recesses of a panelled dining room in a mansion house , a white marble statue of a greek athlete and a sundial in the garden , comprised part of the conveyance to the purchaser of the estate .

Managers should not necessarily blame an employee for failures , but should determine whether the process is to blame , and involve the staff in improving the process .
managers should not necessarily blame an employee for failures , but should [find out] whether the process is to blame , and involve the staff in improving the process .

Cook ( 1988 ) has collapsed the results of a number of meta-analytic studies to determine the usefulness of 10 selection methods with respect to validity , cost , practicality , generality and legality .
cook ( 1988 ) has collapsed the results of a number of meta-analytic studies to [find out] the usefulness of 10 selection methods with respect to validity , cost , practicality , generality and legality .

With the help of guides , technical literature and a few telephone calls you can often determine precisely which pieces of equipment you require .
with the help of guides , technical literature and a few telephone calls you can often [find out] precisely which pieces of equipment you require .

Unfortunately , no systematic research has been done to determine the typical voice settings of speakers of Caribbean Creoles or of members of the Caribbean community in Britain .
unfortunately , no systematic research has been done to [find out] the typical voice settings of speakers of caribbean creoles or of members of the caribbean community in britain .

It is an empirical matter to determine whether or not this happens in practice .
it is an empirical matter to [find out] whether or not this happens in practice .

If the plaintiff died , the court would then have to determine whether the defendant was liable for the death .
if the plaintiff died , the court would then have to [find out] whether the defendant was liable for the death .

Where the defendant 's breach of duty is followed by a third party act which is also a cause of the plaintiff 's damage , the court has to determine the extent of the defendant 's liability .
where the defendant 's breach of duty is followed by a third party act which is also a cause of the plaintiff 's damage , the court has to [find out] the extent of the defendant 's liability .

The court could determine that the death was too remote .
the court could [find out] that the death was too remote .

The court would be unwilling or unable to determine what speed would be expected from a competent getaway driver .
the court would be unwilling or unable to [find out] what speed would be expected from a competent getaway driver .

In order to determine which Act is applicable it is necessary to determine the status of the plaintiff .
in order to [find out] which act is applicable it is necessary to [find out] the status of the plaintiff .

The court must first determine whether the particular statute gave rise to the right to sue for damages .
the court must first [find out] whether the particular statute gave rise to the right to sue for damages .

In negligence actions the courts must determine whether a duty is owed .
in negligence actions the courts must [find out] whether a duty is owed .

To determine whether Britain 's welfare from membership has risen or fallen he draws attention to the value :
to [find out] whether britain 's welfare from membership has risen or fallen he draws attention to the value :

Therefore , the policy suggestion that arises from theory is that in seeking to determine the effects of monopolisation it is necessary to weigh carefully the costs against the benefits , to examine the trade-off of the one against the other .
therefore , the policy suggestion that arises from theory is that in seeking to [find out] the effects of monopolisation it is necessary to weigh carefully the costs against the benefits , to examine the trade-off of the one against the other .

This must then , within six months , carry out an investigation of the costs and benefits to determine whether the merger is contrary to the public interest .
this must then , within six months , carry out an investigation of the costs and benefits to [find out] whether the merger is contrary to the public interest .

If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting , the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and place or to such time and place as the Directors may determine .
if a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting , the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and place or to such time and place as the directors may [find out] .

To such extent as the Directors may from time to time determine in relation to any committees of the Directors , the foregoing sentence shall also apply mutatis mutandis to any meeting of any such committee of which his appointor is a member .
to such extent as the directors may from time to time [find out] in relation to any committees of the directors , the foregoing sentence shall also apply mutatis mutandis to any meeting of any such committee of which his appointor is a member .

If a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting , the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and place or to such time and place as the Directors may determine .
if a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting , the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and place or to such time and place as the directors may [find out] .

To such extent as the Directors may from time to time determine in relation to any committees of the Directors , the foregoing sentence shall also apply mutatis mutandis to any meeting of any such committee of which his appointor is a member .
to such extent as the directors may from time to time [find out] in relation to any committees of the directors , the foregoing sentence shall also apply mutatis mutandis to any meeting of any such committee of which his appointor is a member .

In addition , most systems use search strategies to eliminate some partial hypotheses from consideration , and it is not always easy to determine the relative importance of the various components of these strategies .
in addition , most systems use search strategies to eliminate some partial hypotheses from consideration , and it is not always easy to [find out] the relative importance of the various components of these strategies .

In Chapters 5 and 6 the Chart is allowed to run to completion in order to determine the worst-case effects of lexical ambiguity .
in chapters 5 and 6 the chart is allowed to run to completion in order to [find out] the worst-case effects of lexical ambiguity .

Just as syntax or semantics must determine whether the correct word is meat or meet , such considerations must ultimately decide whether the correct response is recognise or wreck a nice .
just as syntax or semantics must [find out] whether the correct word is meat or meet , such considerations must ultimately decide whether the correct response is recognise or wreck a nice .

How do we determine exactly where a word should begin and end if hypotheses on either side are incorrect ?
how do we [find out] exactly where a word should begin and end if hypotheses on either side are incorrect ?

The analysis of the search space carried out in this chapter should help to focus attention on the discriminating requirement of top-down information in terms of the number and similarity of hypotheses competing over a stretch of the utterance , and of the distance between pruning points ( i.e. the grammar ‘ chunks ’ ) , the two factors which determine the potential combinatorial explosion of hypotheses .
the analysis of the search space carried out in this chapter should help to focus attention on the discriminating requirement of top-down information in terms of the number and similarity of hypotheses competing over a stretch of the utterance , and of the distance between pruning points ( i.e. the grammar ‘ chunks ’ ) , the two factors which [find out] the potential combinatorial explosion of hypotheses .

The only way round this dilemma is to determine authorship after the creation of the work but this seems illogical .
the only way round this dilemma is to [find out] authorship after the creation of the work but this seems illogical .

To determine whether there has been an infringement , the specification and , in particular , the claims for the patent must be looked at and interpreted to find the limits of the patent .
to [find out] whether there has been an infringement , the specification and , in particular , the claims for the patent must be looked at and interpreted to find the limits of the patent .

This enables anyone to look up and inspect the patent specification to determine its scope .
this enables anyone to look up and inspect the patent specification to [find out] its scope .

However , for most purposes , infringement is easy to determine .
however , for most purposes , infringement is easy to [find out] .

It may sometimes be difficult to determine the identity of the supplier where computer software is obtained off-the-shelf .
it may sometimes be difficult to [find out] the identity of the supplier where computer software is obtained off-the-shelf .

Section 14 states that , in the absence of an agreed time for performance or an agreed formula to determine the time for performance , the supplier will carry out the service in a reasonable time .
section 14 states that , in the absence of an agreed time for performance or an agreed formula to [find out] the time for performance , the supplier will carry out the service in a reasonable time .

In practice , many terms will be innominate terms , in which case it will only be possible to determine whether breach of the term allows a party to repudiate the contract in the light of the actual facts of the breach .
in practice , many terms will be innominate terms , in which case it will only be possible to [find out] whether breach of the term allows a party to repudiate the contract in the light of the actual facts of the breach .

The banking account of the Society shall be kept with such banker as the Executive Committee shall from time to time determine .
the banking account of the society shall be kept with such banker as the executive committee shall from time to time [find out] .

The voting shall be by show of hands , or otherwise as the Executive Committee may determine .
the voting shall be by show of hands , or otherwise as the executive committee may [find out] .

All cheques shall be signed and countersigned by such persons as the Executive Committee shall determine .
all cheques shall be signed and countersigned by such persons as the executive committee shall [find out] .

These require more detailed examination in order to determine whether they disprove the hypothesis formulated above .
these require more detailed examination in order to [find out] whether they disprove the hypothesis formulated above .

There was sometimes a charge too , for dressing until their batch of ore was fit for market , and occasionally a sum for sampling and analysis to determine the worth of the batch .
there was sometimes a charge too , for dressing until their batch of ore was fit for market , and occasionally a sum for sampling and analysis to [find out] the worth of the batch .

Who then , was to determine whether or not the water came from faults and fissures in the rock , or from the vein itself in the usual manner ?
who then , was to [find out] whether or not the water came from faults and fissures in the rock , or from the vein itself in the usual manner ?

As we have seen the true extent of the migration to Coniston is rather difficult to determine at this stage , but many of the newcomers possessed certain skills which the mine was quite happy to take advantage of , in addition to their abilities as miners .
as we have seen the true extent of the migration to coniston is rather difficult to [find out] at this stage , but many of the newcomers possessed certain skills which the mine was quite happy to take advantage of , in addition to their abilities as miners .

The report of the Third Committee that dealt with the topic , Population and the Family , for instance , while noting that `` high infant mortality was especially recognized as a deterrent to fertility decline `` and , consequently , two recommendations to this effect were adopted by the World Population Plan of Action , also mentioned that `` It was widely acknowledged that the ability to determine the number and spacing of children influences family well-being , partly because of the effect upon the health of both mothers and children . ``
the report of the third committee that dealt with the topic , population and the family , for instance , while noting that `` high infant mortality was especially recognized as a deterrent to fertility decline `` and , consequently , two recommendations to this effect were adopted by the world population plan of action , also mentioned that `` it was widely acknowledged that the ability to [find out] the number and spacing of children influences family well-being , partly because of the effect upon the health of both mothers and children . ``

The primary purpose of this study was to determine from available materials for developing and developed countries the conditions of childbearing that are most favourable to viability of the offspring as well as to infant , childhood and maternal health and well-being as indicated by the minimum mortality and maximum survival chances of children through age five and minimum morbidity and mortality among women as a result of the process of childbearing .
the primary purpose of this study was to [find out] from available materials for developing and developed countries the conditions of childbearing that are most favourable to viability of the offspring as well as to infant , childhood and maternal health and well-being as indicated by the minimum mortality and maximum survival chances of children through age five and minimum morbidity and mortality among women as a result of the process of childbearing .

And these patterns determine , at least in part , the viability of the offspring , infant and childhood mortality conditions and maternal health .
and these patterns [find out] , at least in part , the viability of the offspring , infant and childhood mortality conditions and maternal health .

The studies examined did not seek to determine the relative importance of age and parity to development of maternity related ailments .
the studies examined did not seek to [find out] the relative importance of age and parity to development of maternity related ailments .

In societies that place a high value upon children and childbearing ( and in many others as well ) , women may not be able to determine independently when they will marry , whether and when they will use non-traditional means of birth regulation or how many children they will have .
in societies that place a high value upon children and childbearing ( and in many others as well ) , women may not be able to [find out] independently when they will marry , whether and when they will use non-traditional means of birth regulation or how many children they will have .

The family may determine the time of marriage , and the husband , his parents or the wife 's parents or another person may make decisions that dictate the number and spacing of births .
the family may [find out] the time of marriage , and the husband , his parents or the wife 's parents or another person may make decisions that dictate the number and spacing of births .

The assessment of a student 's mastery of specific elements which have been taught , in order to determine what still remains to be mastered .
the assessment of a student 's mastery of specific elements which have been taught , in order to [find out] what still remains to be mastered .

Differential grammar enables us to determine some of the main grammatical difficulties involved in learning the target language .
differential grammar enables us to [find out] some of the main grammatical difficulties involved in learning the target language .

One test will determine your blood group , and another will reveal your Rhesus factor .
one test will [find out] your blood group , and another will reveal your rhesus factor .

Even though these languages are not tonal , the following procedures are still needed to determine this fact and also to master the pronunciation .
even though these languages are not tonal , the following procedures are still needed to [find out] this fact and also to master the pronunciation .

Frames with different pitches need to be used in order to determine how many pitch levels there actually are .
frames with different pitches need to be used in order to [find out] how many pitch levels there actually are .

The difference between tactics and strategy `` is that tactics covers what you need to do at the moment and strategy provides the broad guidelines that determine over-all direction .
the difference between tactics and strategy `` is that tactics covers what you need to do at the moment and strategy provides the broad guidelines that [find out] over-all direction .

The frequency of the cycles and the nerve of bankers will determine whether short-term cycles or long-term trends matter most .
the frequency of the cycles and the nerve of bankers will [find out] whether short-term cycles or long-term trends matter most .

What the chemical structure of course does determine is the temperature at which the glassy state passes into the rubbery and , if the cross-linking is insufficient to prevent it , further passes from the rubbery to the liquid-like state .
what the chemical structure of course does [find out] is the temperature at which the glassy state passes into the rubbery and , if the cross-linking is insufficient to prevent it , further passes from the rubbery to the liquid-like state .

The cross-sectional area , assuming incompressibility of the substance ( which is a good approximation ) , must therefore be considerably decreased and stresses calculated on the original area will be seriously in error if used to determine constitutive relations on the strained material .
the cross-sectional area , assuming incompressibility of the substance ( which is a good approximation ) , must therefore be considerably decreased and stresses calculated on the original area will be seriously in error if used to [find out] constitutive relations on the strained material .

Many experiments on polymers have been made in order to determine whether or not these relations hold at the glass temperature [ for a discussion see Gee ( 1966 ) ] .
many experiments on polymers have been made in order to [find out] whether or not these relations hold at the glass temperature [ for a discussion see gee ( 1966 ) ] .

For example a useful practical derived test of the properties of leather in shoes would be to flex a real shoe in a test machine to determine the relation between loads and displacements relevant to the wearer .
for example a useful practical derived test of the properties of leather in shoes would be to flex a real shoe in a test machine to [find out] the relation between loads and displacements relevant to the wearer .

Similarly rubber tyres can be flexed in an apparatus designed to determine their properties in use on motor cars , but this is not a test of value to the materials scientist .
similarly rubber tyres can be flexed in an apparatus designed to [find out] their properties in use on motor cars , but this is not a test of value to the materials scientist .

Preferably the experimenter should apply known end loads , determine apparent moduli and extrapolate to zero load .
preferably the experimenter should apply known end loads , [find out] apparent moduli and extrapolate to zero load .

Three techniques have been used to determine mechanical properties of solids by ultrasonics .
three techniques have been used to [find out] mechanical properties of solids by ultrasonics .

Invasion and metastasis largely determine the clinical course of colorectal carcinomas .
invasion and metastasis largely [find out] the clinical course of colorectal carcinomas .

In view of these reports indicating some kind of distal colonic abnormality , it was decided to evaluate the rectal mucosa in gluten sensitive patients on a prospective basis : ( i ) to determine whether there is a coeliac disease associated inflammatory proctitis , ( ii ) to define its characteristics , and ( iii ) to analyse the effects of gluten withdrawal .
in view of these reports indicating some kind of distal colonic abnormality , it was decided to evaluate the rectal mucosa in gluten sensitive patients on a prospective basis : ( i ) to [find out] whether there is a coeliac disease associated inflammatory proctitis , ( ii ) to define its characteristics , and ( iii ) to analyse the effects of gluten withdrawal .

Experiments were performed on seven subjects to determine the accuracy of the method for measuring oesophageal bicarbonate content .
experiments were performed on seven subjects to [find out] the accuracy of the method for measuring oesophageal bicarbonate content .

After a 45 minute equilibration period , salivary oesophageal and gastric aspirates were collected and pooled at 15 minute intervalsfor one hour , and pH and pCO 2 were measured in fresh samples to determine basal oesophageal bicarbonate secretion as already described .
after a 45 minute equilibration period , salivary oesophageal and gastric aspirates were collected and pooled at 15 minute intervalsfor one hour , and ph and pco 2 were measured in fresh samples to [find out] basal oesophageal bicarbonate secretion as already described .

Washing experiments were performed to try to determine whether the drug was being removed from the outside of the cell or being leeched out from the inside .
washing experiments were performed to try to [find out] whether the drug was being removed from the outside of the cell or being leeched out from the inside .

In a pair of experiments designed to determine the amount of Ac-ASA remaining intracellularly after up to six washings , the amount of Ac-ASA present intracellularly stayed remarkably constant , following an initial drop which probably represents the removal of major surface contamination ( Fig 6 ) .
in a pair of experiments designed to [find out] the amount of ac-asa remaining intracellularly after up to six washings , the amount of ac-asa present intracellularly stayed remarkably constant , following an initial drop which probably represents the removal of major surface contamination ( fig 6 ) .

The purpose of the present prospective study was to analyse 109 controls and 778 patients with reflux oesophagitis , who were divided into five categories according to the endoscopic findings , evaluating the following parameters : ( a ) symptoms of gastrooesophageal reflux ; ( b ) determination of the location of the squamous columnar junction by endoscopy , and the location of the distal and proximal end of the lower oesophageal sphincter by manometry , and ( c ) to determine the characteristics of the mechanical defects of the lower oesophageal sphincter in all groups .
the purpose of the present prospective study was to analyse 109 controls and 778 patients with reflux oesophagitis , who were divided into five categories according to the endoscopic findings , evaluating the following parameters : ( a ) symptoms of gastrooesophageal reflux ; ( b ) determination of the location of the squamous columnar junction by endoscopy , and the location of the distal and proximal end of the lower oesophageal sphincter by manometry , and ( c ) to [find out] the characteristics of the mechanical defects of the lower oesophageal sphincter in all groups .

To help clarify some of these issues , a single experimental study was undertaken to compare the effects of dietary calcium and 70 % small bowel resection on experimental colonic tumourigenesis and crypt cell proliferation in the terminal ileum , caecum , and distal colon , thereby permitting multivariate statistical analysis to determine independently significant and interacting factors influencing mucosal proliferation .
to help clarify some of these issues , a single experimental study was undertaken to compare the effects of dietary calcium and 70 % small bowel resection on experimental colonic tumourigenesis and crypt cell proliferation in the terminal ileum , caecum , and distal colon , thereby permitting multivariate statistical analysis to [find out] independently significant and interacting factors influencing mucosal proliferation .

The aim of this study was to determine whether the lysosomal fragility observed after chronic ethanol consumption is mediated by ethanol per se , its oxidative metabolite acetaldehyde or cholesteryl esters ( substances which accumulate in the pancreas after ethanol consumption ) .
the aim of this study was to [find out] whether the lysosomal fragility observed after chronic ethanol consumption is mediated by ethanol per se , its oxidative metabolite acetaldehyde or cholesteryl esters ( substances which accumulate in the pancreas after ethanol consumption ) .

The aim of this study was to determine whether ethanol induced fragility of pancreatic lysosomes is mediated by ethanol , its oxidative metabolite acetaldehyde or cholesteryl esters .
the aim of this study was to [find out] whether ethanol induced fragility of pancreatic lysosomes is mediated by ethanol , its oxidative metabolite acetaldehyde or cholesteryl esters .

To determine whether acute smoking has an acute effect on gastric secretion that can explain the findings of the chronic studies , the effect of this on gastric secretion was studied using the same methods as those used in the chronic studies of Whitfield and Hobsley .
to [find out] whether acute smoking has an acute effect on gastric secretion that can explain the findings of the chronic studies , the effect of this on gastric secretion was studied using the same methods as those used in the chronic studies of whitfield and hobsley .

One of the important problems in nutrition is to determine how animals respond and adapt to a new diet .
one of the important problems in nutrition is to [find out] how animals respond and adapt to a new diet .

From a physicochemical point of view such a conversion seems inappropriate because the activities of the participating ions determine the solubility product for a given salt and hence the possibility for precipitation .
from a physicochemical point of view such a conversion seems inappropriate because the activities of the participating ions [find out] the solubility product for a given salt and hence the possibility for precipitation .

Investigation of the role of these polymorphisms in a predisposition to alcoholic cirrhosis has , until recently , been hampered by the need to use liver biopsy specimens to determine the isoenzyme phenotype .
investigation of the role of these polymorphisms in a predisposition to alcoholic cirrhosis has , until recently , been hampered by the need to use liver biopsy specimens to [find out] the isoenzyme phenotype .

Gastric electrical control activity detected by the non-invasive technique of surface electrogastrography was investigated in 11 children ( 0.1–16 years ) with proven chronic idiopathic intestinal pseudoobstruction ( four with known disease of the enteric nerves , three with disease of smooth muscle cells , and four without defined pathology ) , to determine whether abnormalities were present and whether these were useful in detecting the underlying pathology .
gastric electrical control activity detected by the non-invasive technique of surface electrogastrography was investigated in 11 children ( 0.1–16 years ) with proven chronic idiopathic intestinal pseudoobstruction ( four with known disease of the enteric nerves , three with disease of smooth muscle cells , and four without defined pathology ) , to [find out] whether abnormalities were present and whether these were useful in detecting the underlying pathology .

As children with diffuse chronic idiopathic intestinal pseudoobstruction frequently vomit , we have investigated gastric electrical control activity as detected by the non-invasive technique of surface electrogastrography in the fasting state in such children to determine if persistently abnormal electrical control activity was present , and if it was related to the underlying pathology of enteric nerves and muscle coats .
as children with diffuse chronic idiopathic intestinal pseudoobstruction frequently vomit , we have investigated gastric electrical control activity as detected by the non-invasive technique of surface electrogastrography in the fasting state in such children to [find out] if persistently abnormal electrical control activity was present , and if it was related to the underlying pathology of enteric nerves and muscle coats .

felt that the wider problem of possible changes in the Institute should be addressed to determine where it was going .
felt that the wider problem of possible changes in the institute should be addressed to [find out] where it was going .

Accordingly , the aims of this study were ( 1 ) to confirm our previous preliminary finding that chemiluminescence is increased in colonic tissue from humans with active colitis , ( 2 ) to determine the cellular and biochemical sources of this chemiluminescence , ( 3 ) to identify the particular reactive oxygen species species involved , and ( 4 ) to find out if mucosal chemiluminescence is a reliable index of disease activity .
accordingly , the aims of this study were ( 1 ) to confirm our previous preliminary finding that chemiluminescence is increased in colonic tissue from humans with active colitis , ( 2 ) to [find out] the cellular and biochemical sources of this chemiluminescence , ( 3 ) to identify the particular reactive oxygen species species involved , and ( 4 ) to find out if mucosal chemiluminescence is a reliable index of disease activity .

To determine the contribution of myeloperoxidase in mucosal chemiluminescence , an inhibitor of myeloperoxidase activity , azide , was added to the colonic mucosal preparation in vitro .
to [find out] the contribution of myeloperoxidase in mucosal chemiluminescence , an inhibitor of myeloperoxidase activity , azide , was added to the colonic mucosal preparation in vitro .

In addition , to determine the dietary effects on the cytolytic potency of the intestinal contents , luminal lytic activity was measured as lysis of erythrocytes by faecal water .
in addition , to [find out] the dietary effects on the cytolytic potency of the intestinal contents , luminal lytic activity was measured as lysis of erythrocytes by faecal water .

The study was designed to determine the gastroprotective and ulcer healing efficacy of basic transforming growth factor ( bFGF ) and to assess whether this peptide contributes to the action of sucralfate on the rat stomach .
the study was designed to [find out] the gastroprotective and ulcer healing efficacy of basic transforming growth factor ( bfgf ) and to assess whether this peptide contributes to the action of sucralfate on the rat stomach .

The purposes of the present study were ( 1 ) to determine the binding of human recombinant bFGF to the intact and ulcerated gastric mucosa ; ( 2 ) to assess the protective activity of bFGF against the damage by various irritants and stress ; ( 3 ) to examine the efficacy of bFGF in ehaling of gastric ulcers ; and ( 4 ) to evaluate the interaction of bFGF with sucralfate in the gastroprotection and healing of gastric ulcerations in rats .
the purposes of the present study were ( 1 ) to [find out] the binding of human recombinant bfgf to the intact and ulcerated gastric mucosa ; ( 2 ) to assess the protective activity of bfgf against the damage by various irritants and stress ; ( 3 ) to examine the efficacy of bfgf in ehaling of gastric ulcers ; and ( 4 ) to evaluate the interaction of bfgf with sucralfate in the gastroprotection and healing of gastric ulcerations in rats .

The study was designed to define the relation between faecal fat and faecal bile acid loss in patients with and without cystic fibrosis related liver disease ; to assess terminal ileal bile acid absorption by a seven day whole body retention of selenium labelled homotaurocholic acid ( SeHCAT ) ; and to determine if small intestinal bacterial overgrowth contributes to faecal bile acid loss .
the study was designed to define the relation between faecal fat and faecal bile acid loss in patients with and without cystic fibrosis related liver disease ; to assess terminal ileal bile acid absorption by a seven day whole body retention of selenium labelled homotaurocholic acid ( sehcat ) ; and to [find out] if small intestinal bacterial overgrowth contributes to faecal bile acid loss .

The aim of this study was to determine the frequency and characteristics of non-deglutitive motor activity inthe normal human oesophagus and to study the relation of this oesophageal motor activity to motility patterns elsewhere in the gastrointestinal tract .
the aim of this study was to [find out] the frequency and characteristics of non-deglutitive motor activity inthe normal human oesophagus and to study the relation of this oesophageal motor activity to motility patterns elsewhere in the gastrointestinal tract .

The purpose of this study was to determine the cost-effectiveness of oesophageal manometry in our laboratory .
the purpose of this study was to [find out] the cost-effectiveness of oesophageal manometry in our laboratory .

Risk factors identified by univariate analysis were examined in pairs to determine their effect on healing . Specific combinations of two risk factors associated with delayed healing were :
risk factors identified by univariate analysis were examined in pairs to [find out] their effect on healing . specific combinations of two risk factors associated with delayed healing were :

We measured circulating gastrin to determine the concentrations of gastrin required to produce half maximal acid secretion .
we measured circulating gastrin to [find out] the concentrations of gastrin required to produce half maximal acid secretion .

The gastric contents were collected at 15 minute intervals for 45 minutes to determine stimulated gastric acid output , after which the nasogastric tube was removed and subjects once more emptied their bladders .
the gastric contents were collected at 15 minute intervals for 45 minutes to [find out] stimulated gastric acid output , after which the nasogastric tube was removed and subjects once more emptied their bladders .

Our aim was to investigate food intolerances in Crohn 's disease after treatment with elemental diet and its importance in the duration remission induced by diet in an attempt to determine how valuable such therapeutic dietary manipulation is .
our aim was to investigate food intolerances in crohn 's disease after treatment with elemental diet and its importance in the duration remission induced by diet in an attempt to [find out] how valuable such therapeutic dietary manipulation is .

All challenge and placebo meals were assessed by five volunteers for smell , taste , and texture to determine if the challenge food could be detected .
all challenge and placebo meals were assessed by five volunteers for smell , taste , and texture to [find out] if the challenge food could be detected .

This study prospectively surveyed 114 consecutive patients referred from family practitioners to an outpatient clinic for the investigation of iron deficiency anaemia to determine the diagnoses contributing to the anaemia , the usefulness of certain clinical features , and the role of colonic and other investigations in obtaining the diagnosis .
this study prospectively surveyed 114 consecutive patients referred from family practitioners to an outpatient clinic for the investigation of iron deficiency anaemia to [find out] the diagnoses contributing to the anaemia , the usefulness of certain clinical features , and the role of colonic and other investigations in obtaining the diagnosis .

It is difficult to determine the most effective and safest solution for the arrest of peptic ulcer haemorrhage because of the wide variation in results from different investigators and the lack of comparative or controlled trials .
it is difficult to [find out] the most effective and safest solution for the arrest of peptic ulcer haemorrhage because of the wide variation in results from different investigators and the lack of comparative or controlled trials .

The parents of the 33 children who had not recovered were interviewed a second time to answer the question whether the constipation/soiling problems had persisted or recurred , because we were not able to determine this from the initial questionnaire .
the parents of the 33 children who had not recovered were interviewed a second time to answer the question whether the constipation/soiling problems had persisted or recurred , because we were not able to [find out] this from the initial questionnaire .

To determine the extent of gastric metaplasia , multiple biopsy specimens were collected from standardised sites of the duodenal bulb .
to [find out] the extent of gastric metaplasia , multiple biopsy specimens were collected from standardised sites of the duodenal bulb .

k Statistics were used to determine interobserver agreement .
k statistics were used to [find out] interobserver agreement .

This study was performed to determine the concentrations of urokinase type plasminogen activator and tissue type plasminogen activator in normal tissue and carcinomas along the upper part of the gastrointestinal tract .
this study was performed to [find out] the concentrations of urokinase type plasminogen activator and tissue type plasminogen activator in normal tissue and carcinomas along the upper part of the gastrointestinal tract .

Additional measurements were also made of liver protein synthesis to determine whether the presence of gastrointestinal pathology affected protein synthesis in this tissue which was not directly affected by the disease .
additional measurements were also made of liver protein synthesis to [find out] whether the presence of gastrointestinal pathology affected protein synthesis in this tissue which was not directly affected by the disease .

In order to determine if this had occurred , the biopsy free leucine enrichments were measured and compared with the plasma free leucine enrichment at the time of taking the biopsy .
in order to [find out] if this had occurred , the biopsy free leucine enrichments were measured and compared with the plasma free leucine enrichment at the time of taking the biopsy .

It is difficult to determine the contribution of intermittent therapy to the high response rate obtained in this uncontrolled study .
it is difficult to [find out] the contribution of intermittent therapy to the high response rate obtained in this uncontrolled study .

When we first cloned the human globin genes we realised that every cloned gene is person-specific , and therefore contains the particular sequences that instruct most of the features which we inherit and that determine our individuality .
when we first cloned the human globin genes we realised that every cloned gene is person-specific , and therefore contains the particular sequences that instruct most of the features which we inherit and that [find out] our individuality .

The factors which determine the clinical outcome of cow 's milk allergy are not fully understood .
the factors which [find out] the clinical outcome of cow 's milk allergy are not fully understood .

For determination of immunoglobulin secreting cells the wells were coated with antihuman IgA , IgG , and IgM , and to determine the number of specific antibody secreting cells , beta lactoglobulin , casein , and gliadin were used as coating antigens .
for determination of immunoglobulin secreting cells the wells were coated with antihuman iga , igg , and igm , and to [find out] the number of specific antibody secreting cells , beta lactoglobulin , casein , and gliadin were used as coating antigens .

Slides were reviewed to determine the differentiation grade of the tumour .
slides were reviewed to [find out] the differentiation grade of the tumour .

All groups underwent abdominal ultrasound scan to determine the presence of gall stones and exclude liver metastases in the cancer group , as well as biochemical tests to assess hepatic and renal function .
all groups underwent abdominal ultrasound scan to [find out] the presence of gall stones and exclude liver metastases in the cancer group , as well as biochemical tests to assess hepatic and renal function .

All data sets obtained were initially analysed to determine whether data were normally or abnormally distributed .
all data sets obtained were initially analysed to [find out] whether data were normally or abnormally distributed .

To determine whether gastro-oesophageal reflux in asthmatics results in oesophagitis , endoscopy and oesophageal biopsy were performed on 186 consecutive adult asthmatics .
to [find out] whether gastro-oesophageal reflux in asthmatics results in oesophagitis , endoscopy and oesophageal biopsy were performed on 186 consecutive adult asthmatics .

Logistic regression analysis was used to determine whether any of the reflux variables was predictive of oesophagitis .
logistic regression analysis was used to [find out] whether any of the reflux variables was predictive of oesophagitis .

Odds ratios were used to determine the magnitude of the association between two dichotomous variables .
odds ratios were used to [find out] the magnitude of the association between two dichotomous variables .

The aim of this study was to determine amounts of platelet activating factor and metabolites ( lyso platelet activating factor and alyl-acyl-glycerophosphocholine ) .
the aim of this study was to [find out] amounts of platelet activating factor and metabolites ( lyso platelet activating factor and alyl-acyl-glycerophosphocholine ) .

Thus it was possible to determine the density of argyrophil cells in arbitrary units of cell count per volume of the mucosa as expressed by the number of conciding raster points .
thus it was possible to [find out] the density of argyrophil cells in arbitrary units of cell count per volume of the mucosa as expressed by the number of conciding raster points .

Further investigations are needed to determine if also this aberration is specific for ulcerative colitis .
further investigations are needed to [find out] if also this aberration is specific for ulcerative colitis .

The profile of liver disease admissions and associated deaths in a district general hospital was studied to determine whether patients with end stage liver disease are appropriately referred for consideration of liver transplantation .
the profile of liver disease admissions and associated deaths in a district general hospital was studied to [find out] whether patients with end stage liver disease are appropriately referred for consideration of liver transplantation .

This technique has been utilised successfully in adults to elucidate the pathophysiology of constipation , diarrhoea , and as a clinical test to determine the severity of colonic motility disorder in symptomatic patients .
this technique has been utilised successfully in adults to elucidate the pathophysiology of constipation , diarrhoea , and as a clinical test to [find out] the severity of colonic motility disorder in symptomatic patients .

The aim of this study was to determine whether there is any correlation between the serum concentration of 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one and the result of the SeHCAT test .
the aim of this study was to [find out] whether there is any correlation between the serum concentration of 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one and the result of the sehcat test .

The Non-Executive Committee has the sole power to appoint and remove the Chairman and any Vice-Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the Board , to determine their period of office , and to fix their remuneration and that of any executive Director of the Company .
the non-executive committee has the sole power to appoint and remove the chairman and any vice-chairman and deputy chairman of the board , to [find out] their period of office , and to fix their remuneration and that of any executive director of the company .

An executive , , was engaged on a short term contract to help get the committee established and to assist in the coordination of a survey jointly commissioned by the Bar Council and the Lord Chancellor 's Department to determine objectively whether discrimination exists against women at the Bar and , if so , the extent of such discrimination .
an executive , , was engaged on a short term contract to help get the committee established and to assist in the coordination of a survey jointly commissioned by the bar council and the lord chancellor 's department to [find out] objectively whether discrimination exists against women at the bar and , if so , the extent of such discrimination .

These calculations can be easily set up on a computer spreadsheet and variations may be performed to determine the best-looking selection according to the investor 's risk-return preferences . For example , the above portfolio was re-evaluated using equal weightings instead of capitalization-based weightings and the following results were obtained :
these calculations can be easily set up on a computer spreadsheet and variations may be performed to [find out] the best-looking selection according to the investor 's risk-return preferences . for example , the above portfolio was re-evaluated using equal weightings instead of capitalization-based weightings and the following results were obtained :

it is difficult to determine the appropriate group size for analysis , and therefore
it is difficult to [find out] the appropriate group size for analysis , and therefore

Advisers should have no power to press their suggestions or to determine the curriculum .
advisers should have no power to press their suggestions or to [find out] the curriculum .

However , since the market value of second-hand assets is difficult to determine , depreciation is recorded at book value ( i.e .
however , since the market value of second-hand assets is difficult to [find out] , depreciation is recorded at book value ( i.e .

This can then be compared with the market price of the share to determine whether it is underpriced or overpriced .
this can then be compared with the market price of the share to [find out] whether it is underpriced or overpriced .

This means that the relationship between y t earnings in year t , and y o , earnings in the current year , is given by , while the relationship between dividends in year t and earnings in year t is given by where , if a three-year moving average of current earnings is used to determine long-run earnings .
this means that the relationship between y t earnings in year t , and y o , earnings in the current year , is given by , while the relationship between dividends in year t and earnings in year t is given by where , if a three-year moving average of current earnings is used to [find out] long-run earnings .

But in practice , the growth rate in earnings is extremely difficult to determine and has to be forecast .
but in practice , the growth rate in earnings is extremely difficult to [find out] and has to be forecast .

Can share valuation models help us determine whether or not dividend policy affects share prices ?
can share valuation models help us [find out] whether or not dividend policy affects share prices ?

In practice the items referred to above will not be identical and the departure from the nominal dimensions will determine the degree of interchangeability and hence the quality of the batch .
in practice the items referred to above will not be identical and the departure from the nominal dimensions will [find out] the degree of interchangeability and hence the quality of the batch .

The factors that determine the size of the compromise pocket are the relative strengths of ability and constraint , or feasibility .
the factors that [find out] the size of the compromise pocket are the relative strengths of ability and constraint , or feasibility .

This is the date that by law the government must review the budget process to determine whether enough progress has been made in reducing the deficit to avoid automatic spending cuts .
this is the date that by law the government must review the budget process to [find out] whether enough progress has been made in reducing the deficit to avoid automatic spending cuts .

Egyptian officials , who scrupulously monitor parity with Israel on weapons procurement programmes financed by Washington , are making enquiries in Bonn to determine whether the proposed sale will go ahead .
egyptian officials , who scrupulously monitor parity with israel on weapons procurement programmes financed by washington , are making enquiries in bonn to [find out] whether the proposed sale will go ahead .

Fiat 's defence lawyers hailed the court 's move as a sensible conclusion which would leave it to the court of appeal to determine whether the four defendants should be tried in another city .
fiat 's defence lawyers hailed the court 's move as a sensible conclusion which would leave it to the court of appeal to [find out] whether the four defendants should be tried in another city .

Yet in another sense , there are specific molecules that do determine the shape of an elephant , because we know that , if we altered a gene in the fertilized egg , we might alter the shape of the future elephant .
yet in another sense , there are specific molecules that do [find out] the shape of an elephant , because we know that , if we altered a gene in the fertilized egg , we might alter the shape of the future elephant .

The appointment in every county of three elected commissioners to hear and determine pleas relating to breaches of the Charters , however , was rendered illusory by Edward 's reservations and exceptions .
the appointment in every county of three elected commissioners to hear and [find out] pleas relating to breaches of the charters , however , was rendered illusory by edward 's reservations and exceptions .

In November 1341 , for instance , Robert Parning the Chancellor , Bartholomew Burghersh , Justice of the Forest south of Trent , and two other judges were appointed to inquire into , hear and determine and punish ‘ trespasses , wastes and excesses ’ committed by the officers of the Forest and other royal officials in Northamptonshire .
in november 1341 , for instance , robert parning the chancellor , bartholomew burghersh , justice of the forest south of trent , and two other judges were appointed to inquire into , hear and [find out] and punish ‘ trespasses , wastes and excesses ’ committed by the officers of the forest and other royal officials in northamptonshire .

Scotland had of course been embroiled in the long-standing hostility between England and France before ; but not until the 1540s and 1550s did these powers actually try to determine the government and internal affairs of the country .
scotland had of course been embroiled in the long-standing hostility between england and france before ; but not until the 1540s and 1550s did these powers actually try to [find out] the government and internal affairs of the country .

But it was events during the 1550s , rather than the situation at the beginning of the decade , which were to determine that .
but it was events during the 1550s , rather than the situation at the beginning of the decade , which were to [find out] that .

The new regent was given the opportunity to determine a much more clear-cut policy than that of the 1540s .
the new regent was given the opportunity to [find out] a much more clear-cut policy than that of the 1540s .

Chancellor Metternich , the reactionary old fox who did so much to determine the shape of Europe 's political advances after the downfall of Napoleon , did not like parliaments and , so far as possible , did without them .
chancellor metternich , the reactionary old fox who did so much to [find out] the shape of europe 's political advances after the downfall of napoleon , did not like parliaments and , so far as possible , did without them .

The horse 's temperament , along with the effects of its environment , learning , and handling by people , will determine the horse 's mature personality for better or for worse .
the horse 's temperament , along with the effects of its environment , learning , and handling by people , will [find out] the horse 's mature personality for better or for worse .

The horse 's temperament is extremely important to us , because as its basis of personality it will interact with our personality and determine how successful our horse-partnership will be .
the horse 's temperament is extremely important to us , because as its basis of personality it will interact with our personality and [find out] how successful our horse-partnership will be .

They will determine whether a horse is willing or uncooperative ; docile or aggressive ; confident or anxious ; sensible or unpredictable ; trustworthy or mean ; friendly or standoffish ; tolerant or impatient ; and animated or placid .
they will [find out] whether a horse is willing or uncooperative ; docile or aggressive ; confident or anxious ; sensible or unpredictable ; trustworthy or mean ; friendly or standoffish ; tolerant or impatient ; and animated or placid .

How we look , we are taught , will determine whether men find us attractive , whether we get a boyfriend , whether we are considered sexy or desirable .
how we look , we are taught , will [find out] whether men find us attractive , whether we get a boyfriend , whether we are considered sexy or desirable .

Once coins have been classified into groups , the next stage is to determine the exact date of a coin 's manufacture or the precise location of its mint .
once coins have been classified into groups , the next stage is to [find out] the exact date of a coin 's manufacture or the precise location of its mint .

In discussion of the proposal to Islamicize Libyan law , both old and young took their turn at the microphone , the older men serious , sometimes passionate , arguing both sides : they set their approval of particular measures — the prohibition of alcohol , for example — against their fear of further state interference in religious affairs , derived from unstated resentment of Qaddafi 's arrogation to himself of the power to determine what Islam might be .
in discussion of the proposal to islamicize libyan law , both old and young took their turn at the microphone , the older men serious , sometimes passionate , arguing both sides : they set their approval of particular measures — the prohibition of alcohol , for example — against their fear of further state interference in religious affairs , derived from unstated resentment of qaddafi 's arrogation to himself of the power to [find out] what islam might be .

Thirdly , Qaddafi does not clearly determine the issue of recruitment .
thirdly , qaddafi does not clearly [find out] the issue of recruitment .

So it is necessary to try to find an explanation for the continued existence of the stateless image among Zuwaya , and for its periodic episodic salience , its power to determine action in a modern state .
so it is necessary to try to find an explanation for the continued existence of the stateless image among zuwaya , and for its periodic episodic salience , its power to [find out] action in a modern state .

The next stage again involved research , to determine the best way of selling the rejigged brand .
the next stage again involved research , to [find out] the best way of selling the rejigged brand .

a jurisdiction to determine all questions as to the ownership of ships and goods captured at sea by a belligerent .
a jurisdiction to [find out] all questions as to the ownership of ships and goods captured at sea by a belligerent .

These requirements were substantially met before 1969 by the creation of discretionary trusts , by which property is given to trustees upon trust to apply the income on capital in favour of such one or more members of a group of beneficiaries as the trustees shall in their absolute discretion determine .
these requirements were substantially met before 1969 by the creation of discretionary trusts , by which property is given to trustees upon trust to apply the income on capital in favour of such one or more members of a group of beneficiaries as the trustees shall in their absolute discretion [find out] .

The story demonstrates the urgent need for similar studies to be undertaken in other parts of the world to determine the status of the many other dolphin species about which we know so little .
the story demonstrates the urgent need for similar studies to be undertaken in other parts of the world to [find out] the status of the many other dolphin species about which we know so little .

The size of the sausage will determine how long the drying process will take , but it is of paramount importance that the meat is perfectly dry if it is to store well .
the size of the sausage will [find out] how long the drying process will take , but it is of paramount importance that the meat is perfectly dry if it is to store well .

Indeed , unless our desires do determine our actions , we are not free .
indeed , unless our desires do [find out] our actions , we are not free .

They leave the state of nature ‘ by setting up a judge on earth with authority to determine all the controversies and redress the injuries that may happen to any member of the commonwealth ’ .
they leave the state of nature ‘ by setting up a judge on earth with authority to [find out] all the controversies and redress the injuries that may happen to any member of the commonwealth ’ .

He points out that sometimes we have control over our ideas , and sometimes not : often we can set ourselves to imagine what we want ; at other times , however , as in broad daylight , ‘ it is not in my power to … determine what particular objects shall present themselves to my view ’ .
he points out that sometimes we have control over our ideas , and sometimes not : often we can set ourselves to imagine what we want ; at other times , however , as in broad daylight , ‘ it is not in my power to … [find out] what particular objects shall present themselves to my view ’ .

As for these general ideas , ideas of particular things , they come to be general by our ‘ separating from them … [ any detail ] … that may determine them to this or that particular existence ’ .
as for these general ideas , ideas of particular things , they come to be general by our ‘ separating from them … [ any detail ] … that may [find out] them to this or that particular existence ’ .

How state governments approach the budget deficits now facing them will determine whether the coming year sees a further round of downgrading of public authorities ' credit ratings .
how state governments approach the budget deficits now facing them will [find out] whether the coming year sees a further round of downgrading of public authorities ' credit ratings .

To determine whether the dark patches on the computer map mean weeds , trees or crops , aid workers have to visit the spot .
to [find out] whether the dark patches on the computer map mean weeds , trees or crops , aid workers have to visit the spot .

The only realistic question that poses itself is whether Britain can help to determine the how and the when of reunification .
the only realistic question that poses itself is whether britain can help to [find out] the how and the when of reunification .

It is for broadcasting authorities to determine what constitutes the appropriate degree of impartiality , and they must not lose sight of their obligation not to include in their programmes matter which is likely to encourage or incite crime or be offensive to public feeling .
it is for broadcasting authorities to [find out] what constitutes the appropriate degree of impartiality , and they must not lose sight of their obligation not to include in their programmes matter which is likely to encourage or incite crime or be offensive to public feeling .

But a team from the Norfolk Archaeological Unit , led by Mr Brian Ayers , has been excavating the bridge at the request of Norwich City Council in order to determine its structural soundness and its history .
but a team from the norfolk archaeological unit , led by mr brian ayers , has been excavating the bridge at the request of norwich city council in order to [find out] its structural soundness and its history .

Less easy to determine is precisely what impact the newcomers , a familiar mixture of trade union officials and members of the teaching profession , would have on the political hue of the parliamentary party .
less easy to [find out] is precisely what impact the newcomers , a familiar mixture of trade union officials and members of the teaching profession , would have on the political hue of the parliamentary party .

It will determine who forms a government on Friday and who governs our country for five years , ’ said Mr Major .
it will [find out] who forms a government on friday and who governs our country for five years , ’ said mr major .

The election is so close that the slightest shift in voter opinion during the next 80 to 90 hours not only could , but probably would , determine the outcome .
the election is so close that the slightest shift in voter opinion during the next 80 to 90 hours not only could , but probably would , [find out] the outcome .

To identify any animal properly , the first stage is to determine to which phylum it belongs .
to identify any animal properly , the first stage is to [find out] to which phylum it belongs .

They evolved rapidly and spread widely , and with a little experience a glance at an assemblage of graptolites on a shale surface can be used to determine the approximate age of deposition of the rock .
they evolved rapidly and spread widely , and with a little experience a glance at an assemblage of graptolites on a shale surface can be used to [find out] the approximate age of deposition of the rock .

In this chapter some of the ways in which palaeontologists determine the way fossil animals lived are described , reanimating the dead fragments to build up a living creature .
in this chapter some of the ways in which palaeontologists [find out] the way fossil animals lived are described , reanimating the dead fragments to build up a living creature .

Recent Draft Treaties provide for majority voting in the Council of Ministers to determine economic policy , to decide whether a member state is running an ‘ excessive ’ budget deficit and to impose the ‘ appropriate penalties ’ if necessary .
recent draft treaties provide for majority voting in the council of ministers to [find out] economic policy , to decide whether a member state is running an ‘ excessive ’ budget deficit and to impose the ‘ appropriate penalties ’ if necessary .

The length of the holiday you have booked will determine the period of your insurance cover .
the length of the holiday you have booked will [find out] the period of your insurance cover .

The same requirements will determine how successful exporters will be in 1992 when attempting to increase market share in the European Community .
the same requirements will [find out] how successful exporters will be in 1992 when attempting to increase market share in the european community .

Firstly , it is appropriate to examine some broad themes from the commercial — industrial fields and secondly it is proposed to specify a series of inter-related questions which , taken together , will determine our approach to the location and thus the nature of education management .
firstly , it is appropriate to examine some broad themes from the commercial — industrial fields and secondly it is proposed to specify a series of inter-related questions which , taken together , will [find out] our approach to the location and thus the nature of education management .

At this stage management needs to determine how the data will be stored and who is to co-ordinate the process .
at this stage management needs to [find out] how the data will be stored and who is to co-ordinate the process .

The logical quantitative measurement would be the number of books borrowed but this does not determine whether these have been read or enjoyed .
the logical quantitative measurement would be the number of books borrowed but this does not [find out] whether these have been read or enjoyed .

Several people felt that this figure could determine their acceptance or rejection of the whole scheme .
several people felt that this figure could [find out] their acceptance or rejection of the whole scheme .

There are a large number of variables influencing the effectiveness of a work-group and the extent to which they are effectively managed will determine how far groups , coalitions and regular meetings become teams .
there are a large number of variables influencing the effectiveness of a work-group and the extent to which they are effectively managed will [find out] how far groups , coalitions and regular meetings become teams .

Although it is difficult to determine what was the original material from which these rocks were derived , the general consensus of opinion is that the original material was of igneous origin , with the old term orthogneiss being used to describe these rocks in the past .
although it is difficult to [find out] what was the original material from which these rocks were derived , the general consensus of opinion is that the original material was of igneous origin , with the old term orthogneiss being used to describe these rocks in the past .

There are only about one hundred different kinds of atoms in the Universe , each kind known as an element ; and we know that this is the case because we know the fundamental laws of chemistry that determine the structure of atoms , and can see that only a certain number of structures are theoretically possible .
there are only about one hundred different kinds of atoms in the universe , each kind known as an element ; and we know that this is the case because we know the fundamental laws of chemistry that [find out] the structure of atoms , and can see that only a certain number of structures are theoretically possible .

Thus proteins ( in the form of enzymes ) largely determine the second-by-second activity of the cell ( the cell 's metabolism ) ; and also account for much of the structure of each cell .
thus proteins ( in the form of enzymes ) largely [find out] the second-by-second activity of the cell ( the cell 's metabolism ) ; and also account for much of the structure of each cell .

It is theoretically possible in each case to work out the maximum sustainable yield , and to determine which classes of the animal — superfluous young ones , superfluous males , old ones — can safely be caught without damaging the stocks .
it is theoretically possible in each case to work out the maximum sustainable yield , and to [find out] which classes of the animal — superfluous young ones , superfluous males , old ones — can safely be caught without damaging the stocks .

As the harem matures , however , the females show a close collaboration that can oppose a male effectively ; they determine the direction of movement and the male has little control .
as the harem matures , however , the females show a close collaboration that can oppose a male effectively ; they [find out] the direction of movement and the male has little control .

Because , he claims , ‘ one can not conceive of an observation which would enable one to determine whether the Absolute did , or did not , enter into evolution and progress ’ , then whoever makes a theological statement like the one above ‘ has made an utterance which has no literal significance even for himself ’ .
because , he claims , ‘ one can not conceive of an observation which would enable one to [find out] whether the absolute did , or did not , enter into evolution and progress ’ , then whoever makes a theological statement like the one above ‘ has made an utterance which has no literal significance even for himself ’ .

They have turned towards an inner contact with Christ based upon faith which has sought to bypass the historical research that sought to determine , with an accuracy previous centuries could never manage , the nature of Jesus of Nazareth .
they have turned towards an inner contact with christ based upon faith which has sought to bypass the historical research that sought to [find out] , with an accuracy previous centuries could never manage , the nature of jesus of nazareth .

They are more powerful actors on the stage than the human ones , but they neither built the set nor determine the play .
they are more powerful actors on the stage than the human ones , but they neither built the set nor [find out] the play .

In this way you can try systematically to determine what forces lie behind the unwanted behaviour .
in this way you can try systematically to [find out] what forces lie behind the unwanted behaviour .

Step 5 Determine the extent of this behaviour ; does its frequency or seriousness justify your efforts to try and alter it ?
step 5 [find out] the extent of this behaviour ; does its frequency or seriousness justify your efforts to try and alter it ?

analysed so as to determine its exact elements and how these are spread across the negotiating parties
analysed so as to [find out] its exact elements and how these are spread across the negotiating parties

It is certainly tempting to set artificial boundaries such as salary level , size of empire or status in order to determine which employees should receive which kind of information .
it is certainly tempting to set artificial boundaries such as salary level , size of empire or status in order to [find out] which employees should receive which kind of information .

We do not know the exact site of the body clock in humans for the obvious reason that experiments to determine this are unethical .
we do not know the exact site of the body clock in humans for the obvious reason that experiments to [find out] this are unethical .

In practice , during our waking hours we are subject to social conventions and personal routines which jointly determine when we eat , relax , work , have parties , etc .
in practice , during our waking hours we are subject to social conventions and personal routines which jointly [find out] when we eat , relax , work , have parties , etc .

However , one of the most important decisions he has yet to make will determine the fate of the group 's involvement in Aviemore , frequently referred to as ‘ Stakisville ’ thanks to its ownership of three hotels and the Aviemore Centre itself .
however , one of the most important decisions he has yet to make will [find out] the fate of the group 's involvement in aviemore , frequently referred to as ‘ stakisville ’ thanks to its ownership of three hotels and the aviemore centre itself .

Allen-Martin includes in its range advanced energy management systems using techniques such as sonic sensors to determine when a room is occupied , but the company also has a more down-to-earth suggestion .
allen-martin includes in its range advanced energy management systems using techniques such as sonic sensors to [find out] when a room is occupied , but the company also has a more down-to-earth suggestion .

‘ The problem with recycling is that we can not determine the colour of waste material in advance .
‘ the problem with recycling is that we can not [find out] the colour of waste material in advance .

‘ It is the community who should , in the main , determine whether police are to be involved in resolving community conflicts .
‘ it is the community who should , in the main , [find out] whether police are to be involved in resolving community conflicts .

How far Warnie emulated at this stage of life his father 's fondness for a little drop of whiskey , and at what point he began his calamintous descent into alcoholism is not easy to determine .
how far warnie emulated at this stage of life his father 's fondness for a little drop of whiskey , and at what point he began his calamintous descent into alcoholism is not easy to [find out] .

It was not plain sailing and orthodox and ‘ liberal ’ Communists will be at each others ' throats — at local level — until they hold a full congress next January to determine new policies once and for all and to approve new leaders .
it was not plain sailing and orthodox and ‘ liberal ’ communists will be at each others ' throats — at local level — until they hold a full congress next january to [find out] new policies once and for all and to approve new leaders .

In the latter case the policewoman has to write a report on the child for the superintendent to determine whether or not prosecution should follow .
in the latter case the policewoman has to write a report on the child for the superintendent to [find out] whether or not prosecution should follow .

No one denied litigants the right to prosecute their appeals in person , but deprived of the benefit of the assistance of counsel , it could take longer to hear and determine the application or appeal .
no one denied litigants the right to prosecute their appeals in person , but deprived of the benefit of the assistance of counsel , it could take longer to hear and [find out] the application or appeal .

The nuns , therefore , had no opportunity to determine whether the Ministry could have been wrong , she said .
the nuns , therefore , had no opportunity to [find out] whether the ministry could have been wrong , she said .

Belief in the impassibility of God , it is worth noting , was developed in the early Christian centuries against the background of popular religious belief in the world of that day , where gods were no more than human beings on a large scale , subject to the same contingencies , passions , frustrations and feelings of pain or pleasure that determine human nature .
belief in the impassibility of god , it is worth noting , was developed in the early christian centuries against the background of popular religious belief in the world of that day , where gods were no more than human beings on a large scale , subject to the same contingencies , passions , frustrations and feelings of pain or pleasure that [find out] human nature .

Their relations to one another determine the syntax ( that is , the grammar ) of the language they constitute , and their causal relations to the external world determine their semantics ( that is , what they are about or refer to ) .
their relations to one another [find out] the syntax ( that is , the grammar ) of the language they constitute , and their causal relations to the external world [find out] their semantics ( that is , what they are about or refer to ) .

To describe self-governed perceptual sequences , Kant gave the example of scanning the front elevation of a building ; in doing which we determine what we see and the order in which we see it — roof , front-door , top-left-hand window , and so forth .
to describe self-governed perceptual sequences , kant gave the example of scanning the front elevation of a building ; in doing which we [find out] what we see and the order in which we see it — roof , front-door , top-left-hand window , and so forth .

Thus , there is some degree of selfdetermination in the ship case because we are free to shut our eyes , to cross the river and see it move from right to left , free to jump into the water and watch it coming towards us , free to determine the speed with which it passes across our visual field by moving our eyes with or against its movement .
thus , there is some degree of selfdetermination in the ship case because we are free to shut our eyes , to cross the river and see it move from right to left , free to jump into the water and watch it coming towards us , free to [find out] the speed with which it passes across our visual field by moving our eyes with or against its movement .

The Environmental Health Officer will however carry out a Financial Test of resources to determine how much , if anything , you are expected to pay towards the ‘ reasonable ’ costs .
the environmental health officer will however carry out a financial test of resources to [find out] how much , if anything , you are expected to pay towards the ‘ reasonable ’ costs .

In an interview with the popular intellectual magazine Magill in June , Archbishop MacNamara found he could not accept that the state had the power to determine the meaning and nature of marriage and compared the effects of divorce to the recent Chernobyl nuclear disaster .
in an interview with the popular intellectual magazine magill in june , archbishop macnamara found he could not accept that the state had the power to [find out] the meaning and nature of marriage and compared the effects of divorce to the recent chernobyl nuclear disaster .

The amount of protein and carbohydrate in the diet will determine how much repair and development can take place , and also how much energy is available to train with .
the amount of protein and carbohydrate in the diet will [find out] how much repair and development can take place , and also how much energy is available to train with .

And they have been in a position to determine the way they are investigated and the manner of their public exposure .
and they have been in a position to [find out] the way they are investigated and the manner of their public exposure .

Ronald Fraser was not trying to determine , like certain historians of former times , what his past ‘ really was ’ .
ronald fraser was not trying to [find out] , like certain historians of former times , what his past ‘ really was ’ .

Price recommends all caterers to not only determine the micron thickness when looking at silver-plated cutlery , but also to ask for this to be specified on the invoice .
price recommends all caterers to not only [find out] the micron thickness when looking at silver-plated cutlery , but also to ask for this to be specified on the invoice .

There was a saucy additional note from British Customs and Excise , who had opened the package upon arrival , to determine any duties payable .
there was a saucy additional note from british customs and excise , who had opened the package upon arrival , to [find out] any duties payable .

One or two fingers of one hand are inserted into the vagina , while the other hand feels the lower abdomen , and in this way , using both hands , the doctor can determine the outline , shape , and size of the contents of the pelvis .
one or two fingers of one hand are inserted into the vagina , while the other hand feels the lower abdomen , and in this way , using both hands , the doctor can [find out] the outline , shape , and size of the contents of the pelvis .

At Dunollie Point , where the bottom and the life varies considerably , we looked at natural navigation using the bottom , the current , the life , and at how you could use kick cycles , and time , to determine distance covered .
at dunollie point , where the bottom and the life varies considerably , we looked at natural navigation using the bottom , the current , the life , and at how you could use kick cycles , and time , to [find out] distance covered .

You must first determine your present fitness level .
you must first [find out] your present fitness level .

( Dec 22-Jan 20 ) The planetary heavyweights — Saturn , Neptune and Uranus — are still passing through your own birth sign and when all things are said and done , life — as any self-respecting Capricorn will readily admit — is not exactly a barrel of laughs at the moment . In fact , it is extremely hard to determine just exactly where you are experiencing the most hostility and hassle — at home or at work ?
( dec 22-jan 20 ) the planetary heavyweights — saturn , neptune and uranus — are still passing through your own birth sign and when all things are said and done , life — as any self-respecting capricorn will readily admit — is not exactly a barrel of laughs at the moment . in fact , it is extremely hard to [find out] just exactly where you are experiencing the most hostility and hassle — at home or at work ?

It was this outfit which made her age so hard to determine .
it was this outfit which made her age so hard to [find out] .

The general objective of a stability test is to determine whether a given product in the container in which it is to be marketed has an adequate shelf-life under the conditions of the market in which it is to be sold .
the general objective of a stability test is to [find out] whether a given product in the container in which it is to be marketed has an adequate shelf-life under the conditions of the market in which it is to be sold .

to determine whether classification ( demixing ) of powders or granular products is liable to occur ;
to [find out] whether classification ( demixing ) of powders or granular products is liable to occur ;

There is urgent need to determine the limits of production … if we are to avoid the danger of trying to extract more from the land than it is capable of yielding .
there is urgent need to [find out] the limits of production … if we are to avoid the danger of trying to extract more from the land than it is capable of yielding .

Soil and climate , which should be taken together , determine the land potential ( see Chapter 2 ) and largely dictate the main types of farming — arable , stock-rearing , fattening , dairying , etc .
soil and climate , which should be taken together , [find out] the land potential ( see chapter 2 ) and largely dictate the main types of farming — arable , stock-rearing , fattening , dairying , etc .

You must now determine what financial help you need ( including Government subsidies for such things as new buildings , fencing , hedging , hill cattle , and sheep ) , what it will cost , and how it is to be repaid .
you must now [find out] what financial help you need ( including government subsidies for such things as new buildings , fencing , hedging , hill cattle , and sheep ) , what it will cost , and how it is to be repaid .

Having worked out the capital expenditure and borrowing requirement , you can determine what surplus income will be needed to repay the loans , plus interest , over a given number of years . It is not difficult to see that a smallholding can not support a large mortgage as well as a family !
having worked out the capital expenditure and borrowing requirement , you can [find out] what surplus income will be needed to repay the loans , plus interest , over a given number of years . it is not difficult to see that a smallholding can not support a large mortgage as well as a family !

Experiments are now being conducted near Reading to determine yields and to develop a suitable threshing technique .
experiments are now being conducted near reading to [find out] yields and to develop a suitable threshing technique .

Once it was recognised that any kind of cancer had an identifiable cause , it was natural to try and determine the exact chemical identity of the substances responsible ( the ‘ carcinogens ’ ) .
once it was recognised that any kind of cancer had an identifiable cause , it was natural to try and [find out] the exact chemical identity of the substances responsible ( the ‘ carcinogens ’ ) .

Attempts to determine their molecular weight suggested that proteins were behaving as though they were substances with a fixed and definite composition and , probably , structure .
attempts to [find out] their molecular weight suggested that proteins were behaving as though they were substances with a fixed and definite composition and , probably , structure .

The character of the Rottweiler consists of the sum of all the inherited and acquired physical and mental attributes , qualities and abilities , which determine and regulate his behaviour toward his surroundings .
the character of the rottweiler consists of the sum of all the inherited and acquired physical and mental attributes , qualities and abilities , which [find out] and regulate his behaviour toward his surroundings .

The essential point is that real interest rates effectively determine the cost of housing to the homebuyer .
the essential point is that real interest rates effectively [find out] the cost of housing to the homebuyer .

Incidentally , there will be an 8.30am inspection today to determine prospects for tomorrow 's meeting at Hereford .
incidentally , there will be an 8.30am inspection today to [find out] prospects for tomorrow 's meeting at hereford .

The chance-throw of the exam would almost certainly determine the quality of much of the rest of their lives .
the chance-throw of the exam would almost certainly [find out] the quality of much of the rest of their lives .

What better weapon to determine the Dodge 's real prowess than Vauxhall 's Carlton GSi 3000 24v — in left-hand-drive Opel-badged form — an instant favourite with Autocar & Motor 's road testers and a value-for-money benchmark among sporting saloons .
what better weapon to [find out] the dodge 's real prowess than vauxhall 's carlton gsi 3000 24v — in left-hand-drive opel-badged form — an instant favourite with autocar & motor 's road testers and a value-for-money benchmark among sporting saloons .

In some respects , you have to determine what your strong characteristics are and then use them .
in some respects , you have to [find out] what your strong characteristics are and then use them .

These are the tests which determine what is education and what is not .
these are the tests which [find out] what is education and what is not .

It was difficult to determine from which direction they were coming due to the thickly wooded area that we were dug-in .
it was difficult to [find out] from which direction they were coming due to the thickly wooded area that we were dug-in .

The political defeats of the 1930s ‘ shipwreck ’ the avant-garde , and furthermore , through a kind of extension ( since one assumes Anderson 's tripartite conjuncture fuelled even those Modernist forms which did not quite take the transformatory step into engaged avant-gardism ) come to determine ‘ the more general exhaustion of Modernism ’ .
the political defeats of the 1930s ‘ shipwreck ’ the avant-garde , and furthermore , through a kind of extension ( since one assumes anderson 's tripartite conjuncture fuelled even those modernist forms which did not quite take the transformatory step into engaged avant-gardism ) come to [find out] ‘ the more general exhaustion of modernism ’ .

Having decided the touring period and the size of halls a band will play , the agent 's job is to work with local promoters to determine the ticket price .
having decided the touring period and the size of halls a band will play , the agent 's job is to work with local promoters to [find out] the ticket price .

More difficult to determine is the extent to which aid has freed resources for consumption , and so done little to increase investment levels in the manner envisaged by Rostow or Chenery .
more difficult to [find out] is the extent to which aid has freed resources for consumption , and so done little to increase investment levels in the manner envisaged by rostow or chenery .

Our society and culture , together with our spiritual awareness , has built a structure over the years to help us remember those people and events that have done much to determine the kind of lives we live today , and that part of the structure that relates to the Royal Air Force has , of course , a special interest for our Association .
our society and culture , together with our spiritual awareness , has built a structure over the years to help us remember those people and events that have done much to [find out] the kind of lives we live today , and that part of the structure that relates to the royal air force has , of course , a special interest for our association .

The extent to which the maximum wage was regularly breached is difficult to determine .
the extent to which the maximum wage was regularly breached is difficult to [find out] .

As Whale ( 1977 , p. 84 ) argues : ‘ It is readers who determine the character of newspapers .
as whale ( 1977 , p. 84 ) argues : ‘ it is readers who [find out] the character of newspapers .

Also contrary to the speculations of media sociologists , television not only failed to determine what the electorate thought , it also failed to determine what they thought about , though it did communicate to the electorate what the parties were fighting about .
also contrary to the speculations of media sociologists , television not only failed to [find out] what the electorate thought , it also failed to [find out] what they thought about , though it did communicate to the electorate what the parties were fighting about .

Marx 's whole work was an attempt to show that this image was false ; that there was nothing inevitable about all this , but rather that this apparent powerlessness of the worker to determine the wage was the product of the distribution of property and especially of the distribution of the ownership of such things as land , machines , tools , etc .
marx 's whole work was an attempt to show that this image was false ; that there was nothing inevitable about all this , but rather that this apparent powerlessness of the worker to [find out] the wage was the product of the distribution of property and especially of the distribution of the ownership of such things as land , machines , tools , etc .

Judge Kazuo Kato declared that ‘ having received the trust of the people , the state has the authority to determine the content of a child 's education ’ .
judge kazuo kato declared that ‘ having received the trust of the people , the state has the authority to [find out] the content of a child 's education ’ .

This could last several years and might eventually lead to more talks to determine the final status of the occupied territories .
this could last several years and might eventually lead to more talks to [find out] the final status of the occupied territories .

‘ It is impossible to determine the precise motive , ’ a spokesman for the Brussels prosecutor 's office commented .
‘ it is impossible to [find out] the precise motive , ’ a spokesman for the brussels prosecutor 's office commented .

It wants the Interim Advisory Committee , which will determine the profession 's pay increase for the 1990-91 year , to be allowed to remedy the error by using new money over and above the £600m limit the Government has set on the global sum available for any increase .
it wants the interim advisory committee , which will [find out] the profession 's pay increase for the 1990-91 year , to be allowed to remedy the error by using new money over and above the £600m limit the government has set on the global sum available for any increase .

On other issues , such as nuclear weapons , it could construct a broad enough coalition to determine party policy ( or , at the very least , limit Mr Kinnock 's room for manoeuvre ) .
on other issues , such as nuclear weapons , it could construct a broad enough coalition to [find out] party policy ( or , at the very least , limit mr kinnock 's room for manoeuvre ) .

In her will , published yesterday , she decreed the money should be distributed by Mr Paisley among ‘ the Protestant community of Northern Ireland suffering financial distress as a result of terrorist activity within the Province , as he shall determine ’ .
in her will , published yesterday , she decreed the money should be distributed by mr paisley among ‘ the protestant community of northern ireland suffering financial distress as a result of terrorist activity within the province , as he shall [find out] ’ .

Although these techniques developed by Sibbald et al ( 25 ) using a computer programme to determine the optimum allocation of land to agriculture and forestry make it possible to reach a more objective decision about the allocation of land to agriculture or forestry in an integrated scheme we , as yet , know little or nothing about the impact of agriculture or forest development on rural communities .
although these techniques developed by sibbald et al ( 25 ) using a computer programme to [find out] the optimum allocation of land to agriculture and forestry make it possible to reach a more objective decision about the allocation of land to agriculture or forestry in an integrated scheme we , as yet , know little or nothing about the impact of agriculture or forest development on rural communities .

Probation … is a test or trial of the character of a convicted offender under suspension of judgment , in order that the court may determine if the probationer be fit to retain his or her place as a helpful member of society , or being unfit , must be deprived of his or her liberty as a menace to society .
probation … is a test or trial of the character of a convicted offender under suspension of judgment , in order that the court may [find out] if the probationer be fit to retain his or her place as a helpful member of society , or being unfit , must be deprived of his or her liberty as a menace to society .

Mogulof ( 1974 ) sees a dialectic in which the establishment and the change agent system determine how much participation they will allow , while the client system decides how strong is its desire or demand for participation .
mogulof ( 1974 ) sees a dialectic in which the establishment and the change agent system [find out] how much participation they will allow , while the client system decides how strong is its desire or demand for participation .

Such action does not determine what economic activities should be undertaken , but it does provide a framework for discovering and solving problems common to the community as a whole .
such action does not [find out] what economic activities should be undertaken , but it does provide a framework for discovering and solving problems common to the community as a whole .

It undertook feasibility studies to determine the usefulness of various techniques as applied to frescos and plasterwork .
it undertook feasibility studies to [find out] the usefulness of various techniques as applied to frescos and plasterwork .

It is these minerals and whether the water is hard or soft that determine the taste of beer .
it is these minerals and whether the water is hard or soft that [find out] the taste of beer .

What will ultimately determine the profitability of the industry , he believes , is how well it copes with the factors affecting the bottom line : feedstock costs ; overcapacity and the economic conditions .
what will ultimately [find out] the profitability of the industry , he believes , is how well it copes with the factors affecting the bottom line : feedstock costs ; overcapacity and the economic conditions .

This shadowing phenomenon can be used to determine nearest neighbour interatomic distances in surfaces .
this shadowing phenomenon can be used to [find out] nearest neighbour interatomic distances in surfaces .

This can be used to determine the outermost or reactive species and the near surface concentration distribution .
this can be used to [find out] the outermost or reactive species and the near surface concentration distribution .

The ruck — ball on the ground — attracts the same experimental variation except when the referee is unable to determine the team responsible .
the ruck — ball on the ground — attracts the same experimental variation except when the referee is unable to [find out] the team responsible .

‘ The same will apply to a ruck if the ball becomes unplayable except when the referee is unable to determine the team responsible .
‘ the same will apply to a ruck if the ball becomes unplayable except when the referee is unable to [find out] the team responsible .

The way forward involves the production of more and better services , but that in turn implies an effective flow of information about what consumers really need and want , and a strong link between field workers and the planners who determine the services to be produced .
the way forward involves the production of more and better services , but that in turn implies an effective flow of information about what consumers really need and want , and a strong link between field workers and the planners who [find out] the services to be produced .

The rails of your board determine how well it sails upwind and its ability to maintain grip at speed on a reach and during a turn .
the rails of your board [find out] how well it sails upwind and its ability to maintain grip at speed on a reach and during a turn .

Otherwise , the position of the feet along with the amount of weight placed through the booms onto the mastfoot determine the angle of heel .
otherwise , the position of the feet along with the amount of weight placed through the booms onto the mastfoot [find out] the angle of heel .

Enterprises that needed foreign exchange to pay for imports or for other purposes were then to make application to the banks , which were to determine the amount of each enterprise 's ‘ socially verified needs ’ , based on its use of foreign exchange in the previous year and its export performance in that year .
enterprises that needed foreign exchange to pay for imports or for other purposes were then to make application to the banks , which were to [find out] the amount of each enterprise 's ‘ socially verified needs ’ , based on its use of foreign exchange in the previous year and its export performance in that year .

Exploration is under way to determine whether the life of the mine can be extended beyond the spring of 1990 .
exploration is under way to [find out] whether the life of the mine can be extended beyond the spring of 1990 .

The decision of an inferior tribunal with a limited jurisdiction and a limited function to perform is capable of creating an estoppel for all purposes , subject to the principles that it can not conclusively determine the limits of its own jurisdiction and that a public official can not be debarred from performing his statutory duty .
the decision of an inferior tribunal with a limited jurisdiction and a limited function to perform is capable of creating an estoppel for all purposes , subject to the principles that it can not conclusively [find out] the limits of its own jurisdiction and that a public official can not be debarred from performing his statutory duty .

It must yield to the principles that a tribunal of limited jurisdiction could not be permitted conclusively to determine the limits of its own jurisdiction and that a public official could not be debarred from performing his statutory duty .
it must yield to the principles that a tribunal of limited jurisdiction could not be permitted conclusively to [find out] the limits of its own jurisdiction and that a public official could not be debarred from performing his statutory duty .

Local authorities using video cameras determine their own controls .
local authorities using video cameras [find out] their own controls .

They had refused to supply details of alleged infection and this deprived the nuns of a chance to determine whether mistakes had been made , the lawyers said .
they had refused to supply details of alleged infection and this deprived the nuns of a chance to [find out] whether mistakes had been made , the lawyers said .

There have been no scientific studies to determine whether the eggs themselves are infected .
there have been no scientific studies to [find out] whether the eggs themselves are infected .

They determine repertoire , secure multi-million-pound recording contracts , hire and fire players .
they [find out] repertoire , secure multi-million-pound recording contracts , hire and fire players .

Practical experience will determine whether this heralds an assimilation of prosecution policy within public disorder and private or ‘ domestic ’ violence .
practical experience will [find out] whether this heralds an assimilation of prosecution policy within public disorder and private or ‘ domestic ’ violence .

Protein and CGIs determine cattle sale prices .
protein and cgis [find out] cattle sale prices .

To whom in particular the blame for this disaster should be attributed , it is for someone in the ministry with all the facts at their fingertips to determine . Michael Gaisford
to whom in particular the blame for this disaster should be attributed , it is for someone in the ministry with all the facts at their fingertips to [find out] . michael gaisford

Mr Beckett makes the point that before embarking on such a venture the land would need to be fully assessed to determine the stocking rate .
mr beckett makes the point that before embarking on such a venture the land would need to be fully assessed to [find out] the stocking rate .

Only four factors can determine the rate of population growth — migration , the age of marriage , death rates and birth rates .
only four factors can [find out] the rate of population growth — migration , the age of marriage , death rates and birth rates .

It is possible that against a long-term downward movement of population , perhaps sparked off by a variety of economic concerns , the economic depression helped to determine the immediate attitudes in some of the old declining industrial centres just as the prospect of prosperity , and the accumulation of consumer goods and property , may have stimulated a desire to control family size among the population of the expanding industrial centres of the Midlands and the South East .
it is possible that against a long-term downward movement of population , perhaps sparked off by a variety of economic concerns , the economic depression helped to [find out] the immediate attitudes in some of the old declining industrial centres just as the prospect of prosperity , and the accumulation of consumer goods and property , may have stimulated a desire to control family size among the population of the expanding industrial centres of the midlands and the south east .

At the Economic Planning Council he had expected to see Clem Bunker , but he was absent , holding his own meeting with the vehicle plant conveners in an attempt to determine the truth about the sacking incident and to resolve the dispute .
at the economic planning council he had expected to see clem bunker , but he was absent , holding his own meeting with the vehicle plant conveners in an attempt to [find out] the truth about the sacking incident and to resolve the dispute .

Spanish rules and regulations then determine what percentage of total output will be exported and what the local component content will be .
spanish rules and regulations then [find out] what percentage of total output will be exported and what the local component content will be .

They determine whether Britain is to be a winner or loser country .
they [find out] whether britain is to be a winner or loser country .

Thus the Tibetan Book of the Dead had stressed that ‘ on whatever sphere of being the mind of a man may be intent at the time of death ’ , this would determine his future state .
thus the tibetan book of the dead had stressed that ‘ on whatever sphere of being the mind of a man may be intent at the time of death ’ , this would [find out] his future state .

If an object is to be sourced , the first step is to determine the composition of the raw materials of the most probable sources .
if an object is to be sourced , the first step is to [find out] the composition of the raw materials of the most probable sources .

Such examination may also help us to determine provenance by revealing inclusions characteristic of particular geological sources .
such examination may also help us to [find out] provenance by revealing inclusions characteristic of particular geological sources .

To assign them to a calendar scale and determine the sizes of the intervals between them requires absolute dating methods , such as those described above or those based on radioactive decay .
to assign them to a calendar scale and [find out] the sizes of the intervals between them requires absolute dating methods , such as those described above or those based on radioactive decay .

Furthermore , to determine the date of actual usage , allowance must be made for seasoning of the timber .
furthermore , to [find out] the date of actual usage , allowance must be made for seasoning of the timber .

The ratio of stable isotopes in marble ( see glossary ) can also be used to determine provenance , and has been particularly useful in checking the integrity of statuary recomposed from fragments ( see p. 109 ) .
the ratio of stable isotopes in marble ( see glossary ) can also be used to [find out] provenance , and has been particularly useful in checking the integrity of statuary recomposed from fragments ( see p. 109 ) .

For example , neutron activation analysis ( see glossary ) , one of the techniques used to determine the composition of ancient ceramics , would be impossible without a computer program , since the calculations required are so complex and extensive that not even the most resilient individual armed with a pocket calculator could possibly complete them in a single lifetime .
for example , neutron activation analysis ( see glossary ) , one of the techniques used to [find out] the composition of ancient ceramics , would be impossible without a computer program , since the calculations required are so complex and extensive that not even the most resilient individual armed with a pocket calculator could possibly complete them in a single lifetime .

They also remarked with astonishment a sort of combat between God and her without being able to determine whether God was more occupied in seeking in the secrets of his wisdom the means of exercising her by suffering than she was disposed to suffer for his love ; for she showed an incredible avidity for crosses and an invincible patience over her trials and over every affliction which Almighty God sent to exercise her love and fidelity .
they also remarked with astonishment a sort of combat between god and her without being able to [find out] whether god was more occupied in seeking in the secrets of his wisdom the means of exercising her by suffering than she was disposed to suffer for his love ; for she showed an incredible avidity for crosses and an invincible patience over her trials and over every affliction which almighty god sent to exercise her love and fidelity .

It is the females who come on heat and who therefore determine when sex takes place .
it is the females who come on heat and who therefore [find out] when sex takes place .

One attempt to model only critical variables which determine yield has been made by Stocking and Pain ( 1983 ) where they concentrate upon the impact of erosive forces upon the availability of minimum moisture levels .
one attempt to model only critical variables which [find out] yield has been made by stocking and pain ( 1983 ) where they concentrate upon the impact of erosive forces upon the availability of minimum moisture levels .

The omission of the second ( the social/economic system ) leads to a purely technocratic and physical study of the processes of soil erosion and perhaps the immediate land-uses leading to it , without any analysis of other political economic relationships at the local , regional and international scales which determine the actions of the land-user in the affected area .
the omission of the second ( the social/economic system ) leads to a purely technocratic and physical study of the processes of soil erosion and perhaps the immediate land-uses leading to it , without any analysis of other political economic relationships at the local , regional and international scales which [find out] the actions of the land-user in the affected area .

On the one hand as was mentioned at the outset of this chapter and in Chapter 2 , the physical relationships which determine rates of soil erosion have been examined within natural science disciplines of hydrology , agricultural engineering and agricultural botany .
on the one hand as was mentioned at the outset of this chapter and in chapter 2 , the physical relationships which [find out] rates of soil erosion have been examined within natural science disciplines of hydrology , agricultural engineering and agricultural botany .

On the other hand the social relationships that determine how people use their environment have been studied in such disciplines as economics , sociology and political science .
on the other hand the social relationships that [find out] how people use their environment have been studied in such disciplines as economics , sociology and political science .

Mr Palomar is aware that the words we use to ask the questions and phrase the answers determine the very reality which they are intended to interrogate .
mr palomar is aware that the words we use to ask the questions and phrase the answers [find out] the very reality which they are intended to interrogate .

In the second-person sequences , he is addressed by the voice of his subconscious which , speaking in the future tense , takes him back to relive the moments of truth when he made the choices which were to determine what he later became .
in the second-person sequences , he is addressed by the voice of his subconscious which , speaking in the future tense , takes him back to relive the moments of truth when he made the choices which were to [find out] what he later became .

Picturesque asymmetry appealed to him because it enabled him to allow the logical sequence of the rooms and considerations of service and privacy to determine the entire plan from of the house without any unnecessary duplication of accommodation .
picturesque asymmetry appealed to him because it enabled him to allow the logical sequence of the rooms and considerations of service and privacy to [find out] the entire plan from of the house without any unnecessary duplication of accommodation .

Egypt feared the Hashemites intended to control the land from the Mediterranean across the Negev to the Gulf , and the Palestinians feared that foreign Arab armies spelt the end of Palestinian hopes to determine their own future .
egypt feared the hashemites intended to control the land from the mediterranean across the negev to the gulf , and the palestinians feared that foreign arab armies spelt the end of palestinian hopes to [find out] their own future .

Syria will determine whether to accept any resettlement , or whether to continue its support of the refugee demand to return to Palestine , as a function of its own regional objectives .
syria will [find out] whether to accept any resettlement , or whether to continue its support of the refugee demand to return to palestine , as a function of its own regional objectives .

The value of the parameter γ ( which will lie between 0 and 1 ) will determine the extent to which the outcome is weighted in favour of events occurring on the immediately preceding trial .
the value of the parameter γ ( which will lie between 0 and 1 ) will [find out] the extent to which the outcome is weighted in favour of events occurring on the immediately preceding trial .

can be accommodated by the Pearce-Hall equations if it is accepted ( as seems reasonable ) that the different event used as differed in qualities that determine the value of λ used in these equations .
can be accommodated by the pearce-hall equations if it is accepted ( as seems reasonable ) that the different event used as differed in qualities that [find out] the value of λ used in these equations .

They suggest that in pigeon autoshaping the level of associability of a stimulus might determine , in part , the likelihood that it will be responded to .
they suggest that in pigeon autoshaping the level of associability of a stimulus might [find out] , in part , the likelihood that it will be responded to .

This suggestion is not implausible but it remains to specify the mechanism by which the content of a memory might act to determine its retrievability .
this suggestion is not implausible but it remains to specify the mechanism by which the content of a memory might act to [find out] its retrievability .

Tulving and Thomson 1973 ; Tulving 1983 ) has been subject to a range of interpretations but what concerns us here is the general possibility that contextual factors might determine test performance by modulating the ease with which stored information is retrieved .
tulving and thomson 1973 ; tulving 1983 ) has been subject to a range of interpretations but what concerns us here is the general possibility that contextual factors might [find out] test performance by modulating the ease with which stored information is retrieved .

It now becomes necessary to determine why such a form of conditional learning should be evident in this procedure and not in others .
it now becomes necessary to [find out] why such a form of conditional learning should be evident in this procedure and not in others .

Its purpose is to examine in detail the various experimental procedures that have been said to demonstrate acquired distinctiveness and to determine which generate reliable effects that are not to be explained away in other terms .
its purpose is to examine in detail the various experimental procedures that have been said to demonstrate acquired distinctiveness and to [find out] which generate reliable effects that are not to be explained away in other terms .

But with a day still to go before voters determine whether Mr Ashdown 's phone could play a part in the future of British democracy , the Liberal Democrat leader could afford to take a sanguine view as he accompanied his wife Jane on what was a gentle stroll through his constituency .
but with a day still to go before voters [find out] whether mr ashdown 's phone could play a part in the future of british democracy , the liberal democrat leader could afford to take a sanguine view as he accompanied his wife jane on what was a gentle stroll through his constituency .

Next day : Of the 30 and 40 constituencies that count tomorrow , five are marginal and could determine the outcome .
next day : of the 30 and 40 constituencies that count tomorrow , five are marginal and could [find out] the outcome .

His performance in that race will determine whether he remains in America for the Triple Crown or returns to Europe for a crack at the Derby at Epsom on June 3 .
his performance in that race will [find out] whether he remains in america for the triple crown or returns to europe for a crack at the derby at epsom on june 3 .

The players alternate between the white and black pieces and draw lots to determine who plays white in today 's first game .
the players alternate between the white and black pieces and draw lots to [find out] who plays white in today 's first game .

In future , core samples will have to be examined microscopically to determine the likelihood of failure , but development of the new test is not yet complete and will not be available until summer at the earliest .
in future , core samples will have to be examined microscopically to [find out] the likelihood of failure , but development of the new test is not yet complete and will not be available until summer at the earliest .

My computer is still analysing the guest lists to determine whether a Sir Denis Compton for the Tories cancels out a Melvyn Bragg for Labour .
my computer is still analysing the guest lists to [find out] whether a sir denis compton for the tories cancels out a melvyn bragg for labour .

The problem comes when you meet a horizontal nogging — the positions of which you can determine with a joist and batten detector .
the problem comes when you meet a horizontal nogging — the positions of which you can [find out] with a joist and batten detector .

His chief officers formed a board which had a very considerable measure of authority to determine its own ways ( witness , for example , the Western Region 's adventure with diesel-hydraulic locomotives when the remainder of British Railways was following the diesel-electric path , or the Eastern Region 's policy of civil engineering for speed ) .
his chief officers formed a board which had a very considerable measure of authority to [find out] its own ways ( witness , for example , the western region 's adventure with diesel-hydraulic locomotives when the remainder of british railways was following the diesel-electric path , or the eastern region 's policy of civil engineering for speed ) .

If Hospital Trusts attract more staff and can determine their own pay rates , there must be concern about shortfall in other services .
if hospital trusts attract more staff and can [find out] their own pay rates , there must be concern about shortfall in other services .

Not only do dogs play games to exercise their hunting skills , they play to determine who is boss .
not only do dogs play games to exercise their hunting skills , they play to [find out] who is boss .

As for Hewlett , how far he knew that he was being ‘ used ’ by Pound is what at this point no one can determine .
as for hewlett , how far he knew that he was being ‘ used ’ by pound is what at this point no one can [find out] .

It is perfectly true that there is nothing conclusively in the poem to make us identify the first stair with Dante 's Inferno , the second with his Purgatorio , the third with Paradiso ; as there is not ( a more piercing uncertainty ) anything to determine for us whether ‘ the broadbacked figure drest in blue and green ’ , with his ‘ music of the flute ’ , is an image of what must be renounced in order to achieve Paradise , or else an image of how terrestrial life can most nearly attain the paradisal .
it is perfectly true that there is nothing conclusively in the poem to make us identify the first stair with dante 's inferno , the second with his purgatorio , the third with paradiso ; as there is not ( a more piercing uncertainty ) anything to [find out] for us whether ‘ the broadbacked figure drest in blue and green ’ , with his ‘ music of the flute ’ , is an image of what must be renounced in order to achieve paradise , or else an image of how terrestrial life can most nearly attain the paradisal .

The program implements a prescan of the data to determine parameters that can not be resolved by the direct leastsquares method of analysis .
the program implements a prescan of the data to [find out] parameters that can not be resolved by the direct leastsquares method of analysis .

Choreographers wishing to interpret music in dance terms are limited in several ways because their choice should not only determine the style of dance used and its phrasing but other factors which are an integral part of the score .
choreographers wishing to interpret music in dance terms are limited in several ways because their choice should not only [find out] the style of dance used and its phrasing but other factors which are an integral part of the score .

The structure will determine the lines and shapes needed to fill the dimensions and , when needed , help to create the atmosphere and mood of the whole .
the structure will [find out] the lines and shapes needed to fill the dimensions and , when needed , help to create the atmosphere and mood of the whole .

Genetic screening , to determine if the worker 's chromosomes render him vulnerable to occupational illness , looms on the horizon .
genetic screening , to [find out] if the worker 's chromosomes render him vulnerable to occupational illness , looms on the horizon .

Officials said talks would be held next month to see if other methods of repatriation could be employed , but vetting procedures to determine who was and who was not a refugee prevented ‘ international migratory chaos ’ .
officials said talks would be held next month to see if other methods of repatriation could be employed , but vetting procedures to [find out] who was and who was not a refugee prevented ‘ international migratory chaos ’ .

Government sources said , however , that in the end it was the conditions which would eventually determine timing of British participation .
government sources said , however , that in the end it was the conditions which would eventually [find out] timing of british participation .

Lord Mackay , who like other party spokesman said he was speaking personally , added he would determine his own position after hearing the full debate .
lord mackay , who like other party spokesman said he was speaking personally , added he would [find out] his own position after hearing the full debate .

It is sometimes possible to determine when this procedure has been used , by examining the wear patterns of the gears .
it is sometimes possible to [find out] when this procedure has been used , by examining the wear patterns of the gears .

‘ It will provide a new sensor system to determine the intensity of odorants and perfumes , ’ they say .
‘ it will provide a new sensor system to [find out] the intensity of odorants and perfumes , ’ they say .

It was a simple matter to determine from this time delay and the ring 's inclination that its real diameter was 1.37 light years .
it was a simple matter to [find out] from this time delay and the ring 's inclination that its real diameter was 1.37 light years .

Anxiety over global environmental change has perhaps made us more aware of the converse idea : that the activities of microbes largely determine the state of the biosphere , and in particular the evolution of the Earth 's atmosphere .
anxiety over global environmental change has perhaps made us more aware of the converse idea : that the activities of microbes largely [find out] the state of the biosphere , and in particular the evolution of the earth 's atmosphere .

Plasmid genes can determine a wide variety of bacterial properties , including resistance to antibacterial substances , ability to make an antibiotic or toxin , or to metabolise the sugar sucrose .
plasmid genes can [find out] a wide variety of bacterial properties , including resistance to antibacterial substances , ability to make an antibiotic or toxin , or to metabolise the sugar sucrose .

It is therefore unsurprising to note that parents fear the prospect of having a child with Down 's Syndrome , and seek to determine , at a prenatal stage , whether their child is suffering from this handicap .
it is therefore unsurprising to note that parents fear the prospect of having a child with down 's syndrome , and seek to [find out] , at a prenatal stage , whether their child is suffering from this handicap .

Special schools for mentally handicapped children now exist throughout Prior to the 1971 Act , the education of mentally handicapped children was governed by legislation dating from 1944 , which advocated a selective procedure to determine which children were considered educable and which were not .
special schools for mentally handicapped children now exist throughout prior to the 1971 act , the education of mentally handicapped children was governed by legislation dating from 1944 , which advocated a selective procedure to [find out] which children were considered educable and which were not .

It is only by experiment , experience and observation of the sensitivity of each patient that can determine the optimum size of dose to give . § 278
it is only by experiment , experience and observation of the sensitivity of each patient that can [find out] the optimum size of dose to give . § 278

In this regard reference may ‘ within the programmes of study teachers will be free to determine the detail of what should be taught ’ , although it urged teachers to prepare schemes of work to ensure consistency within a school .
in this regard reference may ‘ within the programmes of study teachers will be free to [find out] the detail of what should be taught ’ , although it urged teachers to prepare schemes of work to ensure consistency within a school .

The courts and tribunals have had to determine the meaning of racial/ethnic group for the purposes of the Act where doubts have existed .
the courts and tribunals have had to [find out] the meaning of racial/ethnic group for the purposes of the act where doubts have existed .

Determine Florio witty , young and gay ,
[find out] florio witty , young and gay ,

He made it clear that it was for Sir Rufus to determine , and for you to comply .
he made it clear that it was for sir rufus to [find out] , and for you to comply .

It might seem a bit bleak , a bit inhuman ( ‘ antihumanist , yes ; inhuman , no , ’ she would interject ) , somewhat deterministic ( ‘ not at all ; the truly determined subject is he who is not aware of the discursive formations that determine him .
it might seem a bit bleak , a bit inhuman ( ‘ antihumanist , yes ; inhuman , no , ’ she would interject ) , somewhat deterministic ( ‘ not at all ; the truly determined subject is he who is not aware of the discursive formations that [find out] him .

However , she did in the end let the weather partly determine her choice : a pair of elephant-cord trousers tucked Cossack-style into her high boots , and a chunky-knit cardigan with a shawl collar worn over a Liberty-print blouse .
however , she did in the end let the weather partly [find out] her choice : a pair of elephant-cord trousers tucked cossack-style into her high boots , and a chunky-knit cardigan with a shawl collar worn over a liberty-print blouse .

First , they may be designed not finally to determine what is to be done in certain circumstances but merely to determine what ought to be done on the basis of certain considerations .
first , they may be designed not finally to [find out] what is to be done in certain circumstances but merely to [find out] what ought to be done on the basis of certain considerations .

For example , a directive may determine that from the economic point of view a certain action is required .
for example , a directive may [find out] that from the economic point of view a certain action is required .

They determine the conditions of legitimacy of the authority and the limits of its rightful power .
they [find out] the conditions of legitimacy of the authority and the limits of its rightful power .

Mistakes which they make about factors which determine the limits of their jurisdiction render their decisions void .
mistakes which they make about factors which [find out] the limits of their jurisdiction render their decisions void .

What is the question to be asked when one wishes to determine the scope of the authority of law ?
what is the question to be asked when one wishes to [find out] the scope of the authority of law ?

First they determine whether an individual is better likely to conform to reason by following an authority or by following his own judgment independently of any authority .
first they [find out] whether an individual is better likely to conform to reason by following an authority or by following his own judgment independently of any authority .

Second they determine under what circumstances he is likely to answer the first question correctly .
second they [find out] under what circumstances he is likely to answer the first question correctly .

society will win the ability to freely determine its national existence when it has the ability to determine its political being and the conditions of its creation .
society will win the ability to freely [find out] its national existence when it has the ability to [find out] its political being and the conditions of its creation .

The peak was marked by Ptolemy , Egyptian geographer and astronomer , on the first known map of the British Isles ; and it was here , in 1774 , that Nevil Maskelyne , Astronomer Royal , conducted his experiments to determine the mean density of planet earth .
the peak was marked by ptolemy , egyptian geographer and astronomer , on the first known map of the british isles ; and it was here , in 1774 , that nevil maskelyne , astronomer royal , conducted his experiments to [find out] the mean density of planet earth .

The first job of the officer is to ‘ determine whether he has before him sufficient evidence to charge that person with the offence for which he was arrested ’ .
the first job of the officer is to ‘ [find out] whether he has before him sufficient evidence to charge that person with the offence for which he was arrested ’ .

The criteria that determine the court 's decision are much the same as those employed earlier by the superintendent .
the criteria that [find out] the court 's decision are much the same as those employed earlier by the superintendent .

In the light of recent allegations … the Prime Minister has asked Lord Bridge to examine the relevant papers to determine whether authorisations since May 1979 have named the individuals in question and , if so , whether those authorisations have been sought and given in accordance with the procedures and criteria in the Birkett report of 1957 and the White Paper of April 1980 .
in the light of recent allegations … the prime minister has asked lord bridge to examine the relevant papers to [find out] whether authorisations since may 1979 have named the individuals in question and , if so , whether those authorisations have been sought and given in accordance with the procedures and criteria in the birkett report of 1957 and the white paper of april 1980 .

The next question under the Convention was to determine what kind of legal regime would be acceptable under Article 8 ( 2 ) , assuming of course that it could meet the requirement of being ‘ in accordance with law ’ .
the next question under the convention was to [find out] what kind of legal regime would be acceptable under article 8 ( 2 ) , assuming of course that it could meet the requirement of being ‘ in accordance with law ’ .

Thus it has no power to determine whether unauthorized interceptions are taking place .
thus it has no power to [find out] whether unauthorized interceptions are taking place .

It thus becomes crucial to determine what errors fall outside jurisdiction .
it thus becomes crucial to [find out] what errors fall outside jurisdiction .

’ The Government has thus done what no government before has done — it has given an inferior tribunal the power to determine the extent of its own jurisdiction .
’ the government has thus done what no government before has done — it has given an inferior tribunal the power to [find out] the extent of its own jurisdiction .

The problem now , of course , is to determine just how far it extends .
the problem now , of course , is to [find out] just how far it extends .

The only function of genes is to determine which proteins are made , thereby determining which chemical reactions take place and which structures will be present in the cell .
the only function of genes is to [find out] which proteins are made , thereby determining which chemical reactions take place and which structures will be present in the cell .

’ Central government was to determine policy ; LEAs were to provide what was required .
’ central government was to [find out] policy ; leas were to provide what was required .

Whatever the role of teachers , it is not to push back the frontiers of knowledge , nor to determine a new direction in which a discipline can move .
whatever the role of teachers , it is not to push back the frontiers of knowledge , nor to [find out] a new direction in which a discipline can move .

The movement could be said to have started in Scotland in 1972 , when the Headteachers ' Association set themselves to determine the range of items of information needed to produce a comprehensive picture of the aptitudes and interests of all pupils , offering them a common form of statement , which would be generally comprehensible and would be available to them when appropriate .
the movement could be said to have started in scotland in 1972 , when the headteachers ' association set themselves to [find out] the range of items of information needed to produce a comprehensive picture of the aptitudes and interests of all pupils , offering them a common form of statement , which would be generally comprehensible and would be available to them when appropriate .

It can sometimes be difficult to determine whether the patient is ill-tempered and perhaps foulmouthed towards you because of the immediate effects of his illness and the frustration he feels , especially if he can not speak normally , or whether it is part of a personality change which is going to last indefinitely .
it can sometimes be difficult to [find out] whether the patient is ill-tempered and perhaps foulmouthed towards you because of the immediate effects of his illness and the frustration he feels , especially if he can not speak normally , or whether it is part of a personality change which is going to last indefinitely .

Initially , the great masses of floating pumice which had piled up on the sea made it difficult for ships to force their way through the water — rafts three metres thick were reported in places — but eventually parties were able to reach the islands and determine what changes had taken place .
initially , the great masses of floating pumice which had piled up on the sea made it difficult for ships to force their way through the water — rafts three metres thick were reported in places — but eventually parties were able to reach the islands and [find out] what changes had taken place .

What is involved here is , in effect , a direct and apparently irreconcilable clash between sex and gender identity , as to which should determine the sexual profile of the individual .
what is involved here is , in effect , a direct and apparently irreconcilable clash between sex and gender identity , as to which should [find out] the sexual profile of the individual .

Tapping the wall with the handle of a screwdriver often produces a dull , hollow sound which can help to determine the extent of the area affected .
tapping the wall with the handle of a screwdriver often produces a dull , hollow sound which can help to [find out] the extent of the area affected .

The gutter is supported at frequent intervals on brackets which can be raised or lowered to determine its ‘ fall ’ , and gutters must run to a good fall and should be cleaned at least annually to free them of leaves and mud ; they must not sag between brackets .
the gutter is supported at frequent intervals on brackets which can be raised or lowered to [find out] its ‘ fall ’ , and gutters must run to a good fall and should be cleaned at least annually to free them of leaves and mud ; they must not sag between brackets .

This is an obnoxious requirement designed to suit the water board 's storage calculations and not the consumer 's wishes , ; you can determine which system is installed by turning on each tap in turn and putting your thumb over the outlet .
this is an obnoxious requirement designed to suit the water board 's storage calculations and not the consumer 's wishes , ; you can [find out] which system is installed by turning on each tap in turn and putting your thumb over the outlet .

Determine from the deeds , or ask your solicitor , which fences and hedges belong to the house and are the owner 's responsibility to maintain .
[find out] from the deeds , or ask your solicitor , which fences and hedges belong to the house and are the owner 's responsibility to maintain .

The Egyptians also used a plumb-line , which they called the ‘ Merkhet ’ , to determine the time at night .
the egyptians also used a plumb-line , which they called the ‘ merkhet ’ , to [find out] the time at night .

Muslims in all parts of the Islamic world required mathematically educated persons who would be able to determine the astronomically defined times of prayer and the direction of Mecca .
muslims in all parts of the islamic world required mathematically educated persons who would be able to [find out] the astronomically defined times of prayer and the direction of mecca .

From the scales engraved on it , it was possible to determine the positions of the so-called ‘ fixed stars ’ in relation to the horizon and of the sun , moon , and planets in relation to the stars .
from the scales engraved on it , it was possible to [find out] the positions of the so-called ‘ fixed stars ’ in relation to the horizon and of the sun , moon , and planets in relation to the stars .

Designed for the latitude of a particular place , its most important use was to determine the precise time of day or night from an observation of the altitude of the sun or one of the stars mapped on the rete , but of course by modern standards the result was not very accurate .
designed for the latitude of a particular place , its most important use was to [find out] the precise time of day or night from an observation of the altitude of the sun or one of the stars mapped on the rete , but of course by modern standards the result was not very accurate .

This procedure was followed when a minor inheriting property claimed to have become of age , or when it was thought necessary to determine legally that someone had attained the age when he or she was allowed to marry .
this procedure was followed when a minor inheriting property claimed to have become of age , or when it was thought necessary to [find out] legally that someone had attained the age when he or she was allowed to marry .

The main problem was to determine after how many synodic revolutions , or reappearances of Venus as ‘ the morning star ’ , this phenomenon would recur on 1 Ahau .
the main problem was to [find out] after how many synodic revolutions , or reappearances of venus as ‘ the morning star ’ , this phenomenon would recur on 1 ahau .

By calculating which gods would be marching together on a given day , the priests could determine the combined influence of all marchers and thus forecast the fate of mankind .
by calculating which gods would be marching together on a given day , the priests could [find out] the combined influence of all marchers and thus forecast the fate of mankind .

The length and depth of recession will determine how long counties can hold playing staffs at present levels .
the length and depth of recession will [find out] how long counties can hold playing staffs at present levels .

Again , your mobility may determine your ability to put certain things into your life like art galleries , theatres , etc .
again , your mobility may [find out] your ability to put certain things into your life like art galleries , theatres , etc .

Add up all your debts to determine the total figure .
add up all your debts to [find out] the total figure .

The Committee therefore concentrated on a series of ad hoc recommendations , relating to two main aspects of privacy — freedom from intrusion upon oneself , one 's home , family and relationships on the one hand , and privacy of information , that is the extent to which one can determine how information about oneself shall be handled , on the other .
the committee therefore concentrated on a series of ad hoc recommendations , relating to two main aspects of privacy — freedom from intrusion upon oneself , one 's home , family and relationships on the one hand , and privacy of information , that is the extent to which one can [find out] how information about oneself shall be handled , on the other .

Through all stages of food production , the environment comes into question : where food is grown or reared , how it is harvested or slaughtered , its processing , packaging and transportation , where it is sold ; all determine the quality of the world we live in — our air , our water , our soil , our nourishment and our health .
through all stages of food production , the environment comes into question : where food is grown or reared , how it is harvested or slaughtered , its processing , packaging and transportation , where it is sold ; all [find out] the quality of the world we live in — our air , our water , our soil , our nourishment and our health .

As we described in the last chapter , blueprints ( some of which are not available to conscious recall ) weigh heavily among the factors which determine our motives , choices and behaviour .
as we described in the last chapter , blueprints ( some of which are not available to conscious recall ) weigh heavily among the factors which [find out] our motives , choices and behaviour .

Factors other than events come into play to determine the impact of change .
factors other than events come into play to [find out] the impact of change .

It is imperative not to accept the subjects of popular interest as the objects of theoretical scrutiny , not to reify a concept of dubious historical provenance , but instead to unpack the powerful rhetoric that hides behind the notion of the inner city , to outline the contours of alternative urban realities and to place this empirical evidence in the political and economic context that will determine the life chances of those people that live in real places in real urban locations today .
it is imperative not to accept the subjects of popular interest as the objects of theoretical scrutiny , not to reify a concept of dubious historical provenance , but instead to unpack the powerful rhetoric that hides behind the notion of the inner city , to outline the contours of alternative urban realities and to place this empirical evidence in the political and economic context that will [find out] the life chances of those people that live in real places in real urban locations today .

It is the demand and supply conditions in these segmented markets which help to determine the wage rates of different workers .
it is the demand and supply conditions in these segmented markets which help to [find out] the wage rates of different workers .

How then do firms determine their prices in practice ?
how then do firms [find out] their prices in practice ?

The addition of a profit margin to an estimate of average cost to determine price is called cost-plus pricing , mark-up pricing or full-cost pricing .
the addition of a profit margin to an estimate of average cost to [find out] price is called cost-plus pricing , mark-up pricing or full-cost pricing .

Before the 150,000 price quotations can be converted into an index , it is necessary to determine the weights to be used in the calculation .
before the 150,000 price quotations can be converted into an index , it is necessary to [find out] the weights to be used in the calculation .

Individuals have to search more intensively for the most favourably priced goods , and firms have to determine their new prices ( not easy when production costs are continually changing ) and then disseminate the information .
individuals have to search more intensively for the most favourably priced goods , and firms have to [find out] their new prices ( not easy when production costs are continually changing ) and then disseminate the information .

In a situation where excessive wage claims and rising import prices , accompanied by an increase in monetary growth , have led to inflation , it is extremely difficult to determine which is the major cause of the inflation .
in a situation where excessive wage claims and rising import prices , accompanied by an increase in monetary growth , have led to inflation , it is extremely difficult to [find out] which is the major cause of the inflation .

To do this , we assume that all firms determine their prices by adding a profit margin to the cost of a unit of output .
to do this , we assume that all firms [find out] their prices by adding a profit margin to the cost of a unit of output .

that objectives should determine methods : therefore no methods should be arbitrarily excluded , ignored , or given undue prominence .
that objectives should [find out] methods : therefore no methods should be arbitrarily excluded , ignored , or given undue prominence .

This will , in the long run , determine the value of the relationship .
this will , in the long run , [find out] the value of the relationship .

We frequently fall victim to this relative mentality because we live in a society that has nothing else by which to determine ethics , values or the worth of a person .
we frequently fall victim to this relative mentality because we live in a society that has nothing else by which to [find out] ethics , values or the worth of a person .

The eternal significance of our performance is difficult , if not impossible , to determine this side of glory , but we know that there is a correlation between that significance and our commitment to God and his purposes .
the eternal significance of our performance is difficult , if not impossible , to [find out] this side of glory , but we know that there is a correlation between that significance and our commitment to god and his purposes .

Two questions must be answered before we can logically determine how we are going to handle any of our assets .
two questions must be answered before we can logically [find out] how we are going to handle any of our assets .

On 28 June 1919 the Treaty was put into effect and plebiscites were set up in Warmia , Mazuria and Silesia to determine the exact areas of land to be allocated to Poland .
on 28 june 1919 the treaty was put into effect and plebiscites were set up in warmia , mazuria and silesia to [find out] the exact areas of land to be allocated to poland .

This helps you to determine the position at which your next hole should be dug .
this helps you to [find out] the position at which your next hole should be dug .

If the stick becomes obstructed that tells you that there is a diversion and you must dig at that point to determine the new direction .
if the stick becomes obstructed that tells you that there is a diversion and you must dig at that point to [find out] the new direction .

Then hold the receiver in the hole to determine if your ferret is slightly to one side or the other .
then hold the receiver in the hole to [find out] if your ferret is slightly to one side or the other .

The weather influences the actual location of the rabbits and it helps determine whether they are underground or on the surface .
the weather influences the actual location of the rabbits and it helps [find out] whether they are underground or on the surface .

To determine the limits to care by examining the characteristics which affected whether or not a person was sustained in the community through the action project .
to [find out] the limits to care by examining the characteristics which affected whether or not a person was sustained in the community through the action project .

In order to determine the cost of services received by the action sample , it was decided to use mainly costs already calculated in previously published research , but where a service appeared to have special local features , an examination of that service would be carried out by the research team .
in order to [find out] the cost of services received by the action sample , it was decided to use mainly costs already calculated in previously published research , but where a service appeared to have special local features , an examination of that service would be carried out by the research team .

Whilst the councillors determine policy , they can not do this to the full without the constant advice and help of the chief officers .
whilst the councillors [find out] policy , they can not do this to the full without the constant advice and help of the chief officers .

Where the status of older people is low , it is because these attitudes determine that it will be low , not because it is a natural consequence of the ageing process .
where the status of older people is low , it is because these attitudes [find out] that it will be low , not because it is a natural consequence of the ageing process .

those who state simply that a public library exists to provide people with what they want forget that the library service itself is one of the agencies which determine what they want .
those who state simply that a public library exists to provide people with what they want forget that the library service itself is one of the agencies which [find out] what they want .

Just as the size of the bookfund determines the overall standard of stock provision that can be achieved , its allocation within the authority should determine the standard of provision for particular categories of stock .
just as the size of the bookfund determines the overall standard of stock provision that can be achieved , its allocation within the authority should [find out] the standard of provision for particular categories of stock .

’ The message seems to be that librarians must determine the most accurate methods for studying use in their own libraries , and carry out their own research .
’ the message seems to be that librarians must [find out] the most accurate methods for studying use in their own libraries , and carry out their own research .

Buckland 's early paper on this subject pointed out that the Librarian 's capacity to determine official loan periods gives him ‘ a powerful and precise device for influencing the availability of books in his library ’ .
buckland 's early paper on this subject pointed out that the librarian 's capacity to [find out] official loan periods gives him ‘ a powerful and precise device for influencing the availability of books in his library ’ .

These are used , for instance , to determine whether the same items keep cropping up and require duplication or allocation to short loan collections , and also to identify missing titles and replace them .
these are used , for instance , to [find out] whether the same items keep cropping up and require duplication or allocation to short loan collections , and also to identify missing titles and replace them .

Examples given are : a league table of the use of each title in the main library and the short loans collection , to determine titles that should be duplicated or marked for reference use ; a record of items never used , for relegation purposes ; records of the use of books by subject , including interdisciplinary use , for purposes of fund allocation ; and analysis of the use of books by date of publication , to determine obsolescence parameters .
examples given are : a league table of the use of each title in the main library and the short loans collection , to [find out] titles that should be duplicated or marked for reference use ; a record of items never used , for relegation purposes ; records of the use of books by subject , including interdisciplinary use , for purposes of fund allocation ; and analysis of the use of books by date of publication , to [find out] obsolescence parameters .

For these titles librarians must link the ‘ rate of issue ’ factor to their own bibliographical knowledge to determine the rate of duplication .
for these titles librarians must link the ‘ rate of issue ’ factor to their own bibliographical knowledge to [find out] the rate of duplication .

The relationship between citation and use is particularly complicated , and it is not yet known what factors determine which items in a collection will be read or cited and the relative importance of age among them .
the relationship between citation and use is particularly complicated , and it is not yet known what factors [find out] which items in a collection will be read or cited and the relative importance of age among them .

Another significant report appeared in 1961 , when the British government appointed a working party to determine the basic requirements for an efficient public library service , with particular reference to authorities of under 40,000 population .
another significant report appeared in 1961 , when the british government appointed a working party to [find out] the basic requirements for an efficient public library service , with particular reference to authorities of under 40,000 population .

How these people choose to allocate their support will ultimately determine the future of both movements .
how these people choose to allocate their support will ultimately [find out] the future of both movements .

The infrared region of the spectrum is used to determine molecular structures via their vibrational modes , and this is one of the few surface-sensitive techniques that does not need an ultra-high vacuum .
the infrared region of the spectrum is used to [find out] molecular structures via their vibrational modes , and this is one of the few surface-sensitive techniques that does not need an ultra-high vacuum .

This would enable prospective studies to be performed to determine the importance of platelet function in the development of vascular disease .
this would enable prospective studies to be performed to [find out] the importance of platelet function in the development of vascular disease .

For those who are capable of learning how to modify diet and insulin dose to suit prevailing circumstances and want to do so , the ability to determine their own blood glucose has been a major step forward , permitting more satisfactory glycaemic control and a more adventurous approach to many activities ( Skyler et al , 1978 ; Sonksen et al , 1978 ; Walford et al , 1978 ) .
for those who are capable of learning how to modify diet and insulin dose to suit prevailing circumstances and want to do so , the ability to [find out] their own blood glucose has been a major step forward , permitting more satisfactory glycaemic control and a more adventurous approach to many activities ( skyler et al , 1978 ; sonksen et al , 1978 ; walford et al , 1978 ) .

2 ) , it is possible to determine the amount of uplift of the Carboniferous section in particular areas .
2 ) , it is possible to [find out] the amount of uplift of the carboniferous section in particular areas .

The main emphasis was placed on point-counting to determine the volumetric fraction of the mineralogical composition of the rock .
the main emphasis was placed on point-counting to [find out] the volumetric fraction of the mineralogical composition of the rock .

Analysis of water samples , usually provides the most reliable way to determine formation water resistivity — Ru .
analysis of water samples , usually provides the most reliable way to [find out] formation water resistivity — ru .

The first stage of the process involves a conventional fact-finding exercise , where representative staff are interviewed to determine views about the purpose of the organisation , the role of the staff , and any problems that are pertinent to the study .
the first stage of the process involves a conventional fact-finding exercise , where representative staff are interviewed to [find out] views about the purpose of the organisation , the role of the staff , and any problems that are pertinent to the study .

Determine ingredients/supplies needed
[find out] ingredients/supplies needed

Determine source of supplies
[find out] source of supplies

From this starting point , a series of models were developed to determine what changes in practices would encourage Colleges to move towards a state of equilibrium in the new circumstances .
from this starting point , a series of models were developed to [find out] what changes in practices would encourage colleges to move towards a state of equilibrium in the new circumstances .

Consequently , the model excludes activities associated with making precise calculations of actual resource needs and costs , and reflects the use of weighted factors to determine instead the relative costs of courses , thus allowing the available finance to be allocated on an equitable basis to Colleges , and within Colleges , to Departments .
consequently , the model excludes activities associated with making precise calculations of actual resource needs and costs , and reflects the use of weighted factors to [find out] instead the relative costs of courses , thus allowing the available finance to be allocated on an equitable basis to colleges , and within colleges , to departments .

Although the analysis was of necessity extensive , it was not the intention of the study to explore each activity in detail to determine where procedural or other changes were required , but to provide the basis for reviewing existing structures , particularly those related to non-teaching staff .
although the analysis was of necessity extensive , it was not the intention of the study to explore each activity in detail to [find out] where procedural or other changes were required , but to provide the basis for reviewing existing structures , particularly those related to non-teaching staff .

The lower order changes in responsibility were considered at a later stage when working with Principals to determine the detailed changes required at individual Colleges .
the lower order changes in responsibility were considered at a later stage when working with principals to [find out] the detailed changes required at individual colleges .

Examine the existing administrative and clerical responsibilities to determine how the new functional groupings of finance , personnel , and administration could be achieved , together with support service representation at executive level .
examine the existing administrative and clerical responsibilities to [find out] how the new functional groupings of finance , personnel , and administration could be achieved , together with support service representation at executive level .

Determine the grades to be applied for revised posts that would assume responsibility for all financial and cost-control matters , for personnel , and for enhanced administrative support .
[find out] the grades to be applied for revised posts that would assume responsibility for all financial and cost-control matters , for personnel , and for enhanced administrative support .

Determine the local strategy tor filling these posts , taking account or the existing expertise within the College .
[find out] the local strategy tor filling these posts , taking account or the existing expertise within the college .

These concepts are utilised in the Procedure Audit process to determine measures of success from a specified point of view , as agreed by the person responsible for the procedure and its continued existence , which in practical terms is generally the person who can authorise changes to be made .
these concepts are utilised in the procedure audit process to [find out] measures of success from a specified point of view , as agreed by the person responsible for the procedure and its continued existence , which in practical terms is generally the person who can authorise changes to be made .

Stages 2a & 2b — Determine the Objectives and Owner or the Procedure
stages 2a & 2b — [find out] the objectives and owner or the procedure

The latter is , of course , unlikely to be chosen and would be extremely difficult to measure , but does emphasise the need to determine a neutral view of a procedure before attempting to measure its success .
the latter is , of course , unlikely to be chosen and would be extremely difficult to measure , but does emphasise the need to [find out] a neutral view of a procedure before attempting to measure its success .

Stage 4 . Determine Levels of Acceptability or Optimality
stage 4 . [find out] levels of acceptability or optimality

When auditing meta-procedures , if the overall exercise revealed failings , these lower-order activities would also need monitoring to determine more precisely the reasons for this failure .
when auditing meta-procedures , if the overall exercise revealed failings , these lower-order activities would also need monitoring to [find out] more precisely the reasons for this failure .

The wider system would include the parent department , the personnel section who verify the claims , the finance department that influences the format and timing of claims , etc , and the boards or committees that determine the organisation policy as a whole .
the wider system would include the parent department , the personnel section who verify the claims , the finance department that influences the format and timing of claims , etc , and the boards or committees that [find out] the organisation policy as a whole .

Users were unsure of the level of service to expect , and there was uncertainty among the service providers about how the service was utilised and the criteria that should determine quality .
users were unsure of the level of service to expect , and there was uncertainty among the service providers about how the service was utilised and the criteria that should [find out] quality .

It was also acknowledged that it would be necessary to determine which information objects should be indexed , accepting that certain brochures , circulars and so on would probably be excluded from this general requirement .
it was also acknowledged that it would be necessary to [find out] which information objects should be indexed , accepting that certain brochures , circulars and so on would probably be excluded from this general requirement .

If , however , the expectations of the client are of a lower order , the analyst must be prepared to use the idealised solutions simply as a knowledge base to determine where acceptable and attainable improvements can be made .
if , however , the expectations of the client are of a lower order , the analyst must be prepared to use the idealised solutions simply as a knowledge base to [find out] where acceptable and attainable improvements can be made .

It would , of course , be useful to have a number of general theorems that could be used to determine the singularity structure of particular classes of solutions .
it would , of course , be useful to have a number of general theorems that could be used to [find out] the singularity structure of particular classes of solutions .

It was used by Ernst , García-Díaz and Hauser ( 1988 ) to determine the solution described above in ( 13.35 ) to ( 13.38 ) .
it was used by ernst , garcía-díaz and hauser ( 1988 ) to [find out] the solution described above in ( 13.35 ) to ( 13.38 ) .

In other words , which party , the purchaser or the provider , will determine which patients shall be treated on the contract ?
in other words , which party , the purchaser or the provider , will [find out] which patients shall be treated on the contract ?

Cash limits have prompted increasing efforts to determine the sources of particular expenditure , and there have been initiatives in the financial area whether to improve collection of descriptive information or on cost-effectiveness programmes .
cash limits have prompted increasing efforts to [find out] the sources of particular expenditure , and there have been initiatives in the financial area whether to improve collection of descriptive information or on cost-effectiveness programmes .

The role of the jurists was to determine whether a new wording should be interpreted as constituting a trust .
the role of the jurists was to [find out] whether a new wording should be interpreted as constituting a trust .

In character it was private : the plaintiff summoned the defendant ; the parties appeared before a magistrate to determine whether there was a cause of action ; once that was established , they chose a judge to hear their case .
in character it was private : the plaintiff summoned the defendant ; the parties appeared before a magistrate to [find out] whether there was a cause of action ; once that was established , they chose a judge to hear their case .

The methods of data collection which have been used will determine the methods of analysis .
the methods of data collection which have been used will [find out] the methods of analysis .

The budget available may well determine what form of advertising a retailer chooses .
the budget available may well [find out] what form of advertising a retailer chooses .

The manner of death of small mammals , and the immediate post-mortem circumstances of their remains , will determine to a large extent whether they are left in exposed or protected conditions .
the manner of death of small mammals , and the immediate post-mortem circumstances of their remains , will [find out] to a large extent whether they are left in exposed or protected conditions .

Any profit arising on surrender or maturity will be taken into account to determine the amount , if any , of age related allowance to which you are entitled .
any profit arising on surrender or maturity will be taken into account to [find out] the amount , if any , of age related allowance to which you are entitled .

The area of ground selected was described somewhat imprecisely as : ‘ All that piece of ground situate north of Fig Lane [ now Crowndale Road ] St Pancras extending northwards from thence 650 feet on average abutting Eastwards on the Church path leading to Kentish Town and is in a parallel breadth 270 feet abutting Westward on other Ground intended and agreed to be used as Garden Ground by the said Messrs. Kirkman and Hendy or the Undertenants and no buildings to be erected thereon which shall raise more than 12 feet above the present surface and nearer than 80 feet to the ground hereby lett and that they will reserve a Street or way 60 feet wide at the least at the northern extremity of the said ground and that the said Messrs. Kirkman and Hendy do engage to lett to the Veterinary College a piece or any part of their ground at any time within twelve months which they the College shall determine upon a ranging line with the north extremity of the piece already described at and after the rate of £30 per acre nett which are the same terms as the ground described and mentioned are lett at and also at and upon the same reservation of the pepper corn Rent .
the area of ground selected was described somewhat imprecisely as : ‘ all that piece of ground situate north of fig lane [ now crowndale road ] st pancras extending northwards from thence 650 feet on average abutting eastwards on the church path leading to kentish town and is in a parallel breadth 270 feet abutting westward on other ground intended and agreed to be used as garden ground by the said messrs. kirkman and hendy or the undertenants and no buildings to be erected thereon which shall raise more than 12 feet above the present surface and nearer than 80 feet to the ground hereby lett and that they will reserve a street or way 60 feet wide at the least at the northern extremity of the said ground and that the said messrs. kirkman and hendy do engage to lett to the veterinary college a piece or any part of their ground at any time within twelve months which they the college shall [find out] upon a ranging line with the north extremity of the piece already described at and after the rate of £30 per acre nett which are the same terms as the ground described and mentioned are lett at and also at and upon the same reservation of the pepper corn rent .

The growth of business is subject to market forces : these determine growth or contraction , success or failure .
the growth of business is subject to market forces : these [find out] growth or contraction , success or failure .

Interconnection of elements determine that action can only run effectively in a matrix .
interconnection of elements [find out] that action can only run effectively in a matrix .

Partnerships , small scale as well as large , need a clear sense of purpose made explicit in objectives , they need a strategic plan for achieving these objectives which is communicated to and understood by those involved and they need a review and evaluation process built into the whole to determine what is being achieved .
partnerships , small scale as well as large , need a clear sense of purpose made explicit in objectives , they need a strategic plan for achieving these objectives which is communicated to and understood by those involved and they need a review and evaluation process built into the whole to [find out] what is being achieved .

The ability to determine this level , referred to as the ‘ odour threshold detection value ’ is provided by dilution techniques , the value itself representing the number of times an odour-bearing gas has to be diluted with clear air before 50 per cent of a panel of sniffers will just not detect it .
the ability to [find out] this level , referred to as the ‘ odour threshold detection value ’ is provided by dilution techniques , the value itself representing the number of times an odour-bearing gas has to be diluted with clear air before 50 per cent of a panel of sniffers will just not detect it .

Said Lord Templeton , and ‘ Prosecution , defence and magistracy must be able to determine whether an offence has been committed without recourse to vague or disputed recollections … which might or might not constitute consent , binding on the local authority ’ .
said lord templeton , and ‘ prosecution , defence and magistracy must be able to [find out] whether an offence has been committed without recourse to vague or disputed recollections … which might or might not constitute consent , binding on the local authority ’ .

If the same criteria is used however , as is used to determine the ‘ best practicable means ’ under the public health legislation , then the cost involved in complying with the conditions and the financial state of the company would be considered .
if the same criteria is used however , as is used to [find out] the ‘ best practicable means ’ under the public health legislation , then the cost involved in complying with the conditions and the financial state of the company would be considered .

What variables determine a preference for one form of reference over another ?
what variables [find out] a preference for one form of reference over another ?

For example , reading time and related on-line measures can be used to determine the relative speed of reference resolution ( cf Garrod & Sanford 1982 for an application to plural anaphora ) .
for example , reading time and related on-line measures can be used to [find out] the relative speed of reference resolution ( cf garrod & sanford 1982 for an application to plural anaphora ) .

Their purpose in reading a text may , therefore , determine how they use a mental model as part of the context for interpreting the current sentence .
their purpose in reading a text may , therefore , [find out] how they use a mental model as part of the context for interpreting the current sentence .

Correspondingly , between two candidates in the same batch there exists ( at most ) a weak preference ; the reasoner can choose either , and focusing criteria will only determine the choice , if at all , when the reasoner expresses no preference .
correspondingly , between two candidates in the same batch there exists ( at most ) a weak preference ; the reasoner can choose either , and focusing criteria will only [find out] the choice , if at all , when the reasoner expresses no preference .

Finally , here is a check list to help you determine whether an objective is satisfactory :
finally , here is a check list to help you [find out] whether an objective is satisfactory :

Under Fordism mass consumption was a consequence of mass production ; whilst with post-Fordism , it is changes in consumption and the identification of specialist markets which are said to determine changes in production .
under fordism mass consumption was a consequence of mass production ; whilst with post-fordism , it is changes in consumption and the identification of specialist markets which are said to [find out] changes in production .

Although the method of distributing the resources is tightly constrained by statute there is considerable freedom , within the sharply focused political accountability of the Community Charge , to determine at the local level the quantum to be available to meet the identified local needs .
although the method of distributing the resources is tightly constrained by statute there is considerable freedom , within the sharply focused political accountability of the community charge , to [find out] at the local level the quantum to be available to meet the identified local needs .

This is to allow the Commission an opportunity to determine whether or not the aid in question is compatible with the Treaty of Rome .
this is to allow the commission an opportunity to [find out] whether or not the aid in question is compatible with the treaty of rome .

The Court has held in a recent case that the Commission can not ask leading questions which would require the undertaking concerned to admit an infringement of the competition rules , but that otherwise there is no right to silence : the Commission can ask for any information it requires to determine the extent of the infringement .
the court has held in a recent case that the commission can not ask leading questions which would require the undertaking concerned to admit an infringement of the competition rules , but that otherwise there is no right to silence : the commission can ask for any information it requires to [find out] the extent of the infringement .

In this respect , it is important to point out that the test of control to determine parents and subsidiaries is applied differently by the Commission from the test of decisive influence which is applied in determining the existence of a concentration .
in this respect , it is important to point out that the test of control to [find out] parents and subsidiaries is applied differently by the commission from the test of decisive influence which is applied in determining the existence of a concentration .

In this case , the Commission concluded that a shareholding of 45 % of total voting tights was not sufficient in itself to establish the power of control to determine if there was a parent and a subsidiary .
in this case , the commission concluded that a shareholding of 45 % of total voting tights was not sufficient in itself to establish the power of control to [find out] if there was a parent and a subsidiary .

Every concentration which comes within the scope of the Merger Regulation , as described above , will be appraised by the Commission to determine whether it is compatible with the Common Market .
every concentration which comes within the scope of the merger regulation , as described above , will be appraised by the commission to [find out] whether it is compatible with the common market .

Thus the Commission has to determine the relevant geographic market .
thus the commission has to [find out] the relevant geographic market .

With respect to the relevant product market , the practice of the Commission shows a preference for relatively narrow market definitions ; for example , in the VIAG/Continental Can case , the Commission undertook a detailed analysis of substitutability of both supply and demand , in order to determine the interchangeability of the various forms of packaging in the world .
with respect to the relevant product market , the practice of the commission shows a preference for relatively narrow market definitions ; for example , in the viag/continental can case , the commission undertook a detailed analysis of substitutability of both supply and demand , in order to [find out] the interchangeability of the various forms of packaging in the world .

It is the heart and lungs that help to determine the fitness of the whole body .
it is the heart and lungs that help to [find out] the fitness of the whole body .

Furthermore , if a non-programmer stopped a conventional program in mid-run and examined the code to determine what was happening he/she would not likely to learn anything useful .
furthermore , if a non-programmer stopped a conventional program in mid-run and examined the code to [find out] what was happening he/she would not likely to learn anything useful .

Thickness and elasticity of the skin , the area of sponge-like tissue within , and the volume of blood being pumped into the organ will determine its erect dimensions .
thickness and elasticity of the skin , the area of sponge-like tissue within , and the volume of blood being pumped into the organ will [find out] its erect dimensions .

To determine the winner , time is usually taken into account in one of the following ways : Bogey time :
to [find out] the winner , time is usually taken into account in one of the following ways : bogey time :

The Management reserve the right , without notice , to cancel or amend any of the attractions and special events detailed and determine the prices according to the circumstances .
the management reserve the right , without notice , to cancel or amend any of the attractions and special events detailed and [find out] the prices according to the circumstances .

Two things determine the quality of gold ; hallmark and carat .
two things [find out] the quality of gold ; hallmark and carat .

Included as part of their complimentary hour long consultation is a Skin Analysis to determine skin type , a Pure Beauty Facial and make-up and at least four relevant trial size samples to test at home .
included as part of their complimentary hour long consultation is a skin analysis to [find out] skin type , a pure beauty facial and make-up and at least four relevant trial size samples to test at home .

The software can also compare much data of this type to determine the amino-acid sequence .
the software can also compare much data of this type to [find out] the amino-acid sequence .

Tenure was challenged — and probably quite rightly — but so was the universities ' freedom to determine their own fate .
tenure was challenged — and probably quite rightly — but so was the universities ' freedom to [find out] their own fate .

The discovery of X-ray diffraction in 1912 made a significant difference too : it then became possible to determine unambiguously whether a small , hard crystal was indeed a diamond .
the discovery of x-ray diffraction in 1912 made a significant difference too : it then became possible to [find out] unambiguously whether a small , hard crystal was indeed a diamond .

Crops should be routinely monitored to determine what is happening .
crops should be routinely monitored to [find out] what is happening .

While ostensibly about the Sizewell decision alone , the public inquiry will effectively help to determine the future direction of Britain 's electricity supply system .
while ostensibly about the sizewell decision alone , the public inquiry will effectively help to [find out] the future direction of britain 's electricity supply system .

Initially , lizards with intact tails were paired in the laboratory in order to determine dominance relationships .
initially , lizards with intact tails were paired in the laboratory in order to [find out] dominance relationships .

Photoelectric cells on the staff determine the height of the point being surveyed from the geometry of the beam as it sweeps across .
photoelectric cells on the staff [find out] the height of the point being surveyed from the geometry of the beam as it sweeps across .

He killed and dismembered some of them , to determine the centre of mass for each limb .
he killed and dismembered some of them , to [find out] the centre of mass for each limb .

His ‘ ballistic walking ’ theory predicts the path of the swinging leg as perfectly as one can determine the trajectory of a missile , knowing its physical properties .
his ‘ ballistic walking ’ theory predicts the path of the swinging leg as perfectly as one can [find out] the trajectory of a missile , knowing its physical properties .

Now , only the polarisers determine whether light passes .
now , only the polarisers [find out] whether light passes .

By adding the virus to cultured animal cells ( mouse , chicken and human ) they were able to determine the extent of virus entry by later purifying the cells and measuring their radioactivity .
by adding the virus to cultured animal cells ( mouse , chicken and human ) they were able to [find out] the extent of virus entry by later purifying the cells and measuring their radioactivity .

However , one can determine their age by extrapolation from their growth rate .
however , one can [find out] their age by extrapolation from their growth rate .

He pointed out that Crone did not use gas chromatography or mass spectrometry to determine whether mycotoxins were present in the samples ; he determined only that the samples , in Crone 's words , ‘ can not represent a military effective residue ’ .
he pointed out that crone did not use gas chromatography or mass spectrometry to [find out] whether mycotoxins were present in the samples ; he determined only that the samples , in crone 's words , ‘ can not represent a military effective residue ’ .

These ideas are usually framed in terms of ‘ models ’ because it is not possible to solve exactly the complex quantum mechanical equations that determine the way in which neutrons and protons are bound together in a nucleus .
these ideas are usually framed in terms of ‘ models ’ because it is not possible to solve exactly the complex quantum mechanical equations that [find out] the way in which neutrons and protons are bound together in a nucleus .

Of course , the parameters that determine the drop 's energy refer to nuclear matter and not to any familiar liquid .
of course , the parameters that [find out] the drop 's energy refer to nuclear matter and not to any familiar liquid .

The brewers rightly became enraged one disastrous day when Priestley , trying to determine the solubility of carbon dioxide in ether , let some of the solvent escape into the fermenting vat , ruining the whole brew .
the brewers rightly became enraged one disastrous day when priestley , trying to [find out] the solubility of carbon dioxide in ether , let some of the solvent escape into the fermenting vat , ruining the whole brew .

One of Priestley 's main chemical interests was to determine what different kinds of gases ( or ‘ airs ’ ) there were and he advanced both their chemistry and number .
one of priestley 's main chemical interests was to [find out] what different kinds of gases ( or ‘ airs ’ ) there were and he advanced both their chemistry and number .

Museum specimens also enable us to determine the changes in the levels of methyl mercury in tuna and swordfish , by comparing today 's concentrations with those at the turn of the century .
museum specimens also enable us to [find out] the changes in the levels of methyl mercury in tuna and swordfish , by comparing today 's concentrations with those at the turn of the century .

In his search to determine more about solar variability , Gilliland has now been forced to unravel the complexities of recent climatic changes on Earth .
in his search to [find out] more about solar variability , gilliland has now been forced to unravel the complexities of recent climatic changes on earth .

Workers at the industry 's central research unit wanted to determine how high-voltage transmission lines and smoke from power stations affect trees .
workers at the industry 's central research unit wanted to [find out] how high-voltage transmission lines and smoke from power stations affect trees .

The bank is also putting cash behind a research centre for industrial automation at Durham University ; and it has financed a study to determine whether ideas emanating from London 's Imperial College have a chance of leading to commercial products .
the bank is also putting cash behind a research centre for industrial automation at durham university ; and it has financed a study to [find out] whether ideas emanating from london 's imperial college have a chance of leading to commercial products .

The orbiter , saving money by using spare parts from Earth-orbiting craft , will circle Mars to determine more about the planet 's surface composition and the role of water in the Martian climate .
the orbiter , saving money by using spare parts from earth-orbiting craft , will circle mars to [find out] more about the planet 's surface composition and the role of water in the martian climate .

The purpose is to determine which treatments produce effects over and above placebo levels .
the purpose is to [find out] which treatments produce effects over and above placebo levels .

Psychiatrists used to think that they could determine where free will began and ended and could decide objectively whether a defendant was sane or not .
psychiatrists used to think that they could [find out] where free will began and ended and could decide objectively whether a defendant was sane or not .

Let us consider some of the chief influences which determine the official curriculum schools follow and assess changes which have taken place and trends which may be emerging .
let us consider some of the chief influences which [find out] the official curriculum schools follow and assess changes which have taken place and trends which may be emerging .

Frequently , indeed , local languages are not examined or not counted in the final mark to determine selection .
frequently , indeed , local languages are not examined or not counted in the final mark to [find out] selection .

Already , and much publicised , we have the Tanzanian alternative whereby cumulative records of performance and teachers ' reports have been used alongside examination marks to determine who goes to secondary school .
already , and much publicised , we have the tanzanian alternative whereby cumulative records of performance and teachers ' reports have been used alongside examination marks to [find out] who goes to secondary school .

In Education for Self-Reliance , Nyerere has written : ‘ We should not determine the type of things children are taught in primary schools by the things a doctor , engineer , teacher , economist or administrator needs to l–now .
in education for self-reliance , nyerere has written : ‘ we should not [find out] the type of things children are taught in primary schools by the things a doctor , engineer , teacher , economist or administrator needs to l–now .

At another level , there is the question of who should determine major decisions which affect local communities .
at another level , there is the question of who should [find out] major decisions which affect local communities .

To what extent the long drawn-out sufferings in Ireland are actually due to the rift between Protestants and Roman Catholics , and to what extent to the ruthless exploitation of the rift , is extremely difficult to determine .
to what extent the long drawn-out sufferings in ireland are actually due to the rift between protestants and roman catholics , and to what extent to the ruthless exploitation of the rift , is extremely difficult to [find out] .

There were no landmarks , no features by which they could determine their position even if it had been light enough to see them .
there were no landmarks , no features by which they could [find out] their position even if it had been light enough to see them .

These factors have only a limited relationship with the reader 's age but will largely determine whether a young reader ‘ sticks with ’ or abandons the reading .
these factors have only a limited relationship with the reader 's age but will largely [find out] whether a young reader ‘ sticks with ’ or abandons the reading .

As stated earlier , less attention has been paid to the factors that determine the readability of illustrations than has been given to the readability of text .
as stated earlier , less attention has been paid to the factors that [find out] the readability of illustrations than has been given to the readability of text .

The question of whether an authority is exceeding its power in imposing a particular condition on a planning permission — ultra vires , as the law puts it — and what happens when ultra vires , is easily stated but difficult to determine in practice .
the question of whether an authority is exceeding its power in imposing a particular condition on a planning permission — ultra vires , as the law puts it — and what happens when ultra vires , is easily stated but difficult to [find out] in practice .

The authority may not determine the application before the period is complete but they are not bound to follow any representations received although they must consider them .
the authority may not [find out] the application before the period is complete but they are not bound to follow any representations received although they must consider them .

But if the market is no longer operative in large parts of the economy , and therefore is no longer anarchic ; if costs plus average rate of profit do not determine production and investment , all of the above falls to the ground .
but if the market is no longer operative in large parts of the economy , and therefore is no longer anarchic ; if costs plus average rate of profit do not [find out] production and investment , all of the above falls to the ground .

But it is not always possible to state a priori if labour is productive or unproductive , since it is the particular circumstances which determine this .
but it is not always possible to state a priori if labour is productive or unproductive , since it is the particular circumstances which [find out] this .

In other words , it is not merely the circumstances of the immediate production process which determine if labour is productive , but the total social circumstances , including the use to which products are put , which determine post hoc whether the labour involved has been productive or not .
in other words , it is not merely the circumstances of the immediate production process which [find out] if labour is productive , but the total social circumstances , including the use to which products are put , which [find out] post hoc whether the labour involved has been productive or not .

The Charles Read spokesman agreed that there had been an increase in the number of cremations , but was unable to determine the reason for the trend .
the charles read spokesman agreed that there had been an increase in the number of cremations , but was unable to [find out] the reason for the trend .

What it had been , Breeze could not determine , but she knew what it was going to be .
what it had been , breeze could not [find out] , but she knew what it was going to be .

Rats and mice even use ultrasonic echoes to determine distances and sizes of objects in the dark — this is one of the reasons why they squeak .
rats and mice even use ultrasonic echoes to [find out] distances and sizes of objects in the dark — this is one of the reasons why they squeak .

The aim of this work is to determine whether site specific images or symbols occur , thus linking , in Devereux 's phrase , ‘ mind with the landscape , consciousness and the environment ’ .
the aim of this work is to [find out] whether site specific images or symbols occur , thus linking , in devereux 's phrase , ‘ mind with the landscape , consciousness and the environment ’ .

Tom Graves could detect some form of ‘ charge ’ on standing stones and determine their polarity .
tom graves could detect some form of ‘ charge ’ on standing stones and [find out] their polarity .

Lasting up to four hours , they were used to determine individual characteristics ( see page 68 ) and were followed by intensive interviews .
lasting up to four hours , they were used to [find out] individual characteristics ( see page 68 ) and were followed by intensive interviews .

Dr Richard Evershed and his colleagues there have applied gas chromatography , combined with mass spectrometry to identify food residues in ancient pots , to determine what the vessels were used for and therefore what early societies ate and drank .
dr richard evershed and his colleagues there have applied gas chromatography , combined with mass spectrometry to identify food residues in ancient pots , to [find out] what the vessels were used for and therefore what early societies ate and drank .

These processes determine the probability of two components being close enough together to allow covalent bonding by addition reaction .
these processes [find out] the probability of two components being close enough together to allow covalent bonding by addition reaction .

Factors that determine the choice of materials include ease of fabrication and miniaturisation , physical robustness and response stability .
factors that [find out] the choice of materials include ease of fabrication and miniaturisation , physical robustness and response stability .

Proteins , which generally comprise about half the total mass of biomembranes , determine the specific membrane functions .
proteins , which generally comprise about half the total mass of biomembranes , [find out] the specific membrane functions .

The project , carried out in collaboration with the nearby Institute of Oceanographic Sciences , set out to determine the levels affecting aluminium levels in the local river system .
the project , carried out in collaboration with the nearby institute of oceanographic sciences , set out to [find out] the levels affecting aluminium levels in the local river system .

These are generalizations , but the probability is that political control does determine what may or may not be censored or , conversely , stocked in a public library .
these are generalizations , but the probability is that political control does [find out] what may or may not be censored or , conversely , stocked in a public library .

There are two problems here : the first that is it is not always easy to determine that censorship has taken place in libraries .
there are two problems here : the first that is it is not always easy to [find out] that censorship has taken place in libraries .

The quotations above illustrate this left-wing frankness , and show how far political allegiances in some cases determine selection policy .
the quotations above illustrate this left-wing frankness , and show how far political allegiances in some cases [find out] selection policy .

The exact status of all the diver species in Sussex is difficult to determine owing to problems of identifying birds in flight and in separating Black-throated and Great Northern Divers .
the exact status of all the diver species in sussex is difficult to [find out] owing to problems of identifying birds in flight and in separating black-throated and great northern divers .

The arrival and departure of winter visitors is difficult to determine accurately in the presence of a sizable resident population , but peak winter numbers are present between December and February .
the arrival and departure of winter visitors is difficult to [find out] accurately in the presence of a sizable resident population , but peak winter numbers are present between december and february .

Although the peak winter counts are made fairly consistently in Rye Bay in January or February , the arrival and departure of winter visitors is impossible to determine as birds are present throughout the year .
although the peak winter counts are made fairly consistently in rye bay in january or february , the arrival and departure of winter visitors is impossible to [find out] as birds are present throughout the year .

Coasting movements also take place , but their exact scale is very difficult to determine in the presence of resident pairs at most coastal watching sites .
coasting movements also take place , but their exact scale is very difficult to [find out] in the presence of resident pairs at most coastal watching sites .

Enrolment is conditional upon the fulfilment of such conditions relating to the payment of fees and debts as the Council may determine .
enrolment is conditional upon the fulfilment of such conditions relating to the payment of fees and debts as the council may [find out] .

Application of multivariate statistical techniques to determine the composition of hemopexin , lactate dehydrodoginase , creatine kinase and pyruvate kinase in carriers and non-carriers with the objective of determining a discriminant function for early diagnosis .
application of multivariate statistical techniques to [find out] the composition of hemopexin , lactate dehydrodoginase , creatine kinase and pyruvate kinase in carriers and non-carriers with the objective of determining a discriminant function for early diagnosis .

Determine whether the student has the prerequisite knowledge and skills .
[find out] whether the student has the prerequisite knowledge and skills .

It is important to determine , by a pre-test , the students ' background knowledge .
it is important to [find out] , by a pre-test , the students ' background knowledge .

It is the task of Philosophy to confront questions which are posed in a variety of areas , to consider to what extent their answers are to be found in such subjects as Mathematics , Physical Science , Sociology , Literary Studies or Religion , and to determine how else they might be answered — where these can furnish no complete answers .
it is the task of philosophy to confront questions which are posed in a variety of areas , to consider to what extent their answers are to be found in such subjects as mathematics , physical science , sociology , literary studies or religion , and to [find out] how else they might be answered — where these can furnish no complete answers .

The therapist must also determine whether the patient feels able , with support , to tackle his present difficulties , and whether another person ( such as a partner , confidant , social worker , or general practitioner ) is available who might give help now , or to whom the patient could turn if necessary .
the therapist must also [find out] whether the patient feels able , with support , to tackle his present difficulties , and whether another person ( such as a partner , confidant , social worker , or general practitioner ) is available who might give help now , or to whom the patient could turn if necessary .

When a patient seems to be developing a pattern of chronic repeats , it is recommended that all staff engaged in his or her care meet to reconstruct each attempt in order to determine whether there appears to be a motive common to each act .
when a patient seems to be developing a pattern of chronic repeats , it is recommended that all staff engaged in his or her care meet to reconstruct each attempt in order to [find out] whether there appears to be a motive common to each act .

In societies where there is a strong emphasis on certain goals , but where the means for obtaining them are unavailable to most citizens , the result is a situation of anomie ; a situation , in other words , where the rules and standards governing behaviour have lost their influence and force and are liable to be ignored , and where shared norms or rules no longer determine and direct behaviour .
in societies where there is a strong emphasis on certain goals , but where the means for obtaining them are unavailable to most citizens , the result is a situation of anomie ; a situation , in other words , where the rules and standards governing behaviour have lost their influence and force and are liable to be ignored , and where shared norms or rules no longer [find out] and direct behaviour .

They reflect the fact that some groups in society can create laws , and can determine what behaviour is seen as criminal .
they reflect the fact that some groups in society can create laws , and can [find out] what behaviour is seen as criminal .

Explain , with specific examples if possible , how the other factors referred to in the first paragraph ( such as changes in what the law counts as crime , fluctuations in the vigour of the application of the law ) determine or influence the criminal statistics .
explain , with specific examples if possible , how the other factors referred to in the first paragraph ( such as changes in what the law counts as crime , fluctuations in the vigour of the application of the law ) [find out] or influence the criminal statistics .

It is important to appreciate that money , markets and the price mechanism determine the allocation and utilisation of resources in many countries , e.g .
it is important to appreciate that money , markets and the price mechanism [find out] the allocation and utilisation of resources in many countries , e.g .

Loan contract terms : The syndicate leader makes a full appraisal of the borrower 's economic/financial situation to determine ability to meet subsequent loan commitments .
loan contract terms : the syndicate leader makes a full appraisal of the borrower 's economic/financial situation to [find out] ability to meet subsequent loan commitments .

The total structure of environmental scanning is complex and every company displays individual nuances which would be impossible in practice to determine from a questionnaire approach .
the total structure of environmental scanning is complex and every company displays individual nuances which would be impossible in practice to [find out] from a questionnaire approach .

It was not possible from the divisional information to determine if the product was profitable overall .
it was not possible from the divisional information to [find out] if the product was profitable overall .

The planning departments determine in advance which ones they choose to receive .
the planning departments [find out] in advance which ones they choose to receive .

In order to fulfil both of these roles the planning departments need to determine those key environmental issues which must be addressed by all levels of management .
in order to fulfil both of these roles the planning departments need to [find out] those key environmental issues which must be addressed by all levels of management .

The main need is to determine in what ways their own individual needs for information can be satisfied by online services and which are the most suitable .
the main need is to [find out] in what ways their own individual needs for information can be satisfied by online services and which are the most suitable .

… Both categories should be screened to determine which can be assessed through a company 's own collection agencies in a convenient , legal and ethical manner .
… both categories should be screened to [find out] which can be assessed through a company 's own collection agencies in a convenient , legal and ethical manner .

Unless their outputs are assessed to determine implications for the organisation 's current and potential strategies , scanning , monitoring and forecasting merely provide ‘ nice-to-know ’ information .
unless their outputs are assessed to [find out] implications for the organisation 's current and potential strategies , scanning , monitoring and forecasting merely provide ‘ nice-to-know ’ information .

As has been indicated for the parish church , it will be prudent to determine if a descriptive booklet is , or has ever been , available .
as has been indicated for the parish church , it will be prudent to [find out] if a descriptive booklet is , or has ever been , available .

It may also be possible to compare these early drawings with a still existing building on the same site , to determine if it is the same structure , and , if so , if any general exterior modifications have been made .
it may also be possible to compare these early drawings with a still existing building on the same site , to [find out] if it is the same structure , and , if so , if any general exterior modifications have been made .

’ The answers to these questions will determine which books the local researcher will purchase and retain .
’ the answers to these questions will [find out] which books the local researcher will purchase and retain .

Without exception the bodies , institutions and archives mentioned in this chapter have catalogues , guides , indexes or lists to help the researcher determine what is relevant and where to find it .
without exception the bodies , institutions and archives mentioned in this chapter have catalogues , guides , indexes or lists to help the researcher [find out] what is relevant and where to find it .

The computer was programmed by Jewish scholars to examine the text for differences of word usage in much the same way that Shakespeare 's plays or Paul 's letters have been examined to determine whether they were written by their putative authors .
the computer was programmed by jewish scholars to examine the text for differences of word usage in much the same way that shakespeare 's plays or paul 's letters have been examined to [find out] whether they were written by their putative authors .

The corporations are also the development-control authority for the designated area , so they may thus determine planning applications made to them or deem themselves planning permission by resolution .
the corporations are also the development-control authority for the designated area , so they may thus [find out] planning applications made to them or deem themselves planning permission by resolution .

The smoothed value should be close to each of the values which determine it except those which seem atypical ; we therefore want some form of resistant numerical summary — some local typical value .
the smoothed value should be close to each of the values which [find out] it except those which seem atypical ; we therefore want some form of resistant numerical summary — some local typical value .

Apart from the problems of precisely delimiting areas that are experiencing desertification , it is equally difficult to determine whether or not rates of desertification are increasing .
apart from the problems of precisely delimiting areas that are experiencing desertification , it is equally difficult to [find out] whether or not rates of desertification are increasing .

Cole and Marion ( 1988 ) have also examined visitor impact in three areas of east coast national parks to determine if the same conclusions apply to a different , more moist area than that of the and west .
cole and marion ( 1988 ) have also examined visitor impact in three areas of east coast national parks to [find out] if the same conclusions apply to a different , more moist area than that of the and west .

Secondly , there is a need to determine how genetically engineered organisms will react when released into the environment .
secondly , there is a need to [find out] how genetically engineered organisms will react when released into the environment .

The object of the overlay exercise is to determine potentially feasible sites for the dumping of waste material from the nuclear industry , in particular , low- and intermediate-level radioactive waste .
the object of the overlay exercise is to [find out] potentially feasible sites for the dumping of waste material from the nuclear industry , in particular , low- and intermediate-level radioactive waste .

It is difficult to attempt to determine what are suitable estimates of the error in the map .
it is difficult to attempt to [find out] what are suitable estimates of the error in the map .

Steps were taken to ensure that the nodes were not perturbed more than once , but no checks were made to determine whether the perturbation process caused sliver polygons to be created .
steps were taken to ensure that the nodes were not perturbed more than once , but no checks were made to [find out] whether the perturbation process caused sliver polygons to be created .

One approach is to carry out experiments with a digitizing table in order to determine empirically an appropriate distribution for digitizing errors .
one approach is to carry out experiments with a digitizing table in order to [find out] empirically an appropriate distribution for digitizing errors .

The cause of this loss is difficult to determine but in the absence of any definite illness or fear or inhibition it may come from purposelessness ; but once there is equilibrium , then enthusiasm will increase as part of the development of the whole being .
the cause of this loss is difficult to [find out] but in the absence of any definite illness or fear or inhibition it may come from purposelessness ; but once there is equilibrium , then enthusiasm will increase as part of the development of the whole being .

The individual 's social and cultural background usually influences the system of values and beliefs which determine behaviour , for example in the expression of spirituality via various ALs , possibly following a formal religion , or in the acquisition of a moral stance on particular issues .
the individual 's social and cultural background usually influences the system of values and beliefs which [find out] behaviour , for example in the expression of spirituality via various als , possibly following a formal religion , or in the acquisition of a moral stance on particular issues .

The nub of informed consent , they say , is that every human of adult years and sound mind has a right to determine what will be done with his body , and they trace the history of informed consent citing the Nuremberg Code ( 1949 ) and the Declaration of Helsinki ( 1964 , amended 1983 ) , which in the aftermath of war atrocities , attempted to ensure the principle of informed consent .
the nub of informed consent , they say , is that every human of adult years and sound mind has a right to [find out] what will be done with his body , and they trace the history of informed consent citing the nuremberg code ( 1949 ) and the declaration of helsinki ( 1964 , amended 1983 ) , which in the aftermath of war atrocities , attempted to ensure the principle of informed consent .

The environment , including the social environment , is available for children to interact with as they make sense of their experiences , but it does not determine the evolution of the child ’ s mind .
the environment , including the social environment , is available for children to interact with as they make sense of their experiences , but it does not [find out] the evolution of the child ’ s mind .

Consequently , when new words arise in the course of a fantasy scene , children can determine their meaning easily from cues in the situation .
consequently , when new words arise in the course of a fantasy scene , children can [find out] their meaning easily from cues in the situation .

We contend that this revolution in retailing practices will determine future competitive outcomes in retail-apparel-textile channels .
we contend that this revolution in retailing practices will [find out] future competitive outcomes in retail-apparel-textile channels .

For example , arm ’ s-length transactions between retail buyers and apparel sellers determine prices and quantities of goods to be delivered .
for example , arm ’ s-length transactions between retail buyers and apparel sellers [find out] prices and quantities of goods to be delivered .

In the following case studies , we describe how demand variation can be used to determine a firm ’ s production and inventory planning processes .
in the following case studies , we describe how demand variation can be used to [find out] a firm ’ s production and inventory planning processes .

To set an optimal policy for a multi-plant or multi-source setting , the first step is to determine the coefficient of variation for each SKU and then to arrange the SKUs into groups that have similar variations in weekly demand ( i.e. , the same Cv ) .
to set an optimal policy for a multi-plant or multi-source setting , the first step is to [find out] the coefficient of variation for each sku and then to arrange the skus into groups that have similar variations in weekly demand ( i.e. , the same cv ) .

On receipt of the weekly orders , production managers total the quantity of each SKU ordered and determine production needs to restore each SKU ’ s distribution-center inventory to its target level .
on receipt of the weekly orders , production managers total the quantity of each sku ordered and [find out] production needs to restore each sku ’ s distribution-center inventory to its target level .

Next , the manufacturer must determine what percentage of its total capacity should be allocated to the quick line ( we call this percentage the quick-line capacity ratio ) , with the remainder allocated to the regular line .
next , the manufacturer must [find out] what percentage of its total capacity should be allocated to the quick line ( we call this percentage the quick-line capacity ratio ) , with the remainder allocated to the regular line .

We have developed a software package that solves this problem by using computer simulations of the weekly demand and production that determine the consequences of different quick-line capacity ratios and production scheduling policies for the manufacturer ’ s inventory and service levels ( order-fulfillment rate ) to the retailer .
we have developed a software package that solves this problem by using computer simulations of the weekly demand and production that [find out] the consequences of different quick-line capacity ratios and production scheduling policies for the manufacturer ’ s inventory and service levels ( order-fulfillment rate ) to the retailer .

After completing the process of developing a demand forecast for each SKU , a retailer must determine how much of each item to stock on the shelves of its stores .
after completing the process of developing a demand forecast for each sku , a retailer must [find out] how much of each item to stock on the shelves of its stores .

To determine the magnitude of a stock-out cost for a unit , one must understand consumer behavior .
to [find out] the magnitude of a stock-out cost for a unit , one must understand consumer behavior .

To determine the optimal quantity for a SKU , the retailer finds the number of units to order so that the expected marginal cost of stocking an additional unit and not being able to sell it equals the expected marginal cost of not stocking that unit when it would have sold if available .
to [find out] the optimal quantity for a sku , the retailer finds the number of units to order so that the expected marginal cost of stocking an additional unit and not being able to sell it equals the expected marginal cost of not stocking that unit when it would have sold if available .

These programs involve having either the retailer , the manufacturer , or the retailer and manufacturer together determine desired inventory stocking levels for the manufacturer ’ s product in the retail store .
these programs involve having either the retailer , the manufacturer , or the retailer and manufacturer together [find out] desired inventory stocking levels for the manufacturer ’ s product in the retail store .

In the grocery industry , the implementation of VMI programs has been shown to increase retail inventory turns from 50 percent to 100 percent over those achieved prior to implementation , even if the retailer and manufacturer had previously used electronic data interchange for communication of retail orders.18 The advantage of using VMI programs stems from the retailer and manufacturer working together to determine a flow of shipments that optimizes the economics of the two parties as a system .
in the grocery industry , the implementation of vmi programs has been shown to increase retail inventory turns from 50 percent to 100 percent over those achieved prior to implementation , even if the retailer and manufacturer had previously used electronic data interchange for communication of retail orders.18 the advantage of using vmi programs stems from the retailer and manufacturer working together to [find out] a flow of shipments that optimizes the economics of the two parties as a system .

The retailer must be able to gather and synthesize point-of-sales data quickly to determine what has sold and then update its demand forecast for the product accordingly .
the retailer must be able to gather and synthesize point-of-sales data quickly to [find out] what has sold and then update its demand forecast for the product accordingly .

The formal analysis in Chapter 7 specified the factors that determine whether production of items under rapid replenishment policies should be done domestically or outsourced to low wage countries .
the formal analysis in chapter 7 specified the factors that [find out] whether production of items under rapid replenishment policies should be done domestically or outsourced to low wage countries .

It is difficult to select an organization to do the monitoring , establish the procedures to be followed , and determine who should serve as outside or independent monitors.31 Voluntary compliance measures and agreements in the United States , outside of collective bargaining , have thus far had a history of short-term viability and limited effectiveness .
it is difficult to select an organization to do the monitoring , establish the procedures to be followed , and [find out] who should serve as outside or independent monitors.31 voluntary compliance measures and agreements in the united states , outside of collective bargaining , have thus far had a history of short-term viability and limited effectiveness .

Each exam included a rating scale so that those who took the exam could determine their level of knowledge of the Chicano culture .
each exam included a rating scale so that those who took the exam could [find out] their level of knowledge of the chicano culture .

Nothing strikes me as intellectually and morally more impoverished than the current trend in constitutional scholarship to believe that the wishes , desires , and intentions of the founders should determine the content of our Constitution .
nothing strikes me as intellectually and morally more impoverished than the current trend in constitutional scholarship to believe that the wishes , desires , and intentions of the founders should [find out] the content of our constitution .

Customary rules determine the role of the Crown in a system that has evolved as a constitutional monarchy .
customary rules [find out] the role of the crown in a system that has evolved as a constitutional monarchy .

Rather they are in a joint effort with their fellow countrymen to determine the future of the nation .
rather they are in a joint effort with their fellow countrymen to [find out] the future of the nation .

It is no wonder , therefore , that the Declaration of Independence would assert that the American people were equally entitled , with all other nations , to determine their form of government .
it is no wonder , therefore , that the declaration of independence would assert that the american people were equally entitled , with all other nations , to [find out] their form of government .

An interesting feature of categories is that a category can have the property that the mapping from the domain to the range is specified by the category itself in a recursive way ; the elements of the range determine the mapping from the domain to the range .
an interesting feature of categories is that a category can have the property that the mapping from the domain to the range is specified by the category itself in a recursive way ; the elements of the range [find out] the mapping from the domain to the range .

Always check with drivers and hotel employees to determine if road conditions are good before you depart .
always check with drivers and hotel employees to [find out] if road conditions are good before you depart .

Contact the tourist office to determine when the palace reopens .
contact the tourist office to [find out] when the palace reopens .

Madeira was then granted autonomy , in addition to the right to determine its own taxes and send a deputation to the Portuguese government .
madeira was then granted autonomy , in addition to the right to [find out] its own taxes and send a deputation to the portuguese government .

At the center of the confrontation with the harsh reality of daily life is the concept of karma ; that is “ work ” or “ deed , ” and the implication that the sum total of one ’ s acts in a previous life will determine one ’ s present station in life .
at the center of the confrontation with the harsh reality of daily life is the concept of karma ; that is “ work ” or “ deed , ” and the implication that the sum total of one ’ s acts in a previous life will [find out] one ’ s present station in life .

You can survey the variety of goods available in Beijing ( from crafts and souvenirs to jewelry and carpets ) and determine their fair market prices by visiting the city ’ s most comprehensive department store for tourists , the Friendship Store , located well east of the Forbidden City ( at 17 Jianguomenwai Dajie ) .
you can survey the variety of goods available in beijing ( from crafts and souvenirs to jewelry and carpets ) and [find out] their fair market prices by visiting the city ’ s most comprehensive department store for tourists , the friendship store , located well east of the forbidden city ( at 17 jianguomenwai dajie ) .

Color , transparency , smoothness , and the skill of cutting determine the price .
color , transparency , smoothness , and the skill of cutting [find out] the price .

While much of Spain was under Moorish domination , Barcelona and most of Catalonia remained linked to northern Europe , a geo-political wrinkle that would do much to determine the distinct Catalonian character .
while much of spain was under moorish domination , barcelona and most of catalonia remained linked to northern europe , a geo-political wrinkle that would do much to [find out] the distinct catalonian character .

Actually , so intertwined are legend and history that it is often impossible to determine where fact leaves off and legend begins .
actually , so intertwined are legend and history that it is often impossible to [find out] where fact leaves off and legend begins .

Asked about his legacy Tuesday , Barnes was cautious : `` I 'm not a big one on legacy ; that 's up to others to determine . ''
asked about his legacy tuesday , barnes was cautious : `` i 'm not a big one on legacy ; that 's up to others to [find out] . ''

The increase in calls prompted Jackson Police Chief Rick Staples in March to form a focus group to determine if police officers need to make changes in their response to domestic calls .
the increase in calls prompted jackson police chief rick staples in march to form a focus group to [find out] if police officers need to make changes in their response to domestic calls .

LSC uses census data to determine funding across the nation , and according to the census , the state 's poverty population fell from an estimated 1.2 million in 1990 to an estimated 968,000 in 2000 .
lsc uses census data to [find out] funding across the nation , and according to the census , the state 's poverty population fell from an estimated 1.2 million in 1990 to an estimated 968,000 in 2000 .

The lawsuit , filed by attorneys for Neighborhood Legal Services Association and Community Justice Project , asked the Allegheny County courts to appoint a board of viewers under the state Eminent Domain Code to determine `` just compensation and relocation expenses '' for five families who still live there and for several who already were evicted .
the lawsuit , filed by attorneys for neighborhood legal services association and community justice project , asked the allegheny county courts to appoint a board of viewers under the state eminent domain code to [find out] `` just compensation and relocation expenses '' for five families who still live there and for several who already were evicted .

There are no reliable numbers to determine how many cases are handled by private attorneys for free , but those contributions are minor .
there are no reliable numbers to [find out] how many cases are handled by private attorneys for free , but those contributions are minor .

The bar associations could consult with the IOLTA directors , and then contact banks to determine which ones are providing the best returns with the lowest costs to IOLTA .
the bar associations could consult with the iolta directors , and then contact banks to [find out] which ones are providing the best returns with the lowest costs to iolta .

Nationwide Survey to Determine Public Interest Law Recruitment/Retention Trends WASHINGTON , Jan. 22 ( AScribe Newswire ) -- Pity the `` poor '' lawyer .
nationwide survey to [find out] public interest law recruitment/retention trends washington , jan. 22 ( ascribe newswire ) -- pity the `` poor '' lawyer .

To determine if and why lawyers will stay with or leave public interest law , on February 8 , 2002 the National Association for Public Interest Law ( NAPIL ) and the National Legal Aid and Defender Association will launch an online survey at http : //www.napil.org/ The survey is designed to gauge the level of the judicial and educational debt crises .
to [find out] if and why lawyers will stay with or leave public interest law , on february 8 , 2002 the national association for public interest law ( napil ) and the national legal aid and defender association will launch an online survey at http : //www.napil.org/ the survey is designed to gauge the level of the judicial and educational debt crises .

He uses the same federal poverty guidelines to determine his hourly rate , which tops out at $ 87.50 .
he uses the same federal poverty guidelines to [find out] his hourly rate , which tops out at $ 87.50 .

Hall says that the students will do eligibility screening to determine whether callers qualify for legal assistance from TRLA .
hall says that the students will do eligibility screening to [find out] whether callers qualify for legal assistance from trla .

Consistent evaluation across the models would determine if they actually make a difference .
consistent evaluation across the models would [find out] if they actually make a difference .

However , it may be more a matter of skill and ability to work in this setting and deliver the needed type of intervention rather than of profession that should determine who should deliver the intervention .
however , it may be more a matter of skill and ability to work in this setting and deliver the needed type of intervention rather than of profession that should [find out] who should deliver the intervention .

The research questions are how to determine which patients need maintenance activities , what types of activities they need , and when or how often they are needed .
the research questions are how to [find out] which patients need maintenance activities , what types of activities they need , and when or how often they are needed .

This problem makes it difficult to determine the appropriate time to schedule outcome assessments and booster interventions .
this problem makes it difficult to [find out] the appropriate time to schedule outcome assessments and booster interventions .

We need to determine the sequence and combination of questions and tests that constitute the best screening process .
we need to [find out] the sequence and combination of questions and tests that constitute the best screening process .

The ease of use of a screening test will determine its success .
the ease of use of a screening test will [find out] its success .

Research questions : finding the best approach to screening To determine the best of the available screens , a multi-center trial with a broad demographic mix and a large number of patients subjected to different screens is needed .
research questions : finding the best approach to screening to [find out] the best of the available screens , a multi-center trial with a broad demographic mix and a large number of patients subjected to different screens is needed .

To determine the best sequence for screening , the approach recommended by NIAAA for primary care should be compared with other sequences .
to [find out] the best sequence for screening , the approach recommended by niaaa for primary care should be compared with other sequences .

Agencies or programs that balance multiple missions present the Congress with significant issues that must be evaluated in order to determine how best to achieve all of the goals and objectives for which the entity was created .
agencies or programs that balance multiple missions present the congress with significant issues that must be evaluated in order to [find out] how best to achieve all of the goals and objectives for which the entity was created .

Thus , while it may be accurate that large portions of the missions engaged in by the Coast Guard or FEMA today do not relate primarily to homeland security , it is wholly appropriate for Congress to determine whether the future missions of such agencies should focus principally on homeland security .
thus , while it may be accurate that large portions of the missions engaged in by the coast guard or fema today do not relate primarily to homeland security , it is wholly appropriate for congress to [find out] whether the future missions of such agencies should focus principally on homeland security .

Such decisions , of course , would require the Congress to determine the best approach for carrying out a range of the government 's missions and operations , in order to see that non-homeland security activities of these departments are still achieved .
such decisions , of course , would require the congress to [find out] the best approach for carrying out a range of the government 's missions and operations , in order to see that non-homeland security activities of these departments are still achieved .

Careful analysis is needed to determine the need for additional flexibilities .
careful analysis is needed to [find out] the need for additional flexibilities .

Customer feedback : Customer feedback can help senior executives determine customers ' needs and their levels of satisfaction with existing products and services .
customer feedback : customer feedback can help senior executives [find out] customers ' needs and their levels of satisfaction with existing products and services .

One action was to task a training committee to develop and implement a Training Needs Assessment tool to determine employees ' training needs and to schedule training for fiscal year 2002 .
one action was to task a training committee to develop and implement a training needs assessment tool to [find out] employees ' training needs and to schedule training for fiscal year 2002 .

VBA disaggregates its survey results to the regional offices and policy and program support offices that are larger than 15 employees in order to allow the senior executives to determine actions that are appropriate for their offices .
vba disaggregates its survey results to the regional offices and policy and program support offices that are larger than 15 employees in order to allow the senior executives to [find out] actions that are appropriate for their offices .

Improve organizational effectiveness : Continue to improve customer service through timely and enhanced consultation , cooperation , and communication with government officials and others to build consensus ; review public comment cards and survey results to determine where improvements can be made ; expand partnerships to implement on-the-ground activities ; implement the service-first concept and improve overall services ; and improve program accountability and performance by staying within the organizational cost targets and assuring the accuracy of cost data , conducting the work aligned with cost targets , and improving work processes and internal management practices based on analyses of management and evaluation data , such as activity-based cost data .
improve organizational effectiveness : continue to improve customer service through timely and enhanced consultation , cooperation , and communication with government officials and others to build consensus ; review public comment cards and survey results to [find out] where improvements can be made ; expand partnerships to implement on-the-ground activities ; implement the service-first concept and improve overall services ; and improve program accountability and performance by staying within the organizational cost targets and assuring the accuracy of cost data , conducting the work aligned with cost targets , and improving work processes and internal management practices based on analyses of management and evaluation data , such as activity-based cost data .

These and other questions are worth exploring to determine what changes are needed on a going-forward basis to minimize the possibility that these types of events will occur in the future .
these and other questions are worth exploring to [find out] what changes are needed on a going-forward basis to minimize the possibility that these types of events will occur in the future .

Using a threestep development planning process , managers assess their current capabilities , determine their specific development needs , and build and execute a development plan .
using a threestep development planning process , managers assess their current capabilities , [find out] their specific development needs , and build and execute a development plan .

Without the support of federal finance organizations , program managers may not be able to determine or defend the cost associated with or benefits derived from government activities .
without the support of federal finance organizations , program managers may not be able to [find out] or defend the cost associated with or benefits derived from government activities .

To build a case for change , Pfizer 's CFO initiated a benchmarking survey to determine exactly how his organization stacked up against the other leading finance organizations .
to build a case for change , pfizer 's cfo initiated a benchmarking survey to [find out] exactly how his organization stacked up against the other leading finance organizations .

During this process , one company we visited actually stopped distributing selected management reports to determine whether anyone would miss them .
during this process , one company we visited actually stopped distributing selected management reports to [find out] whether anyone would miss them .

We synthesized and analyzed the numerous documents acquired from our literature search and case study organizations to determine the objectives essential for organizations to improve their financial management .
we synthesized and analyzed the numerous documents acquired from our literature search and case study organizations to [find out] the objectives essential for organizations to improve their financial management .

Section 609 : Participation by small entities The requirements of section 609 are inapplicable to this rule since NHTSA did not determine that it would have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities .
section 609 : participation by small entities the requirements of section 609 are inapplicable to this rule since nhtsa did not [find out] that it would have a significant impact on a substantial number of small entities .

Thus , according to NHTSA , section 330 deprived the agency of the discretion it otherwise would have under section 32902 to determine the applicable standard under the criteria set forth therein .
thus , according to nhtsa , section 330 deprived the agency of the discretion it otherwise would have under section 32902 to [find out] the applicable standard under the criteria set forth therein .

As a result , the agency did not complete its analysis to determine what the `` maximum feasible '' level actually would be for model year 1998 under the 49 U.S.C .
as a result , the agency did not complete its analysis to [find out] what the `` maximum feasible '' level actually would be for model year 1998 under the 49 u.s.c .

Without a systematic measurement of the extent of the problem , agency management can not determine ( 1 ) if the problem is significant enough to require corrective action , ( 2 ) how much to costeffectively invest in internal control systems to correct the problem , or ( 3 ) the impact of the actions already taken to reduce improper payments or additional corrective actions needed .
without a systematic measurement of the extent of the problem , agency management can not [find out] ( 1 ) if the problem is significant enough to require corrective action , ( 2 ) how much to costeffectively invest in internal control systems to correct the problem , or ( 3 ) the impact of the actions already taken to reduce improper payments or additional corrective actions needed .

The purpose of this tool is to assist agencies in maintaining or implementing effective internal control and , as needed , to help determine what , where , and how improvements can be implemented .
the purpose of this tool is to assist agencies in maintaining or implementing effective internal control and , as needed , to help [find out] what , where , and how improvements can be implemented .

A key step in the process of gaining this assurance is conducting a risk assessment , an activity that entails a comprehensive review and analysis of program operations to determine where risks exist and what those risks are , and then measuring the potential or actual impact of those risks on program operations .
a key step in the process of gaining this assurance is conducting a risk assessment , an activity that entails a comprehensive review and analysis of program operations to [find out] where risks exist and what those risks are , and then measuring the potential or actual impact of those risks on program operations .

As risks are addressed and controls are changed , they should occasionally be revisited to determine where the risks have decreased and where new areas of risk may exist .
as risks are addressed and controls are changed , they should occasionally be revisited to [find out] where the risks have decreased and where new areas of risk may exist .

The information developed during a risk assessment forms the foundation or basis upon which management can determine the nature and type of corrective actions needed , and it gives management baseline information for measuring progress in reducing improper payments .
the information developed during a risk assessment forms the foundation or basis upon which management can [find out] the nature and type of corrective actions needed , and it gives management baseline information for measuring progress in reducing improper payments .

The organizations that participated in our study found that conducting risk assessments , to determine the nature and extent of their improper payments , was an essential step in helping them focus on the most significant problem areas and determine what needed to be done to address the identified risks in those areas .
the organizations that participated in our study found that conducting risk assessments , to [find out] the nature and extent of their improper payments , was an essential step in helping them focus on the most significant problem areas and [find out] what needed to be done to address the identified risks in those areas .

For example , the Illinois Department of Public Aid ( IDPA ) conducted a 1998 comparison of Medicaid payments made with information and documentation associated with the claims to determine if the payments were accurate .
for example , the illinois department of public aid ( idpa ) conducted a 1998 comparison of medicaid payments made with information and documentation associated with the claims to [find out] if the payments were accurate .

For example , the Department of Social Security in the United Kingdom uses the results of a rolling program of reviews to determine the levels of fraud and error in its Income Support and Jobseeker 's Allowance benefit programs .
for example , the department of social security in the united kingdom uses the results of a rolling program of reviews to [find out] the levels of fraud and error in its income support and jobseeker 's allowance benefit programs .

Having developed such a framework , an organization is well positioned to determine which control activities to implement to reduce risks and ultimately reduce fraud and errors .
having developed such a framework , an organization is well positioned to [find out] which control activities to implement to reduce risks and ultimately reduce fraud and errors .

For example , the Social Security Administration ( SSA ) obtains death records from states to determine if deceased individuals are receiving benefit checks .
for example , the social security administration ( ssa ) obtains death records from states to [find out] if deceased individuals are receiving benefit checks .

Data matches of social security numbers and other data can help determine whether beneficiaries are receiving payments inappropriately or under more than one name or address .
data matches of social security numbers and other data can help [find out] whether beneficiaries are receiving payments inappropriately or under more than one name or address .

Texas also shares data with three of its bordering states to determine duplicity of benefits , which , for the four states , has resulted in an average of 337 potential duplicates per state per quarter .
texas also shares data with three of its bordering states to [find out] duplicity of benefits , which , for the four states , has resulted in an average of 337 potential duplicates per state per quarter .

Kentucky performs data matches to determine eligibility for Food Stamps , TANF , and Medicaid benefits using an integrated automated system that lets caseworkers determine eligibility for the three programs simultaneously .
kentucky performs data matches to [find out] eligibility for food stamps , tanf , and medicaid benefits using an integrated automated system that lets caseworkers [find out] eligibility for the three programs simultaneously .

The state matches data with the National Crime Information Center to check for fleeing felons , with SSA to determine if any clients are in prison or have died , and with assistance programs in other states to check for client disqualification .
the state matches data with the national crime information center to check for fleeing felons , with ssa to [find out] if any clients are in prison or have died , and with assistance programs in other states to check for client disqualification .

The results from both the data mining activities and the neural network reports are reviewed and possibly investigated to determine if the claims are fraudulent or the providers are unscrupulous .
the results from both the data mining activities and the neural network reports are reviewed and possibly investigated to [find out] if the claims are fraudulent or the providers are unscrupulous .

The judgment of field staff , auditors , nurses , and policy experts will be used to determine if they are paid correctly .
the judgment of field staff , auditors , nurses , and policy experts will be used to [find out] if they are paid correctly .

This risk assessment is used to determine where risks exist , what those risks are , and the potential or actual impact of those risks on program operations .
this risk assessment is used to [find out] where risks exist , what those risks are , and the potential or actual impact of those risks on program operations .

They were delegated the authority to determine applicants ' eligibility , to approve up to $ 100,000 in public financial assistance , and to help to ensure that applicants are kept fully informed throughout the public assistance process .
they were delegated the authority to [find out] applicants ' eligibility , to approve up to $ 100,000 in public financial assistance , and to help to ensure that applicants are kept fully informed throughout the public assistance process .

Although team members had the authority to set their schedules and determine their day-to-day work priorities , heavy workload demands prevented them from being able to plan and manage their work .
although team members had the authority to set their schedules and [find out] their day-to-day work priorities , heavy workload demands prevented them from being able to plan and manage their work .

The specific objective of our review was to determine how such organizations have designed and implemented their programs in order to identify practices that could be applied at federal agencies .
the specific objective of our review was to [find out] how such organizations have designed and implemented their programs in order to identify practices that could be applied at federal agencies .

To determine the applicability of the leading organization 's practices to federal agencies , we discussed our findings with numerous federal officials , including officials in OMB 's Information Policy and Technology Branch , the Computer Security Division of NIST 's Information Technology Laboratory , CIO Council members , the chairman of the Chief Financial Officers Council 's systems subcommittee , information security officers from 15 federal agencies , and members of the President 's Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection .
to [find out] the applicability of the leading organization 's practices to federal agencies , we discussed our findings with numerous federal officials , including officials in omb 's information policy and technology branch , the computer security division of nist 's information technology laboratory , cio council members , the chairman of the chief financial officers council 's systems subcommittee , information security officers from 15 federal agencies , and members of the president 's commission on critical infrastructure protection .

Risk Management Principles Implemented by Leading Organizations Assess risk and determine needs Establish a central management focal point Implement appropriate policies and related controls Promote awareness Monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness An important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .
risk management principles implemented by leading organizations assess risk and [find out] needs establish a central management focal point implement appropriate policies and related controls promote awareness monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness an important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .

As a result , it is difficult , if not impossible , to precisely compare the cost of controls with the risk of loss in order to determine which controls are the most cost-effective .
as a result , it is difficult , if not impossible , to precisely compare the cost of controls with the risk of loss in order to [find out] which controls are the most cost-effective .

Business managers , usually referred to as program managers in federal agencies , are generally in the best position to determine which of their information resources are the most sensitive and what the business impact of a loss of integrity , confidentiality , or availability would be .
business managers , usually referred to as program managers in federal agencies , are generally in the best position to [find out] which of their information resources are the most sensitive and what the business impact of a loss of integrity , confidentiality , or availability would be .

Business or program managers are also in the best position to determine how security controls may impair their operations .
business or program managers are also in the best position to [find out] how security controls may impair their operations .

They believe that additional efforts to develop precisely quantified risks are not cost-effective because ( 1 ) such estimates take an inordinate amount of time and effort to identify and verify or develop , ( 2 ) the risk documentation becomes too voluminous to be of practical use , and ( 3 ) specific loss estimates are generally not needed to determine if a control is needed .
they believe that additional efforts to develop precisely quantified risks are not cost-effective because ( 1 ) such estimates take an inordinate amount of time and effort to identify and verify or develop , ( 2 ) the risk documentation becomes too voluminous to be of practical use , and ( 3 ) specific loss estimates are generally not needed to [find out] if a control is needed .

In addition , several of the security managers expressed interest in improving their ability to more precisely measure the costs and benefits of security-related activities so that their organizations could better determine which controls and activities were the most cost effective .
in addition , several of the security managers expressed interest in improving their ability to more precisely measure the costs and benefits of security-related activities so that their organizations could better [find out] which controls and activities were the most cost effective .

Testing the Effectiveness of Controls Directly testing control effectiveness was cited most often as an effective way to determine if the risk reduction techniques that had been agreed to were , in fact , operating effectively .
testing the effectiveness of controls directly testing control effectiveness was cited most often as an effective way to [find out] if the risk reduction techniques that had been agreed to were , in fact , operating effectively .

A subsequent review was performed a few months later to determine if weaknesses had been reduced .
a subsequent review was performed a few months later to [find out] if weaknesses had been reduced .

The previously cited example of using records on virus incidents to determine the need for virus-detection software also illustrates this point .
the previously cited example of using records on virus incidents to [find out] the need for virus-detection software also illustrates this point .

In this regard , agencies must continually ( 1 ) explore and assess information security risks to business operations , ( 2 ) determine what policies , standards , and controls are worth implementing to reduce these risks , ( 3 ) promote awareness and understanding among program managers , computer users , and systems development staff , and ( 4 ) assess compliance and control effectiveness .
in this regard , agencies must continually ( 1 ) explore and assess information security risks to business operations , ( 2 ) [find out] what policies , standards , and controls are worth implementing to reduce these risks , ( 3 ) promote awareness and understanding among program managers , computer users , and systems development staff , and ( 4 ) assess compliance and control effectiveness .

OMB and FASAB will respond to the request for guidance by providing technical assistance unless they determine that the response should be an Interpretation .
omb and fasab will respond to the request for guidance by providing technical assistance unless they [find out] that the response should be an interpretation .

A key aspect of the stewardship objective requires that Federal reporting provide information that helps users determine ( 1 ) whether the Government 's financial condition improved or deteriorated over the period and ( 2 ) whether future budgetary resources will likely be sufficient to sustain public services and to meet obligations as they come due .
a key aspect of the stewardship objective requires that federal reporting provide information that helps users [find out] ( 1 ) whether the government 's financial condition improved or deteriorated over the period and ( 2 ) whether future budgetary resources will likely be sufficient to sustain public services and to meet obligations as they come due .

Although the Board does not have authority to set audit standards , it established RSSI with the expectation that OMB and GAO will , in collaboration , determine appropriate audit procedures for this information .
although the board does not have authority to set audit standards , it established rssi with the expectation that omb and gao will , in collaboration , [find out] appropriate audit procedures for this information .

CONDITION ASSESSMENT SURVEYS - Periodic inspections of PP & E to determine their current condition and estimated cost to correct any deficiencies .
condition assessment surveys - periodic inspections of pp & e to [find out] their current condition and estimated cost to correct any deficiencies .

DIVIDEND FUND INTEREST RATE - The interest rate determined at policy issuance used to determine the amount of the dividend fund .
dividend fund interest rate - the interest rate determined at policy issuance used to [find out] the amount of the dividend fund .

It is the rate used to credit interest to the dividend fund , and against which experience is measured to determine the amount of the interest portion of dividends paid to individual policyholders .
it is the rate used to credit interest to the dividend fund , and against which experience is measured to [find out] the amount of the interest portion of dividends paid to individual policyholders .

The accumulated and reported data enable management and other interested parties to measure and make decisions about the agency's/segment 's ability to improve operations , safeguard assets , control its resources , and determine if mission objectives are being met .
the accumulated and reported data enable management and other interested parties to measure and make decisions about the agency's/segment 's ability to improve operations , safeguard assets , control its resources , and [find out] if mission objectives are being met .

RECOGNIZE - To determine the amount , timing , classification , and other conditions precedent to the acceptance and entry of a transaction .
recognize - to [find out] the amount , timing , classification , and other conditions precedent to the acceptance and entry of a transaction .

Federal agencies must determine what information is both relevant and essential to different internal and external information users and include only the information the users require.19 Most important , agency managers need performance information to ensure that programs meet intended goals , assess the efficiency of processes , and promote continuous improvement .
federal agencies must [find out] what information is both relevant and essential to different internal and external information users and include only the information the users require.19 most important , agency managers need performance information to ensure that programs meet intended goals , assess the efficiency of processes , and promote continuous improvement .

Once the performance gaps are identified for different program areas , managers can determine where to target their resources to improve overall mission accomplishment .
once the performance gaps are identified for different program areas , managers can [find out] where to target their resources to improve overall mission accomplishment .

As part of the effort , panels composed of physicians not affiliated with VHA review medical records to determine if community standards have been met .
as part of the effort , panels composed of physicians not affiliated with vha review medical records to [find out] if community standards have been met .

The guidelines do not apply to inpatient hospital services and hospice services and will be used by Medicare fiscal intermediaries to determine the maximum allowable costs of the therapy services .
the guidelines do not apply to inpatient hospital services and hospice services and will be used by medicare fiscal intermediaries to [find out] the maximum allowable costs of the therapy services .

The ultimate goal of the data reliability assessment is to determine whether you can use the data for your intended purposes .
the ultimate goal of the data reliability assessment is to [find out] whether you can use the data for your intended purposes .

The engagement type and planned use of the data help to determine when you should assess data reliability .
the engagement type and planned use of the data help to [find out] when you should assess data reliability .

Your judgment of the data 's importance and the reliability of the source , as well as other engagement factors , can help you determine the extent of such an assessment .
your judgment of the data 's importance and the reliability of the source , as well as other engagement factors , can help you [find out] the extent of such an assessment .

Section 5 : Viewing the Entire Assessment Process The ultimate goal of the data reliability assessment is to determine whether you can use the data to answer the research question .
section 5 : viewing the entire assessment process the ultimate goal of the data reliability assessment is to [find out] whether you can use the data to answer the research question .

The first step-a review of existing information-helps you to determine what is already known about the data and the computer processing .
the first step-a review of existing information-helps you to [find out] what is already known about the data and the computer processing .

When the preliminary assessment indicates that the reliability of the data is undetermined , consider doing additional work to determine reliability .
when the preliminary assessment indicates that the reliability of the data is undetermined , consider doing additional work to [find out] reliability .

A range of additional steps to further determine data reliability includes tracing to and from source documents , using advanced electronic testing , and reviewing selected system controls .
a range of additional steps to further [find out] data reliability includes tracing to and from source documents , using advanced electronic testing , and reviewing selected system controls .

Tracing to and from Source Documents Tracing a sample of data records to source documents helps you to determine whether the computer data accurately and completely reflect these documents .
tracing to and from source documents tracing a sample of data records to source documents helps you to [find out] whether the computer data accurately and completely reflect these documents .

It is this error rate that helps you to determine the data reliability .
it is this error rate that helps you to [find out] the data reliability .

Such tracing may be appropriate to determine whether all data are completely entered .
such tracing may be appropriate to [find out] whether all data are completely entered .

Therefore , a review of selected system controls is the best method to determine if data were entered reliably .
therefore , a review of selected system controls is the best method to [find out] if data were entered reliably .

Section 9 : Making the Final Assessment During the final assessment , you should consider the results of all your previous work to determine whether , for your intended use , the data are sufficiently reliable , not sufficiently reliable , or still undetermined .
section 9 : making the final assessment during the final assessment , you should consider the results of all your previous work to [find out] whether , for your intended use , the data are sufficiently reliable , not sufficiently reliable , or still undetermined .

When you determine that the data are not sufficiently reliable , you should inform the requester that sufficiently reliable data , needed to respond to the request , are unavailable .
when you [find out] that the data are not sufficiently reliable , you should inform the requester that sufficiently reliable data , needed to respond to the request , are unavailable .

As noted above in the case of not sufficiently reliable data , when you determine that the data are of undetermined reliability , you should inform the requester-if appropriate-that sufficiently reliable data , needed to respond to the request , are unavailable .
as noted above in the case of not sufficiently reliable data , when you [find out] that the data are of undetermined reliability , you should inform the requester-if appropriate-that sufficiently reliable data , needed to respond to the request , are unavailable .

They noted that many boards are reassessing their roles and responsibilities and , at this time , it is difficult to determine what is working and what is not working .
they noted that many boards are reassessing their roles and responsibilities and , at this time , it is difficult to [find out] what is working and what is not working .

Accordingly , some participants believed that it is time to think about having the SEC operate independently in setting its own funding levels , like the Federal Reserve , and to let the SEC determine and set its own fees , with industry participation , for the activities it conducts .
accordingly , some participants believed that it is time to think about having the sec operate independently in setting its own funding levels , like the federal reserve , and to let the sec [find out] and set its own fees , with industry participation , for the activities it conducts .

The SEC and the PCAOB should explore integrating their activities to get the new enforcement mechanisms in place to determine how well they may address some of the issues discussed .
the sec and the pcaob should explore integrating their activities to get the new enforcement mechanisms in place to [find out] how well they may address some of the issues discussed .

Specifically , they must determine whether :
specifically , they must [find out] whether :

Agencies should determine whether any electronic signature alternative , in conjunction with appropriate process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits on the one hand and cost and risk on the other .
agencies should [find out] whether any electronic signature alternative , in conjunction with appropriate process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits on the one hand and cost and risk on the other .

Although automated edits assist in determining the validity of a claim , they can not determine whether the claim was properly documented nor can they fully replace the role of a human reviewer .
although automated edits assist in determining the validity of a claim , they can not [find out] whether the claim was properly documented nor can they fully replace the role of a human reviewer .

OMB 's guidance states that an agency should determine whether an electronic signature alternative , in conjunction with appropriate process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits , costs , and risks ; and if so , determine and document which signature alternative is the best one to use for a particular application .
omb 's guidance states that an agency should [find out] whether an electronic signature alternative , in conjunction with appropriate process controls , represents a practicable tradeoff between benefits , costs , and risks ; and if so , [find out] and document which signature alternative is the best one to use for a particular application .

Both officials would lose the capability to determine whether claims under $ 75 were reasonable under the circumstances .
both officials would lose the capability to [find out] whether claims under $ 75 were reasonable under the circumstances .

APHIS did determine , however , that the amendments to the regulations allowing , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen pork from the State of Sonora , Mexico , into the United States could be issued as a final rule at this time .
aphis did [find out] , however , that the amendments to the regulations allowing , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen pork from the state of sonora , mexico , into the united states could be issued as a final rule at this time .

Critical to the product development process were activities that enabled the capture of specific design and manufacturing knowledge and decision reviews to determine if the knowledge captured would support the increased investment necessary to move to the next development phase or into production .
critical to the product development process were activities that enabled the capture of specific design and manufacturing knowledge and decision reviews to [find out] if the knowledge captured would support the increased investment necessary to move to the next development phase or into production .

While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively .
while the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately [find out] whether they will be used effectively .

How effectively DOD manages these funds will determine whether it receives a good return on its investment .
how effectively dod manages these funds will [find out] whether it receives a good return on its investment .

Because these changes occurred in 2000 and 2001 , it is too early to determine how effectively they will be put into practice .
because these changes occurred in 2000 and 2001 , it is too early to [find out] how effectively they will be put into practice .

Our overall objective was to determine whether best practices offer methods to improve the way DOD ensures that the design is stable early in the development process and whether having manufacturing processes in control before production results in better cost , schedule , and quality outcomes in DOD major acquisition programs .
our overall objective was to [find out] whether best practices offer methods to improve the way dod ensures that the design is stable early in the development process and whether having manufacturing processes in control before production results in better cost , schedule , and quality outcomes in dod major acquisition programs .

To determine the best practices for ensuring product design and manufacturing maturity from the commercial sector , we conducted general literature searches .
to [find out] the best practices for ensuring product design and manufacturing maturity from the commercial sector , we conducted general literature searches .

In 1999 , after developing and testing a number of engineering prototype missiles , the program held a critical design review to determine if the program was ready to begin initial manufacturing of a production representative prototype for system demonstration .
in 1999 , after developing and testing a number of engineering prototype missiles , the program held a critical design review to [find out] if the program was ready to begin initial manufacturing of a production representative prototype for system demonstration .

In 1995 , about the expected midpoint of the phase , the program held its critical design review to determine if the design was stable and complete .
in 1995 , about the expected midpoint of the phase , the program held its critical design review to [find out] if the design was stable and complete .

It included three Design Knowledge Should Be Captured before Entering Product Demonstration aspects : ( 1 ) activities that led to the capture of specific design knowledge , ( 2 ) activities that led to the capture of specific manufacturing and product reliability knowledge , and ( 3 ) decision reviews to determine if the appropriate knowledge was captured to move to the next phase .
it included three design knowledge should be captured before entering product demonstration aspects : ( 1 ) activities that led to the capture of specific design knowledge , ( 2 ) activities that led to the capture of specific manufacturing and product reliability knowledge , and ( 3 ) decision reviews to [find out] if the appropriate knowledge was captured to move to the next phase .

Each company had a design review process that began at the component level , continued through the subsystem level , and culminated with a critical design review of the integrated system to determine if the product was ready to progress to the next phase of development .
each company had a design review process that began at the component level , continued through the subsystem level , and culminated with a critical design review of the integrated system to [find out] if the product was ready to progress to the next phase of development .

Each commercial company , after capturing specific design knowledge , had an executive level review at the decision point to determine if the product design had sufficiently progressed to permit a transition from product integration to product demonstration .
each commercial company , after capturing specific design knowledge , had an executive level review at the decision point to [find out] if the product design had sufficiently progressed to permit a transition from product integration to product demonstration .

The commercial companies , after capturing specific manufacturing knowledge , had executive level reviews to determine if the product development had sufficiently progressed to permit a transition into production .
the commercial companies , after capturing specific manufacturing knowledge , had executive level reviews to [find out] if the product development had sufficiently progressed to permit a transition into production .

While the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately determine whether they will be used effectively .
while the right policy and criteria are necessary to ensure a disciplined , knowledge-based product development process , the incentives that influence the key players in the acquisition process will ultimately [find out] whether they will be used effectively .

Under DOD 's revised policy , it is still difficult to determine if a product should enter product demonstration with a stable design .
under dod 's revised policy , it is still difficult to [find out] if a product should enter product demonstration with a stable design .

Therefore , they use specific , knowledge-based standards and criteria to determine if the product is ready to enter the next phase and they hold decision makers accountable for their actions .
therefore , they use specific , knowledge-based standards and criteria to [find out] if the product is ready to enter the next phase and they hold decision makers accountable for their actions .

APHIS did determine , however , that the amendments to the regulations allowing , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen beef from Argentina into the United States could be issued as a final rule at this time .
aphis did [find out] , however , that the amendments to the regulations allowing , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen beef from argentina into the united states could be issued as a final rule at this time .

In compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 , as amended , NRCS staff developed an environmental assessment of this rule to determine if implementation would have a significant impact on the human environment .
in compliance with the national environmental policy act of 1969 , as amended , nrcs staff developed an environmental assessment of this rule to [find out] if implementation would have a significant impact on the human environment .

A sufficient understanding of internal control is to be obtained to plan the audit and to determine the nature , timing , and extent of tests to be performed .
a sufficient understanding of internal control is to be obtained to plan the audit and to [find out] the nature , timing , and extent of tests to be performed .

Auditors should use their professional judgment to determine the form , content , and frequency of the communication , although written communication is preferred , and should document the communication .
auditors should use their professional judgment to [find out] the form , content , and frequency of the communication , although written communication is preferred , and should document the communication .

Auditors determine these three elements of the audit plan together , as the considerations in determining each often overlap .
auditors [find out] these three elements of the audit plan together , as the considerations in determining each often overlap .

Auditors can determine the sufficiency , relevance , and competence of other auditors ' evidence by reviewing their report , audit program , or audit documentation , or by performing supplemental tests of the other auditors ' work .
auditors can [find out] the sufficiency , relevance , and competence of other auditors ' evidence by reviewing their report , audit program , or audit documentation , or by performing supplemental tests of the other auditors ' work .

Paragraphs 7.49 through 7.58 provide guidance to help auditors determine what constitutes sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence to support their findings and conclusions .
paragraphs 7.49 through 7.58 provide guidance to help auditors [find out] what constitutes sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence to support their findings and conclusions .

However , these presumptions are not to be considered sufficient in themselves to determine competence .
however , these presumptions are not to be considered sufficient in themselves to [find out] competence .

When these methods are applied to determine cause , auditors are concerned with eliminating rival explanations .
when these methods are applied to [find out] cause , auditors are concerned with eliminating rival explanations .

However , auditors should determine the validity and reliability of these data that are significant to the audit objectives and may do so by direct tests of the data .
however , auditors should [find out] the validity and reliability of these data that are significant to the audit objectives and may do so by direct tests of the data .

GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft 108 should determine if other auditors have worked to establish the validity and reliability of the data or the effectiveness of the controls over the system that produced the data .
gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft 108 should [find out] if other auditors have worked to establish the validity and reliability of the data or the effectiveness of the controls over the system that produced the data .

Auditors may also determine the validity and reliability of computer-processed data by direct tests of the data .
auditors may also [find out] the validity and reliability of computer-processed data by direct tests of the data .

If auditors determine that internal controls over data which are significantly dependent upon computerized information systems are not effective or if auditors do not plan to test the effectiveness of such controls , auditors should include audit documentation regarding the basis for that conclusion by addressing ( 1 ) the reasons why the design or operation of the controls is ineffective , or ( 2 ) the reasons why it is inefficient to test the controls .
if auditors [find out] that internal controls over data which are significantly dependent upon computerized information systems are not effective or if auditors do not plan to test the effectiveness of such controls , auditors should include audit documentation regarding the basis for that conclusion by addressing ( 1 ) the reasons why the design or operation of the controls is ineffective , or ( 2 ) the reasons why it is inefficient to test the controls .

If they could , the auditors should extend the audit steps and procedures , as necessary , ( 1 ) to determine if fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance are likely to have occurred and ( 2 ) if so , to determine their effect on the audit results .
if they could , the auditors should extend the audit steps and procedures , as necessary , ( 1 ) to [find out] if fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance are likely to have occurred and ( 2 ) if so , to [find out] their effect on the audit results .

If it could , the auditors should extend the audit steps and procedures , as necessary , ( 1 ) to determine if the abuse occurred and ( 2 ) if so , to determine its effect on the audit results .
if it could , the auditors should extend the audit steps and procedures , as necessary , ( 1 ) to [find out] if the abuse occurred and ( 2 ) if so , to [find out] its effect on the audit results .

For example , if the auditors are unable to determine the reliability of information from an agency 's database , and information from this database is critical to the audit findings , the report should clearly state the limitations associated with the information and refrain from making unwarranted conclusions or recommendations .
for example , if the auditors are unable to [find out] the reliability of information from an agency 's database , and information from this database is critical to the audit findings , the report should clearly state the limitations associated with the information and refrain from making unwarranted conclusions or recommendations .

Criteria : An audit report is improved when it provides information so that the report user will be able to determine what is the required or desired state or what is expected from the program or operation .
criteria : an audit report is improved when it provides information so that the report user will be able to [find out] what is the required or desired state or what is expected from the program or operation .

The specific objective of our review was to determine how such organizations have designed and implemented their programs in order to identify practices that could be applied at federal agencies .
the specific objective of our review was to [find out] how such organizations have designed and implemented their programs in order to identify practices that could be applied at federal agencies .

To determine the applicability of the leading organization 's practices to federal agencies , we discussed our findings with numerous federal officials , including officials in OMB 's Information Policy and Technology Branch , the Computer Security Division of NIST 's Information Technology Laboratory , CIO Council members , the chairman of the Chief Financial Officers Council 's systems subcommittee , information security officers from 15 federal agencies , and members of the President 's Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection .
to [find out] the applicability of the leading organization 's practices to federal agencies , we discussed our findings with numerous federal officials , including officials in omb 's information policy and technology branch , the computer security division of nist 's information technology laboratory , cio council members , the chairman of the chief financial officers council 's systems subcommittee , information security officers from 15 federal agencies , and members of the president 's commission on critical infrastructure protection .

Risk Management Principles Implemented by Leading Organizations Assess risk and determine needs Establish a central management focal point Implement appropriate policies and related controls Promote awareness Monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness An important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .
risk management principles implemented by leading organizations assess risk and [find out] needs establish a central management focal point implement appropriate policies and related controls promote awareness monitor and evaluate policy and control effectiveness an important factor in effectively implementing these principles was linking them in a cycle of activity that helped ensure that information security policies addressed current risks on an ongoing basis .

As a result , it is difficult , if not impossible , to precisely compare the cost of controls with the risk of loss in order to determine which controls are the most cost-effective .
as a result , it is difficult , if not impossible , to precisely compare the cost of controls with the risk of loss in order to [find out] which controls are the most cost-effective .

Business managers , usually referred to as program managers in federal agencies , are generally in the best position to determine which of their information resources are the most sensitive and what the business impact of a loss of integrity , confidentiality , or availability would be .
business managers , usually referred to as program managers in federal agencies , are generally in the best position to [find out] which of their information resources are the most sensitive and what the business impact of a loss of integrity , confidentiality , or availability would be .

Business or program managers are also in the best position to determine how security controls may impair their operations .
business or program managers are also in the best position to [find out] how security controls may impair their operations .

They believe that additional efforts to develop precisely quantified risks are not cost-effective because ( 1 ) such estimates take an inordinate amount of time and effort to identify and verify or develop , ( 2 ) the risk documentation becomes too voluminous to be of practical use , and ( 3 ) specific loss estimates are generally not needed to determine if a control is needed .
they believe that additional efforts to develop precisely quantified risks are not cost-effective because ( 1 ) such estimates take an inordinate amount of time and effort to identify and verify or develop , ( 2 ) the risk documentation becomes too voluminous to be of practical use , and ( 3 ) specific loss estimates are generally not needed to [find out] if a control is needed .

In addition , several of the security managers expressed interest in improving their ability to more precisely measure the costs and benefits of security-related activities so that their organizations could better determine which controls and activities were the most cost effective .
in addition , several of the security managers expressed interest in improving their ability to more precisely measure the costs and benefits of security-related activities so that their organizations could better [find out] which controls and activities were the most cost effective .

Testing the Effectiveness of Controls Directly testing control effectiveness was cited most often as an effective way to determine if the risk reduction techniques that had been agreed to were , in fact , operating effectively .
testing the effectiveness of controls directly testing control effectiveness was cited most often as an effective way to [find out] if the risk reduction techniques that had been agreed to were , in fact , operating effectively .

A subsequent review was performed a few months later to determine if weaknesses had been reduced .
a subsequent review was performed a few months later to [find out] if weaknesses had been reduced .

The previously cited example of using records on virus incidents to determine the need for virus-detection software also illustrates this point .
the previously cited example of using records on virus incidents to [find out] the need for virus-detection software also illustrates this point .

In this regard , agencies must continually ( 1 ) explore and assess information security risks to business operations , ( 2 ) determine what policies , standards , and controls are worth implementing to reduce these risks , ( 3 ) promote awareness and understanding among program managers , computer users , and systems development staff , and ( 4 ) assess compliance and control effectiveness .
in this regard , agencies must continually ( 1 ) explore and assess information security risks to business operations , ( 2 ) [find out] what policies , standards , and controls are worth implementing to reduce these risks , ( 3 ) promote awareness and understanding among program managers , computer users , and systems development staff , and ( 4 ) assess compliance and control effectiveness .

Information on threats and incidents experienced by others can help stakeholders identify trends , better understand the risks they face , and determine what preventative measures should be implemented .
information on threats and incidents experienced by others can help stakeholders identify trends , better understand the risks they face , and [find out] what preventative measures should be implemented .

Such analysis centers can use comprehensive , timely information on incidents to determine the nature of an attack , provide warnings , and advise on how to mitigate an imminent attack .
such analysis centers can use comprehensive , timely information on incidents to [find out] the nature of an attack , provide warnings , and advise on how to mitigate an imminent attack .

Having information on threats and on actual incidents experienced by others can help an organization identify trends , better understand the risks it faces , and determine what preventative measures should be implemented .
having information on threats and on actual incidents experienced by others can help an organization identify trends , better understand the risks it faces , and [find out] what preventative measures should be implemented .

In addition , comprehensive , timely information on incidents can help federal and nonfederal analysis centers determine the nature of an attack , provide warnings , and advise on how to mitigate an imminent attack .
in addition , comprehensive , timely information on incidents can help federal and nonfederal analysis centers [find out] the nature of an attack , provide warnings , and advise on how to mitigate an imminent attack .

Another organization had an official board that reviewed membership applications to determine whether the applicant and the applicant 's organization met established membership criteria .
another organization had an official board that reviewed membership applications to [find out] whether the applicant and the applicant 's organization met established membership criteria .

Several representatives stated that an underlying requirement for communications was establishing standard terms and reporting thresholds so that the magnitude of an incident could be easily and consistently understood and members could quickly determine an incident 's potential impact on them .
several representatives stated that an underlying requirement for communications was establishing standard terms and reporting thresholds so that the magnitude of an incident could be easily and consistently understood and members could quickly [find out] an incident 's potential impact on them .

Further , some members from federal agencies said that it took time for them to determine how they could share sensitive , including classified , information with nonfederal government entities .
further , some members from federal agencies said that it took time for them to [find out] how they could share sensitive , including classified , information with nonfederal government entities .

For one organization , this meant that the leaders had to continually establish contacts in their industry and determine which prospective companies would provide the most benefit to the entire group .
for one organization , this meant that the leaders had to continually establish contacts in their industry and [find out] which prospective companies would provide the most benefit to the entire group .

When the individuals moved , the information-sharing organizations had to determine if they would be allowed to continue participating , which was usually based on the contributions and the enthusiasm of the individual .
when the individuals moved , the information-sharing organizations had to [find out] if they would be allowed to continue participating , which was usually based on the contributions and the enthusiasm of the individual .

Information on threats and incidents experienced by others can help an organization identify trends , better understand the risks it faces , and determine what preventative measures should be implemented .
information on threats and incidents experienced by others can help an organization identify trends , better understand the risks it faces , and [find out] what preventative measures should be implemented .

In addition , comprehensive , timely information on incidents can help federal and nonfederal analysis centers determine the nature of an attack , provide warnings , and advise on how to mitigate an imminent attack .
in addition , comprehensive , timely information on incidents can help federal and nonfederal analysis centers [find out] the nature of an attack , provide warnings , and advise on how to mitigate an imminent attack .

To do this , we determine whether the electronic signature system provides reasonable assurance that the signature produced by the system is ( 1 ) unique to the signer , ( 2 ) under the signer 's sole control , ( 3 ) capable of being verified , and ( 4 ) linked to the data in such a manner that , if the data are changed , the signature is invalidated .
to do this , we [find out] whether the electronic signature system provides reasonable assurance that the signature produced by the system is ( 1 ) unique to the signer , ( 2 ) under the signer 's sole control , ( 3 ) capable of being verified , and ( 4 ) linked to the data in such a manner that , if the data are changed , the signature is invalidated .

For the five regulatory agencies on which we focused in this review , we examined the 576 proposed rules that they published in the Federal Register during calendar year 1999 to determine the extent to which they explicitly noted that public comments could be submitted electronically or by facsimile.5 The results , presented in figure 1 , indicate that the agencies varied substantially in those dimensions .
for the five regulatory agencies on which we focused in this review , we examined the 576 proposed rules that they published in the federal register during calendar year 1999 to [find out] the extent to which they explicitly noted that public comments could be submitted electronically or by facsimile.5 the results , presented in figure 1 , indicate that the agencies varied substantially in those dimensions .

They said that ( 1 ) agencies need to be able to design their procedures to fit their particular circumstances ( e.g. , the degree of management centralization in the agencies ) ; ( 2 ) standardization would require scarce agency resources that might be better spent elsewhere ; and ( 3 ) a good first step might be to determine whether lack of standardization is really a problem .
they said that ( 1 ) agencies need to be able to design their procedures to fit their particular circumstances ( e.g. , the degree of management centralization in the agencies ) ; ( 2 ) standardization would require scarce agency resources that might be better spent elsewhere ; and ( 3 ) a good first step might be to [find out] whether lack of standardization is really a problem .

Broadband PCS licenses were auctioned for Blocks A , B , and C. No auction has been held for blocks D , E and F. The FCC asserts that it has insufficient information upon which to determine whether any small businesses within the SBA-approved definition were successful bidders for blocks A and B .
broadband pcs licenses were auctioned for blocks a , b , and c. no auction has been held for blocks d , e and f. the fcc asserts that it has insufficient information upon which to [find out] whether any small businesses within the sba-approved definition were successful bidders for blocks a and b .

The FCC notes that while there are in excess of 13,000 for-profit IBS licenses , a single licensee may hold multiple licenses so that it is not possible to determine the actual number of individual licensees for the service .
the fcc notes that while there are in excess of 13,000 for-profit ibs licenses , a single licensee may hold multiple licenses so that it is not possible to [find out] the actual number of individual licensees for the service .

However , the regulatory flexibility analysis indicates that the rule will benefit all CMRS small business licensees by providing them greater flexibility to determine which service they will provide to the public .
however , the regulatory flexibility analysis indicates that the rule will benefit all cmrs small business licensees by providing them greater flexibility to [find out] which service they will provide to the public .

Ensuring Leadership and Accountability for Agencies ' Transformation Efforts expressed about the methodology and results of the procedures to determine the federal pay gap .
ensuring leadership and accountability for agencies ' transformation efforts expressed about the methodology and results of the procedures to [find out] the federal pay gap .

Program managers need both operational and financial data to determine whether they are meeting their agencies ' strategic and annual performance plans and meeting their goals for accountability for effective and efficient use of resources .
program managers need both operational and financial data to [find out] whether they are meeting their agencies ' strategic and annual performance plans and meeting their goals for accountability for effective and efficient use of resources .

Operating information is also needed to determine whether the agency is achieving its compliance requirements under various laws and regulations .
operating information is also needed to [find out] whether the agency is achieving its compliance requirements under various laws and regulations .

Managers are to ( 1 ) promptly evaluate findings from Page 20 GAO/AIMD-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) audits and other reviews , including those showing deficiencies and recommendations reported by auditors and others who evaluate agencies ' operations , ( 2 ) determine proper actions in response to findings and recommendations from audits and reviews , and ( 3 ) complete , within established time frames , all actions that correct or otherwise resolve the matters brought to management 's attention .
managers are to ( 1 ) promptly evaluate findings from page 20 gao/aimd-00-21.3.1 ( 11/99 ) audits and other reviews , including those showing deficiencies and recommendations reported by auditors and others who evaluate agencies ' operations , ( 2 ) [find out] proper actions in response to findings and recommendations from audits and reviews , and ( 3 ) complete , within established time frames , all actions that correct or otherwise resolve the matters brought to management 's attention .

The contracting method used will determine whether the five phases occur in sequence or if some phases occur concurrently .
the contracting method used will [find out] whether the five phases occur in sequence or if some phases occur concurrently .

Professional judgment is necessary to evaluate this information and determine if the agency conducted an adequate requirements analysis .
professional judgment is necessary to evaluate this information and [find out] if the agency conducted an adequate requirements analysis .

The auditor will be trying to determine whether a project will result in a specified product or level of performance and will be delivered at a specified time and cost .
the auditor will be trying to [find out] whether a project will result in a specified product or level of performance and will be delivered at a specified time and cost .

The auditor should also determine whether previous recommendations have been carried out .
the auditor should also [find out] whether previous recommendations have been carried out .

In this situation the auditor should ( 1 ) focus on determining how one or more prototypesor incremental versions function to define the agency 's requirements and ( 2 ) determine how the system development methodology used by the agency controls the prototyping process .
in this situation the auditor should ( 1 ) focus on determining how one or more prototypesor incremental versions function to define the agency 's requirements and ( 2 ) [find out] how the system development methodology used by the agency controls the prototyping process .

In order to review an acquisition that is using prototypes , the auditor should determine what regulations or guidance the agency has to define a prototyping methodology .
in order to review an acquisition that is using prototypes , the auditor should [find out] what regulations or guidance the agency has to define a prototyping methodology .

Determine the roles Page 17 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks and responsibilities of any groups or committees of senior managers , and the relationships between them .
[find out] the roles page 17 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks and responsibilities of any groups or committees of senior managers , and the relationships between them .

Specifically , determine whether the managers :
specifically , [find out] whether the managers :

Review agency criteria ( regulations and procedures ) to determine the roles the agency assigns to users .
review agency criteria ( regulations and procedures ) to [find out] the roles the agency assigns to users .

Determine from the program manager and selected users which user organizations are actively involved in the acquisition .
[find out] from the program manager and selected users which user organizations are actively involved in the acquisition .

To determine if the acquisition team has theAudit Objective necessary skills and authority to effectively plan and execute the acquisition .
to [find out] if the acquisition team has theaudit objective necessary skills and authority to effectively plan and execute the acquisition .

Determine if the program manager has :
[find out] if the program manager has :

Determine the authority and experience level of theContracting Officer 's Technical Representative .
[find out] the authority and experience level of thecontracting officer 's technical representative .

Determine whether the Contracting Officer is trained and experienced in information technology acquisitions .
[find out] whether the contracting officer is trained and experienced in information technology acquisitions .

Determine whether the needs statement clearly and accurately reflects the users ' needs as indicated in the mission statement and strategic objectives of the users ' organization , the strategic information plan , or the computer security plan .
[find out] whether the needs statement clearly and accurately reflects the users ' needs as indicated in the mission statement and strategic objectives of the users ' organization , the strategic information plan , or the computer security plan .

Contact several users as well as project staff whoare not users to determine if they generally agree that the needs analysis presented in the needs statement adequately addresses actual problems .
contact several users as well as project staff whoare not users to [find out] if they generally agree that the needs analysis presented in the needs statement adequately addresses actual problems .

Determine if the requirements are presented infunctional or performance terms in consideration of full and open competition .
[find out] if the requirements are presented infunctional or performance terms in consideration of full and open competition .

With regard to restrictive requirements ( which donot lead to full and open competition ) , determine :
with regard to restrictive requirements ( which donot lead to full and open competition ) , [find out] :

With regard to the process of revising requirementsduring the acquisition , determine :
with regard to the process of revising requirementsduring the acquisition , [find out] :

Determine whether functional users and/or theprogram manager confirmed that the specifications accurately reflect the requirements and conform to the approved acquisition strategy discussed in the acquisition strategy module .
[find out] whether functional users and/or theprogram manager confirmed that the specifications accurately reflect the requirements and conform to the approved acquisition strategy discussed in the acquisition strategy module .

Determine how restrictions to full and opencompetition in the specifications ( e.g. , equipment characteristics and performance elements ) are handled .
[find out] how restrictions to full and opencompetition in the specifications ( e.g. , equipment characteristics and performance elements ) are handled .

Interview users to determine whether or not they actually reviewed and approved changes to specifications .
interview users to [find out] whether or not they actually reviewed and approved changes to specifications .

Determine if feedback ( comments and questions ) from users and industry is accounted for , considered , and incorporated as appropriate on a continual basis .
[find out] if feedback ( comments and questions ) from users and industry is accounted for , considered , and incorporated as appropriate on a continual basis .

Determine if the agency has developed test plansbased on acceptance criteria furnished or validated by the users .
[find out] if the agency has developed test plansbased on acceptance criteria furnished or validated by the users .

Determine if test plans adequately measure systemperformance requirements to be specified in the request for proposals ( RFP ) .
[find out] if test plans adequately measure systemperformance requirements to be specified in the request for proposals ( rfp ) .

Determine whether the agency consistentlyanalyzed the costs and benefits of each alternative .
[find out] whether the agency consistentlyanalyzed the costs and benefits of each alternative .

Identify the system life used as a basis for evaluating alternatives and determine whether it appears realistic in light of user needs , expected changes in the technology , expected availability of maintenance and other support , and the time needed to prepare subsequent acquisitions .
identify the system life used as a basis for evaluating alternatives and [find out] whether it appears realistic in light of user needs , expected changes in the technology , expected availability of maintenance and other support , and the time needed to prepare subsequent acquisitions .

Determine whether the agency analyzed thefollowing noncost factors for each feasible alternative :
[find out] whether the agency analyzed thefollowing noncost factors for each feasible alternative :

Determine whether or not the risk analysis conforms with the standards identified in FIPS Publications 65 and 73 and OMB Circular A-130 .
[find out] whether or not the risk analysis conforms with the standards identified in fips publications 65 and 73 and omb circular a-130 .

Determine whether the acquisition plan was Audit Steps reviewed and approved in a timely manner by the officials designated in the agency 's acquisition regulations .
[find out] whether the acquisition plan was audit steps reviewed and approved in a timely manner by the officials designated in the agency 's acquisition regulations .

Determine if the acquisition plan calls for full andopen competition .
[find out] if the acquisition plan calls for full andopen competition .

Determine if the APR identifies the officials responsible for managing the effort , in accordance with the GSA guidance provided in FIRMR Bulletin C-5 .
[find out] if the apr identifies the officials responsible for managing the effort , in accordance with the gsa guidance provided in firmr bulletin c-5 .

Auditors should determine what steps the agency has taken to get feedback on its requirements , how the agency has handled comments or questions on a proposed RFP , and whether the agency has acted to ensure that contractor proposals are competitive .
auditors should [find out] what steps the agency has taken to get feedback on its requirements , how the agency has handled comments or questions on a proposed rfp , and whether the agency has acted to ensure that contractor proposals are competitive .

These persons should also know enough about performance or capability validation techniques to determine whether or not the agency 's requirements are reasonable and effective .
these persons should also know enough about performance or capability validation techniques to [find out] whether or not the agency 's requirements are reasonable and effective .

Audit Objectives To determine whether or not the solicitation document is complete , clear , and consistent , verify that requirements continue to reflect user needs , and determine if the proposed evaluation process will result in an effective and economical acquisition .
audit objectives to [find out] whether or not the solicitation document is complete , clear , and consistent , verify that requirements continue to reflect user needs , and [find out] if the proposed evaluation process will result in an effective and economical acquisition .

If a vendor protests the solicitation determine the basis of the protest and how it was resolved .
if a vendor protests the solicitation [find out] the basis of the protest and how it was resolved .

Determine whether the agency reimburses contractors for participating in benchmarking or other testing , and whether the cost of such performance evaluation efforts constitutes a barrier to competition .
[find out] whether the agency reimburses contractors for participating in benchmarking or other testing , and whether the cost of such performance evaluation efforts constitutes a barrier to competition .

Determine how the agency selected a representative mix of programs for the benchmark .
[find out] how the agency selected a representative mix of programs for the benchmark .

Determine if the complexity of programs in the benchmark is representative of the projected work load .
[find out] if the complexity of programs in the benchmark is representative of the projected work load .

Determine how the agency validated the benchmark as representative of the agency 's work load .
[find out] how the agency validated the benchmark as representative of the agency 's work load .

If there is simulation or modeling , determine how the agency selected parameters for the model .
if there is simulation or modeling , [find out] how the agency selected parameters for the model .

Determine whether users or managers identify new or changed requirements not included in the RFP .
[find out] whether users or managers identify new or changed requirements not included in the rfp .

Determine the basis of the protest and its resolution .
[find out] the basis of the protest and its resolution .

Examine the evaluation process by reviewingrecords of the source selection procedures and determine :
examine the evaluation process by reviewingrecords of the source selection procedures and [find out] :

Determine if any vendor submitted a protest and , ifso , whether the protest was handled by the agency , GAO , or GSA 's Board of Contract Appeals .
[find out] if any vendor submitted a protest and , ifso , whether the protest was handled by the agency , gao , or gsa 's board of contract appeals .

Determine whether the Contracting Officerestablished prenegotiation objectives for cost , profit and fee , and other issues in accordance with FAR 15.807 .
[find out] whether the contracting officerestablished prenegotiation objectives for cost , profit and fee , and other issues in accordance with far 15.807 .

These objectives should help determine the overall reasonableness of proposed prices , and may be based on an independent government cost estimate and other information , such as a field pricing report on each contractor 's proposal .
these objectives should help [find out] the overall reasonableness of proposed prices , and may be based on an independent government cost estimate and other information , such as a field pricing report on each contractor 's proposal .

Determine if the agency obtained field pricingsupport in accordance with FAR 15.805-5 .
[find out] if the agency obtained field pricingsupport in accordance with far 15.805-5 .

Determine from a review of documentation the controls that existed to protect the security of sensitive information .
[find out] from a review of documentation the controls that existed to protect the security of sensitive information .

Determine if the agency made multiple calls forbest and final offers , justified in accordance with FAR 15.611 .
[find out] if the agency made multiple calls forbest and final offers , justified in accordance with far 15.611 .

Determine if the best and final offers were solicitedand evaluated in accordance with the source selection plan .
[find out] if the best and final offers were solicitedand evaluated in accordance with the source selection plan .

Determine what policies or procedures the agencyusers have to evaluate acquisition results and communicate `` lessons learned '' to staff conducting future assignments and to other agencies .
[find out] what policies or procedures the agencyusers have to evaluate acquisition results and communicate `` lessons learned '' to staff conducting future assignments and to other agencies .

Review the lessons learned report , if one wascompleted , to determine how agency officials assessed the contracting process .
review the lessons learned report , if one wascompleted , to [find out] how agency officials assessed the contracting process .

Finally , an agency should conduct postimplementation reviews to determine how well acquisition goals were met and whether the information resources acquired should be added to or replaced .
finally , an agency should conduct postimplementation reviews to [find out] how well acquisition goals were met and whether the information resources acquired should be added to or replaced .

Determine the authority and experience level of theContracting Officer 's Representative or Contracting Officer 's Technical Representative .
[find out] the authority and experience level of thecontracting officer 's representative or contracting officer 's technical representative .

Determine how much turnover there has beenwithin the project staff , including the project manager .
[find out] how much turnover there has beenwithin the project staff , including the project manager .

Determine if agency monitoring of the contractor'sperformance includes :
[find out] if agency monitoring of the contractor'sperformance includes :

Determine how the agency compares contractor progress with the contract work schedule .
[find out] how the agency compares contractor progress with the contract work schedule .

Determine the impact of changes on contract cost and schedule .
[find out] the impact of changes on contract cost and schedule .

Determine whether criteria have been establishedfor certifying that security requirements are met .
[find out] whether criteria have been establishedfor certifying that security requirements are met .

Determine whether the appropriate userrepresentative has formally acknowledged the completion of testing and acceptance of the system .
[find out] whether the appropriate userrepresentative has formally acknowledged the completion of testing and acceptance of the system .

If not , determine the reasons and the potential impact .
if not , [find out] the reasons and the potential impact .

Determine if any requirements that were not metby the delivered hardware , software , and telecommunications are still pending and why .
[find out] if any requirements that were not metby the delivered hardware , software , and telecommunications are still pending and why .

Because many different packages are available , and because more than one can be used , auditors should determine what models , if any , are used in their agencies .
because many different packages are available , and because more than one can be used , auditors should [find out] what models , if any , are used in their agencies .

A hardware and software development technique in Prototyping which a preliminary version of part or all of the hardware or software is developed to permit user feedback , determine feasibility , or investigate timing or other issues in support of the development process .
a hardware and software development technique in prototyping which a preliminary version of part or all of the hardware or software is developed to permit user feedback , [find out] feasibility , or investigate timing or other issues in support of the development process .

In addition , GAO may determine that the particular sensitivity of a draft report 's information or recommendations requires restrictive comment procedures .
in addition , gao may [find out] that the particular sensitivity of a draft report 's information or recommendations requires restrictive comment procedures .

Consistent with generally accepted government auditing standards , GAO prefers using published products to communicate the final results of its work because they ( 1 ) communicate the results consistently to all interested parties , ( 2 ) make the results available to the public , ( 3 ) build a readily available subject-matter record for future use , and ( 4 ) facilitate follow-up to determine whether appropriate corrective measures have been taken when needed .
consistent with generally accepted government auditing standards , gao prefers using published products to communicate the final results of its work because they ( 1 ) communicate the results consistently to all interested parties , ( 2 ) make the results available to the public , ( 3 ) build a readily available subject-matter record for future use , and ( 4 ) facilitate follow-up to [find out] whether appropriate corrective measures have been taken when needed .

A major portion of the analysis describes the steps the Commission took in attempting to determine the number of small entities affected by the rule based on GAO/OGC-96-37 various criteria , databases and Census Bureau information .
a major portion of the analysis describes the steps the commission took in attempting to [find out] the number of small entities affected by the rule based on gao/ogc-96-37 various criteria , databases and census bureau information .

Program Effects Case studies can determine the effects of programs and reasons for success ( or failures ) .
program effects case studies can [find out] the effects of programs and reasons for success ( or failures ) .

Page 54 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations For another example , to determine whether actions taken by the states since the mid-1970 's to address medical malpractice insurance reduced insurance costs , the number of claims filed , and the average amount paid per claim , HRD conducted case studies in six selected states ( Arkansas , California , Florida , Indiana , New York , and California ) .
page 54 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations for another example , to [find out] whether actions taken by the states since the mid-1970 's to address medical malpractice insurance reduced insurance costs , the number of claims filed , and the average amount paid per claim , hrd conducted case studies in six selected states ( arkansas , california , florida , indiana , new york , and california ) .

Table 3.6 : Program Effects Case Studies Aspect examined Characteristic Evaluation questions Cause and effect , can be stand alone or multimethods and can be conducted before , during , or after other methods Functions Determine impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects Design features Site selection depends on program diversity , can not be used with highly diverse programs ; best , worst , representative , typical , or cluster bases appropriate ; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey , can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies selected for special purposes ; data rely on observation and structured materials , often combine qualitative and quantitative data ; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes ; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these ; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods Pitfalls Not collecting the right amount of data ; not examining the right number of sites ; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators ; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias There are some methodological solutions to this problem .
table 3.6 : program effects case studies aspect examined characteristic evaluation questions cause and effect , can be stand alone or multimethods and can be conducted before , during , or after other methods functions [find out] impact and give strong inference about reasons for effects design features site selection depends on program diversity , can not be used with highly diverse programs ; best , worst , representative , typical , or cluster bases appropriate ; must keep number of cases manageable or risk becoming minisurvey , can use survey before or after to check generalizability or mix survey with concurrent case studies selected for special purposes ; data rely on observation and structured materials , often combine qualitative and quantitative data ; analysis uses varying degrees of formalization around emergent or predetermined themes ; reports are usually thematic and describe site differences and explain these ; variation in degree of integration of data across sites and of findings from different methods pitfalls not collecting the right amount of data ; not examining the right number of sites ; insufficient supply of well-trained evaluators ; difficulties in giving evaluators enough data collection latitude to obtaining insight without risking bias there are some methodological solutions to this problem .

Aspect examined Characteristic Pitfalls Publication basis may severely limit generalization ; inadequate or uncertain quality of original data ; quality of data-reduction procedures may be very difficult to determine ; the effects of changes in many contextual factors over time may be difficult to separate from effects of the programs Two features of the cumulative case study , shown in table 3.7 , are the case survey method just described as a means of aggregating findings ( Lucas , 1974 ; Yin and Heald , 1975 ; Yin et al. , 1976 ) and backfill techniques ( Berger , 1983 ) .
aspect examined characteristic pitfalls publication basis may severely limit generalization ; inadequate or uncertain quality of original data ; quality of data-reduction procedures may be very difficult to [find out] ; the effects of changes in many contextual factors over time may be difficult to separate from effects of the programs two features of the cumulative case study , shown in table 3.7 , are the case survey method just described as a means of aggregating findings ( lucas , 1974 ; yin and heald , 1975 ; yin et al. , 1976 ) and backfill techniques ( berger , 1983 ) .

Page 99 GAO/PEMD-91-10.1.9 Case Study Evaluations The compromise that has developed is to include in the evaluation the questions of interest to the customer and to permit the researchers to determine what data elements are relevant to these questions and from whom and how they should be collected .
page 99 gao/pemd-91-10.1.9 case study evaluations the compromise that has developed is to include in the evaluation the questions of interest to the customer and to permit the researchers to [find out] what data elements are relevant to these questions and from whom and how they should be collected .

Pensions , income from accumulated assets , and earnings from continued employment largely determine which households will have the highest retirement income ( see figures 1.4 and 1.5 ) .
pensions , income from accumulated assets , and earnings from continued employment largely [find out] which households will have the highest retirement income ( see figures 1.4 and 1.5 ) .

Social Security currently replaces about 53 percent for low earners and about 24 percent for those who earned the taxable maximum ( $ 72,600 in 2000 ) .33 While Social Security provides a foundation for retirement income , pensions , income from accumulated assets , and current earnings largely determine which households will have the highest retirement incomes , as figure 1.5 shows .
social security currently replaces about 53 percent for low earners and about 24 percent for those who earned the taxable maximum ( $ 72,600 in 2000 ) .33 while social security provides a foundation for retirement income , pensions , income from accumulated assets , and current earnings largely [find out] which households will have the highest retirement incomes , as figure 1.5 shows .

The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) describes its projections as more tentative than usual because the increase in CBO 's productivity growth assumption is based on data only for the past few years.16 According to CBO , that limited time span is insufficient to determine whether the rate of 16For more information about potential sources of uncertainty in CBO 's projections , see `` The Uncertainties of Budget Projections , '' Chapter 5 , The Budget and Economic Outlook : Fiscal Years 2002-2011 , Congressional Budget Office ( January 2001 ) , pp .
the congressional budget office ( cbo ) describes its projections as more tentative than usual because the increase in cbo 's productivity growth assumption is based on data only for the past few years.16 according to cbo , that limited time span is insufficient to [find out] whether the rate of 16for more information about potential sources of uncertainty in cbo 's projections , see `` the uncertainties of budget projections , '' chapter 5 , the budget and economic outlook : fiscal years 2002-2011 , congressional budget office ( january 2001 ) , pp .

The key interaction between the budget and the economy is the effect of the federal deficit/surplus on the amount of national saving available for investment.6 Conversely , the rate of economic growth helps determine the overall federal surplus or deficit through its effect on federal revenue and spending .
the key interaction between the budget and the economy is the effect of the federal deficit/surplus on the amount of national saving available for investment.6 conversely , the rate of economic growth helps [find out] the overall federal surplus or deficit through its effect on federal revenue and spending .

Through its effects on federal revenues and spending , GDP also helps determine the NIPA federal budget surplus or deficit .
through its effects on federal revenues and spending , gdp also helps [find out] the nipa federal budget surplus or deficit .

Capital combines with labor and total factor productivity to determine GDP in the next period , and the process continues .
capital combines with labor and total factor productivity to [find out] gdp in the next period , and the process continues .

Specifically , by defining mission improvement objectives , senior executives determine whether their organization needs a CIO who is a networking/marketing specialist , business change agent , operations specialist , policy/oversight manager , or any combination thereof .
specifically , by defining mission improvement objectives , senior executives [find out] whether their organization needs a cio who is a networking/marketing specialist , business change agent , operations specialist , policy/oversight manager , or any combination thereof .

Considering the centralized or decentralized nature of the enterprise helps determine the corporate CIO « s authority level and how the CIO shares responsibility with other managers across the agency .
considering the centralized or decentralized nature of the enterprise helps [find out] the corporate cio « s authority level and how the cio shares responsibility with other managers across the agency .

The following is an outline of the strategies that senior executives in these organizations use to determine the types of CIOs they need , select individuals to carry out these roles , and position them as effective and influential members of the senior executive decision-making team .
the following is an outline of the strategies that senior executives in these organizations use to [find out] the types of cios they need , select individuals to carry out these roles , and position them as effective and influential members of the senior executive decision-making team .

The business CIOs work together to determine how IT can be used to reach customers across business lines .
the business cios work together to [find out] how it can be used to reach customers across business lines .

Needed skills are compared with existing capabilities in the organization to determine gaps in the IT skills base .
needed skills are compared with existing capabilities in the organization to [find out] gaps in the it skills base .

Leading organizations sometimes use surveys that compare missing capabilities with market availability to determine what skills to acquire through hired professionals .
leading organizations sometimes use surveys that compare missing capabilities with market availability to [find out] what skills to acquire through hired professionals .

Appendix II Objectives , Scope , and Methodology The objective of our research was to determine how several leading organizations have implemented their CIO positions and supporting management infrastructures .
appendix ii objectives , scope , and methodology the objective of our research was to [find out] how several leading organizations have implemented their cio positions and supporting management infrastructures .

Further , we met with a panel of CIOs from five small federal agencies to determine whether the practices identified are also applicable across diverse organizational sizes ( based on dimensions such as budget , personnel , etc . ) .
further , we met with a panel of cios from five small federal agencies to [find out] whether the practices identified are also applicable across diverse organizational sizes ( based on dimensions such as budget , personnel , etc . ) .

In deciding to accept or reject a proposed state plan , LSC must ultimately determine whether , when taken together with strategies outlined in the plan in question , the proposed configuration is best calibrated to :
in deciding to accept or reject a proposed state plan , lsc must ultimately [find out] whether , when taken together with strategies outlined in the plan in question , the proposed configuration is best calibrated to :

Television Comm ' n v. Forbes , 523 U. S. 666 ( 1998 ) , that case discussed the nature of television broadcasting , not to determine whether government regulation would alter its `` usual functioning '' and thus violate the Amendment ( no government regulation was even at issue in the case ) , but rather to determine whether state-owned television is a `` public forum '' under our First Amendment jurisprudence .
television comm ' n v. forbes , 523 u. s. 666 ( 1998 ) , that case discussed the nature of television broadcasting , not to [find out] whether government regulation would alter its `` usual functioning '' and thus violate the amendment ( no government regulation was even at issue in the case ) , but rather to [find out] whether state-owned television is a `` public forum '' under our first amendment jurisprudence .

These difficulties support further inquiry into relevant legislative history to help determine the meaning of the presence requirement .
these difficulties support further inquiry into relevant legislative history to help [find out] the meaning of the presence requirement .

By law , the USDOL has only seven days to review an application for H-2A certification to determine its compliance with the statutory requirements .
by law , the usdol has only seven days to review an application for h-2a certification to [find out] its compliance with the statutory requirements .

Grantees statistically `` sample '' the cases closed in the previous year to determine if the `` sampled '' cases generally meet the requirements for reporting cases to LSC .
grantees statistically `` sample '' the cases closed in the previous year to [find out] if the `` sampled '' cases generally meet the requirements for reporting cases to lsc .

In the event that the selfinspection process does reveal problems , grantees are asked to consult with LSC to determine the appropriate corrective action .
in the event that the selfinspection process does reveal problems , grantees are asked to consult with lsc to [find out] the appropriate corrective action .

Recently , LSC examined its competitive grants process , through a series of discussions , and surveys and interviews with consultants , LSC grantees and staff , to determine its effectiveness in measuring an applicant 's capacity to provide high quality , client-centered legal services .
recently , lsc examined its competitive grants process , through a series of discussions , and surveys and interviews with consultants , lsc grantees and staff , to [find out] its effectiveness in measuring an applicant 's capacity to provide high quality , client-centered legal services .

When perfected , the tools will allow programs to evaluate their technology projects during implementation phases to both assure successful completion and , ultimately , to determine whether their goals were achieved .
when perfected , the tools will allow programs to evaluate their technology projects during implementation phases to both assure successful completion and , ultimately , to [find out] whether their goals were achieved .

When the first Strategic Plan was published , and adopted clients served as a performance measure , the LSC Inspector General decided there was a need to determine the accuracy of the grantees ' reports on which the measure was based .
when the first strategic plan was published , and adopted clients served as a performance measure , the lsc inspector general decided there was a need to [find out] the accuracy of the grantees ' reports on which the measure was based .

In 1998 , LSC Program Letters 98-1 and 98-6 broadened the scope of the state planning initiative , asking grantees to determine how they could expand services and ensure that all clients received similar levels of assistance regardless of their location in the state or other factors such as language , disability or political popularity .
in 1998 , lsc program letters 98-1 and 98-6 broadened the scope of the state planning initiative , asking grantees to [find out] how they could expand services and ensure that all clients received similar levels of assistance regardless of their location in the state or other factors such as language , disability or political popularity .

The focus of the study will be to determine what changes need to be made in the existing structure to allow the Center to effectively meet its mission or , alternatively , to recommend a new structure .
the focus of the study will be to [find out] what changes need to be made in the existing structure to allow the center to effectively meet its mission or , alternatively , to recommend a new structure .

This Project is piloting new telephone and case management systems so that ILS can determine the most effective way of implementing a statewide Hotline .
this project is piloting new telephone and case management systems so that ils can [find out] the most effective way of implementing a statewide hotline .

This office will work with 4 pilot pro se programs in the state , including the ILS Pilot Hotline Project , to determine best practices for pro se support , and will develop form pleadings , approved by the Supreme Court , for use throughout the state .
this office will work with 4 pilot pro se programs in the state , including the ils pilot hotline project , to [find out] best practices for pro se support , and will develop form pleadings , approved by the supreme court , for use throughout the state .

Among other resources , the Guide contains a sample letter introducing the program to the review process , a comprehensive list of items to request prior to a visit ; a simplified work form to capture information while on site ; a model work plan , a form to help determine the quality of the legal work and suggestions for conducting personal interviews .
among other resources , the guide contains a sample letter introducing the program to the review process , a comprehensive list of items to request prior to a visit ; a simplified work form to capture information while on site ; a model work plan , a form to help [find out] the quality of the legal work and suggestions for conducting personal interviews .

In her remarks she urged the judges and court administrators to ( 1 ) initiate efforts with local and state bar associations to overcome resistance to pro se activities and self-represented litigants ; ( 2 ) study selfrepresented litigants to determine how many of them would have hired ( and could have afforded ) a private attorney at the time that they were denied services by a legal services program ; and ( 3 ) promote acceptance of the practice of `` unbundling '' legal services .
in her remarks she urged the judges and court administrators to ( 1 ) initiate efforts with local and state bar associations to overcome resistance to pro se activities and self-represented litigants ; ( 2 ) study selfrepresented litigants to [find out] how many of them would have hired ( and could have afforded ) a private attorney at the time that they were denied services by a legal services program ; and ( 3 ) promote acceptance of the practice of `` unbundling '' legal services .

If the food is used for culturing , its suitability should be determined using a short-term chronic test which will determine the effect of food quality on growth or reproduction of each of the relevant test species in culture , using four replicates with each food source .
if the food is used for culturing , its suitability should be determined using a short-term chronic test which will [find out] the effect of food quality on growth or reproduction of each of the relevant test species in culture , using four replicates with each food source .

In this technique , a running plot is maintained for the toxicity values ( Xi ) from successive tests with a given reference toxicant ( Figure 1 ) , and endpoints ( LC50s ) are examined to determine if they are within prescribed limits .
in this technique , a running plot is maintained for the toxicity values ( xi ) from successive tests with a given reference toxicant ( figure 1 ) , and endpoints ( lc50s ) are examined to [find out] if they are within prescribed limits .

The temperature of the water in the shipping containers should be measured on arrival , to determine if the organisms were subjected to obvious undue thermal stress .
the temperature of the water in the shipping containers should be measured on arrival , to [find out] if the organisms were subjected to obvious undue thermal stress .

If the food is used for culturing , its suitability should be determined using a short-term chronic test which will determine the affect of food quality on growth or reproduction of each of the relevant test species in culture , using four replicates with each food source .
if the food is used for culturing , its suitability should be determined using a short-term chronic test which will [find out] the affect of food quality on growth or reproduction of each of the relevant test species in culture , using four replicates with each food source .

Conditions for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to determine toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a desire to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , additional sampling points may be chosen .
conditions for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to [find out] toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a desire to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , additional sampling points may be chosen .

This value is used , along with other factors , to determine toxicity limits in permits .
this value is used , along with other factors , to [find out] toxicity limits in permits .

In this instance , the biologist must determine some amount of adverse effect that is deemed to be `` safe , '' in the sense that from a practical biological viewpoint it will not affect the normal propagation of fish and other aquatic life in receiving waters .
in this instance , the biologist must [find out] some amount of adverse effect that is deemed to be `` safe , '' in the sense that from a practical biological viewpoint it will not affect the normal propagation of fish and other aquatic life in receiving waters .

Alternative point estimations approaches most probably would require the services of a statistician to determine the appropriateness of the model ( goodness of fit ) , higher order linear or nonlinear models , confidence intervals for estimates generated by inverse regression , etc .
alternative point estimations approaches most probably would require the services of a statistician to [find out] the appropriateness of the model ( goodness of fit ) , higher order linear or nonlinear models , confidence intervals for estimates generated by inverse regression , etc .

The level of sensitivity required by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will determine the number of replicates , and should be based on the objectives for obtaining the toxicity data .
the level of sensitivity required by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will [find out] the number of replicates , and should be based on the objectives for obtaining the toxicity data .

The procedure consists of an analysis of variance ( ANOVA ) to determine the error term , which is then used in a multiple comparison procedure for comparing each of the treatment means with the control mean , in a series of paired tests ( see Appendix C ) .
the procedure consists of an analysis of variance ( anova ) to [find out] the error term , which is then used in a multiple comparison procedure for comparing each of the treatment means with the control mean , in a series of paired tests ( see appendix c ) .

It is important to check the results of Probit Analysis to determine if use of the analysis is appropriate .
it is important to check the results of probit analysis to [find out] if use of the analysis is appropriate .

Deviations from recommended test conditions must be evaluated on a case-by-case basis to determine the validity of test results .
deviations from recommended test conditions must be evaluated on a case-by-case basis to [find out] the validity of test results .

The conduct of hypothesis testing to determine test results should follow the statistical flow charts provided for each method .
the conduct of hypothesis testing to [find out] test results should follow the statistical flow charts provided for each method .

Conditions for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to determine toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a desire to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , additional sampling points may be chosen .
conditions for exception would be : ( l ) better access to a sampling point between the final treatment and the discharge outfall ; ( 2 ) if the processed waste is chlorinated prior to discharge , it may also be desirable to take samples prior to contact with the chlorine to [find out] toxicity of the unchlorinated effluent ; or ( 3 ) in the event there is a desire to evaluate the toxicity of the influent to municipal waste treatment plants or separate wastewater streams in industrial facilities prior to their being combined with other wastewater streams or non-contact cooling water , additional sampling points may be chosen .

This value is used , along with other factors , to determine toxicity limits in permits .
this value is used , along with other factors , to [find out] toxicity limits in permits .

In this instance , the biologist must determine some amount of adverse effect that is deemed to be `` safe '' , in the sense that from a practical biological viewpoint it will not affect the normal propagation of fish and other aquatic life in receiving waters .
in this instance , the biologist must [find out] some amount of adverse effect that is deemed to be `` safe '' , in the sense that from a practical biological viewpoint it will not affect the normal propagation of fish and other aquatic life in receiving waters .

Alternative point estimation approaches most probably would require the services of a statistician to determine the appropriateness of the model ( goodness of fit ) , higher order linear or nonlinear models , confidence intervals for estimates generated by inverse regression , etc .
alternative point estimation approaches most probably would require the services of a statistician to [find out] the appropriateness of the model ( goodness of fit ) , higher order linear or nonlinear models , confidence intervals for estimates generated by inverse regression , etc .

The level of sensitivity required by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will determine the number of replicates , and should be based on the objectives for obtaining the toxicity data .
the level of sensitivity required by a hypothesis test or the confidence interval for a point estimate will [find out] the number of replicates , and should be based on the objectives for obtaining the toxicity data .

The procedure consists of an analysis of variance ( ANOVA ) to determine the error term , which is then used in a multiple comparison procedure for comparing each of the treatment means with the control mean , in a series of paired tests ( see Appendix C ) .
the procedure consists of an analysis of variance ( anova ) to [find out] the error term , which is then used in a multiple comparison procedure for comparing each of the treatment means with the control mean , in a series of paired tests ( see appendix c ) .

It is important to check the results of Probit Analysis to determine if use of the analysis is appropriate .
it is important to check the results of probit analysis to [find out] if use of the analysis is appropriate .

Deviations from recommended test conditions must be evaluated on a case-by-case basis to determine the validity of test results .
deviations from recommended test conditions must be evaluated on a case-by-case basis to [find out] the validity of test results .

The conduct of hypothesis testing to determine test results should follow the statistical flow charts provided for each method .
the conduct of hypothesis testing to [find out] test results should follow the statistical flow charts provided for each method .

The endpoints that have been considered in tests to determine the adverse effects of toxicants include death and survival , decreased reproduction and growth , locomotor activity , gill ventilation rate , heart rate , blood chemistry , histopathology , enzyme activity , olfactory function , and terata .
the endpoints that have been considered in tests to [find out] the adverse effects of toxicants include death and survival , decreased reproduction and growth , locomotor activity , gill ventilation rate , heart rate , blood chemistry , histopathology , enzyme activity , olfactory function , and terata .

If this results in the removal of all allowances from the relevant auction for three consecutive years , the Administrator must conduct and submit to the Congress a study to determine whether revisions to the relevant trading program are necessary .
if this results in the removal of all allowances from the relevant auction for three consecutive years , the administrator must conduct and submit to the congress a study to [find out] whether revisions to the relevant trading program are necessary .

This is reflected in the monitoring and reporting requirements , which provide that units sharing a common stack do not need to be separately monitored and must collect sufficient information to determine compliance .
this is reflected in the monitoring and reporting requirements , which provide that units sharing a common stack do not need to be separately monitored and must collect sufficient information to [find out] compliance .

EGU Allocations Section 424 requires the Administrator to determine individual EGU allocations , which will set on a one-time basis and therefore will remain the same each year .
egu allocations section 424 requires the administrator to [find out] individual egu allocations , which will set on a one-time basis and therefore will remain the same each year .

However , the WRAP States may unanimously petition the Administrator to determine that the total emissions of affected EGUs are reasonably projected to exceed 271,000 tons in 2018 or a later year and to make affected EGUs subject to the requirements of the new WRAP trading program .
however , the wrap states may unanimously petition the administrator to [find out] that the total emissions of affected egus are reasonably projected to exceed 271,000 tons in 2018 or a later year and to make affected egus subject to the requirements of the new wrap trading program .

In addition , as conditions for making a finding concerning affected units , the Administrator must determine that the required emissions reductions from the affected units are at least as cost-effective , and will improve air quality in the petitioners ' nonattainment areas at least as cost-effectively , as emissions reductions from each other principal category of sources in areas upwind of the petitioner .
in addition , as conditions for making a finding concerning affected units , the administrator must [find out] that the required emissions reductions from the affected units are at least as cost-effective , and will improve air quality in the petitioners ' nonattainment areas at least as cost-effectively , as emissions reductions from each other principal category of sources in areas upwind of the petitioner .

The endpoints that have been considered in tests to determine the adverse effects of toxicants include death and survival , decreased reproduction and growth , locomotor activity , gill ventilation rate , heart rate , blood chemistry , histopathology , enzyme activity , olfactory function , and terata .
the endpoints that have been considered in tests to [find out] the adverse effects of toxicants include death and survival , decreased reproduction and growth , locomotor activity , gill ventilation rate , heart rate , blood chemistry , histopathology , enzyme activity , olfactory function , and terata .

If the food is used for culturing , its suitability should be determined using a short-term chronic test which will determine the affect of food quality on growth or reproduction of each of the relevant test species in culture , using four replicates with each food source .
if the food is used for culturing , its suitability should be determined using a short-term chronic test which will [find out] the affect of food quality on growth or reproduction of each of the relevant test species in culture , using four replicates with each food source .

The Academy 's report also tells us that there are many unanswered questions about climate change , which makes it difficult to determine what levels of greenhouse gas emissions need to be avoided .
the academy 's report also tells us that there are many unanswered questions about climate change , which makes it difficult to [find out] what levels of greenhouse gas emissions need to be avoided .

The VSL approach applies information from several published value-of-life studies , which themselves examine tradeoffs of monetary compensation for small additional mortality risks , to determine a reasonable benefit of preventing premature mortality .
the vsl approach applies information from several published value-of-life studies , which themselves examine tradeoffs of monetary compensation for small additional mortality risks , to [find out] a reasonable benefit of preventing premature mortality .

The Administrator shall determine this amount in accordance with 40 CFR part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator , except that the Administrator shall discount all sulfur dioxide allowances allocated for 2011 or later at a rate of 7 % per year .
the administrator shall [find out] this amount in accordance with 40 cfr part 73 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the administrator , except that the administrator shall discount all sulfur dioxide allowances allocated for 2011 or later at a rate of 7 % per year .

The 33 regulations shall determine the allocation for such units for each year by multiplying the allocation 34 amount under section 453 ( a ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the 35 facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected EGUs in the Zone 1 States .
the 33 regulations shall [find out] the allocation for such units for each year by multiplying the allocation 34 amount under section 453 ( a ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the 35 facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected egus in the zone 1 states .

The regulations shall determine the allocation for such units for each year by multiplying the allocation amount under section 453 ( b ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected EGUs in the Zone 2 States .
the regulations shall [find out] the allocation for such units for each year by multiplying the allocation amount under section 453 ( b ) by the ratio of the total amount of baseline heat input of such units at the facility to the total amount of baseline heat input of all affected egus in the zone 2 states .

No later than June 30 , 2016 , EPA shall determine whether each area designated as transitional for the 8-hour ozone standard or for the fine particles standard has attained that standard .
no later than june 30 , 2016 , epa shall [find out] whether each area designated as transitional for the 8-hour ozone standard or for the fine particles standard has attained that standard .

The U.S. cost elasticities in Table 1 , when applied to the accrued costs of each function , determine the coefficients in the cost function , which in turn generate the unique shape of the unit cost function ( Figure 1 ) .
the u.s. cost elasticities in table 1 , when applied to the accrued costs of each function , [find out] the coefficients in the cost function , which in turn generate the unique shape of the unit cost function ( figure 1 ) .

Further , these coefficients determine the percent of total cost that comes from mail processing and delivery at a specific volume per capita .
further , these coefficients [find out] the percent of total cost that comes from mail processing and delivery at a specific volume per capita .

Regulators and operators in any industrialized country are encouraged to use the data in the appendix on U.S. cost characteristics to make adjustments to the model and determine if the model forecasts costs with reasonable accuracy .
regulators and operators in any industrialized country are encouraged to use the data in the appendix on u.s. cost characteristics to make adjustments to the model and [find out] if the model forecasts costs with reasonable accuracy .

To this end , we develop a model to determine the USO burden for posts with different per capita volumes .
to this end , we develop a model to [find out] the uso burden for posts with different per capita volumes .

In order to isolate the effect of density on time per box , the elasticity of time per box with respect to density has been calculated using the route evaluation factors ( which are used to determine rural carrier pay ) .
in order to isolate the effect of density on time per box , the elasticity of time per box with respect to density has been calculated using the route evaluation factors ( which are used to [find out] rural carrier pay ) .

A revenue/cost model of rural delivery has been constructed to determine the profitability23,24 of rural delivery by quintile .
a revenue/cost model of rural delivery has been constructed to [find out] the profitability23,24 of rural delivery by quintile .

Carrier Cost System ( CCS ) data are used to allocate total possible deliveries among different route types and to determine the average pieces per possible delivery for different delivery and route types on letter routes .
carrier cost system ( ccs ) data are used to allocate total possible deliveries among different route types and to [find out] the average pieces per possible delivery for different delivery and route types on letter routes .

The CCS is used in rate cases to determine attributable costs and associated distribution keys for certain city carrier activities .
the ccs is used in rate cases to [find out] attributable costs and associated distribution keys for certain city carrier activities .

This model is used in the cost accounting system to determine costs by products .
this model is used in the cost accounting system to [find out] costs by products .

For example , the Commission approved a two-year experiment of a program that enabled users of bulk , nonletter-size Business Reply Mail such as photofinishers that could reliably determine postage and fees due , to obtain earlier access to their mail at revised fees.15 The Commission subsequently granted a requested extension of the experiment,16 and ultimately approved a request to make the experimental program a permanent mail classification.17 More recently , in Docket No .
for example , the commission approved a two-year experiment of a program that enabled users of bulk , nonletter-size business reply mail such as photofinishers that could reliably [find out] postage and fees due , to obtain earlier access to their mail at revised fees.15 the commission subsequently granted a requested extension of the experiment,16 and ultimately approved a request to make the experimental program a permanent mail classification.17 more recently , in docket no .

Next , we determine the total cost of delivery performed by the incumbent and a second firm that is assumed to be equally efficient .
next , we [find out] the total cost of delivery performed by the incumbent and a second firm that is assumed to be equally efficient .

Scale Economies for the U.S. We measure the returns to scale in the U.S. postal delivery function by first determining the total cost of delivery provided by the Postal Service : SCm = RCm + ECm + fm * ACm + vm * ACm ( 2 ) where , SCm = street delivery cost RCm = route time cost ECm = elemental load cost ACm = access cost ( also includes coverage-related load cost ) vm = variable portion of access cost = ( ( e -b*PPS * ( b * PPS ) / ( 1 - e -b*PPS ) ) ) fm = fixed portion of access cost = ( 1 - vm ) m = designates the monopoly case For the year 1993 , street delivery cost totaled about $ 10.07 billion : SCm = RCm + ECm + fm * ACm + vm * ACm ( 2 ) = 2.95 + 1.91 + 0.8 ( 5.20 ) + 0.2 ( 5.20 ) = 10.07 Next , we determine the total cost of delivery performed by the Postal Service and a second firm that we assume to be equally efficient .
scale economies for the u.s. we measure the returns to scale in the u.s. postal delivery function by first determining the total cost of delivery provided by the postal service : scm = rcm + ecm + fm * acm + vm * acm ( 2 ) where , scm = street delivery cost rcm = route time cost ecm = elemental load cost acm = access cost ( also includes coverage-related load cost ) vm = variable portion of access cost = ( ( e -b*pps * ( b * pps ) / ( 1 - e -b*pps ) ) ) fm = fixed portion of access cost = ( 1 - vm ) m = designates the monopoly case for the year 1993 , street delivery cost totaled about $ 10.07 billion : scm = rcm + ecm + fm * acm + vm * acm ( 2 ) = 2.95 + 1.91 + 0.8 ( 5.20 ) + 0.2 ( 5.20 ) = 10.07 next , we [find out] the total cost of delivery performed by the postal service and a second firm that we assume to be equally efficient .

If City Mail finally succeeds in avoiding bankruptcy , such a study might determine the reasons why Sweden Post was vulnerable to cream skimming .
if city mail finally succeeds in avoiding bankruptcy , such a study might [find out] the reasons why sweden post was vulnerable to cream skimming .

The specifics of the mission were harder to determine , as they had almost no information about the situation 80 or more stories above them .
the specifics of the mission were harder to [find out] , as they had almost no information about the situation 80 or more stories above them .

Despite two years of investigation , the FBI was unable to find the co-worker or determine his true identity .
despite two years of investigation , the fbi was unable to find the co-worker or [find out] his true identity .

There would have been no easy means , however , to determine the existence of these accounts , and obtaining bank cooperation pre-9/11 might have been problematic .
there would have been no easy means , however , to [find out] the existence of these accounts , and obtaining bank cooperation pre-9/11 might have been problematic .

Because NSA decided it was administratively too difficult to determine whether particular reports derived from the specific surveillances authorized by the attorney general , NSA decided to place this caveat on all its terrorism-related reports .
because nsa decided it was administratively too difficult to [find out] whether particular reports derived from the specific surveillances authorized by the attorney general , nsa decided to place this caveat on all its terrorism-related reports .

Belger in turn would determine whether the information needed to be raised with Administrator Garvey .
belger in turn would [find out] whether the information needed to be raised with administrator garvey .

After 9/11 , the U.S. government checked again with the foreign government to determine if there could be any connection between the attacks and these 1998-1999 reports .
after 9/11 , the u.s. government checked again with the foreign government to [find out] if there could be any connection between the attacks and these 1998-1999 reports .

The new division was supposed to identify trends in terrorist activity , determine what the FBI did not know , and ultimately drive collection efforts .
the new division was supposed to identify trends in terrorist activity , [find out] what the fbi did not know , and ultimately drive collection efforts .

Attendees were expected to determine whether their respective agencies needed enhanced security measures .
attendees were expected to [find out] whether their respective agencies needed enhanced security measures .

He did not task field offices to try to determine whether any plots were being considered within the United States or to take any action to disrupt any such plots .
he did not task field offices to try to [find out] whether any plots were being considered within the united states or to take any action to disrupt any such plots .

Despite the U.S. links evident in this traffic , '' John '' made no effort to determine whether any of these individuals was in the United States .
despite the u.s. links evident in this traffic , '' john '' made no effort to [find out] whether any of these individuals was in the united states .

The suggested goal of the investigation was to locate Mihdhar , determine his contacts and reasons for being in the United States , and possibly conduct an interview .
the suggested goal of the investigation was to locate mihdhar , [find out] his contacts and reasons for being in the united states , and possibly conduct an interview .

Rice said that when President Bush called her on Sunday , September 16 , he said the focus would be on Afghanistan , although he still wanted plans for Iraq should the country take some action or the administration eventually determine that it had been involved in the 9/11 attacks .
rice said that when president bush called her on sunday , september 16 , he said the focus would be on afghanistan , although he still wanted plans for iraq should the country take some action or the administration eventually [find out] that it had been involved in the 9/11 attacks .

If knowledge of further details becomes important , any user can query further , with access granted or denied according to the rules set for the network-and with queries leaving an audit trail in order to determine who accessed the information .
if knowledge of further details becomes important , any user can query further , with access granted or denied according to the rules set for the network-and with queries leaving an audit trail in order to [find out] who accessed the information .

Recommendation : The Department of Homeland Security and its oversight committees should regularly assess the types of threats the country faces to determine ( a ) the adequacy of the government 's plans-and the progress against those plans-to protect America 's critical infrastructure and ( b ) the readiness of the government to respond to the threats that the United States might face .
recommendation : the department of homeland security and its oversight committees should regularly assess the types of threats the country faces to [find out] ( a ) the adequacy of the government 's plans-and the progress against those plans-to protect america 's critical infrastructure and ( b ) the readiness of the government to respond to the threats that the united states might face .

Khallad adds that the training involved using flight simulator computer games , viewing movies that featured hijackings , and reading flight schedules to determine which flights would be in the air at the same time in different parts of the world .
khallad adds that the training involved using flight simulator computer games , viewing movies that featured hijackings , and reading flight schedules to [find out] which flights would be in the air at the same time in different parts of the world .

To date , the U.S. government has not been able to determine the origin of the money used for the 9/11 attacks .
to date , the u.s. government has not been able to [find out] the origin of the money used for the 9/11 attacks .

As best we can determine , neither in 2000 nor in the first eight months of 2001 did any polling organization in the United States think the subject of terrorism sufficiently on the minds of the public to warrant asking a question about it in a major national survey .
as best we can [find out] , neither in 2000 nor in the first eight months of 2001 did any polling organization in the united states think the subject of terrorism sufficiently on the minds of the public to warrant asking a question about it in a major national survey .

The United States and Saudi Arabia must determine if they can build a relationship that political leaders on both sides are prepared to publicly defend-a relationship about more than oil .
the united states and saudi arabia must [find out] if they can build a relationship that political leaders on both sides are prepared to publicly defend-a relationship about more than oil .

Woodward asked Sweeney to look out the window to see if she could determine where they were .
woodward asked sweeney to look out the window to see if she could [find out] where they were .

At 9:30 , the controller began to poll the other flights on his frequency to determine if they had heard the screaming ; several said they had .
at 9:30 , the controller began to poll the other flights on his frequency to [find out] if they had heard the screaming ; several said they had .

Staff was in contact with the White House Situation Room , but as far as we could determine , no one with the President was in contact with the Pentagon .
staff was in contact with the white house situation room , but as far as we could [find out] , no one with the president was in contact with the pentagon .

They are made by the stepwise building of long carbon chains , two atoms at a time , by multifunctional enzymes that determine the chain length , oxidation state , and pattern of branching , cyclisation , and stereochemistry of the molecules in a combinatorial fashion to produce an enormous variety of structures .
they are made by the stepwise building of long carbon chains , two atoms at a time , by multifunctional enzymes that [find out] the chain length , oxidation state , and pattern of branching , cyclisation , and stereochemistry of the molecules in a combinatorial fashion to produce an enormous variety of structures .

Subjects were asked to determine whether or not a probe digit had been present in a just previously presented series of digits .
subjects were asked to [find out] whether or not a probe digit had been present in a just previously presented series of digits .

With this simple framework , it was now possible to determine at which stage ( s ) a new factor ( e.g. , nicotine , sleep deprivation , or Parkinson 's disease ) had its influence .
with this simple framework , it was now possible to [find out] at which stage ( s ) a new factor ( e.g. , nicotine , sleep deprivation , or parkinson 's disease ) had its influence .

For example , using a magnetic pulse delivered outside the skull , it is now possible to induce a reversible lesion at the time of a particular computation to determine whether the specific computation assigned to a given area is truly needed to carry out the task .
for example , using a magnetic pulse delivered outside the skull , it is now possible to induce a reversible lesion at the time of a particular computation to [find out] whether the specific computation assigned to a given area is truly needed to carry out the task .

The subjects ' task was to determine , by trial and error , which of two stimuli was the more profitable to choose and to keep track of this , reversing their choice when a reversal occurred .
the subjects ' task was to [find out] , by trial and error , which of two stimuli was the more profitable to choose and to keep track of this , reversing their choice when a reversal occurred .

By design , the actual reversal event was not easy to determine , since ‘ money ’ could be won or lost on both stimuli , but a choice of the rewarding stimulus would in general give larger rewards and smaller punishments .
by design , the actual reversal event was not easy to [find out] , since ‘ money ’ could be won or lost on both stimuli , but a choice of the rewarding stimulus would in general give larger rewards and smaller punishments .

By using two different reversal tasks in which different facial expressions signalled that behaviour must change , we were able to determine which brain areas were specific to general reversal learning , rather than just to reversal following a particular expression , such as anger .
by using two different reversal tasks in which different facial expressions signalled that behaviour must change , we were able to [find out] which brain areas were specific to general reversal learning , rather than just to reversal following a particular expression , such as anger .

Along this line , extension of this work to other shed proteins will be important to determine the impact of enhanced shedding via ADAM proteinases on other substrates of those proteinases , including Notch , pro-TGFα , pro-TNFα , and CD44 [ 3 ] .
along this line , extension of this work to other shed proteins will be important to [find out] the impact of enhanced shedding via adam proteinases on other substrates of those proteinases , including notch , pro-tgfα , pro-tnfα , and cd44 [ 3 ] .

Two-tailed t tests were conducted to determine statistical significance .
two-tailed t tests were conducted to [find out] statistical significance .

Two-tailed t tests were conducted to determine statistical significance .
two-tailed t tests were conducted to [find out] statistical significance .

Thus , the sequence of gene expression accompanying formation of IPCs from NSs was similar but not identical to that described for differentiating pancreatic β-cells , and further molecular studies are required to determine the degree of endoderm-like differentiation of cells in IPCs .
thus , the sequence of gene expression accompanying formation of ipcs from nss was similar but not identical to that described for differentiating pancreatic β-cells , and further molecular studies are required to [find out] the degree of endoderm-like differentiation of cells in ipcs .

However , the composition of IPCs was distinct from that of pancreatic islets , and further studies are required to determine the basis for this difference .
however , the composition of ipcs was distinct from that of pancreatic islets , and further studies are required to [find out] the basis for this difference .

Plant growth and development involves the integration of many environmental and endogenous signals that , together with the intrinsic genetic program , determine plant form .
plant growth and development involves the integration of many environmental and endogenous signals that , together with the intrinsic genetic program , [find out] plant form .

However , the authors warned that the high percentage of HCoV-NL63-positive samples could be due to a strong viral activity in the study year , and long-term studies are needed to determine whether HCoV-NL63 infections occur in cycles peaking every two to three years , as observed for other respiratory viruses .
however , the authors warned that the high percentage of hcov-nl63-positive samples could be due to a strong viral activity in the study year , and long-term studies are needed to [find out] whether hcov-nl63 infections occur in cycles peaking every two to three years , as observed for other respiratory viruses .

In contrast to the classical view , neural induction is not exclusively promoted by organizer-derived signals , in that earlier signals and intrinsic processes that determine ectodermal competence are prominently involved .
in contrast to the classical view , neural induction is not exclusively promoted by organizer-derived signals , in that earlier signals and intrinsic processes that [find out] ectodermal competence are prominently involved .

For those ( few ) reviews that are currently posted on Drugs @ FDA , one can determine the indication being evaluated only after opening the document and paging through it .
for those ( few ) reviews that are currently posted on drugs @ fda , one can [find out] the indication being evaluated only after opening the document and paging through it .

To underestimate the power of science to define our social agenda is to lose an opportunity to determine our future course .
to underestimate the power of science to define our social agenda is to lose an opportunity to [find out] our future course .

Although the key forces driving evolution are usually thought of as mutation , genetic drift , natural selection , and divergence , the developmental pathways from genes to phenotypes , along with associated developmental constraints , can also determine the rate and direction of evolution .
although the key forces driving evolution are usually thought of as mutation , genetic drift , natural selection , and divergence , the developmental pathways from genes to phenotypes , along with associated developmental constraints , can also [find out] the rate and direction of evolution .

We do not currently understand all of the features that determine the reactivity of a particular thiol to H 2 O 2 ( Poole et al .
we do not currently understand all of the features that [find out] the reactivity of a particular thiol to h 2 o 2 ( poole et al .

Given that many of the thiol modifications do not appear to be in equilibrium with the redox state of the cell , the features of the protein that determine the rate at which the modifications are formed are another important parameter .
given that many of the thiol modifications do not appear to be in equilibrium with the redox state of the cell , the features of the protein that [find out] the rate at which the modifications are formed are another important parameter .

Specifically , we determine the optimal allocation strategy that would ensure that each individual with HIV has an equal chance of receiving ARVs .
specifically , we [find out] the optimal allocation strategy that would ensure that each individual with hiv has an equal chance of receiving arvs .

We present a novel spatial mathematical model of treatment accessibility that we use in conjunction with an equity objective function to determine an optimal equitable allocation strategy ( OEAS ) for ARVs in a resource-constrained region .
we present a novel spatial mathematical model of treatment accessibility that we use in conjunction with an equity objective function to [find out] an optimal equitable allocation strategy ( oeas ) for arvs in a resource-constrained region .

Specifically , we use data from the detailed ARV rollout plan designed by the government of South Africa to determine an OEAS ( based upon a variety of assumptions ) for the province of KwaZulu–Natal .
specifically , we use data from the detailed arv rollout plan designed by the government of south africa to [find out] an oeas ( based upon a variety of assumptions ) for the province of kwazulu–natal .

We have developed a novel spatial mathematical model of treatment accessibility that we use to determine an OEAS for ARVs in a resource-constrained region .
we have developed a novel spatial mathematical model of treatment accessibility that we use to [find out] an oeas for arvs in a resource-constrained region .

To apply our theoretical framework to KwaZulu–Natal we model the specific location of the 17 HCFs and the 51 communities of 500 or more individuals ( see Figure 1 ) ; for these conditions we determine an OEAS .
to apply our theoretical framework to kwazulu–natal we model the specific location of the 17 hcfs and the 51 communities of 500 or more individuals ( see figure 1 ) ; for these conditions we [find out] an oeas .

Our model is conceptually similar to the “ gravity ” models that have been used to predict retail travel [ 18 ] , plan land use [ 19 ] , and determine accessibility of primary care [ 20 ] .
our model is conceptually similar to the “ gravity ” models that have been used to predict retail travel [ 18 ] , plan land use [ 19 ] , and [find out] accessibility of primary care [ 20 ] .

Modeling the Distribution of Treatment To determine how many ARVs should be allocated to each HCF , we first calculate how a given supply of ARVs will be distributed from each HCF to the surrounding communities in the catchment region .
modeling the distribution of treatment to [find out] how many arvs should be allocated to each hcf , we first calculate how a given supply of arvs will be distributed from each hcf to the surrounding communities in the catchment region .

Hence , the total number of people with HIV treated in community i , T i , summing over all n HCFs is The Equity Objective Function We establish an equity objective function to determine the optimal equitable allocation of ARVs to each HCF so that all individuals with HIV have an equal chance of receiving treatment .
hence , the total number of people with hiv treated in community i , t i , summing over all n hcfs is the equity objective function we establish an equity objective function to [find out] the optimal equitable allocation of arvs to each hcf so that all individuals with hiv have an equal chance of receiving treatment .

To solve the problem , and determine the OEAS , we used successive linear programming operations research techniques [ 21 ] .
to solve the problem , and [find out] the oeas , we used successive linear programming operations research techniques [ 21 ] .

Future research is necessary to compare ARV allocation strategies based upon the principle of efficiency ( i.e. , allocating ARVs to maximize epidemic reduction ) in order to determine whether utilizing different principles for optimization would result in similar ( or different ) allocation strategies .
future research is necessary to compare arv allocation strategies based upon the principle of efficiency ( i.e. , allocating arvs to maximize epidemic reduction ) in order to [find out] whether utilizing different principles for optimization would result in similar ( or different ) allocation strategies .

Government decisions on ARV allocation have potentially socially destabilizing ramifications because essentially the decisions determine who lives and who dies .
government decisions on arv allocation have potentially socially destabilizing ramifications because essentially the decisions [find out] who lives and who dies .

Our model can be used by policy makers to determine an optimal scientifically based allocation strategy , based upon the specific objective function .
our model can be used by policy makers to [find out] an optimal scientifically based allocation strategy , based upon the specific objective function .

We suggest that our novel approach could be used to determine optimal equitable allocation strategies for many other resource-constrained countries that are just beginning to receive ARVs [ 31 ] .
we suggest that our novel approach could be used to [find out] optimal equitable allocation strategies for many other resource-constrained countries that are just beginning to receive arvs [ 31 ] .

Forty percent of health-care professionals reported that it is possible to determine a person 's HIV status by looking at him or her , and 21 % agreed that they could refuse to treat a patient with HIV/AIDS to protect themselves and their family .
forty percent of health-care professionals reported that it is possible to [find out] a person 's hiv status by looking at him or her , and 21 % agreed that they could refuse to treat a patient with hiv/aids to protect themselves and their family .

If anything is clear about human nature , it is that this is not an accurate view of who we have been or what we are now , or a view that should determine what we become .
if anything is clear about human nature , it is that this is not an accurate view of who we have been or what we are now , or a view that should [find out] what we become .

The next step was to do a randomized controlled trial in Gambia to determine whether this vaccination strategy could provide protection against natural Plasmodium falciparum infection .
the next step was to do a randomized controlled trial in gambia to [find out] whether this vaccination strategy could provide protection against natural plasmodium falciparum infection .

It is the frequency of reinforcement among incidences of secondary contact that will determine its importance in the near future .
it is the frequency of reinforcement among incidences of secondary contact that will [find out] its importance in the near future .

To determine when and where this approach is applicable , we now need to discover the boundary conditions .
to [find out] when and where this approach is applicable , we now need to discover the boundary conditions .

Researchers are working to determine the minimum incubation time of CWD before clinical signs appear , now roughly estimated at 15 months in deer and 12—34 months in elk .
researchers are working to [find out] the minimum incubation time of cwd before clinical signs appear , now roughly estimated at 15 months in deer and 12—34 months in elk .

Colorado State 's Salman argues that current surveillance is primarily a series of reactions to reported cases , rather than a systematic strategy designed to determine where and at what prevalence the disease exists and where it 's absent .
colorado state 's salman argues that current surveillance is primarily a series of reactions to reported cases , rather than a systematic strategy designed to [find out] where and at what prevalence the disease exists and where it 's absent .

He has begun a five-year project to characterize interactions between infectious prions and soil particles and determine the extent to which infectivity is retained .
he has begun a five-year project to characterize interactions between infectious prions and soil particles and [find out] the extent to which infectivity is retained .

Eighteen patients per group resulted in sufficient power ( 18 for 90 % , 13 for 80 % ) to determine a difference of 4 wk or greater between groups in time to rebound of virus during the open-ended interruption .
eighteen patients per group resulted in sufficient power ( 18 for 90 % , 13 for 80 % ) to [find out] a difference of 4 wk or greater between groups in time to rebound of virus during the open-ended interruption .

This is the future , if we want to determine whether such an intriguing ménage à trois as proposed by Cordes et al .
this is the future , if we want to [find out] whether such an intriguing ménage à trois as proposed by cordes et al .

To date , less than 1 % of the ocean 's area is protected , which hinders the ability to conclusively determine if spillover rates have the predicted impact on fishery 's recovery .
to date , less than 1 % of the ocean 's area is protected , which hinders the ability to conclusively [find out] if spillover rates have the predicted impact on fishery 's recovery .

These structures determine cell shape and also produce the driving force accompanying many types of cellular movements including muscle contraction and cell division .
these structures [find out] cell shape and also produce the driving force accompanying many types of cellular movements including muscle contraction and cell division .

While dysfunctional face recognition may be one of the more devastating symptoms for caregivers , it is also one of the most promising avenues for research to determine how autistic brains process their world differently .
while dysfunctional face recognition may be one of the more devastating symptoms for caregivers , it is also one of the most promising avenues for research to [find out] how autistic brains process their world differently .

Once he finds genes expressed in neurons within regions of the amgydala implicated in fear , he plans to determine neuron function by creating transgenic animals in which specific neuron activity has been silenced .
once he finds genes expressed in neurons within regions of the amgydala implicated in fear , he plans to [find out] neuron function by creating transgenic animals in which specific neuron activity has been silenced .

The initial release consists of an image viewer to view the in situ hybridization data for one or several genes at a time , along with a reference atlas to determine the structures in which genes are expressed .
the initial release consists of an image viewer to view the in situ hybridization data for one or several genes at a time , along with a reference atlas to [find out] the structures in which genes are expressed .

He says it 's very difficult to determine how human interventions in various habitats can foster the coexistence of species that have different fire regime requirements .
he says it 's very difficult to [find out] how human interventions in various habitats can foster the coexistence of species that have different fire regime requirements .

Alvarado and colleagues light experimental fires in clear-cuts to determine factors limiting ignition and spread .
alvarado and colleagues light experimental fires in clear-cuts to [find out] factors limiting ignition and spread .

This entails a complex effort to determine which parts of developed and undeveloped lands are most necessary to such processes , including rivers , sand movement corridors , gradients from uplands to coastal lowlands , and major wilderness areas .
this entails a complex effort to [find out] which parts of developed and undeveloped lands are most necessary to such processes , including rivers , sand movement corridors , gradients from uplands to coastal lowlands , and major wilderness areas .

We sought to determine whether KRAS mutations could also be used to predict primary sensitivity or resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib .
we sought to [find out] whether kras mutations could also be used to predict primary sensitivity or resistance to gefitinib or erlotinib .

These studies aim to test the feasibility and safety of different types of calorie restricted diets in non-obese people and to determine the effects of CR on risk factors for age-related diseases , psychological factors , immune function , oxidative stress , and molecular pathways identified in lower species [ 17 ] .
these studies aim to test the feasibility and safety of different types of calorie restricted diets in non-obese people and to [find out] the effects of cr on risk factors for age-related diseases , psychological factors , immune function , oxidative stress , and molecular pathways identified in lower species [ 17 ] .

Initial Proposal The initial proposal is directed at deciphering the role of the “ hypothetical proteins ” encoded in the microbial genomes and would involve a community-wide approach to determine the function of these hypotheticals based on solid , old-fashioned biochemistry .
initial proposal the initial proposal is directed at deciphering the role of the “ hypothetical proteins ” encoded in the microbial genomes and would involve a community-wide approach to [find out] the function of these hypotheticals based on solid , old-fashioned biochemistry .

Several studies have focused on the “ prospective risk of fetal death ” to help determine by which gestational age a multiple pregnancy should be delivered [ 7,8 ] .
several studies have focused on the “ prospective risk of fetal death ” to help [find out] by which gestational age a multiple pregnancy should be delivered [ 7,8 ] .

Using the genes that were selected in the initial filter , we performed a statistical analysis on the expression levels to determine whether the genes were expressed significantly differently in the two cell types .
using the genes that were selected in the initial filter , we performed a statistical analysis on the expression levels to [find out] whether the genes were expressed significantly differently in the two cell types .

Several studies then sought to determine whether elevated homocysteine levels were a cause or effect of cardiovascular disease , and evidence for a causal relationship is accumulating .
several studies then sought to [find out] whether elevated homocysteine levels were a cause or effect of cardiovascular disease , and evidence for a causal relationship is accumulating .

In the meantime , our group is trying to determine the risks and benefits associated with different homocysteine-lowering nutrients , ” said Margreet Olthof .
in the meantime , our group is trying to [find out] the risks and benefits associated with different homocysteine-lowering nutrients , ” said margreet olthof .

Specifically we set out to ( a ) determine whether unique magnetic parameters existed and could be used for semiautomated image analysis and ( b ) whether the technique could be applied to different primary cancers .
specifically we set out to ( a ) [find out] whether unique magnetic parameters existed and could be used for semiautomated image analysis and ( b ) whether the technique could be applied to different primary cancers .

To determine the diagnostic accuracy of the different tissue parameters in the learning dataset , we determined sensitivity , specificity , and predictive values for each parameter alone and in combination ( Table 3 ) .
to [find out] the diagnostic accuracy of the different tissue parameters in the learning dataset , we determined sensitivity , specificity , and predictive values for each parameter alone and in combination ( table 3 ) .

Test Dataset To determine whether feature extraction would be accurate for prospective nodal staging , we utilized the above criteria against a larger test dataset encompassing 216 validated lymph nodes from 34 patients , including different primaries ( see Table 1 ) .
test dataset to [find out] whether feature extraction would be accurate for prospective nodal staging , we utilized the above criteria against a larger test dataset encompassing 216 validated lymph nodes from 34 patients , including different primaries ( see table 1 ) .

Larger randomized trials will be needed to determine the potential clinical and virologic benefit of approaches based on STIs .
larger randomized trials will be needed to [find out] the potential clinical and virologic benefit of approaches based on stis .

Using sophisticated methodology to determine total body water and extracellular water , they demonstrate a 6.7 % deficit in total body water and an 11.7 % deficit of intracellular water , providing an important indication of the volumes of fluid that may be required to optimize hydration .
using sophisticated methodology to [find out] total body water and extracellular water , they demonstrate a 6.7 % deficit in total body water and an 11.7 % deficit of intracellular water , providing an important indication of the volumes of fluid that may be required to optimize hydration .

An important goal has been to determine the functions of individual family members .
an important goal has been to [find out] the functions of individual family members .

Two-step real-time reverse transcription PCR was used to determine the relative expression of mRNA using the ABI Perkin Elmer Prism 5700 Sequence Detection System ( Applied Biosystems , Foster City , California , United States ) as described previously [ 38 ] .
two-step real-time reverse transcription pcr was used to [find out] the relative expression of mrna using the abi perkin elmer prism 5700 sequence detection system ( applied biosystems , foster city , california , united states ) as described previously [ 38 ] .

Our use of T cell chemokine receptor expression analysis to determine recruitment of lung T cells is not without precedent .
our use of t cell chemokine receptor expression analysis to [find out] recruitment of lung t cells is not without precedent .

During the 1970s and 1980s , it was popular to determine the muscle fiber composition of athletes from different sports events .
during the 1970s and 1980s , it was popular to [find out] the muscle fiber composition of athletes from different sports events .

However , fiber type alone did not determine the performances of the elite athletes .
however , fiber type alone did not [find out] the performances of the elite athletes .

Indeed , while an athlete 's muscle fiber type is an important morphological component and is related to several contractile and metabolic properties ( see Table 1 ) , other physiological factors ( e.g. , VO 2max , maximal cardiac output , and speed/power output at the lactate threshold ) are more likely to determine the upper limits of endurance capacity ( Coyle 1995 ; Hawley and Stepto 2001 ) .
indeed , while an athlete 's muscle fiber type is an important morphological component and is related to several contractile and metabolic properties ( see table 1 ) , other physiological factors ( e.g. , vo 2max , maximal cardiac output , and speed/power output at the lactate threshold ) are more likely to [find out] the upper limits of endurance capacity ( coyle 1995 ; hawley and stepto 2001 ) .

By delivering a consistent volume of blood to the flow chamber ( 16.5 Î¼l of stained whole blood , diluted to a total volume of 500 Î¼l of PBS ) , and calculating the unit volume of blood per digital image ( 0.18 Î¼l ) , we were able to count the total number of CD4 + CD3 + cells in 0.9 Î¼l of blood , and determine the absolute CD4 count per microliter .
by delivering a consistent volume of blood to the flow chamber ( 16.5 î¼l of stained whole blood , diluted to a total volume of 500 î¼l of pbs ) , and calculating the unit volume of blood per digital image ( 0.18 î¼l ) , we were able to count the total number of cd4 + cd3 + cells in 0.9 î¼l of blood , and [find out] the absolute cd4 count per microliter .

To determine assay variability , we examined 20 replicate samples of blood from a single participant over the course of one day , using the established basic protocol .
to [find out] assay variability , we examined 20 replicate samples of blood from a single participant over the course of one day , using the established basic protocol .

Furthermore , there is little evidence for the efficacy of drugs for specific sets of symptoms and no simple way to determine which pain mechanisms might be operating in an individual patient .
furthermore , there is little evidence for the efficacy of drugs for specific sets of symptoms and no simple way to [find out] which pain mechanisms might be operating in an individual patient .

The method , Fischetti reports , is already successful in mice ; clinical trials will determine how long treatment must be continued , perhaps a week or so .
the method , fischetti reports , is already successful in mice ; clinical trials will [find out] how long treatment must be continued , perhaps a week or so .

By “ knocking down ” a gene with RNAi and determining how a cell responds , a researcher can , in the course of only a few days , develop significant insight into the function of the gene and determine whether reducing its expression is likely to be therapeutically useful .
by “ knocking down ” a gene with rnai and determining how a cell responds , a researcher can , in the course of only a few days , develop significant insight into the function of the gene and [find out] whether reducing its expression is likely to be therapeutically useful .

Multiple clones were analyzed to determine dominating populations .
multiple clones were analyzed to [find out] dominating populations .

To determine the effectiveness of tumor lysis by the different TAA-specific T cell clones that were propagated , clones were analyzed for their ability to lyse melanoma cell lines mel526 and Malme-3M .
to [find out] the effectiveness of tumor lysis by the different taa-specific t cell clones that were propagated , clones were analyzed for their ability to lyse melanoma cell lines mel526 and malme-3m .

Data Analysis To establish the analytic cohort , we identified twin pairs for whom we could determine both that they had lived together until at least age 14 and their joint socioeconomic trajectory ( n = 308 pairs ) .
data analysis to establish the analytic cohort , we identified twin pairs for whom we could [find out] both that they had lived together until at least age 14 and their joint socioeconomic trajectory ( n = 308 pairs ) .

Third , for continuous outcomes , we calculated ( a ) the mean matched difference for twin pairs discordant on adult socioeconomic position , setting the twin with the most socioeconomic resources as the baseline , so as to determine both the magnitude and direction of differences in the outcomes among these pairs , and ( b ) the mean matched absolute difference for twin pairs in each socioeconomic stratum , to ascertain the variability of outcomes among the twin pairs both discordant and concordant on adult socioeconomic position .
third , for continuous outcomes , we calculated ( a ) the mean matched difference for twin pairs discordant on adult socioeconomic position , setting the twin with the most socioeconomic resources as the baseline , so as to [find out] both the magnitude and direction of differences in the outcomes among these pairs , and ( b ) the mean matched absolute difference for twin pairs in each socioeconomic stratum , to ascertain the variability of outcomes among the twin pairs both discordant and concordant on adult socioeconomic position .

The way that value is assigned to outcomes to determine success or failure is not discussed .
the way that value is assigned to outcomes to [find out] success or failure is not discussed .

It is important to determine whether events similar to these seen in cell culture are occurring in tissues and what functions cell protrusions perform during tissue morphogenesis .
it is important to [find out] whether events similar to these seen in cell culture are occurring in tissues and what functions cell protrusions perform during tissue morphogenesis .

Krishna and colleagues used heavy-water distribution to calculate the total body water and bromide distribution to determine the extracellular volume in 19 children with moderately severe malaria and 16 with severe malaria in Gabon .
krishna and colleagues used heavy-water distribution to calculate the total body water and bromide distribution to [find out] the extracellular volume in 19 children with moderately severe malaria and 16 with severe malaria in gabon .

There are only two properties that can determine if an object is alive : metabolism and motion .
there are only two properties that can [find out] if an object is alive : metabolism and motion .

The practical approach to the search for life is to determine what life needs .
the practical approach to the search for life is to [find out] what life needs .

Finding a Way to Search for Alien Life If we were to find organic material in the subsurface of Mars or on the ice of Europa , how could we determine whether it was the product of a system of biology or merely abiotic , organic material from meteorites or photochemistry ?
finding a way to search for alien life if we were to find organic material in the subsurface of mars or on the ice of europa , how could we [find out] whether it was the product of a system of biology or merely abiotic , organic material from meteorites or photochemistry ?

If this life were in fact related to Earth life , this should be easy to determine .
if this life were in fact related to earth life , this should be easy to [find out] .

This case would be the simplest to determine , but it would also be the least interesting .
this case would be the simplest to [find out] , but it would also be the least interesting .

What , then , could we do to determine a biological origin ?
what , then , could we do to [find out] a biological origin ?

From these biological remains , it would then be possible to determine the biochemical composition of , and the phylogenetic relationship between , Earth life and Martian life .
from these biological remains , it would then be possible to [find out] the biochemical composition of , and the phylogenetic relationship between , earth life and martian life .

Modeling is a technique used by many scientists , including epidemiologists and statisticians , to create a mathematical equation that can be used to determine which variables affect an outcome of interest , and to what extent .
modeling is a technique used by many scientists , including epidemiologists and statisticians , to create a mathematical equation that can be used to [find out] which variables affect an outcome of interest , and to what extent .

More to the point , they are weary of the bureaucratic formulations that determine how the EU 's research budget , currently known as the Sixth Framework Programme ( 2002–2006 ) and worth around €4.4 billion/year ( or just over 5 % of all public spending on nonmilitary research in the region ) , is spent and distributed .
more to the point , they are weary of the bureaucratic formulations that [find out] how the eu 's research budget , currently known as the sixth framework programme ( 2002–2006 ) and worth around €4.4 billion/year ( or just over 5 % of all public spending on nonmilitary research in the region ) , is spent and distributed .

Despite the significant progress in increasing our understanding of the immune mechanisms of multiple sclerosis ( MS ) , in improving clinical classification and brain imaging , and in developing new treatments , the factors that determine the course of the disease are mostly unknown [ 1 ] .
despite the significant progress in increasing our understanding of the immune mechanisms of multiple sclerosis ( ms ) , in improving clinical classification and brain imaging , and in developing new treatments , the factors that [find out] the course of the disease are mostly unknown [ 1 ] .

Additionally , it has been recommended that patients should be monitored closely to determine whether and when it is necessary to modify treatment in order to maximize the benefit [ 5 ] .
additionally , it has been recommended that patients should be monitored closely to [find out] whether and when it is necessary to modify treatment in order to maximize the benefit [ 5 ] .

However , given the destructive nature of the disease , if we rely solely on clinical or radiological manifestations ( such as a relapse or a new lesion on a scan ) to determine a patient 's response to therapy , we will probably be responding too late .
however , given the destructive nature of the disease , if we rely solely on clinical or radiological manifestations ( such as a relapse or a new lesion on a scan ) to [find out] a patient 's response to therapy , we will probably be responding too late .

Indeed , studies that analyze affected tissues ( mostly in cancer ) clearly show that it is possible to predict prognosis , to identify new classes of diseases , and potentially to determine response to therapy [ 6,7,8 ] .
indeed , studies that analyze affected tissues ( mostly in cancer ) clearly show that it is possible to predict prognosis , to identify new classes of diseases , and potentially to [find out] response to therapy [ 6,7,8 ] .

Today , plant breeders can analyze populations derived from wide crosses using molecular markers to determine which portions of the chromosomes are associated with the transgressive variation of interest .
today , plant breeders can analyze populations derived from wide crosses using molecular markers to [find out] which portions of the chromosomes are associated with the transgressive variation of interest .

This makes it possible to dissect a complex phenotype and to determine where individual genes or , more correctly , quantitative trait loci ( QTLs ) map along the chromosomes .
this makes it possible to dissect a complex phenotype and to [find out] where individual genes or , more correctly , quantitative trait loci ( qtls ) map along the chromosomes .

Answering these questions might determine whether initial treatment strategies should be different for people with non-subtype-B viruses , and also could help decide how patients with non-subtype-B virus who fail antiretroviral therapy should be managed .
answering these questions might [find out] whether initial treatment strategies should be different for people with non-subtype-b viruses , and also could help decide how patients with non-subtype-b virus who fail antiretroviral therapy should be managed .

Although refinements of Possingham 's model , such as developing a prey-model version , or introducing stochasticity or several foraging constraints , might help us determine the extent to which we should expect resource partitioning along the colour dimension to take place , it is , in our view , far more pressing to determine the extent and conditions under which bees exploit red flowers ( i.e. , through comparisons of pollen vs. nectar exploitation , bird exclusion experiments , etc .
although refinements of possingham 's model , such as developing a prey-model version , or introducing stochasticity or several foraging constraints , might help us [find out] the extent to which we should expect resource partitioning along the colour dimension to take place , it is , in our view , far more pressing to [find out] the extent and conditions under which bees exploit red flowers ( i.e. , through comparisons of pollen vs. nectar exploitation , bird exclusion experiments , etc .

They analyzed administrative claims data from a public drug plan for seniors ( residents of age 65 and older ) to determine trends in first-line hypertension drug use .
they analyzed administrative claims data from a public drug plan for seniors ( residents of age 65 and older ) to [find out] trends in first-line hypertension drug use .

First-year students use Genome Browser and BLAST to determine the molecular causes of cystic fibrosis and Huntington disease , respectively .
first-year students use genome browser and blast to [find out] the molecular causes of cystic fibrosis and huntington disease , respectively .

No international surveillance mechanisms are in place to determine the prevalence and global distribution of hookworm infection .
no international surveillance mechanisms are in place to [find out] the prevalence and global distribution of hookworm infection .

To determine whether lung cancers that acquire clinical resistance to either gefitinib or erlotinib display additional mutations in the EGFR kinase domain , we have examined the status of EGFR exons 18 to 24 in tumors from five patients who initially responded but subsequently progressed while on these drugs .
to [find out] whether lung cancers that acquire clinical resistance to either gefitinib or erlotinib display additional mutations in the egfr kinase domain , we have examined the status of egfr exons 18 to 24 in tumors from five patients who initially responded but subsequently progressed while on these drugs .

A Secondary Missense Mutation in the EGFR Kinase Domain Detected in Lesions That Progressed while on Treatment with Either Gefitinib or Erlotinib To determine whether additional mutations in the EGFR kinase domain were associated with progression of disease in these patients , we performed direct sequencing of all of the exons ( 18 through 24 ) encoding the EGFR catalytic region in the available tumor specimens .
a secondary missense mutation in the egfr kinase domain detected in lesions that progressed while on treatment with either gefitinib or erlotinib to [find out] whether additional mutations in the egfr kinase domain were associated with progression of disease in these patients , we performed direct sequencing of all of the exons ( 18 through 24 ) encoding the egfr catalytic region in the available tumor specimens .

To determine whether the 2369 C→T mutation was a previously overlooked EGFR mutation found in NSCLCs , we re-reviewed exon 20 sequence tracings derived from analysis of 96 fresh-frozen resected tumors [ 3 ] and 59 paraffin-embedded tumors [ 7 ] , all of which were removed from patients prior to treatment with an EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor .
to [find out] whether the 2369 c→t mutation was a previously overlooked egfr mutation found in nsclcs , we re-reviewed exon 20 sequence tracings derived from analysis of 96 fresh-frozen resected tumors [ 3 ] and 59 paraffin-embedded tumors [ 7 ] , all of which were removed from patients prior to treatment with an egfr tyrosine kinase inhibitor .

Biochemical Properties of EGFR Mutants To determine how the T790M mutation would affect EGFR proteins already containing mutations associated with sensitivity to EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors , we introduced the specific mutation into EGFR cDNAs that encoded the exon 21 and 19 mutations found in patients 1 and 2 , respectively .
biochemical properties of egfr mutants to [find out] how the t790m mutation would affect egfr proteins already containing mutations associated with sensitivity to egfr tyrosine kinase inhibitors , we introduced the specific mutation into egfr cdnas that encoded the exon 21 and 19 mutations found in patients 1 and 2 , respectively .

Genetically , almost all patients have one of two predisposing HLA molecules , which determine the context in which their immune system encounters foreign antigens , including gluten proteins found in wheat and other cereals .
genetically , almost all patients have one of two predisposing hla molecules , which [find out] the context in which their immune system encounters foreign antigens , including gluten proteins found in wheat and other cereals .

Oats are not safe for all patients with celiac disease , but future studies are needed to determine the frequency of oats intolerance .
oats are not safe for all patients with celiac disease , but future studies are needed to [find out] the frequency of oats intolerance .

However , subsidies have an important weakness : it is almost impossible to determine correctly how large the subsidy should be .
however , subsidies have an important weakness : it is almost impossible to [find out] correctly how large the subsidy should be .

Future studies are necessary to determine whether this mechanism is actually responsible for the apparent clinical benefits of statins .
future studies are necessary to [find out] whether this mechanism is actually responsible for the apparent clinical benefits of statins .

Indeed , the team has used their theory to predict the flux of carbon dioxide through forests—a measure more usually used to determine individual metabolic rate .
indeed , the team has used their theory to predict the flux of carbon dioxide through forests—a measure more usually used to [find out] individual metabolic rate .

These are the smells that primarily determine the hedonic ( i.e. , pleasurable or aversive ) qualities of foods , and that , combined with taste and somatosensation , form the complex sensation of flavor .
these are the smells that primarily [find out] the hedonic ( i.e. , pleasurable or aversive ) qualities of foods , and that , combined with taste and somatosensation , form the complex sensation of flavor .

They stated that “ Wilson and Blower developed a mathematical model that could inform policy-makers ' decisions regarding the optimal distribution of treatment sites to ensure equal access by all individuals infected with HIV. ” However , our model does not determine the optimal distribution of treatment sites .
they stated that “ wilson and blower developed a mathematical model that could inform policy-makers ' decisions regarding the optimal distribution of treatment sites to ensure equal access by all individuals infected with hiv. ” however , our model does not [find out] the optimal distribution of treatment sites .

Thus , we took the treatment sites ( i.e. , HCFs ) as given , and we used their specific spatial location in South Africa as inputs to our model in order to determine optimal antiretroviral allocation strategies under a variety of conditions .
thus , we took the treatment sites ( i.e. , hcfs ) as given , and we used their specific spatial location in south africa as inputs to our model in order to [find out] optimal antiretroviral allocation strategies under a variety of conditions .

One was the British lead in using X-ray diffraction to determine molecular structures—a crown jewel built on the work of the Braggs ( father and son ) , Bernal , and Dorothy Hodgkin .
one was the british lead in using x-ray diffraction to [find out] molecular structures—a crown jewel built on the work of the braggs ( father and son ) , bernal , and dorothy hodgkin .

The other was the pre-World War II work of William Astbury in showing that DNA fibers displayed some crystallinity that , if developed , might be the basis of helping to determine the structure .
the other was the pre-world war ii work of william astbury in showing that dna fibers displayed some crystallinity that , if developed , might be the basis of helping to [find out] the structure .

Namcs and NHAMCS data released after 2002 will help determine whether the noted declines are due to random fluctuations in data reporting .
namcs and nhamcs data released after 2002 will help [find out] whether the noted declines are due to random fluctuations in data reporting .

In other words , the values of the X i and Y i−1 molecules determine what Y molecule will be incorporated .
in other words , the values of the x i and y i−1 molecules [find out] what y molecule will be incorporated .

After challenge with a low dose , one would determine the fraction of infected hosts in vaccinated and unvaccinated groups , and assess whether there is a statistically significant difference in the fractions ( see Figure 1A ) .
after challenge with a low dose , one would [find out] the fraction of infected hosts in vaccinated and unvaccinated groups , and assess whether there is a statistically significant difference in the fractions ( see figure 1a ) .

The tendency of these intrinsic cycles to go up and down in synchrony at different locations in space will determine whether susceptibility levels act as noise at small scales or , alternatively , whether their effect must be considered in conjunction with climate at larger scales .
the tendency of these intrinsic cycles to go up and down in synchrony at different locations in space will [find out] whether susceptibility levels act as noise at small scales or , alternatively , whether their effect must be considered in conjunction with climate at larger scales .

As you probably well know , the resources provided by such scholarships might well determine whether or not promising students can continue their education .
as you probably well know , the resources provided by such scholarships might well [find out] whether or not promising students can continue their education .

Empowerment refers to meeting the needs of girls and women so that they can freely exercise the power to determine and direct their lives .
empowerment refers to meeting the needs of girls and women so that they can freely exercise the power to [find out] and direct their lives .

Determine if the company you or your spouse works for has a matching gift program ( through the personnel office ) .
[find out] if the company you or your spouse works for has a matching gift program ( through the personnel office ) .

We know from Bohr and others that the act of observation changes phenomena : observing a subatomic particle can determine either its location or its momentum , but not both .
we know from bohr and others that the act of observation changes phenomena : observing a subatomic particle can [find out] either its location or its momentum , but not both .

The NYT leads with a local story : The claim of public school investigators that dozens of New York City teachers and two principals supplied answers to students for the standardized tests that determine how city schools are ranked and also whether or not students are promoted .
the nyt leads with a local story : the claim of public school investigators that dozens of new york city teachers and two principals supplied answers to students for the standardized tests that [find out] how city schools are ranked and also whether or not students are promoted .

Gore 's statement comes as the Secretary of Defense ordered a Pentagon investigation to determine whether homosexuals in uniform are being harassed .
gore 's statement comes as the secretary of defense ordered a pentagon investigation to [find out] whether homosexuals in uniform are being harassed .

I report all this matter-of-factly ; but in the film it takes a while to determine just what their relationship is or was .
i report all this matter-of-factly ; but in the film it takes a while to [find out] just what their relationship is or was .

Both papers report that investigators are trying to determine if Viagra is implicated in a Maryland airplane crash last Saturday , which would be a first .
both papers report that investigators are trying to [find out] if viagra is implicated in a maryland airplane crash last saturday , which would be a first .

A spate of upcoming court cases across the country may determine the future of race-based policies .
a spate of upcoming court cases across the country may [find out] the future of race-based policies .

They did not have to determine who was involved or what role each organization played .
they did not have to [find out] who was involved or what role each organization played .

How we got there , that 's up for somebody else to determine .
how we got there , that 's up for somebody else to [find out] .

If each brand merely offers the same basic ingredients in different proportions , plus or minus a few bells and whistles , how was I to determine which was the best ?
if each brand merely offers the same basic ingredients in different proportions , plus or minus a few bells and whistles , how was i to [find out] which was the best ?

According to the Drudge Report and the New York Post , the Star has paid a former Arkansas prostitute and her 13-year-old son to take DNA tests to determine whether or not Clinton is the boy 's father .
according to the drudge report and the new york post , the star has paid a former arkansas prostitute and her 13-year-old son to take dna tests to [find out] whether or not clinton is the boy 's father .

In the long run , the size of the float does n't determine anything .
in the long run , the size of the float does n't [find out] anything .

I question what research and/or actual experience was used to determine that `` since it has become a common phrase of salutation and even endearment among blacks , a high proportion of its current usage is in fact as a synonym for 'black person . '
i question what research and/or actual experience was used to [find out] that `` since it has become a common phrase of salutation and even endearment among blacks , a high proportion of its current usage is in fact as a synonym for 'black person . '

The configuration of computers when sold will determine to a large degree which services a consumer encounters .
the configuration of computers when sold will [find out] to a large degree which services a consumer encounters .

It would be difficult to determine which of these phenomena is at work without careful study ( i.e. , without doing more than just watching the polls and guessing ) .
it would be difficult to [find out] which of these phenomena is at work without careful study ( i.e. , without doing more than just watching the polls and guessing ) .

Can tax reduction speed up the growth of the nation 's output and the incomes of the population by increasing saving , investment , work , education , enterprise , research , and other factors that determine our capacity to produce ?
can tax reduction speed up the growth of the nation 's output and the incomes of the population by increasing saving , investment , work , education , enterprise , research , and other factors that [find out] our capacity to produce ?

The point was to find stories that hung together , not determine once and for all which was right .
the point was to find stories that hung together , not [find out] once and for all which was right .

Researchers said the find offered unprecedented opportunities : 1 ) to determine why mammoths became extinct ; 2 ) to understand the world 's climate at the time ; and 3 ) to clone the animal .
researchers said the find offered unprecedented opportunities : 1 ) to [find out] why mammoths became extinct ; 2 ) to understand the world 's climate at the time ; and 3 ) to clone the animal .

In military confrontations , McCain warned Monday , `` there comes a time when our nation 's leader can no longer rely on briefing books and talking points ... when the sum total of one 's life becomes the foundation from which he or she makes the decisions that determine the future of our democracy .
in military confrontations , mccain warned monday , `` there comes a time when our nation 's leader can no longer rely on briefing books and talking points ... when the sum total of one 's life becomes the foundation from which he or she makes the decisions that [find out] the future of our democracy .

In the book , we discuss simple ways to determine cash flow as a percentage of earnings .
in the book , we discuss simple ways to [find out] cash flow as a percentage of earnings .

To prevent this , Dole needs to create a semifinal playoff -- Forbes vs. Dole -- to determine who gets to play Bush .
to prevent this , dole needs to create a semifinal playoff -- forbes vs. dole -- to [find out] who gets to play bush .

It is up to the buyer -- and the buyer 's title company -- to discover them in the `` chain of title '' and to determine if they have any legal force or effect .
it is up to the buyer -- and the buyer 's title company -- to discover them in the `` chain of title '' and to [find out] if they have any legal force or effect .

U.S. interests , not U.S. ideals , should ultimately determine our foreign policy .
u.s. interests , not u.s. ideals , should ultimately [find out] our foreign policy .

Safe navigation between ships is based upon simple mathematics ... add the vectors representing each ship 's course and speed to determine if we are trying to occupy the same piece of ocean ; henceforth known as a collision .
safe navigation between ships is based upon simple mathematics ... add the vectors representing each ship 's course and speed to [find out] if we are trying to occupy the same piece of ocean ; henceforth known as a collision .

Virginia began categorizing a child as free or slave according to the mother 's status ( which was easier to determine than the father 's ) , and so in 1691 the assembly passed a law to make sure that women did n't bear mixed-race children .
virginia began categorizing a child as free or slave according to the mother 's status ( which was easier to [find out] than the father 's ) , and so in 1691 the assembly passed a law to make sure that women did n't bear mixed-race children .

The answer will determine the future of the organization . ''
the answer will [find out] the future of the organization . ''

The audience was packed with worried industry insiders still reeling from President Clinton 's just-announced call for a Justice Department/FTC investigation to determine if Hollywood markets violent product to children .
the audience was packed with worried industry insiders still reeling from president clinton 's just-announced call for a justice department/ftc investigation to [find out] if hollywood markets violent product to children .

A few years ago , economics professors J. Bradford De Long and Kevin Lang devised an ingenious way to determine just how many published economic hypotheses are actually true .
a few years ago , economics professors j. bradford de long and kevin lang devised an ingenious way to [find out] just how many published economic hypotheses are actually true .

Currently , researchers are trying to determine the extent of the loss .
currently , researchers are trying to [find out] the extent of the loss .

A spokesman for Gary Bauer agreed : `` Gary feels the candidates do n't determine what is the statute of limitations on questions of character and committing a felony .
a spokesman for gary bauer agreed : `` gary feels the candidates do n't [find out] what is the statute of limitations on questions of character and committing a felony .

His wife ( Charlize Theron ) is now pregnant -- and sporting the same hairdo Mia Farrow wore in Rosemary 's Baby -- and must determine what has happened to hubby and what to do about it .
his wife ( charlize theron ) is now pregnant -- and sporting the same hairdo mia farrow wore in rosemary 's baby -- and must [find out] what has happened to hubby and what to do about it .

In its sole discretion and in addition to any other rights or remedies available to it , Metabolife International , Inc. reserves the right to determine whether the User ( s ) is ( are ) engaging in Improper Conduct , [ and ] charge the Registered User ( whose facilities or access rights have been used for Improper Conduct ) an Improper Conduct service fee .
in its sole discretion and in addition to any other rights or remedies available to it , metabolife international , inc. reserves the right to [find out] whether the user ( s ) is ( are ) engaging in improper conduct , [ and ] charge the registered user ( whose facilities or access rights have been used for improper conduct ) an improper conduct service fee .

The problem : As with the first part of the plan , which deals with Title One funding ( see `` Policy Corner : Bush Ed '' ) , the states themselves determine whether they deserve more or less money from the feds .
the problem : as with the first part of the plan , which deals with title one funding ( see `` policy corner : bush ed '' ) , the states themselves [find out] whether they deserve more or less money from the feds .

If crashes determine risk , then there are very few assets that you can really call safe .
if crashes [find out] risk , then there are very few assets that you can really call safe .

That Metabolife , specifically , has been tested , and has been through rigorous testing through DEA -- and FDA certified laboratories to determine if in fact you could make methamphetamine out of Metabolife , it was concluded you could not do that .
that metabolife , specifically , has been tested , and has been through rigorous testing through dea -- and fda certified laboratories to [find out] if in fact you could make methamphetamine out of metabolife , it was concluded you could not do that .

You need only pick your medium or your country to determine what he 's left in his wake .
you need only pick your medium or your country to [find out] what he 's left in his wake .

To determine the likelihood of employer discrimination , it 's certainly relevant to figure out how expensive it is .
to [find out] the likelihood of employer discrimination , it 's certainly relevant to figure out how expensive it is .

The terms on which it does so , combined with the demand conditions , together determine the interest rate .
the terms on which it does so , combined with the demand conditions , together [find out] the interest rate .

It is , unfortunately , difficult to determine reliably if the labor that went into a particular item was handled humanely .
it is , unfortunately , difficult to [find out] reliably if the labor that went into a particular item was handled humanely .

The Brookings study Jodie T. Allen cites in `` Killer Air Bags '' calls , at least implicitly , for us to assign a value to our time , and to use that to determine the value of the total time we spend buckling up .
the brookings study jodie t. allen cites in `` killer air bags '' calls , at least implicitly , for us to assign a value to our time , and to use that to [find out] the value of the total time we spend buckling up .

In addition to job description issues , our writer was trying to determine where good-guyness intersected with doormathood .
in addition to job description issues , our writer was trying to [find out] where good-guyness intersected with doormathood .

From Belgrade , Yugoslavia , text from Radio B92 gives us the latest on Kosovo : Kosovar Albanian negotiators have called for a referendum to determine the future political status of the 90 percent ethnic Albanian province in southern Serbia .
from belgrade , yugoslavia , text from radio b92 gives us the latest on kosovo : kosovar albanian negotiators have called for a referendum to [find out] the future political status of the 90 percent ethnic albanian province in southern serbia .

In an article titled `` Inexcusable '' in the Jerusalem Post , columnist Aaron Lerner condemned the Wye agreement as forfeiting Israel 's right to determine independently whether the Palestinians are keeping their part of the bargain .
in an article titled `` inexcusable '' in the jerusalem post , columnist aaron lerner condemned the wye agreement as forfeiting israel 's right to [find out] independently whether the palestinians are keeping their part of the bargain .

Says U.S. News , the election outcomes will directly determine whether impeachment proceeding are dropped and whether Clinton can set any agenda in his remaining two years in office .
says u.s. news , the election outcomes will directly [find out] whether impeachment proceeding are dropped and whether clinton can set any agenda in his remaining two years in office .

Importantly , we can easily determine how much recorded music is sold at retail from readily available sources .
importantly , we can easily [find out] how much recorded music is sold at retail from readily available sources .

It is sometimes difficult to determine if it 's real or if it 's Memorex , though build , voice , and the hint of a beard can sometimes be a tip-off .
it is sometimes difficult to [find out] if it 's real or if it 's memorex , though build , voice , and the hint of a beard can sometimes be a tip-off .

Bill Cosby has taken a blood test to determine whether he is Autumn Jackson 's father , according to Cosby 's lawyer , John Schmitt .
bill cosby has taken a blood test to [find out] whether he is autumn jackson 's father , according to cosby 's lawyer , john schmitt .

McCain , who recently stood nearly alone in advocating the use of ground forces in Kosovo , obviously does n't think that public opinion should determine the course of American military intervention .
mccain , who recently stood nearly alone in advocating the use of ground forces in kosovo , obviously does n't think that public opinion should [find out] the course of american military intervention .

By design , Monica 's lawyers never had the dress tested to determine its `` smoking gun '' potential .
by design , monica 's lawyers never had the dress tested to [find out] its `` smoking gun '' potential .

An article finds a new use for DNA technology : One scientist wants to determine if Thomas Jefferson fathered black children ( a long-standing controversy ) .
an article finds a new use for dna technology : one scientist wants to [find out] if thomas jefferson fathered black children ( a long-standing controversy ) .

Western investors will determine which countries and businesses bounce back and which do n't .
western investors will [find out] which countries and businesses bounce back and which do n't .

By design , Monica 's lawyers never had the dress tested to determine its `` smoking gun '' potential .
by design , monica 's lawyers never had the dress tested to [find out] its `` smoking gun '' potential .

Chimps can use word order to determine meaning ( `` bring the person to the water , '' not `` bring the water to the person '' ) .
chimps can use word order to [find out] meaning ( `` bring the person to the water , '' not `` bring the water to the person '' ) .

Revelations : 1 ) Her body may be exhumed to determine whether she was assaulted with a stun gun and 2 ) some investigators suspect that her death was an accident , and her parents ' real crime was covering it up .
revelations : 1 ) her body may be exhumed to [find out] whether she was assaulted with a stun gun and 2 ) some investigators suspect that her death was an accident , and her parents ' real crime was covering it up .

Classical stations now use market research to determine playlists .
classical stations now use market research to [find out] playlists .

El Niño seems to determine the corn production of Zimbabwe , the coffee production of Sumatra , and the cocoa production of the Ivory Coast .
el niño seems to [find out] the corn production of zimbabwe , the coffee production of sumatra , and the cocoa production of the ivory coast .

The Tennessee judge ruled for Ray , calling for ballistics tests to determine if a gun with Ray 's fingerprint fired the lethal bullet .
the tennessee judge ruled for ray , calling for ballistics tests to [find out] if a gun with ray 's fingerprint fired the lethal bullet .

Researchers suggested that more data is needed to determine which treatment has the lowest overall death rate .
researchers suggested that more data is needed to [find out] which treatment has the lowest overall death rate .

After one more attempt , the Pentagon will determine whether the missile shield can be deployed by 2005 , and President Clinton will decide whether to proceed with the program .
after one more attempt , the pentagon will [find out] whether the missile shield can be deployed by 2005 , and president clinton will decide whether to proceed with the program .

Here we have next to no ability to determine what is normal and what is noteworthy .
here we have next to no ability to [find out] what is normal and what is noteworthy .

The company 's overall message is that the `` next generation '' project will determine the industry 's future and that Gates is the genius who can pull it off .
the company 's overall message is that the `` next generation '' project will [find out] the industry 's future and that gates is the genius who can pull it off .

In coming years , statewide tests ( with class work and attendance ) will determine which students advance to the next grade .
in coming years , statewide tests ( with class work and attendance ) will [find out] which students advance to the next grade .

We may develop an attitude -- a set of prejudices derived from logic and evidence , as best we can determine them -- but we 'll leave `` attitude '' to the kids .
we may develop an attitude -- a set of prejudices derived from logic and evidence , as best we can [find out] them -- but we 'll leave `` attitude '' to the kids .

The Fed and the bond market will determine how fast the economy goes by determining interest rates , and the concrete impact of the federal funds rate and of the Fed 's printing or not-printing money will far outweigh any psychological effect of the Fed 's symbolic gestures .
the fed and the bond market will [find out] how fast the economy goes by determining interest rates , and the concrete impact of the federal funds rate and of the fed 's printing or not-printing money will far outweigh any psychological effect of the fed 's symbolic gestures .

State regulators will determine the level to which pollution must be reduced in a body of water and then assign quotas to individual polluters .
state regulators will [find out] the level to which pollution must be reduced in a body of water and then assign quotas to individual polluters .

The Taiwanese government asserted that the United States and China have no right to determine Taiwan 's future without input from Taipei .
the taiwanese government asserted that the united states and china have no right to [find out] taiwan 's future without input from taipei .

The problem is that that 's still not enough to determine whether vouchers work .
the problem is that that 's still not enough to [find out] whether vouchers work .

Juan Williams ( Fox News Sunday ) worked the issue for the gag : Send Strom Thurmond instead , to determine `` the effect of weightlessness on orange hair . ''
juan williams ( fox news sunday ) worked the issue for the gag : send strom thurmond instead , to [find out] `` the effect of weightlessness on orange hair . ''

On Fox News Sunday , Hume ( a part-time computer columnist ) and NPR 's Mara Liasson concurred with Ballmer , citing the market 's right to determine winners .
on fox news sunday , hume ( a part-time computer columnist ) and npr 's mara liasson concurred with ballmer , citing the market 's right to [find out] winners .

The commentariat agrees the public 's eventual answer to this question will determine the bill 's fate .
the commentariat agrees the public 's eventual answer to this question will [find out] the bill 's fate .

Yes , yes , I know , because of insurance and third parties , there is no true market for healthcare , but we should try to approximate one as best we can , so that people 's real desires ( and not some political hack 's view of them ) determine the structure of healthcare .
yes , yes , i know , because of insurance and third parties , there is no true market for healthcare , but we should try to approximate one as best we can , so that people 's real desires ( and not some political hack 's view of them ) [find out] the structure of healthcare .

The new data eliminate the possibility that a faulty thrust reverser induced the crash , but investigators say that they must recover the cockpit voice recorder to determine the cause .
the new data eliminate the possibility that a faulty thrust reverser induced the crash , but investigators say that they must recover the cockpit voice recorder to [find out] the cause .

The virtual primary will be the culmination of several months of online surveys designed both to provide information about which political issues are important to women and to determine how women are likely to vote .
the virtual primary will be the culmination of several months of online surveys designed both to provide information about which political issues are important to women and to [find out] how women are likely to vote .

The cover story compares various international education test scores and concludes that teaching methods -- not funding , class size , or culture -- determine student performance .
the cover story compares various international education test scores and concludes that teaching methods -- not funding , class size , or culture -- [find out] student performance .

An editorial and article say that next month 's French election could determine the future of European union .
an editorial and article say that next month 's french election could [find out] the future of european union .

The stories applaud the upcoming flurry of Mars expeditions ( eight launches in eight years ) , with Newsweek concluding that they will undoubtedly determine whether Mars ever hosted life .
the stories applaud the upcoming flurry of mars expeditions ( eight launches in eight years ) , with newsweek concluding that they will undoubtedly [find out] whether mars ever hosted life .

Scientists want to determine the cause of the flu 's potency ( it killed more Americans than World Wars I and II , Korea , and Vietnam combined ) and prevent future epidemics .
scientists want to [find out] the cause of the flu 's potency ( it killed more americans than world wars i and ii , korea , and vietnam combined ) and prevent future epidemics .

The WP lead asserts that eighteen months after federal welfare reform , `` it is becoming clear that the mass of data the government requires states to collect is in such disarray that it is impossible to determine whether the law is working . ''
the wp lead asserts that eighteen months after federal welfare reform , `` it is becoming clear that the mass of data the government requires states to collect is in such disarray that it is impossible to [find out] whether the law is working . ''

They are also , says the paper , trying to determine whether Currie tried to make contact with Lewinsky from the White House on the day Lewinsky was first interrogated by Starr 's FBI agents .
they are also , says the paper , trying to [find out] whether currie tried to make contact with lewinsky from the white house on the day lewinsky was first interrogated by starr 's fbi agents .

The WP lead reports that yesterday , Starr lashed out at the `` avalanche of lies '' spread about his staff and defended his decision to subpoena Clinton loyalists to determine if they have been spreading derogatory information about his office .
the wp lead reports that yesterday , starr lashed out at the `` avalanche of lies '' spread about his staff and defended his decision to subpoena clinton loyalists to [find out] if they have been spreading derogatory information about his office .

The Post observes that Willey 's appearance indicates Starr is widening his investigation beyond the allegations involving Monica Lewinsky to determine whether President Clinton has testified truthfully in his Paula Jones deposition about other women as well .
the post observes that willey 's appearance indicates starr is widening his investigation beyond the allegations involving monica lewinsky to [find out] whether president clinton has testified truthfully in his paula jones deposition about other women as well .

The NYT front-page Albright piece adds a further wrinkle , noting that Albright responded , `` It is up to each country to determine its own way to defend itself . ''
the nyt front-page albright piece adds a further wrinkle , noting that albright responded , `` it is up to each country to [find out] its own way to defend itself . ''

The autopilot is an electronic system that manipulates the three `` control surfaces '' that determine an airplane 's course : the movable panels , called ailerons , on the back of each wing that allow the plane to bank right or left ; the tail rudder , which turns the aircraft 's nose ; and the elevators , which point the plane up or down .
the autopilot is an electronic system that manipulates the three `` control surfaces '' that [find out] an airplane 's course : the movable panels , called ailerons , on the back of each wing that allow the plane to bank right or left ; the tail rudder , which turns the aircraft 's nose ; and the elevators , which point the plane up or down .

Each courtship begins with the great man sending charming but oddly formal notes to his beloved or having his secretary call to determine the time , place , and sometimes the precise length of their meeting .
each courtship begins with the great man sending charming but oddly formal notes to his beloved or having his secretary call to [find out] the time , place , and sometimes the precise length of their meeting .

The Internet is going to make traditional media change because it allows readers to choose the content they want , completely bypassing the old SuperEditors who run traditional media now and determine the what we see .
the internet is going to make traditional media change because it allows readers to choose the content they want , completely bypassing the old supereditors who run traditional media now and [find out] the what we see .

A doctor writes a letter to the NYT that poses a good question : Although Bill Bradley and his doctor have discounted his recent heart episodes , would a doctor examining him to determine eligibility for a $ 1 million health and disability policy agree ?
a doctor writes a letter to the nyt that poses a good question : although bill bradley and his doctor have discounted his recent heart episodes , would a doctor examining him to [find out] eligibility for a $ 1 million health and disability policy agree ?

A group of researchers in Texas tried to determine whether sports utility vehicles ( which I like to call `` SUVs '' ) clog intersections and slow down traffic .
a group of researchers in texas tried to [find out] whether sports utility vehicles ( which i like to call `` suvs '' ) clog intersections and slow down traffic .

The Wall Street Journal puts the story atop its front-page news index box , and the Los Angeles Times fronts it , going instead with how as few as two dozen seats will determine if the Republicans hold on to the House this fall .
the wall street journal puts the story atop its front-page news index box , and the los angeles times fronts it , going instead with how as few as two dozen seats will [find out] if the republicans hold on to the house this fall .

A typical issue contained an article on three suicide victims with multiple gunshot wounds to the head ( complete with photos from the death scenes ; one poor guy shot himself five times before he finally died ) , another on improved methods to determine the age of an unidentified victim , and yet a third on the homicide rituals of the Italian Mafia .
a typical issue contained an article on three suicide victims with multiple gunshot wounds to the head ( complete with photos from the death scenes ; one poor guy shot himself five times before he finally died ) , another on improved methods to [find out] the age of an unidentified victim , and yet a third on the homicide rituals of the italian mafia .

It 's hard work to determine the success of mergers , because you have to compare the performance of the new company against the projected performance of the previously independent companies .
it 's hard work to [find out] the success of mergers , because you have to compare the performance of the new company against the projected performance of the previously independent companies .

The fact that a small number of contracts can determine a company 's profit outlook for a decade places a premium on low-balling bids ( which leads , almost inevitably , to cost overruns ) and influence-currying .
the fact that a small number of contracts can [find out] a company 's profit outlook for a decade places a premium on low-balling bids ( which leads , almost inevitably , to cost overruns ) and influence-currying .

Conducted by the U.S. Public Health Service from 1932 to 1972 , that study left 412 black syphilitic men untreated -- even after penicillin became widely available -- in an attempt to determine the natural history of syphilis .
conducted by the u.s. public health service from 1932 to 1972 , that study left 412 black syphilitic men untreated -- even after penicillin became widely available -- in an attempt to [find out] the natural history of syphilis .

How did she determine the deaths were homicide and not SIDS ?
how did she [find out] the deaths were homicide and not sids ?

Scientists said the prospects for the mission -- which had aimed to gather information on the Martian climate and determine whether it ever sustained life -- were dim .
scientists said the prospects for the mission -- which had aimed to gather information on the martian climate and [find out] whether it ever sustained life -- were dim .

When air disasters occur , there is an investigation to determine the cause , much as , at the end of a relationship , we try to understand why it failed , but without the advantage of voice recording , so we 're left to squabble endlessly over who said what .
when air disasters occur , there is an investigation to [find out] the cause , much as , at the end of a relationship , we try to understand why it failed , but without the advantage of voice recording , so we 're left to squabble endlessly over who said what .

If all your motives are selfish , you 'll probably first make some discreet inquiries to determine whether the president is prepared to outbid the prosecutor -- say with the promise of a full pardon .
if all your motives are selfish , you 'll probably first make some discreet inquiries to [find out] whether the president is prepared to outbid the prosecutor -- say with the promise of a full pardon .

It would , for example , be interesting to determine whether the Aldrich Ames spy case was an anomaly or a symptom of widespread corruption in the CIA .
it would , for example , be interesting to [find out] whether the aldrich ames spy case was an anomaly or a symptom of widespread corruption in the cia .

If kin-selected genes are going to induce love of kin , they 'll have to determine who qualifies as kin in some pedestrian and probably fallible way .
if kin-selected genes are going to induce love of kin , they 'll have to [find out] who qualifies as kin in some pedestrian and probably fallible way .

By 1985 , when Prusiner 's own papers were still suggesting that the prion hypothesis was at best a long shot , he won a $ 4-million congressional award `` to determine the structure of prions and how they cause disease . ''
by 1985 , when prusiner 's own papers were still suggesting that the prion hypothesis was at best a long shot , he won a $ 4-million congressional award `` to [find out] the structure of prions and how they cause disease . ''

Here 's a three-question quiz to determine how rational you are .
here 's a three-question quiz to [find out] how rational you are .

The net result could be an FDA approval process that is either more or less stringent than it is today , at the option of the legislators who determine the size of the stock grants and the size of the fines .
the net result could be an fda approval process that is either more or less stringent than it is today , at the option of the legislators who [find out] the size of the stock grants and the size of the fines .

The NYT leads with Clinton 's decision to dispatch federal officials to all 50 states to determine whether states have improperly excluded people from Medicaid , and to investigate the surprising underutilization of the Children 's Health Insurance Program .
the nyt leads with clinton 's decision to dispatch federal officials to all 50 states to [find out] whether states have improperly excluded people from medicaid , and to investigate the surprising underutilization of the children 's health insurance program .

According to Bell , changes in the one do not determine changes in the other ( for example , the United States is capitalist and the Soviet Union was collectivist , but both were industrial ) .
according to bell , changes in the one do not [find out] changes in the other ( for example , the united states is capitalist and the soviet union was collectivist , but both were industrial ) .

The court left it to the legislature to determine whether gay couples will get these rights through marriage or domestic partnership .
the court left it to the legislature to [find out] whether gay couples will get these rights through marriage or domestic partnership .

The survey also indicates that voters surf the Net to learn more about community problems , read candidate biographies , and determine who to vote for .
the survey also indicates that voters surf the net to learn more about community problems , read candidate biographies , and [find out] who to vote for .

The court left it to the legislature to determine whether gay couples will get these rights through marriage or domestic partnership .
the court left it to the legislature to [find out] whether gay couples will get these rights through marriage or domestic partnership .

The radar gun was invented to allow civil engineers to determine `` 85 th percentile speed , '' or that speed that 85 percent of drivers will maintain on a given piece of road .
the radar gun was invented to allow civil engineers to [find out] `` 85 th percentile speed , '' or that speed that 85 percent of drivers will maintain on a given piece of road .

In more sensible times , that 's how speed limits were set : Build the road , time traffic on it , determine the speed most people are comfortable driving at , and post that as the limit to encourage uniform speeds , which , unsurprisingly , minimizes accidents .
in more sensible times , that 's how speed limits were set : build the road , time traffic on it , [find out] the speed most people are comfortable driving at , and post that as the limit to encourage uniform speeds , which , unsurprisingly , minimizes accidents .

Even if it were possible to determine scientifically whose performance as a supporting actress last year was better than anyone else 's , why should you want to do that ?
even if it were possible to [find out] scientifically whose performance as a supporting actress last year was better than anyone else 's , why should you want to do that ?

What they mean when they say that , rather than how she got to be where she is , will determine Albright 's place in history .
what they mean when they say that , rather than how she got to be where she is , will [find out] albright 's place in history .

He also explains , `` Dozens of variables may determine the speed and continuity of your Internet connection are in the hands of your local phone company . ''
he also explains , `` dozens of variables may [find out] the speed and continuity of your internet connection are in the hands of your local phone company . ''

According to the Washington Post , `` Officials tried to determine the sex of the second beaver , but the animal did not seem to appreciate the prodding . ''
according to the washington post , `` officials tried to [find out] the sex of the second beaver , but the animal did not seem to appreciate the prodding . ''

Keirsey does not muck around in your excretions in order to determine your personality .
keirsey does not muck around in your excretions in order to [find out] your personality .

It is never possible to be sure that you have taken account of all the factors that determine productivity .
it is never possible to be sure that you have taken account of all the factors that [find out] productivity .

I suppose in the election cycle for 2004 ( which , by my calendar , starts in about three weeks ) potential candidates will first announce plans to pick a committee to determine if the potential candidates should form an exploratory committee to determine if they should run for president .
i suppose in the election cycle for 2004 ( which , by my calendar , starts in about three weeks ) potential candidates will first announce plans to pick a committee to [find out] if the potential candidates should form an exploratory committee to [find out] if they should run for president .

Potential voters wo n't have to be concerned about establishing committees to determine if they should throw out their televisions and delete their bookmarks to e-zines until a more reasonable time next year .
potential voters wo n't have to be concerned about establishing committees to [find out] if they should throw out their televisions and delete their bookmarks to e-zines until a more reasonable time next year .

This makes it one of the few possible end runs around the meritocratic-credentialing complex , whereby standardized test scores determine future opportunities .
this makes it one of the few possible end runs around the meritocratic-credentialing complex , whereby standardized test scores [find out] future opportunities .

Can you determine which is the real headline and which is the amazing simulacrum ?
can you [find out] which is the real headline and which is the amazing simulacrum ?

To convert the Rawlsian argument into a concrete policy , you first have to determine what terms we 'd have written into those pre-birth agreements .
to convert the rawlsian argument into a concrete policy , you first have to [find out] what terms we 'd have written into those pre-birth agreements .

The low-key coverage of the event reflected several pre-established media themes : a ) Steele is a `` peripheral '' figure hounded by a vindictive special prosecutor , Kenneth Starr ; b ) the Steele trial is a pathetic coda to Flytrap 's now-finished symphony ( `` Starr 's Last Gasps , '' says Time ) ; and c ) the sole remaining function of the case is to help determine the credibility of Kathleen Willey , the Richmond , Va. , socialite who accuses President Clinton of crudely groping her near the Oval Office in 1993 .
the low-key coverage of the event reflected several pre-established media themes : a ) steele is a `` peripheral '' figure hounded by a vindictive special prosecutor , kenneth starr ; b ) the steele trial is a pathetic coda to flytrap 's now-finished symphony ( `` starr 's last gasps , '' says time ) ; and c ) the sole remaining function of the case is to help [find out] the credibility of kathleen willey , the richmond , va. , socialite who accuses president clinton of crudely groping her near the oval office in 1993 .

The regs would have required that banks determine customers ' sources of funds , create client profiles based on transaction patterns , monitor accounts for deviations , investigate irregularities , and report unexplained activities to federal authorities .
the regs would have required that banks [find out] customers ' sources of funds , create client profiles based on transaction patterns , monitor accounts for deviations , investigate irregularities , and report unexplained activities to federal authorities .

The American Bankers Association complained about `` a new , vastly more expansive burden of investigating all customers to determine if anything illegal has taken place . ''
the american bankers association complained about `` a new , vastly more expansive burden of investigating all customers to [find out] if anything illegal has taken place . ''

Some people who dine out often and are wine drinkers tell Prudie that when feeling expansive , they let the grand total determine the tip .
some people who dine out often and are wine drinkers tell prudie that when feeling expansive , they let the grand total [find out] the tip .

Prudie 's advice would probably be the same for either situation : You must determine the importance of sex in your life .
prudie 's advice would probably be the same for either situation : you must [find out] the importance of sex in your life .

The location of the seller may be even tougher to determine .
the location of the seller may be even tougher to [find out] .

AAPS 's request for a temporary injunction against Clinton 's health-care task force was rejected by a U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in 1993 , which concluded that more information was needed to determine whether the working group qualified for a FACA exemption .
aaps 's request for a temporary injunction against clinton 's health-care task force was rejected by a u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit in 1993 , which concluded that more information was needed to [find out] whether the working group qualified for a faca exemption .

Reams of studies by psychologists show that emotions , not economic calculations , determine investor behavior in a volatile market .
reams of studies by psychologists show that emotions , not economic calculations , [find out] investor behavior in a volatile market .

Some houses -- big and small -- have trimmed their lists , consulting closely with the chains to determine what is commercial , and have seen their profits and sales rise .
some houses -- big and small -- have trimmed their lists , consulting closely with the chains to [find out] what is commercial , and have seen their profits and sales rise .

One is evolutionary : Men must determine which children they sire , something only strict monogamy can ensure .
one is evolutionary : men must [find out] which children they sire , something only strict monogamy can ensure .

At a time and frequency you determine ( just once , once a week , every day , or every weekday ) , it dials your Internet service provider ( if necessary ) , makes a connection , downloads the Web pages you have selected , closes the connection , and hangs up .
at a time and frequency you [find out] ( just once , once a week , every day , or every weekday ) , it dials your internet service provider ( if necessary ) , makes a connection , downloads the web pages you have selected , closes the connection , and hangs up .

Indeed , the sport is now so populist that in the opinion of all the experts , it is `` soccer moms '' who will determine the outcome of next month 's election .
indeed , the sport is now so populist that in the opinion of all the experts , it is `` soccer moms '' who will [find out] the outcome of next month 's election .

The amount of courage Clinton displays in acting to reform Medicare and Social Security will determine whether these successful and popular programs survive into the next century in anything resembling their present forms .
the amount of courage clinton displays in acting to reform medicare and social security will [find out] whether these successful and popular programs survive into the next century in anything resembling their present forms .

Usat 's lead is that the National Institutes of Medicine is going to try to determine whether fallout from Cold War atomic tests may have caused some 75,000 cases of thyroid cancer .
usat 's lead is that the national institutes of medicine is going to try to [find out] whether fallout from cold war atomic tests may have caused some 75,000 cases of thyroid cancer .

The cops are still trying to determine if any associates of Cunanan helped hide him while he was a fugitive .
the cops are still trying to [find out] if any associates of cunanan helped hide him while he was a fugitive .

The piece also observes that if the free market is allowed to determine which New York hospitals close , poor patients are the likely losers .
the piece also observes that if the free market is allowed to [find out] which new york hospitals close , poor patients are the likely losers .

The Post reports that `` New York police and federal agents arrested three men and seized five powerful bombs yesterday after a tense shootout in a seedy Brooklyn apartment , and the FBI began an intensive investigation to determine whether the suspects had ties to any Middle East terrorist organizations . ''
the post reports that `` new york police and federal agents arrested three men and seized five powerful bombs yesterday after a tense shootout in a seedy brooklyn apartment , and the fbi began an intensive investigation to [find out] whether the suspects had ties to any middle east terrorist organizations . ''

For example , Abraham asserts that marginal tax rates are what determine `` whether a worker works overtime or goes home for the day ... whether Americans save and invest their income or spend it . ''
for example , abraham asserts that marginal tax rates are what [find out] `` whether a worker works overtime or goes home for the day ... whether americans save and invest their income or spend it . ''

Almost seven years ago the Federal Trade Commission set out to determine whether Microsoft had monopolized personal computer operating systems .
almost seven years ago the federal trade commission set out to [find out] whether microsoft had monopolized personal computer operating systems .

USAT and the WP front a study being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine that seems to show that the race and sex of patients presenting with chest pains determine the course of treatment doctors pursue .
usat and the wp front a study being published today in the new england journal of medicine that seems to show that the race and sex of patients presenting with chest pains [find out] the course of treatment doctors pursue .

BRENTWOOD , Calif. -- As we begin the autopsy for Boys R Us -- the beer ' n ' boorishness , boobs ' n ' bang-bang , jeans ' n ' sneakers , rock ' n ' freaking roll pop culture that won the Cold War -- it might be wise to determine a time of death .
brentwood , calif. -- as we begin the autopsy for boys r us -- the beer ' n ' boorishness , boobs ' n ' bang-bang , jeans ' n ' sneakers , rock ' n ' freaking roll pop culture that won the cold war -- it might be wise to [find out] a time of death .

Presenting this statistic without also saying the total number of convictions of crimes of each sort leaves the reader ill-equipped to determine what it really means .
presenting this statistic without also saying the total number of convictions of crimes of each sort leaves the reader ill-equipped to [find out] what it really means .

The Washington Post leads with President Clinton 's call for surveys to determine which cigarette brands underage smokers prefer .
the washington post leads with president clinton 's call for surveys to [find out] which cigarette brands underage smokers prefer .

The paper reports that the congressional investigation is trying to determine if the board was missing because the Chinese `` took '' it .
the paper reports that the congressional investigation is trying to [find out] if the board was missing because the chinese `` took '' it .

USAT also claims that lab analysts must determine `` whether the quality or quantity [ of semen ] is sufficient '' for accurate testing , meaning a legal break for the President might be an affront to his manhood .
usat also claims that lab analysts must [find out] `` whether the quality or quantity [ of semen ] is sufficient '' for accurate testing , meaning a legal break for the president might be an affront to his manhood .

Perhaps it is just as well , for only by the means available to modern science are we now able to preserve some of the artifacts that we find and , through radiocarbon dating , determine their approximate age .
perhaps it is just as well , for only by the means available to modern science are we now able to preserve some of the artifacts that we find and , through radiocarbon dating , [find out] their approximate age .

Schliemann , who discovered the site of Troy , used the evidence in Homer 's Iliad to determine his digging site , where any ruins had long since disappeared from view .
schliemann , who discovered the site of troy , used the evidence in homer 's iliad to [find out] his digging site , where any ruins had long since disappeared from view .

Another event that clearly illustrates how ideological conditions determine meanings of words in a dictionary occurred when the twentieth edition of the Duden dictionary came out .
another event that clearly illustrates how ideological conditions [find out] meanings of words in a dictionary occurred when the twentieth edition of the duden dictionary came out .

Indeed , the changing socio-political and historical conditions determine origin , currency , and extinctions of words as well as their meanings .
indeed , the changing socio-political and historical conditions [find out] origin , currency , and extinctions of words as well as their meanings .

Conversely , the words and meanings determine these conditions .
conversely , the words and meanings [find out] these conditions .

It might be possible to establish an equation to determine the Plausible Deniability Factor ( PDF ) of any statement .
it might be possible to establish an equation to [find out] the plausible deniability factor ( pdf ) of any statement .

By measuring the instantaneous value of quantities in the analog , we can determine the value of their analogous quantities in the object process .
by measuring the instantaneous value of quantities in the analog , we can [find out] the value of their analogous quantities in the object process .

Both count the oscillations to determine the passage of time and transform the analog signal into a digital one .
both count the oscillations to [find out] the passage of time and transform the analog signal into a digital one .

Submitted by ] About ¥50,000 of taxpayers ' money is being spent on a court case which has been brought in the Court of Appeal by the Attorney General , Sir Patrick Mayhew , to determine what the word obtained means in the context of the insider dealing laws .
submitted by ] about ¥50,000 of taxpayers ' money is being spent on a court case which has been brought in the court of appeal by the attorney general , sir patrick mayhew , to [find out] what the word obtained means in the context of the insider dealing laws .

It is a practice to be recommended for one or more of several reasons : one can often be spared reading through a boring , badly conceived , or abominably written work ; one can determine quite readily why the book was written and what its argument , or point , might be , then read the text to judge whether the author 's purpose has been carried out .
it is a practice to be recommended for one or more of several reasons : one can often be spared reading through a boring , badly conceived , or abominably written work ; one can [find out] quite readily why the book was written and what its argument , or point , might be , then read the text to judge whether the author 's purpose has been carried out .

At horse latitudes , the author has picked up the theory that it comes from “ golfo de las yeguas , ` gulf of the mares , ' which was the Spanish name for the ocean between Spain and the Canary Islands and compares the supposed fickleness of mares with the fickle winds in these latitudes. ” As far as I have been able to determine , golfo de las yeguas is a complete fiction , for there is no evidence for any such designation in any gazetteer that I could find nor at the Royal Geographical Society .
at horse latitudes , the author has picked up the theory that it comes from “ golfo de las yeguas , ` gulf of the mares , ' which was the spanish name for the ocean between spain and the canary islands and compares the supposed fickleness of mares with the fickle winds in these latitudes. ” as far as i have been able to [find out] , golfo de las yeguas is a complete fiction , for there is no evidence for any such designation in any gazetteer that i could find nor at the royal geographical society .

When will people learn that dictionaries are not the product of the collective imaginations of those who prepare them or the manifestations of the dreams of a single lexicographer but the result of lengthy , painstaking research to determine how the language is being used , the analysis and codification of the results , and then their organization into a usable reference source ?
when will people learn that dictionaries are not the product of the collective imaginations of those who prepare them or the manifestations of the dreams of a single lexicographer but the result of lengthy , painstaking research to [find out] how the language is being used , the analysis and codification of the results , and then their organization into a usable reference source ?

The next phase of my study was designed to determine how descriptive language is applied to wines .
the next phase of my study was designed to [find out] how descriptive language is applied to wines .

Although the editor mentions pronounceable acronyms in his Preface , users would be at a loss to determine that UN and R.A.F .
although the editor mentions pronounceable acronyms in his preface , users would be at a loss to [find out] that un and r.a.f .

Nor is it easy to determine its origins , although historically an argot known as pelting speech was employed by bands of ne'er-do-wells in Elizabethan England .
nor is it easy to [find out] its origins , although historically an argot known as pelting speech was employed by bands of ne'er-do-wells in elizabethan england .

Phrases like mutually agreed and were intermarried are plainly pompous rather than precise , as are removed for ` moved , ' determine for ` terminate , ' and many more .
phrases like mutually agreed and were intermarried are plainly pompous rather than precise , as are removed for ` moved , ' [find out] for ` terminate , ' and many more .

In various surveys conducted by dictionary publishers over the past years , it has emerged that the main use to which people put dictionaries is to find the correct spelling of a word ; the next most frequent use is to determine the meaning of a word ; determination of pronunciaton , etymology , synonyms , usage notes , and any other paraphernalia offered comes low on the list .
in various surveys conducted by dictionary publishers over the past years , it has emerged that the main use to which people put dictionaries is to find the correct spelling of a word ; the next most frequent use is to [find out] the meaning of a word ; determination of pronunciaton , etymology , synonyms , usage notes , and any other paraphernalia offered comes low on the list .

Since I am a degreed electrical engineer , I must do a lot of soul-searching to determine if any of my brother engineers and electricians should be offended .
since i am a degreed electrical engineer , i must do a lot of soul-searching to [find out] if any of my brother engineers and electricians should be offended .

Will ( 1917 ) is difficult to determine , and was soon abandoned .
will ( 1917 ) is difficult to [find out] , and was soon abandoned .

Unfortunately , there is no way one can determine the answer without having the 1984 edition to hand .
unfortunately , there is no way one can [find out] the answer without having the 1984 edition to hand .

On several occasions , while applying for visas to a certain Middle Eastern country , I have been asked to provide a baptismal certificate , presumably to determine whether I was Jewish or Christian , which happens to play an unofficial role in the entry practices of that particular country .
on several occasions , while applying for visas to a certain middle eastern country , i have been asked to provide a baptismal certificate , presumably to [find out] whether i was jewish or christian , which happens to play an unofficial role in the entry practices of that particular country .

How this exception to the rule occurred is impossible to determine , but it is not really difficult to imagine that it could easily have happened over the course of centuries of inter-marriage .
how this exception to the rule occurred is impossible to [find out] , but it is not really difficult to imagine that it could easily have happened over the course of centuries of inter-marriage .

Would he look into my trousers to determine my religion ?
would he look into my trousers to [find out] my religion ?

As in other British dictionaries , headwords are not syllabified , so one can not use dictionaries in England to determine where a word may be conventionally hyphenated .
as in other british dictionaries , headwords are not syllabified , so one can not use dictionaries in england to [find out] where a word may be conventionally hyphenated .

How much context can clarify meaning is difficult to determine , but it may help to recall that the three letter set has a multitude of meanings .
how much context can clarify meaning is difficult to [find out] , but it may help to recall that the three letter set has a multitude of meanings .

Analysis of these groups enables one to determine what might be called “ good ” as opposed to “ bad ” spoonerisms .
analysis of these groups enables one to [find out] what might be called “ good ” as opposed to “ bad ” spoonerisms .

The fact that a deaf person can determine a spoken phrase by reading lips demonstrates that the information is simultaneously being conveyed in two different ways .
the fact that a deaf person can [find out] a spoken phrase by reading lips demonstrates that the information is simultaneously being conveyed in two different ways .

In operation it would strip recognized suffixes and prefixes from words , check for the word root , and use rules stored in the program to determine whether the suffixes and prefixes were added correctly .
in operation it would strip recognized suffixes and prefixes from words , check for the word root , and use rules stored in the program to [find out] whether the suffixes and prefixes were added correctly .

