Hospital outpatient clinic diagnostic service for all costs in excess of $20 a patient .
hospital outpatient clinic [test] service for all costs in excess of $20 a patient .

Since interviewing is the basic therapeutic and diagnostic instrument of modern psychiatry , the recording of interviews for playbacks and study has been a boost of Redstone proportions in new research and training .
since interviewing is the basic therapeutic and [test] instrument of modern psychiatry , the recording of interviews for playbacks and study has been a boost of redstone proportions in new research and training .

And there was the case of Tom Hepker , a machinist , who was referred by a friend to a health machine quack who treated him with a so-called diagnostic machine for what Doctor Fraud said was a system full of arsenic and strychnine .
and there was the case of tom hepker , a machinist , who was referred by a friend to a health machine quack who treated him with a so-called [test] machine for what doctor fraud said was a system full of arsenic and strychnine .

Most orthodontists require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances , but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years .
most orthodontists require an initial payment to cover the cost of [test] materials and construction of the appliances , but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years .

Space was provided for short-time guest medical exhibits , and the Museum collected new accessions of microscopes , medical , surgical , and diagnostic instruments , uniform , and similar items of historical medico-military significance .
space was provided for short-time guest medical exhibits , and the museum collected new accessions of microscopes , medical , surgical , and [test] instruments , uniform , and similar items of historical medico-military significance .

Though there is obviously nothing new about these techniques , they do challenge the worker's skill to articulate them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and accurate diagnostic assessments .
though there is obviously nothing new about these techniques , they do challenge the worker's skill to articulate them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and accurate [test] assessments .

At certain critical stages , and only for sound diagnostic reasons , it may be important to accompany family members in their use of these resources if their problem-solving behavior is to be constructive rather than defeating .
at certain critical stages , and only for sound [test] reasons , it may be important to accompany family members in their use of these resources if their problem-solving behavior is to be constructive rather than defeating .

For example , the level of improvement noted in a recent experiment with a short course of immediate treatment for parent-child relationship problems compared favorably with the results reported by typical child guidance clinics where the hours spent in purely diagnostic study may equal or exceed the number of hours devoted to actual treatment interviews in the experimental project .
for example , the level of improvement noted in a recent experiment with a short course of immediate treatment for parent-child relationship problems compared favorably with the results reported by typical child guidance clinics where the hours spent in purely [test] study may equal or exceed the number of hours devoted to actual treatment interviews in the experimental project .

Sometimes he uses it as a subjective , descriptive term , and sometimes as an objective , diagnostic one .
sometimes he uses it as a subjective , descriptive term , and sometimes as an objective , [test] one .

When alienation is used as an objective and diagnostic category , for example , it becomes clear that Fromm would have to say that awareness of alienation goes far toward conquering it .
when alienation is used as an objective and [test] category , for example , it becomes clear that fromm would have to say that awareness of alienation goes far toward conquering it .

Housed in the extension will be most surgical and medical specialities , eight operating theatres , and some of the latest hi-tech diagnostic equipment as well as out-patient clinics .
housed in the extension will be most surgical and medical specialities , eight operating theatres , and some of the latest hi-tech [test] equipment as well as out-patient clinics .

Both male and female show broad white bars on the upper side of the wing in flight but several ducks display white patches of one kind or another and it is not a very useful diagnostic feature .
both male and female show broad white bars on the upper side of the wing in flight but several ducks display white patches of one kind or another and it is not a very useful [test] feature .

, for diagnostic or therapeutic use , and ( ii ) the study of the biological functions of the expressed products .
, for [test] or therapeutic use , and ( ii ) the study of the biological functions of the expressed products .

‘ Up until now people have had to travel to Middlesborough or Newcastle for this diagnostic treatment , ’ says chief technician , Mr Peter Barton .
‘ up until now people have had to travel to middlesborough or newcastle for this [test] treatment , ’ says chief technician , mr peter barton .

has been unwell for some time and has undergone many diagnostic tests .
has been unwell for some time and has undergone many [test] tests .

Chris Davey , business manager for diagnostic services at Darlington Memorial Hospital , said : ‘ This equipment is very important . ’
chris davey , business manager for [test] services at darlington memorial hospital , said : ‘ this equipment is very important . ’

This is a medical diagnostic tool .
this is a medical [test] tool .

This will inevitably lead to enormous erm help in diagnostic aids for medicine .
this will inevitably lead to enormous erm help in [test] aids for medicine .

The unit credit should in our view contain , or be accompanied by , such diagnostic and self-assessment materials , which can be made known to parents so that they can play a more informed and supportive part in promoting the education of their children .
the unit credit should in our view contain , or be accompanied by , such [test] and self-assessment materials , which can be made known to parents so that they can play a more informed and supportive part in promoting the education of their children .

As Robert Dingwall ( 1989 ) has argued , the definition of the problem has undergone considerable ‘ diagnostic inflation ’ and the growth of research' reflects the transformation of the original concerns to embrace virtually any problem which may have an adverse impact on a child and can possibly be attributed to some act of commission or omission by an adult' .
as robert dingwall ( 1989 ) has argued , the definition of the problem has undergone considerable ‘ [test] inflation ’ and the growth of research' reflects the transformation of the original concerns to embrace virtually any problem which may have an adverse impact on a child and can possibly be attributed to some act of commission or omission by an adult' .

It is particularly concerned that assessments should not falsely accuse parents and families on the basis of unproven diagnostic and predictive techniques .
it is particularly concerned that assessments should not falsely accuse parents and families on the basis of unproven [test] and predictive techniques .

The diagnostic criteria for ulcerative colitis and Crohn 's disease in the probands have been described .
the [test] criteria for ulcerative colitis and crohn 's disease in the probands have been described .

Which is why we 've developed our Ultra Sound Diagnostic Scanner to offer peace of mind to prospective parents .
which is why we 've developed our ultra sound [test] scanner to offer peace of mind to prospective parents .

These early pathographic analyses nevertheless started a wave of interest in the topic and subsequently stimulated many other medical writers to apply their diagnostic acumen to the problem .
these early pathographic analyses nevertheless started a wave of interest in the topic and subsequently stimulated many other medical writers to apply their [test] acumen to the problem .

It should be noted that the study just described did not focus especially on schizophrenia , the kinds of mental illness observed in the individuals surveyed covering a number of diagnostic categories , albeit mostly ones related in one or another to psychosis and probably reflecting a similar underlying disposition .
it should be noted that the study just described did not focus especially on schizophrenia , the kinds of mental illness observed in the individuals surveyed covering a number of [test] categories , albeit mostly ones related in one or another to psychosis and probably reflecting a similar underlying disposition .

It is more likely that what connects creativity to madness is some aspect of the thought styles which psychotic and original forms of thinking have in common and which , in the psychiatric domain , can be observed across the arbitrary diagnostic categories of psychosis .
it is more likely that what connects creativity to madness is some aspect of the thought styles which psychotic and original forms of thinking have in common and which , in the psychiatric domain , can be observed across the arbitrary [test] categories of psychosis .

Such tests are rarely used nowadays , possibly because the concepts of overinclusive and divergent thinking are so similar and , in themselves , have little diagnostic value for differentiating the mad from the merely original .
such tests are rarely used nowadays , possibly because the concepts of overinclusive and divergent thinking are so similar and , in themselves , have little [test] value for differentiating the mad from the merely original .

For that reason it is our intention to present , for all of our authors , explicit evidence that they did indeed meet the formal diagnostic criteria for psychotic illness , as used by psychiatrists .
for that reason it is our intention to present , for all of our authors , explicit evidence that they did indeed meet the formal [test] criteria for psychotic illness , as used by psychiatrists .

This will be done by giving for each subject a brief clinical case description , based on the application of a standard diagnostic schedule , to be described at the end of the chapter .
this will be done by giving for each subject a brief clinical case description , based on the application of a standard [test] schedule , to be described at the end of the chapter .

In the course of their analysis the authors determined the extent to which their proposed criteria agreed with those contained in other existing diagnostic schemes — some ten or twelve of them .
in the course of their analysis the authors determined the extent to which their proposed criteria agreed with those contained in other existing [test] schemes — some ten or twelve of them .

There is , therefore , a longitudinal dimension to the condition that makes it difficult to arrive at hard and fast diagnostic rules .
there is , therefore , a longitudinal dimension to the condition that makes it difficult to arrive at hard and fast [test] rules .

Another , quite separate , reason why the idea of watertight categories of psychosis has never seemed very plausible to psychologists stems from the difficulty of defining the outer boundaries of insanity and the existence of so-called ‘ borderline ’ disorders that carry the overall flavour of schizophrenia or manic-depression , but which are not severe enough to meet the diagnostic criteria for either .
another , quite separate , reason why the idea of watertight categories of psychosis has never seemed very plausible to psychologists stems from the difficulty of defining the outer boundaries of insanity and the existence of so-called ‘ borderline ’ disorders that carry the overall flavour of schizophrenia or manic-depression , but which are not severe enough to meet the [test] criteria for either .

In a Newcastle study , 55 patients who satisfied research diagnostic criteria for primary major depressive disorder were followed up until recovery from the episode , which lasted from four to 29 months .
in a newcastle study , 55 patients who satisfied research [test] criteria for primary major depressive disorder were followed up until recovery from the episode , which lasted from four to 29 months .

In-service courses proliferated , resource centres were established , publishers began to produce materials and a whole range of diagnostic tests was made available .
in-service courses proliferated , resource centres were established , publishers began to produce materials and a whole range of [test] tests was made available .

Control is exercised in terms of the rhetoric of a diagnostic relationship .
control is exercised in terms of the rhetoric of a [test] relationship .

While many language tests are relatively quick and easy to use , they do not generate the quality of information desirable for diagnostic statements or the formulation of remedial intervention strategies ( see Chapter 9 ) .
while many language tests are relatively quick and easy to use , they do not generate the quality of information desirable for [test] statements or the formulation of remedial intervention strategies ( see chapter 9 ) .

It is then up to the teacher or therapist to help the parents accept that an assessment may be useful as a way of helping the child without necessarily providing a diagnostic label or a clear statement regarding the child 's future .
it is then up to the teacher or therapist to help the parents accept that an assessment may be useful as a way of helping the child without necessarily providing a [test] label or a clear statement regarding the child 's future .

In medical books one can anticipate that a description of a disease will be decomposed into first a subsection on the etiology , then a subsection on the diagnostic signs , then a subsection on the treatment , and finally a subsection about prognosis .
in medical books one can anticipate that a description of a disease will be decomposed into first a subsection on the etiology , then a subsection on the [test] signs , then a subsection on the treatment , and finally a subsection about prognosis .

Hospital post-mortems , he goes on , are requested as a method of monitoring diagnostic technique and refining clinical skills .
hospital post-mortems , he goes on , are requested as a method of monitoring [test] technique and refining clinical skills .

His own diagnostic machine called the Dielectric Diagnostic Analyser , employs computerised biofeedback techniques to determine energy disturbances at cellular level .
his own [test] machine called the dielectric [test] analyser , employs computerised biofeedback techniques to determine energy disturbances at cellular level .

This comes in a smart folder which contains the Marking Kit , the User 's Guide and the Diagnostic Key .
this comes in a smart folder which contains the marking kit , the user 's guide and the [test] key .

Diagnostic task analysis is even more complex and may indeed be virtually impossible to complete .
[test] task analysis is even more complex and may indeed be virtually impossible to complete .

The range of diagnostic task difficulties for a control centre is shown in Table 1.10 .
the range of [test] task difficulties for a control centre is shown in table 1.10 .

His diagnostic task is somehow to differentiate between the information he is receiving which is false and that which is valid and follow this by the selection of a remedial strategy .
his [test] task is somehow to differentiate between the information he is receiving which is false and that which is valid and follow this by the selection of a remedial strategy .

The range of human tasks has already been indicated by the description of the extremes of procedural and diagnostic task analysis .
the range of human tasks has already been indicated by the description of the extremes of procedural and [test] task analysis .

Rutter ( 1979 ) devised an interview training programme for medical students involving a history taking scheme and two video-taped 15 minute diagnostic sessions one week apart , with discussion feedback based on a nine-point method of scoring information elicited .
rutter ( 1979 ) devised an interview training programme for medical students involving a history taking scheme and two video-taped 15 minute [test] sessions one week apart , with discussion feedback based on a nine-point method of scoring information elicited .

for example any diagnostic task can be aided by a taxonomy of symptoms and a taxonomy of causes together with connections between them .
for example any [test] task can be aided by a taxonomy of symptoms and a taxonomy of causes together with connections between them .

They constitute only some of the ingredients in the evaluation and diagnostic processes .
they constitute only some of the ingredients in the evaluation and [test] processes .

Candidates must hold a professional degree in Architecture , an advanced degree , and specialization in the detailed aspects of the building envelope including diagnostic problems and techniques .
candidates must hold a professional degree in architecture , an advanced degree , and specialization in the detailed aspects of the building envelope including [test] problems and techniques .

Kynaston had fulfilled his promise , but now he applied his diagnostic skills to the unrepining dead , whose eyes could n't implore him to offer hope , whose mouths could no longer cry out .
kynaston had fulfilled his promise , but now he applied his [test] skills to the unrepining dead , whose eyes could n't implore him to offer hope , whose mouths could no longer cry out .

And of course many candidates of seeming calibre failed one or another of the diagnostic tests …
and of course many candidates of seeming calibre failed one or another of the [test] tests …

The outline of its fibre-sinews flickered in viridian , while diagnostic ikons marched across the bottom of the screen .
the outline of its fibre-sinews flickered in viridian , while [test] ikons marched across the bottom of the screen .

Since others do not possess the experience or diagnostic expertise of the field officer ( except , in some cases , the discharger himself ) and since reporting is contingent upon the knowledge that there exist means for ‘ doing something about the problem ’ , it follows that the kinds of ‘ pollution ’ most frequently drawn to the agency 's attention are those where the pollution or its consequences are easily noticed and identifiable as ‘ abnormal ’ or ‘ unusual ’ .
since others do not possess the experience or [test] expertise of the field officer ( except , in some cases , the discharger himself ) and since reporting is contingent upon the knowledge that there exist means for ‘ doing something about the problem ’ , it follows that the kinds of ‘ pollution ’ most frequently drawn to the agency 's attention are those where the pollution or its consequences are easily noticed and identifiable as ‘ abnormal ’ or ‘ unusual ’ .

Prudence might suggest that we should dispense with subdivisions of oddness : they are not needed , for instance , in connection with most diagnostic frames ( see below ) .
prudence might suggest that we should dispense with subdivisions of oddness : they are not needed , for instance , in connection with most [test] frames ( see below ) .

The affinity between dog and cat reveals itself in the number of equi-status or near-equi-status traits they have in common ; and the differences between dog and cat appear more sharply when the affinity patterns are articulated in greater detail by means of diagnostic frames .
the affinity between dog and cat reveals itself in the number of equi-status or near-equi-status traits they have in common ; and the differences between dog and cat appear more sharply when the affinity patterns are articulated in greater detail by means of [test] frames .

An important diagnostic test for semantic constituency , and one which utilises one of the basic intuitive judgements introduced in the previous chapter , is the test of recurrent semantic contrast .
an important [test] test for semantic constituency , and one which utilises one of the basic intuitive judgements introduced in the previous chapter , is the test of recurrent semantic contrast .

We must now , therefore , consider in some detail the question of explicit diagnostic tests for ambiguity and generality .
we must now , therefore , consider in some detail the question of explicit [test] tests for ambiguity and generality .

There are other diagnostic tests for hyponymy which are either discriminatory but insufficiently general , or general but insufficiently discriminatory .
there are other [test] tests for hyponymy which are either discriminatory but insufficiently general , or general but insufficiently discriminatory .

As a diagnostic test for ambiguity , the ability to occupy more than one point in a proportional series is more reliable than , for instance , the mere possession of two different opposites . Both light ( dark and heavy ) and patient ( doctor and dentist ) can be said to have more than one opposite , but only with the former can we construct a cell :
as a [test] test for ambiguity , the ability to occupy more than one point in a proportional series is more reliable than , for instance , the mere possession of two different opposites . both light ( dark and heavy ) and patient ( doctor and dentist ) can be said to have more than one opposite , but only with the former can we construct a cell :

So silent viewing has a diagnostic function too .
so silent viewing has a [test] function too .

The sensitivity , specificity , and positive predictive values of all three diagnostic tests ( digital rectal examination , prostate specific antigen , and transrectal ultrasonography ) are too low to justify their use .
the sensitivity , specificity , and positive predictive values of all three [test] tests ( digital rectal examination , prostate specific antigen , and transrectal ultrasonography ) are too low to justify their use .

This conclusion demands that the cause-effect relation between simple renal cysts and any symptoms be specifically proved , at least by excluding other possible causes through appropriate diagnostic procedures .
this conclusion demands that the cause-effect relation between simple renal cysts and any symptoms be specifically proved , at least by excluding other possible causes through appropriate [test] procedures .

These changes occurred particularly in diagnostic services , which were excluded from our analysis .
these changes occurred particularly in [test] services , which were excluded from our analysis .

Always ask service engineers whether their diagnostic disks are ‘ clean ’ , or write-protected at the very least .
always ask service engineers whether their [test] disks are ‘ clean ’ , or write-protected at the very least .

We need to be vigilant , we need to continue to expand the diagnostic skill in recruitment .
we need to be vigilant , we need to continue to expand the [test] skill in recruitment .

Incidence of disease needs to be known for aetiological studies but is also important to those planning diagnostic services within the health service .
incidence of disease needs to be known for aetiological studies but is also important to those planning [test] services within the health service .

We obtained data from the information and statistics division on all patients aged less than 73 years with a diagnostic code of Alzheimer 's disease , senile dementia , presenile dementia , arteriosclerotic dementia , senile dementia with acute confusional state , or dementia unspecified attending all general psychiatric hospitals during 1974 to 1988 .
we obtained data from the information and statistics division on all patients aged less than 73 years with a [test] code of alzheimer 's disease , senile dementia , presenile dementia , arteriosclerotic dementia , senile dementia with acute confusional state , or dementia unspecified attending all general psychiatric hospitals during 1974 to 1988 .

We located 5874 hospital records , 1217 of which were for demented patients aged 40 to 64 years at presentation ; 707 records were either lost or contained insufficient information to apply the diagnostic criteria .
we located 5874 hospital records , 1217 of which were for demented patients aged 40 to 64 years at presentation ; 707 records were either lost or contained insufficient information to apply the [test] criteria .

These omission errors are small compared with the effects of changes in diagnostic criteria : rates in our broad class are more than double those in the probable class .
these omission errors are small compared with the effects of changes in [test] criteria : rates in our broad class are more than double those in the probable class .

Although our method of classification is novel and requires further validation , the main findings were unaffected by choice of diagnostic criteria .
although our method of classification is novel and requires further validation , the main findings were unaffected by choice of [test] criteria .

Diagnostic dilatation and curettage
[test] dilatation and curettage

The authors have shown that the traditional diagnostic curettage is becoming obsolete but have failed to identify the reason .
the authors have shown that the traditional [test] curettage is becoming obsolete but have failed to identify the reason .

Editor , — In response to Angela Coulter and colleagues ' study of the use of diagnostic dilatation and curettage Jane Weston and colleagues advocate that the procedure should be performed at the time of routine sterilisation procedures ‘ to exclude early pregnancy .
editor , — in response to angela coulter and colleagues ' study of the use of [test] dilatation and curettage jane weston and colleagues advocate that the procedure should be performed at the time of routine sterilisation procedures ‘ to exclude early pregnancy .

Editor , — We agree that the use of diagnostic dilatation and curettage in young women should be nationalised .
editor , — we agree that the use of [test] dilatation and curettage in young women should be nationalised .

Only one was admitted for diagnostic dilatation and curettage , which was performed as a day case procedure .
only one was admitted for [test] dilatation and curettage , which was performed as a day case procedure .

It has long been our practice to avoid performing diagnostic dilatation and curettage in young women if possible .
it has long been our practice to avoid performing [test] dilatation and curettage in young women if possible .

In 1984 an audit in the hospital of 200 consecutive women aged under 40 who underwent diagnostic dilatation and curettage showed no cases of endometrial carcinoma and only 16 cases of endometrial hyperplasia .
in 1984 an audit in the hospital of 200 consecutive women aged under 40 who underwent [test] dilatation and curettage showed no cases of endometrial carcinoma and only 16 cases of endometrial hyperplasia .

We therefore agree that the use of diagnostic dilatation and curettage in young women should be limited to those in whom important disease is suspected and that the procedure is necessary it should be accompanied by hysteroscopy .
we therefore agree that the use of [test] dilatation and curettage in young women should be limited to those in whom important disease is suspected and that the procedure is necessary it should be accompanied by hysteroscopy .

In patients with a macroadenoma ( > 1 cm in diameter ) of the pituitary a plasma prolactin concentration of > 4000 mU/l , > 6000 mU/l , or > 8000 mU/l has been reported to be diagnostic of a prolactin secreting adenoma .
in patients with a macroadenoma ( > 1 cm in diameter ) of the pituitary a plasma prolactin concentration of > 4000 mu/l , > 6000 mu/l , or > 8000 mu/l has been reported to be [test] of a prolactin secreting adenoma .

Diagnostic dilatation and curettage
[test] dilatation and curettage

Editor , — Angela Coulter and colleagues ' concern about overuse of diagnostic curettage and the potential cost savings have wide implications both for gynaecologists and general practitioners .
editor , — angela coulter and colleagues ' concern about overuse of [test] curettage and the potential cost savings have wide implications both for gynaecologists and general practitioners .

Editor , — The incidence of deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism in diagnostic laparoscopy is low .
editor , — the incidence of deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism in [test] laparoscopy is low .

Although there are many other causes of coprolalia , the essential diagnostic criteria for the diagnosis of Tourette 's syndrome is the onset , before the age of 21 , of multiple motor and one or more vocal tics , which have recurred frequently and persisted for more than a year .
although there are many other causes of coprolalia , the essential [test] criteria for the diagnosis of tourette 's syndrome is the onset , before the age of 21 , of multiple motor and one or more vocal tics , which have recurred frequently and persisted for more than a year .

Others , especially those with an interest in the psychodynamics of the doctor-patient relationship , have argued that such situations present diagnostic opportunities fully exploitable only by doctors aware of their patients ' relationships with those about them , and their previous behaviour and reactions .
others , especially those with an interest in the psychodynamics of the doctor-patient relationship , have argued that such situations present [test] opportunities fully exploitable only by doctors aware of their patients ' relationships with those about them , and their previous behaviour and reactions .

Patients admitted to the casualty department with disordered behaviour present a considerable diagnostic challenge .
patients admitted to the casualty department with disordered behaviour present a considerable [test] challenge .

Psychiatric symptoms , however , are poor diagnostic discriminators .
psychiatric symptoms , however , are poor [test] discriminators .

Patients admitted to casualty departments with acutely disturbed behaviour present a major diagnostic challenge .
patients admitted to casualty departments with acutely disturbed behaviour present a major [test] challenge .

Diagnostic lumbar puncture and administration of antibiotics were delayed while cerebral computed tomography was performed .
[test] lumbar puncture and administration of antibiotics were delayed while cerebral computed tomography was performed .

The phrase ‘ a recognised diagnostic pointer ’ was not our own and was perhaps an unfortunate choice by the technical editor .
the phrase ‘ a recognised [test] pointer ’ was not our own and was perhaps an unfortunate choice by the technical editor .

For example , the informal decision making that is a component of ‘ surgical signatures ’ and ‘ practice style ’ can be made explicit by use of clinical judgment analysis and related techniques , which set the basis for variations in diagnostic and therapeutic judgment on a statistically firm footing .
for example , the informal decision making that is a component of ‘ surgical signatures ’ and ‘ practice style ’ can be made explicit by use of clinical judgment analysis and related techniques , which set the basis for variations in [test] and therapeutic judgment on a statistically firm footing .

Clinical judgment analysis and related approaches have allowed us to probe why doctors ' diagnostic and therapeutic decisions vary , what is really meant by a treatment success , and what it is that patients really value ( and fear ) about the treatments they are given .
clinical judgment analysis and related approaches have allowed us to probe why doctors ' [test] and therapeutic decisions vary , what is really meant by a treatment success , and what it is that patients really value ( and fear ) about the treatments they are given .

We have suggested further examination of the role of the oximeter as a diagnostic and screening tool .
we have suggested further examination of the role of the oximeter as a [test] and screening tool .

Among the 50 children diagnosed with leukaemia , no suggestion of an unusual distribution of leukaemic subtypes was found , although diagnostic information in the form of chromosome studies and cell markers became available only in recent years .
among the 50 children diagnosed with leukaemia , no suggestion of an unusual distribution of leukaemic subtypes was found , although [test] information in the form of chromosome studies and cell markers became available only in recent years .

Several factors are described as contributing to the diagnostic delay — presence of serious concurrent injuries and paucity of pathognomonic clinical signs ; simultaneous lung injuries may mask or mimic the diagnosis radiologically .
several factors are described as contributing to the [test] delay — presence of serious concurrent injuries and paucity of pathognomonic clinical signs ; simultaneous lung injuries may mask or mimic the diagnosis radiologically .

Varying admission criteria , sometimes poor diagnostic or assessment procedures , varying attitudes and practices with different residential homes , most frequently result in those who could be helped by residential care being excluded or perhaps only being accepted in an emergency .
varying admission criteria , sometimes poor [test] or assessment procedures , varying attitudes and practices with different residential homes , most frequently result in those who could be helped by residential care being excluded or perhaps only being accepted in an emergency .

16 patients with sarcoidosis who had undergone diagnostic biopsy of lung , skin , or lymph node and 16 patients with squamous cell carcinoma or Hodgkin 's disease to act as controls .
16 patients with sarcoidosis who had undergone [test] biopsy of lung , skin , or lymph node and 16 patients with squamous cell carcinoma or hodgkin 's disease to act as controls .

To assess whether diagnostic imaging of pyloric stenosis has made a difference in rapidity of diagnosis , duration of pre-operative hydration , and length of stay in hospital .
to assess whether [test] imaging of pyloric stenosis has made a difference in rapidity of diagnosis , duration of pre-operative hydration , and length of stay in hospital .

An increased use of diagnostic imaging for pyloric stenosis did not lead to earlier diagnosis or better management .
an increased use of [test] imaging for pyloric stenosis did not lead to earlier diagnosis or better management .

Visible gastric peristalsis is a supportive finding , while palpation of an olive shaped mass in the right upper quadrant of the infant 's abdomen is diagnostic .
visible gastric peristalsis is a supportive finding , while palpation of an olive shaped mass in the right upper quadrant of the infant 's abdomen is [test] .

It has been recommended that radiologicial examination should be reserved for patients who present with confusing or indistinct diagnostic features .
it has been recommended that radiologicial examination should be reserved for patients who present with confusing or indistinct [test] features .

Each patient 's record was reviewed to obtain the following information : age and sex ; history ; state of hydration on admission ; whether a pyloric mass was felt ; whether a test feed was given during abdominal examination ; and whether any diagnostic imaging was used .
each patient 's record was reviewed to obtain the following information : age and sex ; history ; state of hydration on admission ; whether a pyloric mass was felt ; whether a test feed was given during abdominal examination ; and whether any [test] imaging was used .

Diagnostic imaging
[test] imaging

Combinations of diagnostic methods
combinations of [test] methods

The high proportion of false negative results obtained emphasises that imaging studies on infants are best done by those who perform them regularly and have developed skill in paediatric diagnostic imaging .
the high proportion of false negative results obtained emphasises that imaging studies on infants are best done by those who perform them regularly and have developed skill in paediatric [test] imaging .

The high standard of diagnostic imaging skills at our hospital has led to a decreased reliance on clinical findings .
the high standard of [test] imaging skills at our hospital has led to a decreased reliance on clinical findings .

Secondly , there is a temptation to attach a diagnostic label to each condition so that it fits neatly on the problem list .
secondly , there is a temptation to attach a [test] label to each condition so that it fits neatly on the problem list .

This occurred for a number of reasons : laparoscopy became a widely used diagnostic tool , with diagnosis no longer being restricted to patients with disease severe enough to warrant laparotomy , and gynaecologists became aware of the myriad visual appearances of endometriosis which represent evolution of the disease through visually distinct stages to the relatively inactive classic blue-black lesions .
this occurred for a number of reasons : laparoscopy became a widely used [test] tool , with diagnosis no longer being restricted to patients with disease severe enough to warrant laparotomy , and gynaecologists became aware of the myriad visual appearances of endometriosis which represent evolution of the disease through visually distinct stages to the relatively inactive classic blue-black lesions .

Vessey and colleagues are unfortunate that over the period of their study the goal posts have moved significantly , with a greater use of laparoscopy as a diagnostic tool and a change in our understanding of what visually constitutes the diagnosis of endometriosis .
vessey and colleagues are unfortunate that over the period of their study the goal posts have moved significantly , with a greater use of laparoscopy as a [test] tool and a change in our understanding of what visually constitutes the diagnosis of endometriosis .

At a recent meeting of the North West London Dermatology Audit Group we examined the diagnostic accuracy of general practitioners ' referral letters to one dermatological department in a London teaching hospital .
at a recent meeting of the north west london dermatology audit group we examined the [test] accuracy of general practitioners ' referral letters to one dermatological department in a london teaching hospital .

In only 28 cases ( 40 % ) did the general practitioner offer a diagnosis , and in only 18 cases was the diagnosis correct — a diagnostic accuracy of 27 % .
in only 28 cases ( 40 % ) did the general practitioner offer a diagnosis , and in only 18 cases was the diagnosis correct — a [test] accuracy of 27 % .

It is , of course , possible that general practitioners refer only difficult cases for a specialist opinion , but most of these patients were not particularly complex from the diagnostic point of view .
it is , of course , possible that general practitioners refer only difficult cases for a specialist opinion , but most of these patients were not particularly complex from the [test] point of view .

As in any other specialty , the transition from guesswork to proper science depends on a range of hospital based diagnostic services such as immunofluorescence , mycology , patch testing , and photo testing , and on close liaison with the pathology department .
as in any other specialty , the transition from guesswork to proper science depends on a range of hospital based [test] services such as immunofluorescence , mycology , patch testing , and photo testing , and on close liaison with the pathology department .

There was no significant difference between medical and non-medical team members in their diagnostic performance compared with the research psychiatrists .
there was no significant difference between medical and non-medical team members in their [test] performance compared with the research psychiatrists .

Increased diagnostic accuracy by team members was associated with longer experience of team working , regardless of the team members ' professional background .
increased [test] accuracy by team members was associated with longer experience of team working , regardless of the team members ' professional background .

This study shows that the psychiatric diagnoses made by these multidisciplinary psychogeriatric teams are very similar to those arrived at by formal research diagnostic assessment and review by psychogeriatricians .
this study shows that the psychiatric diagnoses made by these multidisciplinary psychogeriatric teams are very similar to those arrived at by formal research [test] assessment and review by psychogeriatricians .

Of course , psychiatric diagnosis is not an error free process , and it is possible that in a proportion of the cases where there was diagnostic disagreement it was the research assessment that was in error ; it should be noted that in some cases the research psychiatrists could not agree among themselves on the diagnosis .
of course , psychiatric diagnosis is not an error free process , and it is possible that in a proportion of the cases where there was [test] disagreement it was the research assessment that was in error ; it should be noted that in some cases the research psychiatrists could not agree among themselves on the diagnosis .

Secondly , this is not a comparative evaluation of different models of service , since the standardised diagnostic assessment carried out in this study by the research psychiatrist is not the same process of assessment that occurs in domiciliary visits performed by psychogeriatricians in more traditional services .
secondly , this is not a comparative evaluation of different models of service , since the standardised [test] assessment carried out in this study by the research psychiatrist is not the same process of assessment that occurs in domiciliary visits performed by psychogeriatricians in more traditional services .

In this study there was no significant difference in the diagnostic performance of doctors and non-doctors ; in fact , this study indicates that the team members ' experience of working in the community team is a more important determinant of diagnostic accuracy than their professional background .
in this study there was no significant difference in the [test] performance of doctors and non-doctors ; in fact , this study indicates that the team members ' experience of working in the community team is a more important determinant of [test] accuracy than their professional background .

The role of the consultant psychogeriatrician in this service is different from that in the conventional model ; rather than being the principal performer of the initial diagnostic assessments , he or she is directly involved in assessing only dubious , difficult , and urgent cases .
the role of the consultant psychogeriatrician in this service is different from that in the conventional model ; rather than being the principal performer of the initial [test] assessments , he or she is directly involved in assessing only dubious , difficult , and urgent cases .

We learnt prenatal diagnostic methods ( screening of α fetoprotein concentration , triple testing , etc ) from experts in Britain and have helped to develop new primary preventive methods .
we learnt prenatal [test] methods ( screening of α fetoprotein concentration , triple testing , etc ) from experts in britain and have helped to develop new primary preventive methods .

Thus to analyse general practitioners ' referrals solely on the grounds of diagnostic accuracy is to give an incomplete picture of why patients are referred to outpatient clinics .
thus to analyse general practitioners ' referrals solely on the grounds of [test] accuracy is to give an incomplete picture of why patients are referred to outpatient clinics .

Russell Jones 's comments regarding the practice of good dermatology and the requirements of ‘ adequate eyesight and clinical expertise ’ backed up by hospital based diagnostic and therapeutic facilities raise questions about why dermatologists often have a monopoly of these facilities and whether general practitioners should have open access to these facilities .
russell jones 's comments regarding the practice of good dermatology and the requirements of ‘ adequate eyesight and clinical expertise ’ backed up by hospital based [test] and therapeutic facilities raise questions about why dermatologists often have a monopoly of these facilities and whether general practitioners should have open access to these facilities .

Bryan 's aim was to wean us off complete reliance on precise diagnostic features , and to get us to concentrate on the ‘ Personality ’ of each species ; on the way it holds itself , feeds , moves , calls ; its general behaviour and first glance appearance — ‘ jizz ’ for short .
bryan 's aim was to wean us off complete reliance on precise [test] features , and to get us to concentrate on the ‘ personality ’ of each species ; on the way it holds itself , feeds , moves , calls ; its general behaviour and first glance appearance — ‘ jizz ’ for short .

Grey plover : ash grey with feathers white-tipped , the diagnostic dark patch of feathers beneath its wings .
grey plover : ash grey with feathers white-tipped , the [test] dark patch of feathers beneath its wings .

‘ Short tail , ’ pronounced an expert , ‘ diagnostic feature of the wood lark .
‘ short tail , ’ pronounced an expert , ‘ [test] feature of the wood lark .

The section extends not only to treatment , but also to diagnostic procedures : see subsection ( 2 ) .
the section extends not only to treatment , but also to [test] procedures : see subsection ( 2 ) .

It should be emphasised , however , that a recurrent and persistent pattern of many of these items is a much more accurate diagnostic indicator of addictive ; ease than noticing the smell of alcohol , looking for episodes of unkennels or examining for constriction of the pupils or other signs drug use .
it should be emphasised , however , that a recurrent and persistent pattern of many of these items is a much more accurate [test] indicator of addictive ; ease than noticing the smell of alcohol , looking for episodes of unkennels or examining for constriction of the pupils or other signs drug use .

This is the crucial diagnostic feature .
this is the crucial [test] feature .

In this regard they are a vital element in the system and serve two very important functions : they provide a basic general education in art and design and thus constitute a valuable educational experience in their own right ; and they are diagnostic in that they enable students to determine their abilities and select further courses of specialist study .
in this regard they are a vital element in the system and serve two very important functions : they provide a basic general education in art and design and thus constitute a valuable educational experience in their own right ; and they are [test] in that they enable students to determine their abilities and select further courses of specialist study .

District hospital — surgical and medical services , diagnostic services , para-medical services , pre-natal advice and others .
district hospital — surgical and medical services , [test] services , para-medical services , pre-natal advice and others .

Whether these things are achieved by surgery , or by drugs , or by nursing care , or by modern diagnostic apparatus is , for many people , a matter of secondary importance .
whether these things are achieved by surgery , or by drugs , or by nursing care , or by modern [test] apparatus is , for many people , a matter of secondary importance .

Finally , patients irradiated in the course of frequently repeated diagnostic examination or during treatment of their diseases by radiotherapy can be studied .
finally , patients irradiated in the course of frequently repeated [test] examination or during treatment of their diseases by radiotherapy can be studied .

The highest human-derived contribution to global collective dose is caused by the medical uses of radiation , and in particular by diagnostic X-ray procedures .
the highest human-derived contribution to global collective dose is caused by the medical uses of radiation , and in particular by [test] x-ray procedures .

Diagnostic radiology is growing at a rate of between 5 and 15 per cent per year in many technically developed countries which , together with the rapid growth rate expected in developing countries , will lead to substantial increases in the global dose commitment in the future .
[test] radiology is growing at a rate of between 5 and 15 per cent per year in many technically developed countries which , together with the rapid growth rate expected in developing countries , will lead to substantial increases in the global dose commitment in the future .

Tundra vegetation includes a greater variety and profusion of algae , lichens , liverworts and mosses than polar deserts , but a more striking and diagnostic difference is the variety and form of angiosperms , notably low shrubs , herbs and grasses .
tundra vegetation includes a greater variety and profusion of algae , lichens , liverworts and mosses than polar deserts , but a more striking and [test] difference is the variety and form of angiosperms , notably low shrubs , herbs and grasses .

Other communities , less diagnostic but equally representing the tundra , occur in less optimal conditions .
other communities , less [test] but equally representing the tundra , occur in less optimal conditions .

’ He indicated a diagnostic panel , where several red lights had begun to blink in confirmation of his words .
’ he indicated a [test] panel , where several red lights had begun to blink in confirmation of his words .

Immediately , the blinking red lights on the diagnostic panel were replaced by steady green indicators .
immediately , the blinking red lights on the [test] panel were replaced by steady green indicators .

’ The Doctor sat on one of the medlab 's empty diagnostic beds , and drew his legs up into the lotus position .
’ the doctor sat on one of the medlab 's empty [test] beds , and drew his legs up into the lotus position .

She was sitting on a diagnostic bed in what was obviously a medlab of some kind .
she was sitting on a [test] bed in what was obviously a medlab of some kind .

When the protagonist goes for ‘ psychoscopy ’ , we are given an illustration in concrete terms of how the diagnostic tools of this society condition their object :
when the protagonist goes for ‘ psychoscopy ’ , we are given an illustration in concrete terms of how the [test] tools of this society condition their object :

The practice will be able to use any savings from the fund for your benefit — for example , in employing another nurse or buying new diagnostic equipment for the surgery .
the practice will be able to use any savings from the fund for your benefit — for example , in employing another nurse or buying new [test] equipment for the surgery .

Indeed in some disciplines , such as diagnostic speech therapy and psychiatry , it would be difficult to provide the service other than through a bilingual professional because so much of the information needed is contained in the language usage .
indeed in some disciplines , such as [test] speech therapy and psychiatry , it would be difficult to provide the service other than through a bilingual professional because so much of the information needed is contained in the language usage .

It is certain , however , that the sequence includes mosaics whose distribution is more widespread than that of the concentric circular designs , and whose designs are more diagnostic than those of the simple geometric mosaics .
it is certain , however , that the sequence includes mosaics whose distribution is more widespread than that of the concentric circular designs , and whose designs are more [test] than those of the simple geometric mosaics .

However , together , these pavements are too few and too poorly recorded to be considered the diagnostic mosaics of this group .
however , together , these pavements are too few and too poorly recorded to be considered the [test] mosaics of this group .

In addition , all but the Ashcroft mosaic feature a variety of `` veneered rhomboid `` — a diagnostic motif in Romano-British mosaic which suggests , for four pavements at least , the presence of the same craftsman , ( similar rhomboids are visible , in stylised form , in the Hare mosaic ( pI .
in addition , all but the ashcroft mosaic feature a variety of `` veneered rhomboid `` — a [test] motif in romano-british mosaic which suggests , for four pavements at least , the presence of the same craftsman , ( similar rhomboids are visible , in stylised form , in the hare mosaic ( pi .

Between the forms which accommodate features diagnostic of an individual workshop and those which show only a structural similarity to other mosaics in the region , a picture of the developments of patterns in the wider context of south-western England emerges .
between the forms which accommodate features [test] of an individual workshop and those which show only a structural similarity to other mosaics in the region , a picture of the developments of patterns in the wider context of south-western england emerges .

Their location in the trachea and bronchi and their size are diagnostic .
their location in the trachea and bronchi and their size are [test] .

Species : Oslerus osleri Distribution : Worldwide Small , pale , slender worms , up to 1.5 cm long ; the site and lesions are diagnostic .
species : oslerus osleri distribution : worldwide small , pale , slender worms , up to 1.5 cm long ; the site and lesions are [test] .

Machines are the direct products of living objects ; they derive their complexity and design from living objects , and they are diagnostic of the existence of life on a planet .
machines are the direct products of living objects ; they derive their complexity and design from living objects , and they are [test] of the existence of life on a planet .

This has since been supported by an important report from the Battelle Institute in Geneva which broadly suggests that if products such as cars or powerpacks were designed to last for 20 years not only would energy and materials be conserved , but about 65 per cent more work would be created and the jobs would be the interesting , fiddling , diagnostic type jobs that human beings love doing .
this has since been supported by an important report from the battelle institute in geneva which broadly suggests that if products such as cars or powerpacks were designed to last for 20 years not only would energy and materials be conserved , but about 65 per cent more work would be created and the jobs would be the interesting , fiddling , [test] type jobs that human beings love doing .

The first ( and most diagnostic ) is the presence of bedding — not a duvet and pillows , but rather grass , dead leaves or other vegetation that the occupants have collected to cushion and insulate their chambers .
the first ( and most [test] ) is the presence of bedding — not a duvet and pillows , but rather grass , dead leaves or other vegetation that the occupants have collected to cushion and insulate their chambers .

They differed in the seemingly trivial but nonetheless diagnostic character of having not one but two pairs of antennae on their heads .
they differed in the seemingly trivial but nonetheless [test] character of having not one but two pairs of antennae on their heads .

By the end of the book , `` culture `` has become a metaphor for some kind of Bradleyan unity to which we may aspire but which we can never reach ; idealism consorts oddly with Eliot 's sociology , however , and it is not at all clear if `` culture `` is a neutral term used to describe the whole way of life of a people or if it is being employed as a diagnostic tool to evaluate the various standards and aspirations of a society .
by the end of the book , `` culture `` has become a metaphor for some kind of bradleyan unity to which we may aspire but which we can never reach ; idealism consorts oddly with eliot 's sociology , however , and it is not at all clear if `` culture `` is a neutral term used to describe the whole way of life of a people or if it is being employed as a [test] tool to evaluate the various standards and aspirations of a society .

The role of diagnostic and therapeutic cardiac angiography has evolved rapidly over the past decade , particularly in the context of acute coronary occlusion .
the role of [test] and therapeutic cardiac angiography has evolved rapidly over the past decade , particularly in the context of acute coronary occlusion .

Although the role of diagnostic angiography has been defined in the investigation of angina , there remain areas of controversy in unstable angina and early evolving infarction .
although the role of [test] angiography has been defined in the investigation of angina , there remain areas of controversy in unstable angina and early evolving infarction .

Diagnostic features of different types of sickle cell disease .
[test] features of different types of sickle cell disease .

There is no reliable diagnostic test for it in the living animal .
there is no reliable [test] test for it in the living animal .

She therefore engages in a diagnostic experiment of identifying historically distinct meanings of the concept in order to use them as a measure against contemporary political usage .
she therefore engages in a [test] experiment of identifying historically distinct meanings of the concept in order to use them as a measure against contemporary political usage .

Three chose not to complete the diagnostic process .
three chose not to complete the [test] process .

In addition , diagnostic delay causes considerable distress to families and may result in subsequent bitterness if the child 's symptoms are not taken seriously by family or health professionals or if a second affected boy is born .
in addition , [test] delay causes considerable distress to families and may result in subsequent bitterness if the child 's symptoms are not taken seriously by family or health professionals or if a second affected boy is born .

Should the screening test result be confirmed the family are offered genetic counselling and the opportunity to further the diagnostic process , initially by molecular genetic mutation analysis and subsequently by muscle biopsy and dystrophin analysis .
should the screening test result be confirmed the family are offered genetic counselling and the opportunity to further the [test] process , initially by molecular genetic mutation analysis and subsequently by muscle biopsy and dystrophin analysis .

This permits future informed reproductive planning , avoids diagnostic complications and delays , and allows planning of care for the affected boy .
this permits future informed reproductive planning , avoids [test] complications and delays , and allows planning of care for the affected boy .

An effective general practitioner must have counselling skills to elicit important diagnostic information and manage consultations appropriately .
an effective general practitioner must have counselling skills to elicit important [test] information and manage consultations appropriately .

Diagnostic skills
[test] skills

Both diagnostic and tactical skills depend on what we have traditionally called political acumen — a combination of listening and observation skills , with a heightened capacity to predict likely behavioural outcomes .
both [test] and tactical skills depend on what we have traditionally called political acumen — a combination of listening and observation skills , with a heightened capacity to predict likely behavioural outcomes .

Endometriosis is a fascinating example of how a new diagnostic technique has transformed the understanding of a disease .
endometriosis is a fascinating example of how a new [test] technique has transformed the understanding of a disease .

Changes in social habits , which increase exposure of the pelvis to menstruum , and a new diagnostic technique may therefore have combined to create an increase in the incidence of endometriosis .
changes in social habits , which increase exposure of the pelvis to menstruum , and a new [test] technique may therefore have combined to create an increase in the incidence of endometriosis .

Many older patients who probably neither had asthma nor died of asthma may be being entered into the statistics for asthma mortality because of inappropriate use of the word asthma on death certificates , diagnostic transfer , or coding changes .
many older patients who probably neither had asthma nor died of asthma may be being entered into the statistics for asthma mortality because of inappropriate use of the word asthma on death certificates , [test] transfer , or coding changes .

Competition among them has been intense in the past decade as a result of the switch to reimbursement based on diagnostic related groups rather than historic costs , a difficult regulatory environment aimed at reducing short stay hospital capacity and at cost containment , and a much tougher climate for research funding .
competition among them has been intense in the past decade as a result of the switch to reimbursement based on [test] related groups rather than historic costs , a difficult regulatory environment aimed at reducing short stay hospital capacity and at cost containment , and a much tougher climate for research funding .

The analyses covered a variety of diagnostic groups , age groups , and periods .
the analyses covered a variety of [test] groups , age groups , and periods .

Although the data are not directly comparable with those in previously published analyses , they are nevertheless subject to the major criticism of the studies discussed in the Black report — namely , that the results were vitiated by biased selection of diagnostic groups , age groups , calendar periods , and areas .
although the data are not directly comparable with those in previously published analyses , they are nevertheless subject to the major criticism of the studies discussed in the black report — namely , that the results were vitiated by biased selection of [test] groups , age groups , calendar periods , and areas .

In planning our analyses we were concerned to avoid the biases that affected the analyses of the period up to and including 1983 ; it was agreed in advance , at a meeting of a working group of the Committee on Medical Aspects of Radiation in the Environment , that the principal hypothesis to be tested should be that ‘ no excess of leukaemia or other cancer in 0–24 year olds has occurred in the area of the Sellafield plant from 1984 to the present , and that the diagnostic groups , areas , and calendar periods to be analysed should be these set out below .
in planning our analyses we were concerned to avoid the biases that affected the analyses of the period up to and including 1983 ; it was agreed in advance , at a meeting of a working group of the committee on medical aspects of radiation in the environment , that the principal hypothesis to be tested should be that ‘ no excess of leukaemia or other cancer in 0–24 year olds has occurred in the area of the sellafield plant from 1984 to the present , and that the [test] groups , areas , and calendar periods to be analysed should be these set out below .

diagnostic groups
[test] groups

In planning this report it was agreed that the analyses would cover both total malignant disease around Sellafield and also several individual diagnostic groups .
in planning this report it was agreed that the analyses would cover both total malignant disease around sellafield and also several individual [test] groups .

Diagnostic group ( a ) was chosen in the light of discussions in the report on Dounreay ( paras 2.27–2.30 ) and of the conclusion of the working group that acute lymphoblastic leukaemia could be adequately distinguished from other leukaemia in our data .
[test] group ( a ) was chosen in the light of discussions in the report on dounreay ( paras 2.27–2.30 ) and of the conclusion of the working group that acute lymphoblastic leukaemia could be adequately distinguished from other leukaemia in our data .

Details of the methods of ascertainment of cases and verification of diagnostic and other information have been published elsewhere .
details of the methods of ascertainment of cases and verification of [test] and other information have been published elsewhere .

The data collection study also ascertains cases of leukaemia and lymphoma directly from diagnostic sources within hospitals in its study areas , and these are crosschecked with cancer registration records ; ascertainment for these diagnostic groups is believed to be virtually complete .
the data collection study also ascertains cases of leukaemia and lymphoma directly from [test] sources within hospitals in its study areas , and these are crosschecked with cancer registration records ; ascertainment for these [test] groups is believed to be virtually complete .

These probabilities are low and support the findings of the Black report , though they exaggerate the significance of the findings because there was no prior hypothesis , formulated independently of the observed data , in determining the diagnostic groups , age groups , periods , or area to be studied .
these probabilities are low and support the findings of the black report , though they exaggerate the significance of the findings because there was no prior hypothesis , formulated independently of the observed data , in determining the [test] groups , age groups , periods , or area to be studied .

As explained in the introduction , the diagnostic groups , age groups , calendar periods , and areas to be analysed were agreed in advance of the analyses being carried out .
as explained in the introduction , the [test] groups , age groups , calendar periods , and areas to be analysed were agreed in advance of the analyses being carried out .

Firstly , the results may simply be due to chance since a search for clusters is likely to reveal some spatial aggregations of cases even if there is no causal explanation : this is particularly true if the age groups , areas , calendar periods , and diagnostic groups to be studied are not specified in advance .
firstly , the results may simply be due to chance since a search for clusters is likely to reveal some spatial aggregations of cases even if there is no causal explanation : this is particularly true if the age groups , areas , calendar periods , and [test] groups to be studied are not specified in advance .

By helping general practitioners to be more selective in their use of diagnostic radiology the guidelines reduced the rate of referral and thus patients ' exposure to radiation .
by helping general practitioners to be more selective in their use of [test] radiology the guidelines reduced the rate of referral and thus patients ' exposure to radiation .

These recommendations are supported by the results of several studies showing that practitioners generally use unrestricted access to diagnostic radiology responsibly and with discrimination .
these recommendations are supported by the results of several studies showing that practitioners generally use unrestricted access to [test] radiology responsibly and with discrimination .

This figure may be even lower in future following the publication , early next year , of a revised edition of the guidelines which will include a new section on diagnostic ultrasonography .
this figure may be even lower in future following the publication , early next year , of a revised edition of the guidelines which will include a new section on [test] ultrasonography .

Diagnostic .
[test] .

Computer talents such as selective input , timing , randomization , patience , diagnostic design , are useful .
computer talents such as selective input , timing , randomization , patience , [test] design , are useful .

As mentioned previously , it is probably unwise to build stand-alone diagnostic systems that are independent of teacher-control .
as mentioned previously , it is probably unwise to build stand-alone [test] systems that are independent of teacher-control .

The designer and teacher need to discuss the level of diagnostic help program support may supply .
the designer and teacher need to discuss the level of [test] help program support may supply .

The diagnostic purpose is particularly important and is best exemplified by a discussion of miscue analysis .
the [test] purpose is particularly important and is best exemplified by a discussion of miscue analysis .

Miscue analysis is a way of listening to children read aloud for diagnostic purposes , originated by Kenneth Goodman ( 1969 ) , and incorporating a psycholinguistic approach .
miscue analysis is a way of listening to children read aloud for [test] purposes , originated by kenneth goodman ( 1969 ) , and incorporating a psycholinguistic approach .

Parent help allows for more reading aloud time and liberates the teacher to do more diagnostic work . ``
parent help allows for more reading aloud time and liberates the teacher to do more [test] work . ``

In addition , the computer would run reading and diagnostic tests , offer remedial programmes and keep complete records of child attainment .
in addition , the computer would run reading and [test] tests , offer remedial programmes and keep complete records of child attainment .

Questions set on these lines have good diagnostic potential .
questions set on these lines have good [test] potential .

This can be difficult to organize and may not be of great use to the teacher either in planning lessons or in providing feedback for diagnostic purposes .
this can be difficult to organize and may not be of great use to the teacher either in planning lessons or in providing feedback for [test] purposes .

There are occasions when teachers would want detailed feedback for diagnostic purposes or to evaluate their teaching , but an assessment scheme which is tightly based on a large number of criteria would compel teachers to work to them even when it might not be appropriate to do so .
there are occasions when teachers would want detailed feedback for [test] purposes or to evaluate their teaching , but an assessment scheme which is tightly based on a large number of criteria would compel teachers to work to them even when it might not be appropriate to do so .

However , formative uses of criterion-referencing , given for diagnostic purposes for example , and at the convenience of the teacher rather than of the scheme , may be very valuable in a classroom .
however , formative uses of criterion-referencing , given for [test] purposes for example , and at the convenience of the teacher rather than of the scheme , may be very valuable in a classroom .

Patients presenting with metastasis of unknown origin have a mean life expectancy of only four months so most diagnostic methods occupy a large proportion of the patient 's remaining life and identification of the primary site only rarely influences the choice of treatment .
patients presenting with metastasis of unknown origin have a mean life expectancy of only four months so most [test] methods occupy a large proportion of the patient 's remaining life and identification of the primary site only rarely influences the choice of treatment .

Any diagnostic system that is quicker and cheaper than the present system would be of use .
any [test] system that is quicker and cheaper than the present system would be of use .

Certain tumour markers such as thyroglobulin and prostate specific antigen can provide sensitive and specific diagnostic information about the primary site of metastatic thyroid and prostate tumours .
certain tumour markers such as thyroglobulin and prostate specific antigen can provide sensitive and specific [test] information about the primary site of metastatic thyroid and prostate tumours .

Many studies have examined the diagnostic potential of immunohistochemistry , but they have generally failed to show the clear definitions found with prostate specific antigen or thyroglobulin .
many studies have examined the [test] potential of immunohistochemistry , but they have generally failed to show the clear definitions found with prostate specific antigen or thyroglobulin .

It may also be possible to extend the diagnostic discrimination using cytokeratin subtype classification , neuroendocrine status , or serological antibody titres .
it may also be possible to extend the [test] discrimination using cytokeratin subtype classification , neuroendocrine status , or serological antibody titres .

It is an inexpensive , simple procedure which could be performed as part of the diagnostic histopathological process and could direct or reduce the need for subsequent imaging procedures .
it is an inexpensive , simple procedure which could be performed as part of the [test] histopathological process and could direct or reduce the need for subsequent imaging procedures .

Results of histological examination of the brain were diagnostic of the disease .
results of histological examination of the brain were [test] of the disease .

The particular needs of London 's mobile residents , commuters , and tourists have been less well explored , but possible areas of ways of meeting them include an expanded role for primary health care in accident and emergency departments and north American style ‘ ambulatory care centres , ’ where a range of walk in services , including specialist clinics and diagnostic facilities , are available .
the particular needs of london 's mobile residents , commuters , and tourists have been less well explored , but possible areas of ways of meeting them include an expanded role for primary health care in accident and emergency departments and north american style ‘ ambulatory care centres , ’ where a range of walk in services , including specialist clinics and [test] facilities , are available .

There are many clinical situations in which some form of food sensitivity should be included in the differential diagnosis , but to entertain only food sensitivity as a diagnostic possibility is surely unreasonable .
there are many clinical situations in which some form of food sensitivity should be included in the differential diagnosis , but to entertain only food sensitivity as a [test] possibility is surely unreasonable .

If the disability is psychologically based diagnostic systems based on the use of multiple and unvalidated skin tests may reinforce the delusion .
if the disability is psychologically based [test] systems based on the use of multiple and unvalidated skin tests may reinforce the delusion .

The department also has extensive and state of the art facilities for modern investigations and diagnostic veterinary pathology .
the department also has extensive and state of the art facilities for modern investigations and [test] veterinary pathology .

The course is designed for training in Diagnostic Radiology .
the course is designed for training in [test] radiology .

Topics covered include Physics , Radiography , Radiographic Anatomy , Clinical Radiological Interpretation and Diagnostic and Interventional Techniques .
topics covered include physics , radiography , radiographic anatomy , clinical radiological interpretation and [test] and interventional techniques .

Specimens of normal colon , colonic adenoma , and colon carcinoma were obtained from biopsies and resected specimens submitted to the Department of Pathology , University of Aberdeen , for diagnostic purposes .
specimens of normal colon , colonic adenoma , and colon carcinoma were obtained from biopsies and resected specimens submitted to the department of pathology , university of aberdeen , for [test] purposes .

The defunctioned rectum is a further source of diagnostic confusion as mucosal granulomas and transmural inflammation are common findings particularly if the rectum has been defunctioned .
the defunctioned rectum is a further source of [test] confusion as mucosal granulomas and transmural inflammation are common findings particularly if the rectum has been defunctioned .

The high rate of diagnostic revision ( 25 % ) based on this independent , blind histopathological review may have overdiagnosed definite Crohn 's disease but in many the final diagnosis was uncertain and labelled as indeterminate colitis .
the high rate of [test] revision ( 25 % ) based on this independent , blind histopathological review may have overdiagnosed definite crohn 's disease but in many the final diagnosis was uncertain and labelled as indeterminate colitis .

Furthermore half of the patients with some features of Crohn 's disease have been labelled as indeterminate colitis because the pathological features were not entirely diagnostic .
furthermore half of the patients with some features of crohn 's disease have been labelled as indeterminate colitis because the pathological features were not entirely [test] .

For a few patients who experience severe or recurrent gastrointestinal bleeding of unknown origin , diagnostic laparotomy still has a place .
for a few patients who experience severe or recurrent gastrointestinal bleeding of unknown origin , [test] laparotomy still has a place .

The diagnostic yield at laparotomy can be improved by combining it with preoperative or peroperative angiography to identify the bleeding segment of bowel and with on table endoscopy to find the lesion .
the [test] yield at laparotomy can be improved by combining it with preoperative or peroperative angiography to identify the bleeding segment of bowel and with on table endoscopy to find the lesion .

The aim of these centres is to provide first-contact medical services 24 hours a day , obstetric services , diagnostic facilities , and inpatient care .
the aim of these centres is to provide first-contact medical services 24 hours a day , obstetric services , [test] facilities , and inpatient care .

The ergot alkaloids given therapeutically in migraine have been used as a diagnostic test for coronary artery vasospasm , with a diffuse reduction in arterial diameter of about 30 % evident in normal arteries .
the ergot alkaloids given therapeutically in migraine have been used as a [test] test for coronary artery vasospasm , with a diffuse reduction in arterial diameter of about 30 % evident in normal arteries .

The search for cheap but reliable mass screening tests and accurate diagnostic algorithms has so far been fruitless , so case-finding based on clinical suspicion will continue to be the most important strategy .
the search for cheap but reliable mass screening tests and accurate [test] algorithms has so far been fruitless , so case-finding based on clinical suspicion will continue to be the most important strategy .

The high diagnostic efficiency of cGMP , its stability , and the possibility of direct cGMP determination in plasma samples lead us to conclude that in patients with heart failure measurement of cGMP is an alternative to measurement of natriuretic peptides for routine clinical laboratory medicine .
the high [test] efficiency of cgmp , its stability , and the possibility of direct cgmp determination in plasma samples lead us to conclude that in patients with heart failure measurement of cgmp is an alternative to measurement of natriuretic peptides for routine clinical laboratory medicine .

The ability to puncture the gall bladder percutaneously under radiological control has resulted in the development of new diagnostic and therapeutic techniques .
the ability to puncture the gall bladder percutaneously under radiological control has resulted in the development of new [test] and therapeutic techniques .

Since the early 1970s , however , it has been possible to collect bile samples at either endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography or percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography and a few small series of patients have been reported with good diagnostic yields and no falsely positive results .
since the early 1970s , however , it has been possible to collect bile samples at either endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography or percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography and a few small series of patients have been reported with good [test] yields and no falsely positive results .

Sampling directly from the pancreatic duct provides a more proximate sample for cytological diagnosis and may improve the diagnostic sensitivity .
sampling directly from the pancreatic duct provides a more proximate sample for cytological diagnosis and may improve the [test] sensitivity .

With cholangiocarcinomas the reported diagnostic sensitivity of exfoliative cytology varies from 44–100 % and may depend on the method and site of sampling as well as its timing during the biliary manipulation .
with cholangiocarcinomas the reported [test] sensitivity of exfoliative cytology varies from 44–100 % and may depend on the method and site of sampling as well as its timing during the biliary manipulation .

Methods are obviously required to improve the sensitivity of diagnostic biliary cytology .
methods are obviously required to improve the sensitivity of [test] biliary cytology .

The varices may be seen on barium enema or at colonoscopy and aortoportography is diagnostic .
the varices may be seen on barium enema or at colonoscopy and aortoportography is [test] .

Antibodies of IgA class directed against Saccharomyces cerviciae are common in Crohn 's disease but not in ulcerative colitis , and determination of such antibodies may be of diagnostic help .
antibodies of iga class directed against saccharomyces cerviciae are common in crohn 's disease but not in ulcerative colitis , and determination of such antibodies may be of [test] help .

The possible dissemination of tumour by percutaneous fine needle aspiration cytology may result in these becoming the diagnostic techniques of choice .
the possible dissemination of tumour by percutaneous fine needle aspiration cytology may result in these becoming the [test] techniques of choice .

Further improvement in the diagnostic accuracy may be obtained by repeated sampling .
further improvement in the [test] accuracy may be obtained by repeated sampling .

The studies differ in respect of diagnostic criteria , the age structure and method of ascertainment of the sample of probands , and the number of years between diagnosis in probands and ascertainment of affected relatives .
the studies differ in respect of [test] criteria , the age structure and method of ascertainment of the sample of probands , and the number of years between diagnosis in probands and ascertainment of affected relatives .

Furthermore , the basic diagnostic test for pancreatitis has been a measurement of serum or uring amylase activity throughout the study period .
furthermore , the basic [test] test for pancreatitis has been a measurement of serum or uring amylase activity throughout the study period .

The diagnostic methods for gall stone disease have changed appreciably during the study period .
the [test] methods for gall stone disease have changed appreciably during the study period .

The histological interpretation of biopsy specimens and diagnosis of dysplasia is fraught with the problems of inter and intraobserver variation — that is , the diagnostic test does not have a sound discriminatory basis .
the histological interpretation of biopsy specimens and diagnosis of dysplasia is fraught with the problems of inter and intraobserver variation — that is , the [test] test does not have a sound discriminatory basis .

After the first interview 10 patients ( seven good responders , three poor responders ) had a second diagnostic anorectal manometry .
after the first interview 10 patients ( seven good responders , three poor responders ) had a second [test] anorectal manometry .

They may be detected with computed tonography and duplex sonography , but selective angiography is still the diagnostic examination of choice .
they may be detected with computed tonography and duplex sonography , but selective angiography is still the [test] examination of choice .

There were 47 control studies , 50 research studies ( no clinical diagnostic problem ) , and 375 studies carried out as part of the clinical service offered by the Department , at the request of consultant clinicians .
there were 47 control studies , 50 research studies ( no clinical [test] problem ) , and 375 studies carried out as part of the clinical service offered by the department , at the request of consultant clinicians .

There were therefore , 375 patients referred for diagnostic purposes .
there were therefore , 375 patients referred for [test] purposes .

Patients referred for diagnostic studies were grouped according to their symptoms , whether symptoms developed after operation , and according to the stated anticipation of the result , slow or fast emptying , recorded by the referring clinician .
patients referred for [test] studies were grouped according to their symptoms , whether symptoms developed after operation , and according to the stated anticipation of the result , slow or fast emptying , recorded by the referring clinician .

On the other hand it is possible thatsuch a diagnostic suspicion bias accounts for the modest increase in risk among current users but not former users of the pill , although previous work has suggested that this pattern of risk may be due to an accelerating effect of the pill .
on the other hand it is possible thatsuch a [test] suspicion bias accounts for the modest increase in risk among current users but not former users of the pill , although previous work has suggested that this pattern of risk may be due to an accelerating effect of the pill .

If it is not due to diagnostic suspicion bias then postulated mechanisms might include changes in gall bladder contractility associated with the progesterone content , or increased cholesterol saturation of bile due to the oestrogen content .
if it is not due to [test] suspicion bias then postulated mechanisms might include changes in gall bladder contractility associated with the progesterone content , or increased cholesterol saturation of bile due to the oestrogen content .

In my experience , the information gleaned on the interview and physical examination is frequently as valuable as objective data obtained by diagnostic examination .
in my experience , the information gleaned on the interview and physical examination is frequently as valuable as objective data obtained by [test] examination .

The physiology of micturition , anal continence , and defaecation is reviewed as an introduction to the comprehensive section on diagnostic studies .
the physiology of micturition , anal continence , and defaecation is reviewed as an introduction to the comprehensive section on [test] studies .

Our knowledge and ability to treat pelvic-floor disorders has benefited enormously from the availability of newer diagnostic and surgical approaches .
our knowledge and ability to treat pelvic-floor disorders has benefited enormously from the availability of newer [test] and surgical approaches .

Detection of active caeruloplasmin by our monoclonal antibodies will be a highly effective , early diagnostic tool for Wilson 's disease .
detection of active caeruloplasmin by our monoclonal antibodies will be a highly effective , early [test] tool for wilson 's disease .

One might tentatively define complementary medicine as diagnostic , therapeutic , and preventive procedures excluded from mainstream medicine ; some may have passed the test of time , most are of unproven effectiveness , and all are based on unscientific philosophies .
one might tentatively define complementary medicine as [test] , therapeutic , and preventive procedures excluded from mainstream medicine ; some may have passed the test of time , most are of unproven effectiveness , and all are based on unscientific philosophies .

The current diagnostic criteria for anorexia nervosa reflect this evolutionary process but they have yet to achieve the final category .
the current [test] criteria for anorexia nervosa reflect this evolutionary process but they have yet to achieve the final category .

’ There is a crisis in the business community , ’ reads the advertisement for the impressive-sounding Princeton Diagnostic Laboratories of America .
’ there is a crisis in the business community , ’ reads the advertisement for the impressive-sounding princeton [test] laboratories of america .

Princeton Diagnostic is headed by the former director of President Reagan 's Drug Abuse Policy Office , Mr Carlton Turner , along with a retired rear admiral and a self-described ’ international expert on toxicology ’ .
princeton [test] is headed by the former director of president reagan 's drug abuse policy office , mr carlton turner , along with a retired rear admiral and a self-described ’ international expert on toxicology ’ .

The operation of clinical analysers requires diagnostic reagents and until now Olympus have concentrated on the analysers themselves , sourcing the reagents separately .
the operation of clinical analysers requires [test] reagents and until now olympus have concentrated on the analysers themselves , sourcing the reagents separately .

The purchase of an 85 % stake by Olympus Europa in the Human Group , a leading diagnostic reagent manufacturer based in Germany , enables Olympus to offer total systems including analytical instruments , reagents and service with applicational and financial consulting .
the purchase of an 85 % stake by olympus europa in the human group , a leading [test] reagent manufacturer based in germany , enables olympus to offer total systems including analytical instruments , reagents and service with applicational and financial consulting .

Evaluating diagnostic tests for cross-section econometric models
evaluating [test] tests for cross-section econometric models

Diagnostic teaching methods and the acquisition of strategies in mathematical learning
[test] teaching methods and the acquisition of strategies in mathematical learning

That is the diagnostic feature of a digital system : its fundamental elements are either definitely in one state or definitely in another state , with no half measures and no intermediates or compromises .
that is the [test] feature of a digital system : its fundamental elements are either definitely in one state or definitely in another state , with no half measures and no intermediates or compromises .

The results of such diagnostic inquiries could be separated into individual companies or divisions within companies , or depots within divisions .
the results of such [test] inquiries could be separated into individual companies or divisions within companies , or depots within divisions .

Its purpose is as a tracking and diagnostic tool .
its purpose is as a tracking and [test] tool .

By far the most important diagnostic features for the excavator are those which can be sexed upon inspection .
by far the most important [test] features for the excavator are those which can be sexed upon inspection .

Although in all groups this is an excellent diagnostic feature , variations in the general shape of the notch do occur .
although in all groups this is an excellent [test] feature , variations in the general shape of the notch do occur .

Their idea is to examine the feasibility of a one-step diagnostic to indicate the presence of a particular molecule , such as might be used to test for the presence of surfactant .
their idea is to examine the feasibility of a one-step [test] to indicate the presence of a particular molecule , such as might be used to test for the presence of surfactant .

The distinction needs to be made between art therapists and occupational therapists , who have diagnostic and medical powers , and artists-in-residence , who do not .
the distinction needs to be made between art therapists and occupational therapists , who have [test] and medical powers , and artists-in-residence , who do not .

To Adam Smith each trade had its `` peculiar infirmity `` , and the economist was familiar with the widely selling translation of the classic work by Bernard Ramazzini , De Morbis Artificum Diatriba , which added to the diagnostic list the question : `` what occupation does he follow ?
to adam smith each trade had its `` peculiar infirmity `` , and the economist was familiar with the widely selling translation of the classic work by bernard ramazzini , de morbis artificum diatriba , which added to the [test] list the question : `` what occupation does he follow ?

The reason for the above study was the possibility of including a reliability check in the program , to compare each reading with a predicted value and indeed even make a correction or output a diagnostic message that a given reading should be regarded with suspicion .
the reason for the above study was the possibility of including a reliability check in the program , to compare each reading with a predicted value and indeed even make a correction or output a [test] message that a given reading should be regarded with suspicion .

If these are wildly out of balance then probably a diagnostic will be triggered and it is then advisable to change the position of the reference card and restart the run at Option 3 .
if these are wildly out of balance then probably a [test] will be triggered and it is then advisable to change the position of the reference card and restart the run at option 3 .

The diagnostic is simply a warning .
the [test] is simply a warning .

There are several diagnostic messages which could appear on the screen . These can be divided into two classes , as follows : —
there are several [test] messages which could appear on the screen . these can be divided into two classes , as follows : —

One typical outcome is that the reference strip ( which is what is used for the diagnostic ) is seen as too big due to spreading and then overflows its allotted area .
one typical outcome is that the reference strip ( which is what is used for the [test] ) is seen as too big due to spreading and then overflows its allotted area .

( a ) If the diagnostic occurs rarely then ignore it and rely on the averaging .
( a ) if the [test] occurs rarely then ignore it and rely on the averaging .

There are various possible diagnostic messages .
there are various possible [test] messages .

Again , in some light conditions this can lead to problems which trigger a diagnostic .
again , in some light conditions this can lead to problems which trigger a [test] .

Will the Secretary of State tell the House how many magnetic resonance imagers are available in England and Wales to provide essential diagnostic information , given that the town of Portland in Oregon has 14 ?
will the secretary of state tell the house how many magnetic resonance imagers are available in england and wales to provide essential [test] information , given that the town of portland in oregon has 14 ?

They thus have an incentive to maximize the number of patients treated , maximize the length of stay , maximize the number of surgical procedures performed , and maximize the number of diagnostic tests carried out and drugs supplied .
they thus have an incentive to maximize the number of patients treated , maximize the length of stay , maximize the number of surgical procedures performed , and maximize the number of [test] tests carried out and drugs supplied .

System representations and the solution of industrial fault diagnostic problems
system representations and the solution of industrial fault [test] problems

The objectives of this project are to open up new theoretical insights and practical applications in the field of industrial fault diagnosis by investigating the advantages and disadvantages of a major departure from the way in which the diagnostic problem
the objectives of this project are to open up new theoretical insights and practical applications in the field of industrial fault diagnosis by investigating the advantages and disadvantages of a major departure from the way in which the [test] problem

Section 3 discusses ways in which we validate our model using theory consistency checks and a statistical diagnostic test .
section 3 discusses ways in which we validate our model using theory consistency checks and a statistical [test] test .

Statistical diagnostic test
statistical [test] test

We answer this question using a statistical diagnostic test ( see Section 3 ) and also by comparing the estimated reservation wages predicted by this model with the post-unemployment wages reported by our sample members .
we answer this question using a statistical [test] test ( see section 3 ) and also by comparing the estimated reservation wages predicted by this model with the post-unemployment wages reported by our sample members .

The results of the statistical diagnostic test for omitted heterogeneity are presented in Table 2 .
the results of the statistical [test] test for omitted heterogeneity are presented in table 2 .

The prospect of a universally applicable technique of abstracting from sediment grain size distributions measures diagnostic of depositional environment has encouraged generations of sedimentologists .
the prospect of a universally applicable technique of abstracting from sediment grain size distributions measures [test] of depositional environment has encouraged generations of sedimentologists .

It is a matter of experience to judge the best time to remove a peel , but flicking the edge upwards immediately releases the peel slightly when ready , producing a diagnostic ‘ dry ’ sound .
it is a matter of experience to judge the best time to remove a peel , but flicking the edge upwards immediately releases the peel slightly when ready , producing a [test] ‘ dry ’ sound .

Dissolution of diagnostic minerals , together with alteration of others , can significantly modify original grain composition , particularly as the original grain can rarely be confidently identified ( e.g .
dissolution of [test] minerals , together with alteration of others , can significantly modify original grain composition , particularly as the original grain can rarely be confidently identified ( e.g .

This deliberate gathering of detailed information for teaching is termed diagnostic assessment .
this deliberate gathering of detailed information for teaching is termed [test] assessment .

Diagnostic assessment will not be necessary for all pupils , at all times , but appropriate techniques should be used when more general formative assessments fail to indicate activities from which the pupil can learn .
[test] assessment will not be necessary for all pupils , at all times , but appropriate techniques should be used when more general formative assessments fail to indicate activities from which the pupil can learn .

At times , diagnostic assessment is necessary not only for ‘ low attainers ’ , but also for ‘ high ’ or ‘ average ’ attainers .
at times , [test] assessment is necessary not only for ‘ low attainers ’ , but also for ‘ high ’ or ‘ average ’ attainers .

Diagnostic assessment
[test] assessment

An older term than ‘ formative assessment ’ , diagnostic assessment is a metaphor derived from the medical world .
an older term than ‘ formative assessment ’ , [test] assessment is a metaphor derived from the medical world .

Using only a small sample of children , we ( Denvir and Brown , 1986 ) developed an oral and practical diagnostic assessment to assess ‘ low attaining ’ 7–9 year olds ' understanding of number .
using only a small sample of children , we ( denvir and brown , 1986 ) developed an oral and practical [test] assessment to assess ‘ low attaining ’ 7–9 year olds ' understanding of number .

Shiu 's assessment ( this volume ) , the ‘ Chelsea Diagnostic Mathematics Tests ’ and the written test used in the Denvir and Brown study ( 1987 ) which were discussed under the heading ‘ Diagnostic assessment ’ are all , when used without individual interviews , examples of formative assessment and carried out before teaching , because they indicate suitable starting points .
shiu 's assessment ( this volume ) , the ‘ chelsea [test] mathematics tests ’ and the written test used in the denvir and brown study ( 1987 ) which were discussed under the heading ‘ [test] assessment ’ are all , when used without individual interviews , examples of formative assessment and carried out before teaching , because they indicate suitable starting points .

The difficulty of interpreting results of written tests , the time-consuming nature of individual interviews , and uncertainty about the task which the pupil is actually attempting to solve , have also been discussed under the heading ‘ Diagnostic assessment ’ .
the difficulty of interpreting results of written tests , the time-consuming nature of individual interviews , and uncertainty about the task which the pupil is actually attempting to solve , have also been discussed under the heading ‘ [test] assessment ’ .

It is vitally important , if we are to improve the mathematical attainment of our society , that the educational purposes of formative and diagnostic assessment , which seek to improve the teaching , take precedence over the monitoring and evaluative purposes , which at best merely seek to describe .
it is vitally important , if we are to improve the mathematical attainment of our society , that the educational purposes of formative and [test] assessment , which seek to improve the teaching , take precedence over the monitoring and evaluative purposes , which at best merely seek to describe .

Hence , the more formative and diagnostic the intention is the more informal it tends to become .
hence , the more formative and [test] the intention is the more informal it tends to become .

The fact , therefore , that much of art education is concerned with a direct pupil/teacher interaction , in which informal discussions about problems , and their possible resolution , establishes a crucial but essentially informal kind of diagnostic assessment , means that many art teachers view any externally imposed structure upon this process as not only irrelevant , but potentially damaging to that very quality of personal involvement and development that characterizes good work .
the fact , therefore , that much of art education is concerned with a direct pupil/teacher interaction , in which informal discussions about problems , and their possible resolution , establishes a crucial but essentially informal kind of [test] assessment , means that many art teachers view any externally imposed structure upon this process as not only irrelevant , but potentially damaging to that very quality of personal involvement and development that characterizes good work .

However , the majority favoured a formative and diagnostic approach that provides a regular supply of positive and constructive feedback to pupils about their progress , rather than the more summative styles characterized by examinations .
however , the majority favoured a formative and [test] approach that provides a regular supply of positive and constructive feedback to pupils about their progress , rather than the more summative styles characterized by examinations .

Good progress is being made in new drug research and development and early clinical trials of an orally administered anti-cancer drug and a new diagnostic agent are giving encouraging results .
good progress is being made in new drug research and development and early clinical trials of an orally administered anti-cancer drug and a new [test] agent are giving encouraging results .

One of these diagnostic agents is now in clinical trials .
one of these [test] agents is now in clinical trials .

4.1 An important change to all the revised module descriptors is the role of the workfile and diagnostic worksheets .
4.1 an important change to all the revised module descriptors is the role of the workfile and [test] worksheets .

Cases of the latter type , where the adjective is used only to aid identification and does not actually apply to the entity of the phrase , closely resemble the great bulk of noun + noun phrases in their structural value , examples such as : ( 11 ) army manoeuvres the piano factory a sea monster an angle bracket However , even among noun + noun phrases , certain specimens occur which are clearly analogous to the former type ; as in : ( 12 ) a doctor journalist ( or doctor-journalist ) Chancellor Kohl a bed-settee These would permit an affirmative answer to our diagnostic test , although normally it is necessary to allow a little leeway in the shape of an added determiner to allow for this requirement of English : ( 13 ) Maurice is a journalist and he is also a doctor 2.3 It would be useful to have names for the two types of adjectival use , and there are fortunately two terms available which fall in the right semantic area and which have not been pre-empted for any other widely accepted technical linguistic purpose .
cases of the latter type , where the adjective is used only to aid identification and does not actually apply to the entity of the phrase , closely resemble the great bulk of noun + noun phrases in their structural value , examples such as : ( 11 ) army manoeuvres the piano factory a sea monster an angle bracket however , even among noun + noun phrases , certain specimens occur which are clearly analogous to the former type ; as in : ( 12 ) a doctor journalist ( or doctor-journalist ) chancellor kohl a bed-settee these would permit an affirmative answer to our [test] test , although normally it is necessary to allow a little leeway in the shape of an added determiner to allow for this requirement of english : ( 13 ) maurice is a journalist and he is also a doctor 2.3 it would be useful to have names for the two types of adjectival use , and there are fortunately two terms available which fall in the right semantic area and which have not been pre-empted for any other widely accepted technical linguistic purpose .

They have succeeded in raising consciousness ( and consciences ) on many issues affecting women : the burdens of informal care , the effects of unsafe and unethical practices in contraception ( particularly in the Third World ) , lack of choice and control in childbirth , the damaging effects of stereotyping in biasing doctors ' diagnostic and treatment decisions for women patients .
they have succeeded in raising consciousness ( and consciences ) on many issues affecting women : the burdens of informal care , the effects of unsafe and unethical practices in contraception ( particularly in the third world ) , lack of choice and control in childbirth , the damaging effects of stereotyping in biasing doctors ' [test] and treatment decisions for women patients .

This brief survey of medical developments demonstrates that once again information technology is at the heart of them , both in terms of diagnostic and therapeutic techniques and in linking patient data across hospital , community and primary care settings .
this brief survey of medical developments demonstrates that once again information technology is at the heart of them , both in terms of [test] and therapeutic techniques and in linking patient data across hospital , community and primary care settings .

Process comprises all that is done to the patient with these resources , both clinically ( diagnostic and therapeutic procedures ) and nonclinically ( nursing care , " hotel " services , etc ) .
process comprises all that is done to the patient with these resources , both clinically ( [test] and therapeutic procedures ) and nonclinically ( nursing care , " hotel " services , etc ) .

Several issues arise from this premise : ( 1 ) Teachers must use diagnostic records as pupils come to them , be it across a phase or year on year .
several issues arise from this premise : ( 1 ) teachers must use [test] records as pupils come to them , be it across a phase or year on year .

The level of Norse and French influence is equal in terms of a simple count of loanwords — about thirty words adopted from each language are found in Dame Sirith — but the presence of Scandinavian loanwords is dialectally more diagnostic , in this case again confirming an East Midland origin .
the level of norse and french influence is equal in terms of a simple count of loanwords — about thirty words adopted from each language are found in dame sirith — but the presence of scandinavian loanwords is dialectally more [test] , in this case again confirming an east midland origin .

The overall gall stone recurrence rates , independent of treatment , are considered in three ways based on different diagnostic techniques : ( i ) according to the trial criteria ( mainly oral cholecystectography — see above ) ; ( ii ) ultrasonagraphy alone ; and ( iii ) either method .
the overall gall stone recurrence rates , independent of treatment , are considered in three ways based on different [test] techniques : ( i ) according to the trial criteria ( mainly oral cholecystectography — see above ) ; ( ii ) ultrasonagraphy alone ; and ( iii ) either method .

Swobodnik and colleagues , however , showed that percutaneous ‘ skinny ’ needle puncture of the gall bladder can be performed safely for diagnostic aspiration of gall bladder bile .
swobodnik and colleagues , however , showed that percutaneous ‘ skinny ’ needle puncture of the gall bladder can be performed safely for [test] aspiration of gall bladder bile .

The ideal test for the assessment of disease activity in Crohn 's disease should be simple , objective , reliable , and amenable to serial measurements to allow the assessment of various therapeutic interventions , particularly in severely ill patients who usually tolerate other invasive diagnostic tests badly .
the ideal test for the assessment of disease activity in crohn 's disease should be simple , objective , reliable , and amenable to serial measurements to allow the assessment of various therapeutic interventions , particularly in severely ill patients who usually tolerate other invasive [test] tests badly .

It is realised increasingly that the systemic immune reponse to Helicobacter pylori infection confers no protection against the organisms , and its presence is of diagnostic value only .
it is realised increasingly that the systemic immune reponse to helicobacter pylori infection confers no protection against the organisms , and its presence is of [test] value only .

This practice was stopped after review indicated that it was not of diagnostic value in our hands .
this practice was stopped after review indicated that it was not of [test] value in our hands .

At present the preferred diagnostic procedure is emergency endoscopy .
at present the preferred [test] procedure is emergency endoscopy .

The endoscopic Doppler ultrasound may be of diagnostic value in the evaluation of Dieulafoy 's disease when bleeding has stopped spontaneously .
the endoscopic doppler ultrasound may be of [test] value in the evaluation of dieulafoy 's disease when bleeding has stopped spontaneously .

In contrast rigid sigmoidoscopy had a small but helpful diagnostic rate , which significantly affected outcome , as two patients were found with ulcerative colitis and one patient had a rectosigmoid carcinoma .
in contrast rigid sigmoidoscopy had a small but helpful [test] rate , which significantly affected outcome , as two patients were found with ulcerative colitis and one patient had a rectosigmoid carcinoma .

Nineteen children with coeliac disease who fulfilled the diagnostic criteria of the European Society for Paediatric Gastroenterology and Nutrition were divided into two groups .
nineteen children with coeliac disease who fulfilled the [test] criteria of the european society for paediatric gastroenterology and nutrition were divided into two groups .

( When differences were checked between diagnostic groups and patients with no abnormality there was a significantly higher pseudomelanosis coli incidence ( p < 0.01 , according to the Fisher test ) for adenoma bearing patients only .
( when differences were checked between [test] groups and patients with no abnormality there was a significantly higher pseudomelanosis coli incidence ( p < 0.01 , according to the fisher test ) for adenoma bearing patients only .

Their case histories show the diagnostic problems that may be associated with this disease .
their case histories show the [test] problems that may be associated with this disease .

An atypical presentation may contribute to a diagnostic delay , although this also occurred in patients with more specific symptoms .
an atypical presentation may contribute to a [test] delay , although this also occurred in patients with more specific symptoms .

Diagnostic difficulties in those cases were related to confusing radiological and endoscopic appearances or failure to obtain histological confirmation of lymphoma .
[test] difficulties in those cases were related to confusing radiological and endoscopic appearances or failure to obtain histological confirmation of lymphoma .

Gastric juice was then collected from patients undergoing routine diagnostic gastroscopy who had fasted for at least eight hours .
gastric juice was then collected from patients undergoing routine [test] gastroscopy who had fasted for at least eight hours .

Many clinicians are aware of this disadvantage even if they know little else about the technique and this contributes to clinical scepticism about its potential value as a diagnostic test .
many clinicians are aware of this disadvantage even if they know little else about the technique and this contributes to clinical scepticism about its potential value as a [test] test .

We studied 186 consecutive patients undergoing diagnostic endoscopy of the gastrointestinal tract in two major referral based hospitals in West Berlin over two years .
we studied 186 consecutive patients undergoing [test] endoscopy of the gastrointestinal tract in two major referral based hospitals in west berlin over two years .

Symptomatic obstruction with a colorectal stricture in ulcerative colitis seems therefore to be diagnostic of malignancy .
symptomatic obstruction with a colorectal stricture in ulcerative colitis seems therefore to be [test] of malignancy .

The activation of immune mechanisms was evaluated by the solid phase enzyme linked immunoassay of immunoglobulin and specific antibody secreting cells in 27 patients ( aged from nine to 69 months ) , subjected to a diagnostic cow 's milk challenge or a rechallenge .
the activation of immune mechanisms was evaluated by the solid phase enzyme linked immunoassay of immunoglobulin and specific antibody secreting cells in 27 patients ( aged from nine to 69 months ) , subjected to a [test] cow 's milk challenge or a rechallenge .

The present study was undertaken to evaluate the immune response evoked by such a diagnostic cow 's milk challenge .
the present study was undertaken to evaluate the immune response evoked by such a [test] cow 's milk challenge .

Five patients had experienced symptoms suggestive of cow 's milk allergy ( urticaria ( one ) , loose stools ( one ) , vomiting ( two ) , diarrhoea ( one ) ) and were admitted for diagnostic milk challenge after four weeks ' milk elimination .
five patients had experienced symptoms suggestive of cow 's milk allergy ( urticaria ( one ) , loose stools ( one ) , vomiting ( two ) , diarrhoea ( one ) ) and were admitted for [test] milk challenge after four weeks ' milk elimination .

Additional ileal biopsy specimens from eight patients ( age 15–78 years ) and eight peripheral lymph nodes removed for diagnostic purposes were included .
additional ileal biopsy specimens from eight patients ( age 15–78 years ) and eight peripheral lymph nodes removed for [test] purposes were included .

Control colonic tissue was taken from patients undergoing colonscopy for diagnostic purposes , but who had a negative examination .
control colonic tissue was taken from patients undergoing colonscopy for [test] purposes , but who had a negative examination .

It may be that different subgroups of patients with differences in prognosis have been selected into the two diagnostic procedures .
it may be that different subgroups of patients with differences in prognosis have been selected into the two [test] procedures .

All patients with abdominal ascites underwent diagnostic paracententesis .
all patients with abdominal ascites underwent [test] paracententesis .

There are two circumstances that may potentially reduce the diagnostic accuracy of this technique .
there are two circumstances that may potentially reduce the [test] accuracy of this technique .

Coeliacs whose intestinal lesions have resolved on a gluten free diet and whose jejunal biopsies are classified as ‘ normal ’ for diagnostic purposes may still express subtle pathological or immunological abnormalities similar to those of untreated coeliacs .
coeliacs whose intestinal lesions have resolved on a gluten free diet and whose jejunal biopsies are classified as ‘ normal ’ for [test] purposes may still express subtle pathological or immunological abnormalities similar to those of untreated coeliacs .

We have recently assessed the frequency of the coeliac like intestinal antibody pattern , a candidate marker of latent coeliac disease , in patients referred for diagnostic small bowel biopsy .
we have recently assessed the frequency of the coeliac like intestinal antibody pattern , a candidate marker of latent coeliac disease , in patients referred for [test] small bowel biopsy .

After their diagnostic procedure the colonoscope was positioned at site of infusion and a second blood sample collected .
after their [test] procedure the colonoscope was positioned at site of infusion and a second blood sample collected .

To achieve optimal diagnostic accuracy all initial diagnostic and interventional endoscopies were done or supervised by very experienced members of the staff and virtually all patients were re-examined after the initial interventional endoscopy .
to achieve optimal [test] accuracy all initial [test] and interventional endoscopies were done or supervised by very experienced members of the staff and virtually all patients were re-examined after the initial interventional endoscopy .

With the advent of diagnostic and therapeutic endoscopy the management of Dieulafoy 's disease has been directed towards a more careful surgical intervention on the one hand and successful bleeding control by injection treatment on the other hand .
with the advent of [test] and therapeutic endoscopy the management of dieulafoy 's disease has been directed towards a more careful surgical intervention on the one hand and successful bleeding control by injection treatment on the other hand .

Our diagnostic efficiency is shown by a diagnostic yield in the first endoscopic session of 82 % ; further sessions were needed in the rest of patients mainly because of non-removable blood clots .
our [test] efficiency is shown by a [test] yield in the first endoscopic session of 82 % ; further sessions were needed in the rest of patients mainly because of non-removable blood clots .

Three patients had repeated unsuccessful diagnostic endoscopies or angiographies in referring hospitals .
three patients had repeated unsuccessful [test] endoscopies or angiographies in referring hospitals .

Four patients had cholestasis and stricture at the time of the first diagnostic procedure .
four patients had cholestasis and stricture at the time of the first [test] procedure .

As part of the survey , open diagnostic workshops were held for women to share their experiences and ideas for a better future for women at the Bar .
as part of the survey , open [test] workshops were held for women to share their experiences and ideas for a better future for women at the bar .

In a report on conventional and alternative treatments for allergy , the Royal College said some tests and diagnostic concepts used by alternative practitioners could harm patients .
in a report on conventional and alternative treatments for allergy , the royal college said some tests and [test] concepts used by alternative practitioners could harm patients .

Supplemented by individual diagnostic testing , this will replace the current Standard Assessment Tasks in order to raise standards .
supplemented by individual [test] testing , this will replace the current standard assessment tasks in order to raise standards .

It is developmental , being the diagnostic component of a structured and systematic approach to the management of training and development .
it is developmental , being the [test] component of a structured and systematic approach to the management of training and development .

The other diagnostic species are Avena strigosa , Anchusa arvensis , Erodium cicutarium , Galium verum , Thalictrum minus , Tripleurospermum maritimum and Honkenya peploides .
the other [test] species are avena strigosa , anchusa arvensis , erodium cicutarium , galium verum , thalictrum minus , tripleurospermum maritimum and honkenya peploides .

While it is unquestionably a step in the right direction for such international teams to make recommendations as to optimal treatment schedules and ideal diagnostic facilities , it avails little if governments do not take their advice or if there is a shortage of money , personnel , or both .
while it is unquestionably a step in the right direction for such international teams to make recommendations as to optimal treatment schedules and ideal [test] facilities , it avails little if governments do not take their advice or if there is a shortage of money , personnel , or both .

Where there exists such a reluctance to carry out the correct diagnostic procedures or , as is often the case , there is simply a dearth of properly trained specialists , the natural result is treatment without diagnosis , the haphazard use of antibiotics ( such as penicillin for all urethral discharges ) , and an increase in antibiotic resistance of the gonococci coupled with an infuriating denial of the problem , ‘ Just look at our figures .
where there exists such a reluctance to carry out the correct [test] procedures or , as is often the case , there is simply a dearth of properly trained specialists , the natural result is treatment without diagnosis , the haphazard use of antibiotics ( such as penicillin for all urethral discharges ) , and an increase in antibiotic resistance of the gonococci coupled with an infuriating denial of the problem , ‘ just look at our figures .

The facial appearance may be diagnostic if the nasal infection was severe .
the facial appearance may be [test] if the nasal infection was severe .

Because urinating tends to wash out the urethra , and because the urethra can be such a rich source of diagnostic material , the doctors will always prefer a male patient to have held his urine , if possible , for three hours or more before attending for tests .
because urinating tends to wash out the urethra , and because the urethra can be such a rich source of [test] material , the doctors will always prefer a male patient to have held his urine , if possible , for three hours or more before attending for tests .

What are the diagnostic signs ?
what are the [test] signs ?

Once the spirochaete which caused syphilis had been identified and Wassermann had invented the diagnostic reaction which perpetuates his name , the condition called general paralysis of the insane was recognized to be the result of a long-lasting infection .
once the spirochaete which caused syphilis had been identified and wassermann had invented the [test] reaction which perpetuates his name , the condition called general paralysis of the insane was recognized to be the result of a long-lasting infection .

It bought a couple of small diagnostic manufacturers to try to do this .
it bought a couple of small [test] manufacturers to try to do this .

Consequently , there are rarely any really diagnostic ceramic or metal artefacts that can provide any clue as to their age .
consequently , there are rarely any really [test] ceramic or metal artefacts that can provide any clue as to their age .

Trace elements can also be diagnostic .
trace elements can also be [test] .

In some respects , this is a return to a very traditional kind of cognitive reading , in which the literary work is not read for its ‘ beauties ’ but its message , though the ‘ message ’ is now likely to be diagnostic rather than uplifting .
in some respects , this is a return to a very traditional kind of cognitive reading , in which the literary work is not read for its ‘ beauties ’ but its message , though the ‘ message ’ is now likely to be [test] rather than uplifting .

The results should be capable of being used formatively and to indicate any particular need for support for the child , or for more specific diagnostic assessment .
the results should be capable of being used formatively and to indicate any particular need for support for the child , or for more specific [test] assessment .

This internal expansion caused the outer skin to crack open , forming the diagnostic crusty-looking surface .
this internal expansion caused the outer skin to crack open , forming the [test] crusty-looking surface .

Is this nothing more than the perennial appearance of uneven development , one of the principal diagnostic phenomena of capitalism , only this time at the intra-urban rather than a regional or national scale ?
is this nothing more than the perennial appearance of uneven development , one of the principal [test] phenomena of capitalism , only this time at the intra-urban rather than a regional or national scale ?

Much will depend on where they were trained and whether they are skilled in other therapies and techniques such as reflexology ( pressure point massage of the feet ) , Touch For Health ( muscle testing , a diagnostic technique ) , medical herbalism , spiritual healing or perhaps nutrition .
much will depend on where they were trained and whether they are skilled in other therapies and techniques such as reflexology ( pressure point massage of the feet ) , touch for health ( muscle testing , a [test] technique ) , medical herbalism , spiritual healing or perhaps nutrition .

To the trained eye , these patterns reflect the emotional and physical state of the individual and can be used as a diagnostic tool .
to the trained eye , these patterns reflect the emotional and physical state of the individual and can be used as a [test] tool .

The system is essentially diagnostic , the remedies are for the librarian to apply .
the system is essentially [test] , the remedies are for the librarian to apply .

‘ describe their pain in terms of tissue damage ’ although , in some 80 per cent of cases , no such damage can be detected by the most careful diagnostic tests .
‘ describe their pain in terms of tissue damage ’ although , in some 80 per cent of cases , no such damage can be detected by the most careful [test] tests .

Wellcome has sold its diagnostic business to International Murex Technologies , Canada , for £15m .
wellcome has sold its [test] business to international murex technologies , canada , for £15m .

They have an incentive to maximise the number of patients treated , maximise the length of stay , maximise the number of surgical procedures performed and the number of diagnostic tests carried out .
they have an incentive to maximise the number of patients treated , maximise the length of stay , maximise the number of surgical procedures performed and the number of [test] tests carried out .

They decide when to admit the patient , the nature of the diagnostic workup , the treatment technologies to be employed and when to discharge .
they decide when to admit the patient , the nature of the [test] workup , the treatment technologies to be employed and when to discharge .

Understanding that thought could influence the body for good or ill was part of their diagnostic practice .
understanding that thought could influence the body for good or ill was part of their [test] practice .

It will be clear from the discussion in the previous two sections on prey size and availability that the species content of prey assemblages can not be considered diagnostic of any particular predator .
it will be clear from the discussion in the previous two sections on prey size and availability that the species content of prey assemblages can not be considered [test] of any particular predator .

There is a quite separate consideration relating to species composition of prey assemblages , and this is the extent to which it can be considered diagnostic of the habitats from which the assemblage has been derived .
there is a quite separate consideration relating to species composition of prey assemblages , and this is the extent to which it can be considered [test] of the habitats from which the assemblage has been derived .

Partly arising from this , and partly because of the lack of difference found between many predator species , the crude measure of skeletal element proportions is not diagnostic , although it can still provide an approximation of the overall structure of the bone assemblage .
partly arising from this , and partly because of the lack of difference found between many predator species , the crude measure of skeletal element proportions is not [test] , although it can still provide an approximation of the overall structure of the bone assemblage .

The effects of digestion on small mammal skeletons are most diagnostic on the teeth .
the effects of digestion on small mammal skeletons are most [test] on the teeth .

remains of pellets or scats are often diagnostic , but they are rarely present in fossil assemblages ;
remains of pellets or scats are often [test] , but they are rarely present in fossil assemblages ;

because of these variations in predator/prey relationships , neither the size of the prey nor the species preyed upon are diagnostic of any single predator species .
because of these variations in predator/prey relationships , neither the size of the prey nor the species preyed upon are [test] of any single predator species .

bone breakage in prey assemblages is also diagnostic of certain predators but not of others ;
bone breakage in prey assemblages is also [test] of certain predators but not of others ;

bone digestion in prey assemblages is the most diagnostic feature by which predators may be identified from the bones of their prey , although here too it is not possible to distinguish all predator species .
bone digestion in prey assemblages is the most [test] feature by which predators may be identified from the bones of their prey , although here too it is not possible to distinguish all predator species .

[ Teachers ' ] reluctance to categorise children , especially at younger ages , was reflected , in the schools visited , by the low priority given to marking written work , the paucity of written records and the lack of diagnostic testing of ordinary pupils to aid the development of reading and number programmes to meet individual needs .
[ teachers ' ] reluctance to categorise children , especially at younger ages , was reflected , in the schools visited , by the low priority given to marking written work , the paucity of written records and the lack of [test] testing of ordinary pupils to aid the development of reading and number programmes to meet individual needs .

To advise the Secretary of State on the practical considerations which should govern all assessment including testing of attainment at age ( approximately ) 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 within a national curriculum , including the marking scale or scales and kinds of assessment including testing to be used , the need to differentiate so that the assessment can promote learning across a range of abilities , the relative roles of informative and of diagnostic assessment , the uses to which the results of assessment should be put , the moderation requirements needed to secure credibility of assessments , and the publication and other services needed to support the system — with a view to securing assessment and testing arrangements which are simple to administer , understandable by all in and outside the education service , cost effective and supportive of learning in schools .
to advise the secretary of state on the practical considerations which should govern all assessment including testing of attainment at age ( approximately ) 7 , 11 , 14 and 16 within a national curriculum , including the marking scale or scales and kinds of assessment including testing to be used , the need to differentiate so that the assessment can promote learning across a range of abilities , the relative roles of informative and of [test] assessment , the uses to which the results of assessment should be put , the moderation requirements needed to secure credibility of assessments , and the publication and other services needed to support the system — with a view to securing assessment and testing arrangements which are simple to administer , understandable by all in and outside the education service , cost effective and supportive of learning in schools .

Formative , in providing information which teachers can use in deciding how a pupil 's learning should be taken forward and in giving the pupils themselves clear and understandable targets and feedback about their achievement . It will also provide teachers and others with the means of identifying the need for further diagnostic assessments for particular pupils where appropriate to help their educational development ;
formative , in providing information which teachers can use in deciding how a pupil 's learning should be taken forward and in giving the pupils themselves clear and understandable targets and feedback about their achievement . it will also provide teachers and others with the means of identifying the need for further [test] assessments for particular pupils where appropriate to help their educational development ;

Testing of children has always legitimately had separate purposes : diagnostic — to enable the teacher to calibrate their own assessment of a child 's difficulty and judge the next best line for development ; setting of tests to establish mastery of a particular piece of learning when of concept , skill or information ; and standardised to set one 's own information against some comparators .
testing of children has always legitimately had separate purposes : [test] — to enable the teacher to calibrate their own assessment of a child 's difficulty and judge the next best line for development ; setting of tests to establish mastery of a particular piece of learning when of concept , skill or information ; and standardised to set one 's own information against some comparators .

The purpose of the circuit board fault diagnostic aid is to assist the diagnosis performed using automatic test equipment .
the purpose of the circuit board fault [test] aid is to assist the diagnosis performed using automatic test equipment .

Sometimes with the test programme the contractor provides a set of diagnostic tables that point to a group of components on the circuit board to be considered suspect for each failed test .
sometimes with the test programme the contractor provides a set of [test] tables that point to a group of components on the circuit board to be considered suspect for each failed test .

So the aim of the circuit board fault diagnostic initiative was to study the feasibility of rule induction techniques in aiding avionics repair .
so the aim of the circuit board fault [test] initiative was to study the feasibility of rule induction techniques in aiding avionics repair .

This performance was a substantial improvement over the current diagnostic tables .
this performance was a substantial improvement over the current [test] tables .

Certainty is required as to the relative merits of one diagnostic approach versus another .
certainty is required as to the relative merits of one [test] approach versus another .

However good diagnostic skills and experience are not uniformly available amongst staff at any given time due to a variety of factors .
however good [test] skills and experience are not uniformly available amongst staff at any given time due to a variety of factors .

The balance of required diagnostic skills and experience within the engineering community is constantly changing due to staff retirement and losses to competitors .
the balance of required [test] skills and experience within the engineering community is constantly changing due to staff retirement and losses to competitors .

These losses are not easily replaced and are further compounded by the continuing introduction of new aircraft types such as Boeing 747–400 and 767 into service , each with new complexities and associated diagnostic challenges balanced against the requirements of older fleet types .
these losses are not easily replaced and are further compounded by the continuing introduction of new aircraft types such as boeing 747–400 and 767 into service , each with new complexities and associated [test] challenges balanced against the requirements of older fleet types .

The focus of this paper is on knowledge based diagnostic systems and their potential within avionic components fault finding .
the focus of this paper is on knowledge based [test] systems and their potential within avionic components fault finding .

Recent claims suggest that ‘ Diagnostic expert systems can be classed as the fastest growing functional area for expert system development today ’ , and that their application is making a significant contribution to efficient handling of complex system failure diagnosis .
recent claims suggest that ‘ [test] expert systems can be classed as the fastest growing functional area for expert system development today ’ , and that their application is making a significant contribution to efficient handling of complex system failure diagnosis .

To understand how such systems allow for diagnostic reasoning , some architectural features need to be recognised and understood .
to understand how such systems allow for [test] reasoning , some architectural features need to be recognised and understood .

Diagnostic Expert Systems
[test] expert systems

Toolkits optimised for the construction of diagnostic expert systems are currently available .
toolkits optimised for the construction of [test] expert systems are currently available .

There are two main methods of representing and reasoning with diagnostic knowledge .
there are two main methods of representing and reasoning with [test] knowledge .

Fault-response based systems are usually advocated when lots of reliable diagnostic information is available .
fault-response based systems are usually advocated when lots of reliable [test] information is available .

These types of system require a greater investment both in cost and technical expertise but at the same time allow a modular approach to construction and greater flexibility in operation when dealing with new diagnostic situations .
these types of system require a greater investment both in cost and technical expertise but at the same time allow a modular approach to construction and greater flexibility in operation when dealing with new [test] situations .

The relative merits of both approaches have to be considered when opting for a solution to a particular diagnostic problem .
the relative merits of both approaches have to be considered when opting for a solution to a particular [test] problem .

This process should be wherever possible part of a systematic analysis of diagnostic system requirements .
this process should be wherever possible part of a systematic analysis of [test] system requirements .

During early system evaluation it was found that experts much preferred a simple direct dialogue style that presented basic diagnostic information such as test point values and component values , whereas the inexperienced required more directed problem analysis and advice .
during early system evaluation it was found that experts much preferred a simple direct dialogue style that presented basic [test] information such as test point values and component values , whereas the inexperienced required more directed problem analysis and advice .

The inability to speedily and correctly diagnose aircraft system and component failures because good diagnostic skills are in short supply leads to departure delays and possible compromises in safety .
the inability to speedily and correctly diagnose aircraft system and component failures because good [test] skills are in short supply leads to departure delays and possible compromises in safety .

It seems clear that the introduction of systems that can complement and help guide good diagnostic judgement and reasoning is worth evaluation .
it seems clear that the introduction of systems that can complement and help guide good [test] judgement and reasoning is worth evaluation .

Facilities such as these will allow the engineer to possibly gain deeper systems understanding and through this obtain greater diagnostic certainty .
facilities such as these will allow the engineer to possibly gain deeper systems understanding and through this obtain greater [test] certainty .

Precisely here , where we should be asking this key diagnostic question , we are getting the fuzziest answers .
precisely here , where we should be asking this key [test] question , we are getting the fuzziest answers .

The relative diagnostic importance of these symptoms has been in dispute until quite recently , when evidence for a variety of biochemical and structural deficits in the brains of schizophrenics began to emerge .
the relative [test] importance of these symptoms has been in dispute until quite recently , when evidence for a variety of biochemical and structural deficits in the brains of schizophrenics began to emerge .

Zeta also provided a major stimulus in diagnostic development : for example , the use of infrared emission and scattering techniques ; and in engineering techniques , for example the use of a continuous stainless-steel bellows vacuum chamber .
zeta also provided a major stimulus in [test] development : for example , the use of infrared emission and scattering techniques ; and in engineering techniques , for example the use of a continuous stainless-steel bellows vacuum chamber .

Additionally , since sound is reflected differently from surfaces of varying density , a good quality ultrasonic sonar would bestow some degree of ‘ X-ray ’ sonic vision , infinitely more refined than our present day ultrasonic medical diagnostic instruments .
additionally , since sound is reflected differently from surfaces of varying density , a good quality ultrasonic sonar would bestow some degree of ‘ x-ray ’ sonic vision , infinitely more refined than our present day ultrasonic medical [test] instruments .

But it seems unlikely that it is often so , and it would be a mistake to extrapolate to other cases of mental illness which have been given the same diagnostic labels .
but it seems unlikely that it is often so , and it would be a mistake to extrapolate to other cases of mental illness which have been given the same [test] labels .

They may decide that they react to particular foods , on the basis of a bogus diagnostic test or an elimination diet that is not properly carried out .
they may decide that they react to particular foods , on the basis of a bogus [test] test or an elimination diet that is not properly carried out .

The proper name for Matthew 's condition is the hyperkinetic syndrome — although hyperactivity is often used as a diagnostic label , it is actually just one aspect of that syndrome .
the proper name for matthew 's condition is the hyperkinetic syndrome — although hyperactivity is often used as a [test] label , it is actually just one aspect of that syndrome .

In addition , a wide range of medical devices , such as intravascular catheters , drainage catheters , indwelling biosensors , extracorporeal circuits , clinical diagnostic kits and filtration membranes has been treated successfully .
in addition , a wide range of medical devices , such as intravascular catheters , drainage catheters , indwelling biosensors , extracorporeal circuits , clinical [test] kits and filtration membranes has been treated successfully .

Biotechnology : much of the work is process and design oriented , with research programmes in fermentation , effluent treatment , diagnostic enzymes , microbial toxicity and biotransformations .
biotechnology : much of the work is process and design oriented , with research programmes in fermentation , effluent treatment , [test] enzymes , microbial toxicity and biotransformations .

The use of a problem-orientated approach assists a therapist to get away from a purely medical or diagnostic approach because problems of a personal , social , medical , and psychiatric nature should all be included .
the use of a problem-orientated approach assists a therapist to get away from a purely medical or [test] approach because problems of a personal , social , medical , and psychiatric nature should all be included .

We have concentrated on the three most important diagnostic signs : upward or downward straggle in individual batches ( figure 11.2 ) , wedge-shaped data where batches with higher medians have greater spread ( figure 11.3 ) , and curvy lines in a scatterplot ( figure 11.11 ) .
we have concentrated on the three most important [test] signs : upward or downward straggle in individual batches ( figure 11.2 ) , wedge-shaped data where batches with higher medians have greater spread ( figure 11.3 ) , and curvy lines in a scatterplot ( figure 11.11 ) .

There are three different ways we can get such guidance : from our substantive knowledge of the world , by experimenting with the ladder of powers , and by constructing special diagnostic plots .
there are three different ways we can get such guidance : from our substantive knowledge of the world , by experimenting with the ladder of powers , and by constructing special [test] plots .

If the diagnosis is uncertain and an array of diagnostic tests is required , then the patient is bound to be anxious both about the tests and the potential results , and inevitably , is worried if surgery is prescribed .
if the diagnosis is uncertain and an array of [test] tests is required , then the patient is bound to be anxious both about the tests and the potential results , and inevitably , is worried if surgery is prescribed .

They also prefer the use of highly controlled diagnostic and demographic groups in order to obtain unambiguous answers to isolate the active ingredient of treatment efficacy .
they also prefer the use of highly controlled [test] and demographic groups in order to obtain unambiguous answers to isolate the active ingredient of treatment efficacy .

For example , driving while intoxicated overlaps with alcoholism , but it constitutes an important issue in its own right because surveys consistently show that a substantial number of individuals who do not meet diagnostic criteria for alcohol abuse or dependence admit to having driven an automobile while intoxicated .
for example , driving while intoxicated overlaps with alcoholism , but it constitutes an important issue in its own right because surveys consistently show that a substantial number of individuals who do not meet [test] criteria for alcohol abuse or dependence admit to having driven an automobile while intoxicated .

The Michigan Alcoholism Screening Test : the quest for a new diagnostic instrument .
the michigan alcoholism screening test : the quest for a new [test] instrument .

Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders .
[test] and statistical manual of mental disorders .

Selzer M. The Michigan Alcoholism Screening Test : the quest for a new diagnostic instrument .
selzer m. the michigan alcoholism screening test : the quest for a new [test] instrument .

Escobar F , Espi F , Canteras M. Diagnostic tests for alcoholism in primary health care : compared efficacy of different instruments .
escobar f , espi f , canteras m. [test] tests for alcoholism in primary health care : compared efficacy of different instruments .

On the basis of these analyses , VHA recommended a number of techniques and processes for shortening the postoperative hospital stay , decreasing excessive diagnostic testing , and reducing the risk of postoperative infections or complications .
on the basis of these analyses , vha recommended a number of techniques and processes for shortening the postoperative hospital stay , decreasing excessive [test] testing , and reducing the risk of postoperative infections or complications .

The JTF-CNO expansion significantly increases its ability to perform the following : ( 1 ) preventive activities , such as conducting security reviews and issuing vulnerability alerts ; ( 2 ) coordination and monitoring detection activities performed by components , including monitoring automated intrusiondetection systems ; ( 3 ) investigative and diagnostic activities ; and ( 4 ) event handling and response activities , which involve disseminating information and providing technical assistance to system administrators so that they can appropriately respond to cyber attacks .
the jtf-cno expansion significantly increases its ability to perform the following : ( 1 ) preventive activities , such as conducting security reviews and issuing vulnerability alerts ; ( 2 ) coordination and monitoring detection activities performed by components , including monitoring automated intrusiondetection systems ; ( 3 ) investigative and [test] activities ; and ( 4 ) event handling and response activities , which involve disseminating information and providing technical assistance to system administrators so that they can appropriately respond to cyber attacks .

However in one of the more exciting crossovers from chemistry into medicine , researchers have developed nanoparticles to improve the diagnostic accuracy of MRI .
however in one of the more exciting crossovers from chemistry into medicine , researchers have developed nanoparticles to improve the [test] accuracy of mri .

In a rights framework , “ mental health needs ” are not analyzed ( as they are in many studies ) in terms of the application of given diagnostic criteria in isolation from the social context that leads to use of the mental health sector , and mentally disabled persons are treated as more than patients who need services [ 7,8 ] .
in a rights framework , “ mental health needs ” are not analyzed ( as they are in many studies ) in terms of the application of given [test] criteria in isolation from the social context that leads to use of the mental health sector , and mentally disabled persons are treated as more than patients who need services [ 7,8 ] .

They 're racing to develop a diagnostic test that can be performed on live animals , enabling identification of the disease before clinical signs appear , which would eliminate the need to kill thousands of apparently healthy animals in areas where CWD is detected .
they 're racing to develop a [test] test that can be performed on live animals , enabling identification of the disease before clinical signs appear , which would eliminate the need to kill thousands of apparently healthy animals in areas where cwd is detected .

In Search of a Live Assay A key to combating the spread of CWD is to put into widespread use a preclinical diagnostic test on live animals .
in search of a live assay a key to combating the spread of cwd is to put into widespread use a preclinical [test] test on live animals .

We will concentrate on human studies that enhance our understanding of disease epidemiology , etiology , and physiology ; the development of prognostic and diagnostic technologies ; and trials that test the efficacy of specific interventions and those that compare different treatments .
we will concentrate on human studies that enhance our understanding of disease epidemiology , etiology , and physiology ; the development of prognostic and [test] technologies ; and trials that test the efficacy of specific interventions and those that compare different treatments .

Higher diagnostic accuracies can be achieved by serial sectioning ( 50 μm ) and by immunohistochemical staining [ 10,11 ] .
higher [test] accuracies can be achieved by serial sectioning ( 50 μm ) and by immunohistochemical staining [ 10,11 ] .

The development [ 15,16 ] and clinical introduction of lymphotropic magnetic nanoparticles has been shown to significantly improve diagnostic accuracies of MRI for nodal staging ( LMRI ) in prostate cancer [ 17 ] .
the development [ 15,16 ] and clinical introduction of lymphotropic magnetic nanoparticles has been shown to significantly improve [test] accuracies of mri for nodal staging ( lmri ) in prostate cancer [ 17 ] .

To determine the diagnostic accuracy of the different tissue parameters in the learning dataset , we determined sensitivity , specificity , and predictive values for each parameter alone and in combination ( Table 3 ) .
to determine the [test] accuracy of the different tissue parameters in the learning dataset , we determined sensitivity , specificity , and predictive values for each parameter alone and in combination ( table 3 ) .

The ability to directly and noninvasively monitor nodal tumor involvement represents a powerful diagnostic tool for cancer .
the ability to directly and noninvasively monitor nodal tumor involvement represents a powerful [test] tool for cancer .

Finally , LMRI could be used to avoid invasive diagnostic procedures , which are not part of therapy .
finally , lmri could be used to avoid invasive [test] procedures , which are not part of therapy .

Sadly , many couples “ being faithful ” now do not realize that one partner is already infected and are not being reached with diagnostic testing programs .
sadly , many couples “ being faithful ” now do not realize that one partner is already infected and are not being reached with [test] testing programs .

All participants were recruited from the surgical clinic at the Michael E. DeBakey Veterans Affairs Medical Center and the Methodist Hospital , and were undergoing lung resection for diagnostic or therapeutic purposes ( Table 1 ) .
all participants were recruited from the surgical clinic at the michael e. debakey veterans affairs medical center and the methodist hospital , and were undergoing lung resection for [test] or therapeutic purposes ( table 1 ) .

While the cost of antiretroviral medications has dropped considerably , other obstacles , including the cost , technical , and operational requirements of CD4 counts , viral loads , and other sophisticated diagnostic tests used to initiate and monitor HIV treatment , remain to be addressed .
while the cost of antiretroviral medications has dropped considerably , other obstacles , including the cost , technical , and operational requirements of cd4 counts , viral loads , and other sophisticated [test] tests used to initiate and monitor hiv treatment , remain to be addressed .

The method we describe here addresses several of the limitations of performing diagnostic assays in resource-limited settings .
the method we describe here addresses several of the limitations of performing [test] assays in resource-limited settings .

This patient meets the diagnostic criteria for the metabolic syndrome as defined by the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III guidelines [ 1 ] .
this patient meets the [test] criteria for the metabolic syndrome as defined by the national cholesterol education program adult treatment panel iii guidelines [ 1 ] .

What additional diagnostic tests would be helpful at this time , and why ?
what additional [test] tests would be helpful at this time , and why ?

The free software movement , the free redistribution policy of this journal , and the practice of free community science for developing diagnostic disease classifications [ 1 ] are all based on the same fundamental principle : knowledge contributes to society when it can be shared and developed by communities .
the free software movement , the free redistribution policy of this journal , and the practice of free community science for developing [test] disease classifications [ 1 ] are all based on the same fundamental principle : knowledge contributes to society when it can be shared and developed by communities .

In 1994 ( BMJ 308 : 283–284 ) , Doug Altman , who was instrumental in developing the CONSORT guidelines for reporting of clinical trials , said that “ huge sums of money are spent annually on research that is seriously flawed through the use of inappropriate designs , unrepresentative samples , small samples , incorrect methods of analysis , and faulty interpretation , ” and “ that quality control needs to be built in from the start rather than the failures being discarded. ” How can we ensure that the wealth of data pouring out of microarray and other molecular diagnostic studies is turned into meaningful knowledge ?
in 1994 ( bmj 308 : 283–284 ) , doug altman , who was instrumental in developing the consort guidelines for reporting of clinical trials , said that “ huge sums of money are spent annually on research that is seriously flawed through the use of inappropriate designs , unrepresentative samples , small samples , incorrect methods of analysis , and faulty interpretation , ” and “ that quality control needs to be built in from the start rather than the failures being discarded. ” how can we ensure that the wealth of data pouring out of microarray and other molecular [test] studies is turned into meaningful knowledge ?

Diagnostic Peripheral Blood Mononuclear Cell Gene Expression Signatures In MS , looking for markers of disease activity in the much more accessible peripheral blood does not require a significant leap of faith .
[test] peripheral blood mononuclear cell gene expression signatures in ms , looking for markers of disease activity in the much more accessible peripheral blood does not require a significant leap of faith .

Information about DNA markers linked to QTLs represents a powerful diagnostic tool that enables a breeder to select for specific introgressions of interest , a technique referred to as “ marker-assisted selection. ” This approach has proven to be extremely successful in several crop species ( tomato [ Bernacchi et al .
information about dna markers linked to qtls represents a powerful [test] tool that enables a breeder to select for specific introgressions of interest , a technique referred to as “ marker-assisted selection. ” this approach has proven to be extremely successful in several crop species ( tomato [ bernacchi et al .

We are expanding diagnostic and treatment abilities with our new PET scanner .
we are expanding [test] and treatment abilities with our new pet scanner .

As Chair of Diagnostic Sciences for Indiana University School of Dentistry , Steve Bricker set a standard for excellence to which we all aspire .
as chair of [test] sciences for indiana university school of dentistry , steve bricker set a standard for excellence to which we all aspire .

The Bricker Scholarship will provide support for students engaged in graduate and post-graduate work in the diagnostic sciences at our dental school .
the bricker scholarship will provide support for students engaged in graduate and post-graduate work in the [test] sciences at our dental school .

Sullivan is not the first reader to have posed this profound diagnostic question .
sullivan is not the first reader to have posed this profound [test] question .

Of course , such a diagnostic system may prove to be more unwieldy in the end and to annoy insurance companies ( who hold frightening sway over all health-care endeavors ) , and it is politically unlikely that such a dramatic shift will occur any time in the near future .
of course , such a [test] system may prove to be more unwieldy in the end and to annoy insurance companies ( who hold frightening sway over all health-care endeavors ) , and it is politically unlikely that such a dramatic shift will occur any time in the near future .

Laypersons should realize that the DSM and its diagnostic categories are a human construction , created in order to describe the variety of human emotional and mental disturbances .
laypersons should realize that the dsm and its [test] categories are a human construction , created in order to describe the variety of human emotional and mental disturbances .

Dodd is optimistic that smell tests could become a front-line diagnostic tool .
dodd is optimistic that smell tests could become a front-line [test] tool .

I want a full diagnostic ! ''
i want a full [test] ! ''

Thurston , a member of the editorial board that oversees the publication of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual , or DSM , said the group was debating whether to expand a previous category of addiction in order to cover the new condition .
thurston , a member of the editorial board that oversees the publication of the [test] and statistical manual , or dsm , said the group was debating whether to expand a previous category of addiction in order to cover the new condition .

They quoted the Helsinki Declaration of the World Health Organization : `` In any medical study , every patient -- including those of a control group , if any -- should be assured of the best proven diagnostic and therapeutic methods . ''
they quoted the helsinki declaration of the world health organization : `` in any medical study , every patient -- including those of a control group , if any -- should be assured of the best proven [test] and therapeutic methods . ''

It 's easy for parents to feel self-righteous when doctors ask questions as if they 're cops , but as advanced as medicine has become , questions are still our main diagnostic test for abuse .
it 's easy for parents to feel self-righteous when doctors ask questions as if they 're cops , but as advanced as medicine has become , questions are still our main [test] test for abuse .

Nowadays , though , news of a freshly minted mental disorder -- or , better yet , a new edition of the American Psychiatric Association 's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders containing many such novelties -- tends to be an occasion for merriment .
nowadays , though , news of a freshly minted mental disorder -- or , better yet , a new edition of the american psychiatric association 's [test] and statistical manual of mental disorders containing many such novelties -- tends to be an occasion for merriment .

Recently I accompanied my wife to San Francisco where she underwent a series of diagnostic tests at the UCSF/ Mount Zion Medical Center , which , I gathered , was basically a Jewish institution .
recently i accompanied my wife to san francisco where she underwent a series of [test] tests at the ucsf/ mount zion medical center , which , i gathered , was basically a jewish institution .

When NMR ` Nuclear Magnetic Resonance , ' which is now better referred to as MRI ` Magnetic Resonance Imaging , ' was first introduced to the medical community , many consumer advocates and insurance people , fearing the escalating health-care costs associated with this expensive diagnostic procedure , thought a better translation would be ` No More Radiologists . '
when nmr ` nuclear magnetic resonance , ' which is now better referred to as mri ` magnetic resonance imaging , ' was first introduced to the medical community , many consumer advocates and insurance people , fearing the escalating health-care costs associated with this expensive [test] procedure , thought a better translation would be ` no more radiologists . '

What better accompaniment to the cacophonous examples listed than blinkenlights : n. Front-panel diagnostic lights on a computer , esp .
what better accompaniment to the cacophonous examples listed than blinkenlights : n. front-panel [test] lights on a computer , esp .

The 1988 quotation of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual ( DSM-III ) returned Dorland 's Medical Dictionary to the 20th century : DSM-III is the standard psychiatric manual defining mental disorders .
the 1988 quotation of the [test] and statistical manual ( dsm-iii ) returned dorland 's medical dictionary to the 20th century : dsm-iii is the standard psychiatric manual defining mental disorders .

Diagnostic and Statistical Manual DSM-III-R ) , 1987 : The essential feature of Dementia is impairment in short-and long-term memory , associated with impairment in abstract thinking , impaired judgment , other disburbances of higher cortical function , or personality changes .
[test] and statistical manual dsm-iii-r ) , 1987 : the essential feature of dementia is impairment in short-and long-term memory , associated with impairment in abstract thinking , impaired judgment , other disburbances of higher cortical function , or personality changes .

All mental and physical disorders may interfere with work or usual social activities , hence these losses are not diagnostic of dementia .
all mental and physical disorders may interfere with work or usual social activities , hence these losses are not [test] of dementia .

