McGregor , of Carson Drive , Irvine , denied knowingly breaching the Data Protection Act by using information in the Scottish Criminal Records Office computer for other than police purposes and disclosing the information to another .
mcgregor , of carson drive , irvine , denied knowingly breaching the data protection act by using information in the scottish criminal records office computer for other than police purposes and [tells] the information to another .

The Conservative Party took the rare step of disclosing the amounts after Prime Minister John Major faced a demand from Labour leader John Smith to change the law , forcing political parties to make public the donations they received .
the conservative party took the rare step of [tells] the amounts after prime minister john major faced a demand from labour leader john smith to change the law , forcing political parties to make public the donations they received .

The faithful elucidated the mysteries of Indirect Rule with the theological rapture of early Christians disclosing to themselves the nature of the Trinity .
the faithful elucidated the mysteries of indirect rule with the theological rapture of early christians [tells] to themselves the nature of the trinity .

Privately , they have backed Lamb and admired him for disclosing the Pakistanis ' ball-scuffing skulduggery .
privately , they have backed lamb and admired him for [tells] the pakistanis ' ball-scuffing skulduggery .

The power was last exercised over 30 years ago in the case of Garry Allighan who , having launched the scurrilous accusation that some Members were disclosing confidential business for reward , was discovered to be the sole offender in this respect .
the power was last exercised over 30 years ago in the case of garry allighan who , having launched the scurrilous accusation that some members were [tells] confidential business for reward , was discovered to be the sole offender in this respect .

Disclosing information
[tells] information

The Commissioners awarded a further penalty of £1,080 , finding that the taxpayer was prevaricating and that as a professional man he had failed to give proper priority to disclosing building society information in full and in good time .
the commissioners awarded a further penalty of £1,080 , finding that the taxpayer was prevaricating and that as a professional man he had failed to give proper priority to [tells] building society information in full and in good time .

County did not declare its interest since it technically did not own the Union Bank holding , and its market maker was exempt by law from disclosing holdings bought in the normal course of business .
county did not declare its interest since it technically did not own the union bank holding , and its market maker was exempt by law from [tells] holdings bought in the normal course of business .

Nor is the subject referred to again until nearly two years later , when he surprised everyone by suddenly disclosing what he had heard at the Council and proposed to carry out fully in future .
nor is the subject referred to again until nearly two years later , when he surprised everyone by suddenly [tells] what he had heard at the council and proposed to carry out fully in future .

This imperative he saw as disclosing three ‘ postulates of practical reason ’ , three presuppositions or fundamental conditions without which the categorical imperative itself would lack any ultimate basis .
this imperative he saw as [tells] three ‘ postulates of practical reason ’ , three presuppositions or fundamental conditions without which the categorical imperative itself would lack any ultimate basis .

If you require any advice on your legal position ( for example , how having had the test may affect your life insurance prospects or what to do about disclosing the result ) , then contact The Terrence Higgins Trust Legal Line on .
if you require any advice on your legal position ( for example , how having had the test may affect your life insurance prospects or what to do about [tells] the result ) , then contact the terrence higgins trust legal line on .

Shem and Ham , however , were greasy Orientals , gaming-house or strip-club proprietors , in pin-striped suits , with black curls and red , smiling mouths disclosing gold teeth .
shem and ham , however , were greasy orientals , gaming-house or strip-club proprietors , in pin-striped suits , with black curls and red , smiling mouths [tells] gold teeth .

The solicitor , for example , when interviewing a client has to draw from him by questions many legally relevant facts that the client has not thought of disclosing .
the solicitor , for example , when interviewing a client has to draw from him by questions many legally relevant facts that the client has not thought of [tells] .

The curtain rose disclosing a set which for strident artificiality compared favourably with the train display in the toy shop .
the curtain rose [tells] a set which for strident artificiality compared favourably with the train display in the toy shop .

’ Then without disclosing how — if he had the money to proceed on his own , he would not now be displaying that same information on Esther 's desk — he pressed her for a response .
’ then without [tells] how — if he had the money to proceed on his own , he would not now be displaying that same information on esther 's desk — he pressed her for a response .

In my judgment , the letter to Mr. Purkayastha , fairly construed in its context , falls far short of disclosing an error of law .
in my judgment , the letter to mr. purkayastha , fairly construed in its context , falls far short of [tells] an error of law .

The second part of this work will be aimed at disclosing initially the original set of political , historical and cultural circumstances in which Nizan 's literature was produced .
the second part of this work will be aimed at [tells] initially the original set of political , historical and cultural circumstances in which nizan 's literature was produced .

The barrister reacted to a situation created by the judge ; he felt that he must try to convey at once to the jury that his client was not being obstructive or reticent about disclosing a statement .
the barrister reacted to a situation created by the judge ; he felt that he must try to convey at once to the jury that his client was not being obstructive or reticent about [tells] a statement .

This of course would involve disclosing a customer 's confidential information .
this of course would involve [tells] a customer 's confidential information .

It was manifest that the powers under section 39 overrode the duty of confidence , in particular having regard to the requirements of Schedule 3 , where breach of customers ' confidence was inevitable , for example when disclosing loans or deposits for the purposes of that Schedule ; the same applied to disclosure of large exposures under section 38 .
it was manifest that the powers under section 39 overrode the duty of confidence , in particular having regard to the requirements of schedule 3 , where breach of customers ' confidence was inevitable , for example when [tells] loans or deposits for the purposes of that schedule ; the same applied to disclosure of large exposures under section 38 .

‘ If he were to institute proceedings for infringement before the patent for the invention was sealed , the procedural requirement of the proviso would not be satisfied but a statement of claim could not be struck out as disclosing no cause of action although it might be liable to be struck out as an abuse of the process of the court .
‘ if he were to institute proceedings for infringement before the patent for the invention was sealed , the procedural requirement of the proviso would not be satisfied but a statement of claim could not be struck out as [tells] no cause of action although it might be liable to be struck out as an abuse of the process of the court .

Thus , for example , a defendant may be required to answer an interrogatory disclosing the whereabouts of property which has been surreptitiously acquired .
thus , for example , a defendant may be required to answer an interrogatory [tells] the whereabouts of property which has been surreptitiously acquired .

Most of the houses were well maintained with the few rooms that were still lit disclosing the appurtenances of middle-class living : paintings and prints , a piano , a music-stand , crammed bookshelves .
most of the houses were well maintained with the few rooms that were still lit [tells] the appurtenances of middle-class living : paintings and prints , a piano , a music-stand , crammed bookshelves .

The former civil servant , Clive Ponting , was taken to court for disclosing information about the sinking of the Argentine ship , the Belgrano , during the Falklands conflict .
the former civil servant , clive ponting , was taken to court for [tells] information about the sinking of the argentine ship , the belgrano , during the falklands conflict .

Clarence had sexual intercourse with his wife knowing that he was suffering from venereal disease and without disclosing this fact to her .
clarence had sexual intercourse with his wife knowing that he was suffering from venereal disease and without [tells] this fact to her .

During employment the employee may damage his employer 's business in the following ways : ( a ) working for a competitor during his hours of employment ; ( b ) working for a competitor in his spare time ; ( c ) making preparations in order to compete with his employer after he has left ; ( d ) disclosing or using the employer 's business secrets ; or ( e ) failing to disclose information which may be of use to his employer and in some instances personally profiting from its use .
during employment the employee may damage his employer 's business in the following ways : ( a ) working for a competitor during his hours of employment ; ( b ) working for a competitor in his spare time ; ( c ) making preparations in order to compete with his employer after he has left ; ( d ) [tells] or using the employer 's business secrets ; or ( e ) failing to disclose information which may be of use to his employer and in some instances personally profiting from its use .

Once employment has terminated the employee may still damage his former employer 's business by : ( a ) competing with his former employer ; ( b ) canvassing or soliciting his former employer 's business connections ; ( c ) using or disclosing his former employer 's business secrets ; or ( d ) enticing his former colleagues away from his former employer to his new employer or business .
once employment has terminated the employee may still damage his former employer 's business by : ( a ) competing with his former employer ; ( b ) canvassing or soliciting his former employer 's business connections ; ( c ) using or [tells] his former employer 's business secrets ; or ( d ) enticing his former colleagues away from his former employer to his new employer or business .

For example , a clause that states that the firm may act as principal or agent may be interpreted as defining the firm 's duties , excluding liability for breach of duty in the event that it should act as principal , or disclosing that it sometimes acts as principal .
for example , a clause that states that the firm may act as principal or agent may be interpreted as defining the firm 's duties , excluding liability for breach of duty in the event that it should act as principal , or [tells] that it sometimes acts as principal .

Disclosing the report
[tells] the report

Form 63 requires a statutory declaration ( in Form 14 ) by either the cautioner or her solicitor disclosing the nature of the cautioner 's interest .
form 63 requires a statutory declaration ( in form 14 ) by either the cautioner or her solicitor [tells] the nature of the cautioner 's interest .

Experts prefer to issue `` non-speaking `` decisions : ie those not disclosing their reasons .
experts prefer to issue `` non-speaking `` decisions : ie those not [tells] their reasons .

Before disclosing the agreement the vendor should ensure that he is not in breach of any confidentiality undertakings contained in the agreement and if necessary first obtain the consent of the other parties before disclosing the agreement to the purchaser .
before [tells] the agreement the vendor should ensure that he is not in breach of any confidentiality undertakings contained in the agreement and if necessary first obtain the consent of the other parties before [tells] the agreement to the purchaser .

There was seen to be a need to protect such witnesses as a Swiss banker who is prevented by Swiss law from disclosing bank details , or a French physician whose duty of professional secrecy is enforced under severe professional sanctions .
there was seen to be a need to protect such witnesses as a swiss banker who is prevented by swiss law from [tells] bank details , or a french physician whose duty of professional secrecy is enforced under severe professional sanctions .

the no profit rule — a conglomerate , when acting as a fiduciary must not make a secret profit from his position without first obtaining the consent of the principal and disclosing the profit ;
the no profit rule — a conglomerate , when acting as a fiduciary must not make a secret profit from his position without first obtaining the consent of the principal and [tells] the profit ;

Anyone in possession of material inside information must either disclose it to the investing public or if he is disabled from disclosing it in order to protect a corporate confidence , or he chooses not to do so , must abstain from trading in or recommending the securities concerned while such inside information remains undisclosed .
anyone in possession of material inside information must either disclose it to the investing public or if he is disabled from [tells] it in order to protect a corporate confidence , or he chooses not to do so , must abstain from trading in or recommending the securities concerned while such inside information remains undisclosed .

Coetzee was found guilty of currency smuggling , telephone tapping and disclosing official information .
coetzee was found guilty of currency smuggling , telephone tapping and [tells] official information .

Curiously pursuers ' agents to date have tended to follow the specific wording of the rule , namely disclosing ‘ the substance of the evidence ’ by which they have simply produced the factual statement by the Expert and excluded his opinion or conclusion .
curiously pursuers ' agents to date have tended to follow the specific wording of the rule , namely [tells] ‘ the substance of the evidence ’ by which they have simply produced the factual statement by the expert and excluded his opinion or conclusion .

Inside the walls among Medieval and later houses , are considerable remains of Roman buildings and careful excavation in recent times is still disclosing more of the semi-underground parts of the palace itself .
inside the walls among medieval and later houses , are considerable remains of roman buildings and careful excavation in recent times is still [tells] more of the semi-underground parts of the palace itself .

We are acting for [ Prospective Purchaser ] . In consideration of your disclosing to us on your own behalf [ and on behalf of the vendors ] the confidential information listed in the memorandum issued by [ ] dated [ ] concerning the proposed disposal of [ the share capital ] / [ business ] of Prospective Target , we undertake [ both to you and to the vendors ] that we shall :
we are acting for [ prospective purchaser ] . in consideration of your [tells] to us on your own behalf [ and on behalf of the vendors ] the confidential information listed in the memorandum issued by [ ] dated [ ] concerning the proposed disposal of [ the share capital ] / [ business ] of prospective target , we undertake [ both to you and to the vendors ] that we shall :

We are acting for [ Prospective Purchaser ] . In consideration of your disclosing to us on your own behalf [ and on behalf of the vendors ] the confidential information listed in the memorandum issued by [ ] dated [ ] concerning the proposed disposal of [ the share capital ] / [ business ] of Prospective Target , we undertake [ both to you and to the vendors ] that we shall :
we are acting for [ prospective purchaser ] . in consideration of your [tells] to us on your own behalf [ and on behalf of the vendors ] the confidential information listed in the memorandum issued by [ ] dated [ ] concerning the proposed disposal of [ the share capital ] / [ business ] of prospective target , we undertake [ both to you and to the vendors ] that we shall :

The third characteristic referred to above is that the agent must be authorised to deal with goods in his own name without disclosing his agency .
the third characteristic referred to above is that the agent must be authorised to deal with goods in his own name without [tells] his agency .

He is an agent entrusted with the possession of goods of several principals , or sometimes only one principal , for the purpose of sale in his own name without disclosing the name of this principal and he is remunerated by a commission .
he is an agent entrusted with the possession of goods of several principals , or sometimes only one principal , for the purpose of sale in his own name without [tells] the name of this principal and he is remunerated by a commission .

At the end of the hall there was a door that stood open , disclosing a dilapidated lavatory .
at the end of the hall there was a door that stood open , [tells] a dilapidated lavatory .

There had been strong anti-JNA feeling in Slovenia since the notorious 1988 trial of journalists and a warrant officer accused of illegally disclosing secret plans for a military clampdown against Slovene liberals [ see pp .
there had been strong anti-jna feeling in slovenia since the notorious 1988 trial of journalists and a warrant officer accused of illegally [tells] secret plans for a military clampdown against slovene liberals [ see pp .

It was the fifth test since the French government 's adoption of a new policy of disclosing all such tests , announced in May 1990 [ not 1989 as wrongly stated on p. 37886 ] .
it was the fifth test since the french government 's adoption of a new policy of [tells] all such tests , announced in may 1990 [ not 1989 as wrongly stated on p. 37886 ] .

If the accused later discovers the defect in title and sells the item without disclosing the defect , he will have obtained the sale price by deception , the deception being that he has a good title .
if the accused later discovers the defect in title and sells the item without [tells] the defect , he will have obtained the sale price by deception , the deception being that he has a good title .

The House of Lords held that the surgeon had followed approved practice of neuro-surgeons in not disclosing the risk of damage to the spinal cord and was not negligent .
the house of lords held that the surgeon had followed approved practice of neuro-surgeons in not [tells] the risk of damage to the spinal cord and was not negligent .

The speaker has , in the past , paid a fine for not disclosing fully his property ventures with lobbyists .
the speaker has , in the past , paid a fine for not [tells] fully his property ventures with lobbyists .

Earlier , during a visit to Southampton , he denied party strategy had been hi-jacked by the debate over proportional representation , disclosing that the decision to highlight constitutional issues on Democracy Day was taken a fortnight ago .
earlier , during a visit to southampton , he denied party strategy had been hi-jacked by the debate over proportional representation , [tells] that the decision to highlight constitutional issues on democracy day was taken a fortnight ago .

In the centre of his chest , where there was a heart motif on his tunic , there was a ragged hole disclosing his real heart , which looked to have been squeezed by an iron fist .
in the centre of his chest , where there was a heart motif on his tunic , there was a ragged hole [tells] his real heart , which looked to have been squeezed by an iron fist .

Mr De Klerk 's announcement was accompanied by a statement from his Justice Minister that prosecutions would immediately be launched — against the two men responsible for disclosing the fact that the police have been carrying out officially sanctioned murders .
mr de klerk 's announcement was accompanied by a statement from his justice minister that prosecutions would immediately be launched — against the two men responsible for [tells] the fact that the police have been carrying out officially sanctioned murders .

Sitting with Lords Justices Gibson and McCowan , he said : ‘ If he has no intention of disclosing his source , whatever the House of Lords , which is the ultimate court of justice in this country , may say , then we see absolutely no reason why we should assist him . ’
sitting with lords justices gibson and mccowan , he said : ‘ if he has no intention of [tells] his source , whatever the house of lords , which is the ultimate court of justice in this country , may say , then we see absolutely no reason why we should assist him . ’

• use disclosing tablets to see where brushing is inadequate
• use [tells] tablets to see where brushing is inadequate

The freedom of information lobby advocates the maximum possible openness by state and public authorities in disclosing information they hold ; the state is a great collector of personal information — should that be publicly disclosed too ?
the freedom of information lobby advocates the maximum possible openness by state and public authorities in [tells] information they hold ; the state is a great collector of personal information — should that be publicly disclosed too ?

Without disclosing the actual reason for the call , Mrs Payne was visited .
without [tells] the actual reason for the call , mrs payne was visited .

The next step , that of being ‘ participant as an observer ’ , requires observers to adopt roles which enable them to become a member of a group and yet to be able to ask questions without fully disclosing their roles as researchers .
the next step , that of being ‘ participant as an observer ’ , requires observers to adopt roles which enable them to become a member of a group and yet to be able to ask questions without fully [tells] their roles as researchers .

In a recent insolvency case before the Court of First Instance , it was claimed by an applicant that disclosing an agreement to a national authority would irreparably damage that party 's relations with its own national government .
in a recent insolvency case before the court of first instance , it was claimed by an applicant that [tells] an agreement to a national authority would irreparably damage that party 's relations with its own national government .

When everyone was served , Zak the investigator along through Scene Two , disclosing the details of the attempted kidnap of one of the horses and leaving a tantalizing question mark in the shape of which one ?
when everyone was served , zak the investigator along through scene two , [tells] the details of the attempted kidnap of one of the horses and leaving a tantalizing question mark in the shape of which one ?

His greatest moment came in July 1977 when he was sacked from the manager 's post at Manchester United after disclosing the fact that he was having an affair with Mary Brown , wife of the club 's physiotherapist , Laurie Brown .
his greatest moment came in july 1977 when he was sacked from the manager 's post at manchester united after [tells] the fact that he was having an affair with mary brown , wife of the club 's physiotherapist , laurie brown .

Enthusiasm will help in the endless task of unfolding our own potential , and disclosing the hidden secrets about ourselves .
enthusiasm will help in the endless task of unfolding our own potential , and [tells] the hidden secrets about ourselves .

respect confidential information obtained in the course of professional practice and refrain from disclosing such information without the consent of the patient/client or a person entitled to act on his/her behalf except where disclosure is required by law or by order of a court , or is necessary in the public interest .
respect confidential information obtained in the course of professional practice and refrain from [tells] such information without the consent of the patient/client or a person entitled to act on his/her behalf except where disclosure is required by law or by order of a court , or is necessary in the public interest .

For example , such employees were less likely to be tricked into disclosing sensitive information or passwords .
for example , such employees were less likely to be tricked into [tells] sensitive information or passwords .

Users disclosing sensitive information or passwords in response to seemingly innocent requests from strangers either over the phone or in person can provide intruders easy access to an organization 's information and systems .
users [tells] sensitive information or passwords in response to seemingly innocent requests from strangers either over the phone or in person can provide intruders easy access to an organization 's information and systems .

Without adequate awareness about the risks involved in disclosing sensitive information , users may volunteer information which can allow an intruder to circumvent otherwise well-designed access controls .
without adequate awareness about the risks involved in [tells] sensitive information , users may volunteer information which can allow an intruder to circumvent otherwise well-designed access controls .

Disclosing the records we are seeking would not reveal communications between the President and his advisers and would not unconstitutionally interfere with the functioning of the executive branch .
[tells] the records we are seeking would not reveal communications between the president and his advisers and would not unconstitutionally interfere with the functioning of the executive branch .

This presentation includes ( 1 ) noting what kind of assessment you relied on , ( 2 ) explaining the steps in the assessment , and ( 3 ) disclosing any data limitations .
this presentation includes ( 1 ) noting what kind of assessment you relied on , ( 2 ) explaining the steps in the assessment , and ( 3 ) [tells] any data limitations .

Obtaining Agency Comments offices have , through Senate and House intranet connections to GAO , access to the objectives , scope , and methodology of active GAO assignments , except for those cases where the reporting of such work would result in disclosing classified or other sensitive information .
obtaining agency comments offices have , through senate and house intranet connections to gao , access to the objectives , scope , and methodology of active gao assignments , except for those cases where the reporting of such work would result in [tells] classified or other sensitive information .

When reporting on the results of their work , auditors are responsible for disclosing all material or significant facts known to them which , if not disclosed , could mislead knowledgeable users , misrepresent the results , or conceal improper or unlawful practices .
when reporting on the results of their work , auditors are responsible for [tells] all material or significant facts known to them which , if not disclosed , could mislead knowledgeable users , misrepresent the results , or conceal improper or unlawful practices .

For example , such employees were less likely to be tricked into disclosing sensitive information or passwords .
for example , such employees were less likely to be tricked into [tells] sensitive information or passwords .

Users disclosing sensitive information or passwords in response to seemingly innocent requests from strangers either over the phone or in person can provide intruders easy access to an organization 's information and systems .
users [tells] sensitive information or passwords in response to seemingly innocent requests from strangers either over the phone or in person can provide intruders easy access to an organization 's information and systems .

Without adequate awareness about the risks involved in disclosing sensitive information , users may volunteer information which can allow an intruder to circumvent otherwise well-designed access controls .
without adequate awareness about the risks involved in [tells] sensitive information , users may volunteer information which can allow an intruder to circumvent otherwise well-designed access controls .

Handling and Disclosing Information The Congress has given GAO broad statutory rights of access to a wide range of federal agency documents .
handling and [tells] information the congress has given gao broad statutory rights of access to a wide range of federal agency documents .

C , Title XVII ) -GPEA requires that by 2003 federal agencies provide , where practicable , for the option of submitting , maintaining , or disclosing information in electronic form as a substitute for paper , and for the use and acceptance of electronic signatures .
c , title xvii ) -gpea requires that by 2003 federal agencies provide , where practicable , for the option of submitting , maintaining , or [tells] information in electronic form as a substitute for paper , and for the use and acceptance of electronic signatures .

Intelligence reports , interviews of Saudi hijackers ' families , Dec. 22 , 2001 ; July 17 , 2002 ; Saudi Arabian Mabahith briefing ( Oct. 17 , 2003 ) ( disclosing that two of the muscle hijackers had married shortly before joining the plot and only one , Wail al Shehri , was employed , as a physical education teacher ) .
intelligence reports , interviews of saudi hijackers ' families , dec. 22 , 2001 ; july 17 , 2002 ; saudi arabian mabahith briefing ( oct. 17 , 2003 ) ( [tells] that two of the muscle hijackers had married shortly before joining the plot and only one , wail al shehri , was employed , as a physical education teacher ) .

It was harder still to do so without disclosing secrets .
it was harder still to do so without [tells] secrets .

Financial relationships between industry , researchers , and academic institutions are widespread [ 4 ] , and disclosing these competing interests is a crucial step in helping to protect the public and the reputation of authors and of PLoS Medicine .
financial relationships between industry , researchers , and academic institutions are widespread [ 4 ] , and [tells] these competing interests is a crucial step in helping to protect the public and the reputation of authors and of plos medicine .

Disclosing information from a grand-jury proceeding violates the federal rules of criminal procedure and would subject attorneys in Starr 's office to contempt charges and possibly jail time .
[tells] information from a grand-jury proceeding violates the federal rules of criminal procedure and would subject attorneys in starr 's office to contempt charges and possibly jail time .

What it does view as a fundamental violation of Christian charity is detractio : disclosing another human being 's private failings and weaknesses in order to ruin his good name or otherwise bring him into discredit .
what it does view as a fundamental violation of christian charity is detractio : [tells] another human being 's private failings and weaknesses in order to ruin his good name or otherwise bring him into discredit .

Disclosing every last humiliating detail of Clinton 's sex life occupies the dead center of what traditional Christianity means by sin -- and is perhaps even more deeply wrong than either committing or concealing adultery .
[tells] every last humiliating detail of clinton 's sex life occupies the dead center of what traditional christianity means by sin -- and is perhaps even more deeply wrong than either committing or concealing adultery .

Confidential to Martin : You might have had a better chance of getting your money had the Globe not run a `` World Exclusive '' interview in which you 're quoted disclosing `` titillating details '' about your ex 's sexual fantasies and happy-hour proclivities .
confidential to martin : you might have had a better chance of getting your money had the globe not run a `` world exclusive '' interview in which you 're quoted [tells] `` titillating details '' about your ex 's sexual fantasies and happy-hour proclivities .

DeLay is now launching a $ 25 million fund-raising campaign to fight trade unions through the innovative method of establishing a nonprofit corporation that can raise unlimited cash without disclosing donors , a plan his fellow Republican congressman Chris Shays calls , `` unbelievably sick . ''
delay is now launching a $ 25 million fund-raising campaign to fight trade unions through the innovative method of establishing a nonprofit corporation that can raise unlimited cash without [tells] donors , a plan his fellow republican congressman chris shays calls , `` unbelievably sick . ''

Here 's what she said , after disclosing that she recently saw Demi Moore on a talk show looking more feminine , like an `` innocent , wistful pixie , '' than her on-screen character in G.I .
here 's what she said , after [tells] that she recently saw demi moore on a talk show looking more feminine , like an `` innocent , wistful pixie , '' than her on-screen character in g.i .

Because Chatterbox thinks disclosure of non-advertising business revenue sources should be a news-industry norm , he will hereby do a little disclosing of his own .
because chatterbox thinks disclosure of non-advertising business revenue sources should be a news-industry norm , he will hereby do a little [tells] of his own .

It argues that publicly disclosing key evidence , as normal courts require , can expose and endanger its intelligence sources , and that the unspeakable alternative is to allow suspected terrorists to remain in the country .
it argues that publicly [tells] key evidence , as normal courts require , can expose and endanger its intelligence sources , and that the unspeakable alternative is to allow suspected terrorists to remain in the country .

A front-page LAT story reports that the current New England Journal of Medicine carries a favorable review of two hair-loss products without disclosing that the paper 's author has some financial ties to the drugs ' manufacturers , a situation expressly forbidden by the journal 's guidelines .
a front-page lat story reports that the current new england journal of medicine carries a favorable review of two hair-loss products without [tells] that the paper 's author has some financial ties to the drugs ' manufacturers , a situation expressly forbidden by the journal 's guidelines .

Everybody reports inside that Linda Tripp yesterday sued the White House and the Pentagon , contending that both violated her privacy by unlawfully disclosing information about her from her personnel file and other government records .
everybody reports inside that linda tripp yesterday sued the white house and the pentagon , contending that both violated her privacy by unlawfully [tells] information about her from her personnel file and other government records .

Wonder why the NYT semi-outed its own sources , saying they are `` lawyers , '' which leaves them quite vulnerable to punishment by the judge , who warned the lawyers in the case against disclosing her sealed rulings .
wonder why the nyt semi-outed its own sources , saying they are `` lawyers , '' which leaves them quite vulnerable to punishment by the judge , who warned the lawyers in the case against [tells] her sealed rulings .

The compositional possibilities must have seemed endless , every change in the light disclosing a fresh set of visual effects waiting to be captured .
the compositional possibilities must have seemed endless , every change in the light [tells] a fresh set of visual effects waiting to be captured .

If Isikoff and Tripp were both stoking the story so they could profit from it in the form of book deals -- and not disclosing that fact to Isikoff 's readers , as he had not in his August story -- that would have been inappropriate to say the least .
if isikoff and tripp were both stoking the story so they could profit from it in the form of book deals -- and not [tells] that fact to isikoff 's readers , as he had not in his august story -- that would have been inappropriate to say the least .

It 's impossible to read his book , with its righteous denunciations of `` tawdry voyeurism , '' and think his main complaint with the coverage of Clinton 's sex life is that it was n't forthright enough about the pleasures of disclosing the `` private lives of public people . ''
it 's impossible to read his book , with its righteous denunciations of `` tawdry voyeurism , '' and think his main complaint with the coverage of clinton 's sex life is that it was n't forthright enough about the pleasures of [tells] the `` private lives of public people . ''

Imagine how Slate and others would slice me up if you found out I was running a magazine about journalism -- one that some call a `` watchdog '' -- and was getting paid writing assignments from one of the organizations I was supposed to be watching and , of course , not disclosing it on the pages of the magazine whenever the magazine writes about that organization .
imagine how slate and others would slice me up if you found out i was running a magazine about journalism -- one that some call a `` watchdog '' -- and was getting paid writing assignments from one of the organizations i was supposed to be watching and , of course , not [tells] it on the pages of the magazine whenever the magazine writes about that organization .

The information , however , only flows one way : Banks are prohibited from disclosing to customers that they tattled to the government , and an act of Congress shields financial institutions from liability suits .
the information , however , only flows one way : banks are prohibited from [tells] to customers that they tattled to the government , and an act of congress shields financial institutions from liability suits .

The NYT front tells of a U.N. report just out disclosing that in certain parts of Africa one in four adults is infected with HIV -- and most of them will die as a result because Africans can not for the most part afford the combination drug therapies that can keep the virus in check -- and that worldwide , AIDS now rivals the greatest epidemics of history .
the nyt front tells of a u.n. report just out [tells] that in certain parts of africa one in four adults is infected with hiv -- and most of them will die as a result because africans can not for the most part afford the combination drug therapies that can keep the virus in check -- and that worldwide , aids now rivals the greatest epidemics of history .

