Last week Chicago happily found its top scholar in Caltech's acting dean of the faculty : dynamic Geneticist George Wells Beadle , 57 , who shared the 1958 Nobel Prize in medicine and physiology for discovering how genes affect heredity by controlling cell chemistry ( Time , Cover , July 14 , 1958 ) .
last week chicago happily found its top scholar in caltech's acting dean of the faculty : dynamic geneticist george wells beadle , 57 , who shared the 1958 nobel prize in medicine and physiology for [finding out] how genes affect heredity by controlling cell chemistry ( time , cover , july 14 , 1958 ) .

That exchange was not only possible but commonplace last week in Manhattan , as more and more New Yorkers were discovering 29th Street and Eighth Avenue , where half a dozen small nightclubs with names like Arabian Nights , Grecian Palace and Egyptian Gardens are the American inpost of belly dancing .
that exchange was not only possible but commonplace last week in manhattan , as more and more new yorkers were [finding out] 29th street and eighth avenue , where half a dozen small nightclubs with names like arabian nights , grecian palace and egyptian gardens are the american inpost of belly dancing .

These childhood experiences are sources of the self-certainty that the adolescent needs , for experimenting with many roles , and for the freedom to fail sometimes in the process of exploring and discovering her skills and abilities .
these childhood experiences are sources of the self-certainty that the adolescent needs , for experimenting with many roles , and for the freedom to fail sometimes in the process of exploring and [finding out] her skills and abilities .

Henrietta was discovering in the process of writing , as the born writer does , not merely a channel for the discharge of accumulated information but a stimulus to the development of the creative powers of observation , insight and intuition .
henrietta was [finding out] in the process of writing , as the born writer does , not merely a channel for the discharge of accumulated information but a stimulus to the development of the creative powers of observation , insight and intuition .

We first see him shaking Mrs. Joe's hand on discovering the sizable amount of the premium paid to her husband for Pip's indenture as an apprentice and later pumping Pip's hands `` for the hundredth time at least '' ( `` May I -- may I -- '' ? ?
we first see him shaking mrs. joe's hand on [finding out] the sizable amount of the premium paid to her husband for pip's indenture as an apprentice and later pumping pip's hands `` for the hundredth time at least '' ( `` may i -- may i -- '' ? ?

Discovering that draperies could be designed to serve structural purposes , he began a study of the anatomy of folds .
[finding out] that draperies could be designed to serve structural purposes , he began a study of the anatomy of folds .

`` Just you wait '' , said Arlene again , as though she were discovering the pleasantly tingling insinuations of that handy little sturdy statement .
`` just you wait '' , said arlene again , as though she were [finding out] the pleasantly tingling insinuations of that handy little sturdy statement .

But now they 've got got the additional worry of discovering that the applications they made to various universities and polytechnics back in October may never have been sent .
but now they 've got got the additional worry of [finding out] that the applications they made to various universities and polytechnics back in october may never have been sent .

But in the real world , where most of us enjoy our horses and look on them as part of the family , pony power can really score . More and more adults are discovering that ponies can give as much fun ( if not more ) than horses , and can do twice as much for half the price !
but in the real world , where most of us enjoy our horses and look on them as part of the family , pony power can really score . more and more adults are [finding out] that ponies can give as much fun ( if not more ) than horses , and can do twice as much for half the price !

The troughs are realising you have forgotten something you learned right at the beginning , finding out you have been saying ‘ taste ’ instead of ‘ try ’ for six months , falling asleep over vocabulary , believing you are ready to understand speeches without help and discovering you are not , being corrected by another non-native speaker who has been at it the same time as you , and taking an hour to tell a Lada joke .
the troughs are realising you have forgotten something you learned right at the beginning , finding out you have been saying ‘ taste ’ instead of ‘ try ’ for six months , falling asleep over vocabulary , believing you are ready to understand speeches without help and [finding out] you are not , being corrected by another non-native speaker who has been at it the same time as you , and taking an hour to tell a lada joke .

Delighted course team leader Alan Brookfield said Michael had spent hours testing out various recipes before discovering the winning combination .
delighted course team leader alan brookfield said michael had spent hours testing out various recipes before [finding out] the winning combination .

Instead he 's been door knocking round the lanes of Leicestershire , discovering what it 's like ‘ immensely enjoyable ’ to push the political boulder uphill .
instead he 's been door knocking round the lanes of leicestershire , [finding out] what it 's like ‘ immensely enjoyable ’ to push the political boulder uphill .

The study is aimed at discovering more about such matters .
the study is aimed at [finding out] more about such matters .

The announcement this week by the Cancer Research Campaign that scientists are close to discovering the gene responsible owes much to research carried out among a group of high-risk Scottish families .
the announcement this week by the cancer research campaign that scientists are close to [finding out] the gene responsible owes much to research carried out among a group of high-risk scottish families .

The thrill of discovering that he could break into secret files spurred Paul on to more daring data raids .
the thrill of [finding out] that he could break into secret files spurred paul on to more daring data raids .

During Christian Aid Week itself it is the finds we make for customers that delight us , whether it is discovering just the right dictionary to fit the schoolbag of the 7-year-old son of a young bus-driver , just one number of the National Geographic magazine to complete someone 's sequence , or some early Penguins or American periodicals for the University or National Library collections .
during christian aid week itself it is the finds we make for customers that delight us , whether it is [finding out] just the right dictionary to fit the schoolbag of the 7-year-old son of a young bus-driver , just one number of the national geographic magazine to complete someone 's sequence , or some early penguins or american periodicals for the university or national library collections .

As the months passed , Charlie became more and more aware of his customers ' needs and in turn they were discovering that his barrow was now offering better value for money than many of its rivals .
as the months passed , charlie became more and more aware of his customers ' needs and in turn they were [finding out] that his barrow was now offering better value for money than many of its rivals .

After Dan Salmon 's funeral , Charlie tried to read the Daily Chronicle every morning in the hope of discovering what the second battalion , Royal Fusiliers , were up to and where his father might be .
after dan salmon 's funeral , charlie tried to read the daily chronicle every morning in the hope of [finding out] what the second battalion , royal fusiliers , were up to and where his father might be .

Keith Pringle and his girlfriend Leanne Rees had repeatedly split up but got back together after discovering they could n't live apart .
keith pringle and his girlfriend leanne rees had repeatedly split up but got back together after [finding out] they could n't live apart .

‘ The most amazing part of the series for me was discovering that marriage is still very popular , ’ he says , shaking his head .
‘ the most amazing part of the series for me was [finding out] that marriage is still very popular , ’ he says , shaking his head .

Many of the cast were discovering Dickens for the first time .
many of the cast were [finding out] dickens for the first time .

Police are questioning at least three people after discovering a huge cache of semtex in a tea chest in East London .
police are questioning at least three people after [finding out] a huge cache of semtex in a tea chest in east london .

Oh yes , one of the , one of the surprises of this was discovering that in fact one of the people who knew Florence Kelly and indeed worked for her for a while , and who herself set up a minimum wage board in Washington , in the District of Columbia , is indeed still alive , and has very powerful memories of , of both the people and the activities of the movement .
oh yes , one of the , one of the surprises of this was [finding out] that in fact one of the people who knew florence kelly and indeed worked for her for a while , and who herself set up a minimum wage board in washington , in the district of columbia , is indeed still alive , and has very powerful memories of , of both the people and the activities of the movement .

What sort of molecules have you been discovering ?
what sort of molecules have you been [finding out] ?

The problem with this is that discovering what untrained ( or ‘ naive ’ ) speakers feel about their own language is not as easy as it might sound .
the problem with this is that [finding out] what untrained ( or ‘ naive ’ ) speakers feel about their own language is not as easy as it might sound .

Although most of these techniques are expensive and difficult to use , it is possible that at least some of them may become more easily available ; they can be very useful both for discovering in detail how English speakers produce their speech sounds , and for demonstrating to learners of English their pronunciation errors in a way that helps them to correct them .
although most of these techniques are expensive and difficult to use , it is possible that at least some of them may become more easily available ; they can be very useful both for [finding out] in detail how english speakers produce their speech sounds , and for demonstrating to learners of english their pronunciation errors in a way that helps them to correct them .

To help in discovering the organisation and the capabilities of our faculty for perceiving speech , we need to be able to produce very small and finely-controlled differences in speech sounds , and experimental phonetics has made much use of speech produced by machines called speech synthesisers .
to help in [finding out] the organisation and the capabilities of our faculty for perceiving speech , we need to be able to produce very small and finely-controlled differences in speech sounds , and experimental phonetics has made much use of speech produced by machines called speech synthesisers .

This is one of the great fascinations of being involved with living things , of discovering that the more one gets to know about natural things , the more there is still to find out .
this is one of the great fascinations of being involved with living things , of [finding out] that the more one gets to know about natural things , the more there is still to find out .

Jubert also recalls the man in his regiment who , returning from the front , was overjoyed to find his house on the outskirts of Verdun still intact ; but , on discovering that all its contents had been methodically plundered , he simply burst into laughter .
jubert also recalls the man in his regiment who , returning from the front , was overjoyed to find his house on the outskirts of verdun still intact ; but , on [finding out] that all its contents had been methodically plundered , he simply burst into laughter .

The Home Office has commissioned research from Professor Graham Davies of Leicester University who says it focuses on four key areas : observing how tapes are used in court and how children stand up under cross-examination ; tracking how many tapes are made and how many end up in court ; discovering the views of lawyers , judges , social workers , police who use the tapes ; and judging the memorandum 's influence over how recordings are made and questions asked .
the home office has commissioned research from professor graham davies of leicester university who says it focuses on four key areas : observing how tapes are used in court and how children stand up under cross-examination ; tracking how many tapes are made and how many end up in court ; [finding out] the views of lawyers , judges , social workers , police who use the tapes ; and judging the memorandum 's influence over how recordings are made and questions asked .

For the present , the team is concentrating on discovering the community 's needs and translating information on available services .
for the present , the team is concentrating on [finding out] the community 's needs and translating information on available services .

23 May 08.35 Alan Anderson , discovering that the ‘ Maranyl ’ quality manager is on holiday , contacts his deputy Richard Mann and briefs him on situation and on need for a customer visit .
23 may 08.35 alan anderson , [finding out] that the ‘ maranyl ’ quality manager is on holiday , contacts his deputy richard mann and briefs him on situation and on need for a customer visit .

But when it comes to discovering those original chord sequences , it 's not all late night slaving over an acoustic guitar .
but when it comes to [finding out] those original chord sequences , it 's not all late night slaving over an acoustic guitar .

However , today 's enlightened experts realize that there is little point in discovering important diet guidelines unless these can be presented to the public in a form which makes them realistic and easy to incorporate into daily eating .
however , today 's enlightened experts realize that there is little point in [finding out] important diet guidelines unless these can be presented to the public in a form which makes them realistic and easy to incorporate into daily eating .

There are few joys in life to compare with that of stepping on the scales and discovering that you weigh measurably less this week than you did last .
there are few joys in life to compare with that of stepping on the scales and [finding out] that you weigh measurably less this week than you did last .

For most of his career after discovering the similia principle , he was inundated with more patients than the average practitioner could have coped with .
for most of his career after [finding out] the similia principle , he was inundated with more patients than the average practitioner could have coped with .

He accordingly devoted his subsequent research efforts to discovering these plant remedies , which were to be related particularly to temperament , mood and states of mind .
he accordingly devoted his subsequent research efforts to [finding out] these plant remedies , which were to be related particularly to temperament , mood and states of mind .

The criminal law sees only some types of property deprivation as robbery or theft ; it excludes , for example , the separation of consumers and part of their money that follows manufacturers ' malpractices or advertisers ' misrepresentations ; it excludes shareholders losing their money because managers behaved in ways which they thought would be to the advantage of shareholders even though the only tangible benefits accrued to the managers ( Hopkins 1980b ) ; it excludes the extra tax citizens , in this or other countries , have to pay because : ( i ) corporations and the very wealthy are able to employ financial experts at discovering legal loopholes through which money can be safely transported to tax havens ; ( ii ) Defence Department officials have been bribed to order more expensive weaponry systems or missiles in ‘ excess ’ of those ‘ needed ’ ; ( iii ) multinational drug companies charge our National Health Services prices which are estimated to be at least , £50 millions in excess of alternative supplies .
the criminal law sees only some types of property deprivation as robbery or theft ; it excludes , for example , the separation of consumers and part of their money that follows manufacturers ' malpractices or advertisers ' misrepresentations ; it excludes shareholders losing their money because managers behaved in ways which they thought would be to the advantage of shareholders even though the only tangible benefits accrued to the managers ( hopkins 1980b ) ; it excludes the extra tax citizens , in this or other countries , have to pay because : ( i ) corporations and the very wealthy are able to employ financial experts at [finding out] legal loopholes through which money can be safely transported to tax havens ; ( ii ) defence department officials have been bribed to order more expensive weaponry systems or missiles in ‘ excess ’ of those ‘ needed ’ ; ( iii ) multinational drug companies charge our national health services prices which are estimated to be at least , £50 millions in excess of alternative supplies .

Alternative sources of information were investigated , with the aim of discovering additional information which could aid error detection , correction and even recognition .
alternative sources of information were investigated , with the aim of [finding out] additional information which could aid error detection , correction and even recognition .

So maybe the men are discovering their feminine sides while the women are discovering their masculine sides .
so maybe the men are [finding out] their feminine sides while the women are [finding out] their masculine sides .

There was a deep sense of prayer , an opportunity for reflection and an enjoyment in discovering more about our Catholic faith .
there was a deep sense of prayer , an opportunity for reflection and an enjoyment in [finding out] more about our catholic faith .

At the Whitworth Gallery , Manchester Discovering Sculpture brings together works ancient and modern .
at the whitworth gallery , manchester [finding out] sculpture brings together works ancient and modern .

Mr Crawford , plumber , had retreated embarrassed to his garage on discovering the identity of their guest , but children tumbled in and out to raid the fridge or show their mother some lurid trophy from the garden .
mr crawford , plumber , had retreated embarrassed to his garage on [finding out] the identity of their guest , but children tumbled in and out to raid the fridge or show their mother some lurid trophy from the garden .

During this time Dad was discovering how much he liked other people .
during this time dad was [finding out] how much he liked other people .

He played equally hard , and with the same restless energy , quickly discovering that the two worlds — his days of board meetings and company manoeuvres , his evenings and weekends of parties — overlapped , and fed one another .
he played equally hard , and with the same restless energy , quickly [finding out] that the two worlds — his days of board meetings and company manoeuvres , his evenings and weekends of parties — overlapped , and fed one another .

After the short service we were soon at Elham House in Friday Market where most of us stayed and busy discovering our rooms and overnight neighbours .
after the short service we were soon at elham house in friday market where most of us stayed and busy [finding out] our rooms and overnight neighbours .

imagine … Discovering a magnificent championship standard 18 hole Golf Course in the grounds of one of Northumberland 's most beautiful estates .
imagine … [finding out] a magnificent championship standard 18 hole golf course in the grounds of one of northumberland 's most beautiful estates .

There is not better introduction to discovering the Classical Masterpieces than through the ‘ Great Classical Collection ’ Club .
there is not better introduction to [finding out] the classical masterpieces than through the ‘ great classical collection ’ club .

Discovering new treatments and techniques in the fight against cancer is the aim of the Tenovus research teams .
[finding out] new treatments and techniques in the fight against cancer is the aim of the tenovus research teams .

At the Whitworth Gallery , Manchester Discovering Sculpture brings together works ancient and modern .
at the whitworth gallery , manchester [finding out] sculpture brings together works ancient and modern .

Trying to dissuade a father from sending his gay teenager to a psychiatrist ; calming someone who 's just been beaten up in a police cell ; sharing someone 's joy at discovering that there 's another lesbian in the next village , all serve to remove some of the complacency which can so easily set in .
trying to dissuade a father from sending his gay teenager to a psychiatrist ; calming someone who 's just been beaten up in a police cell ; sharing someone 's joy at [finding out] that there 's another lesbian in the next village , all serve to remove some of the complacency which can so easily set in .

Craigendarroch is the perfect base for discovering the surrounding countryside with its bustling towns , and picturesque villages .
craigendarroch is the perfect base for [finding out] the surrounding countryside with its bustling towns , and picturesque villages .

She felt again that same deep chill , that same sense of horror she had always felt when in the presence of such venom , as if she were discovering that evil really did exist , that liberal attitudes were vaporous , that filth could find its way into the universe and be embodied and spread relentlessly , terrifying those it infected .
she felt again that same deep chill , that same sense of horror she had always felt when in the presence of such venom , as if she were [finding out] that evil really did exist , that liberal attitudes were vaporous , that filth could find its way into the universe and be embodied and spread relentlessly , terrifying those it infected .

Whatever the reasons , discovering why programming might have ‘ failed ’ — as well as why it has succeeded — is all part of the learning process .
whatever the reasons , [finding out] why programming might have ‘ failed ’ — as well as why it has succeeded — is all part of the learning process .

It is a harsh reminder that there are no prizes for discovering a niche in the market .
it is a harsh reminder that there are no prizes for [finding out] a niche in the market .

The criteria for allocation had been devised in an attempt to find a balance between having too many languages to do justice to any of them in limited broadcasting hours and discovering which languages were comprehensible to the largest number .
the criteria for allocation had been devised in an attempt to find a balance between having too many languages to do justice to any of them in limited broadcasting hours and [finding out] which languages were comprehensible to the largest number .

In a rather similar way , mystics in certain sects of Shiite Islam — like the Druze — use mathematics , a science that is akin to music , as a way of weaning the mind from the physical to the abstract in the preliminary stages of meditation ; it is a first stage in the long , disciplined process of discovering a different mode of perception .
in a rather similar way , mystics in certain sects of shiite islam — like the druze — use mathematics , a science that is akin to music , as a way of weaning the mind from the physical to the abstract in the preliminary stages of meditation ; it is a first stage in the long , disciplined process of [finding out] a different mode of perception .

On another they felt ( as Mary put it ) like burglars , prowling about the house , discovering treasures , half-expecting the true owner to return and surprise them .
on another they felt ( as mary put it ) like burglars , prowling about the house , [finding out] treasures , half-expecting the true owner to return and surprise them .

The formerly reviled ghetto culture has now begun to be absorbed by fashion designers of the Nineties , who are discovering beauty in deals outside the white middle-class mainstream .
the formerly reviled ghetto culture has now begun to be absorbed by fashion designers of the nineties , who are [finding out] beauty in deals outside the white middle-class mainstream .

Even the ever-amiable Roger Moore fell out with Broccolli after discovering that secret auditions to find a replacement for Moore as Bond were carried out in 1980 .
even the ever-amiable roger moore fell out with broccolli after [finding out] that secret auditions to find a replacement for moore as bond were carried out in 1980 .

He read aloud : ' ’ Delicate delineation of a boy 's sensations on discovering physical love … powerful and evocative description of adolescent suffering in an unsympathetic society … the best to come out of Canada for years … .
he read aloud : ' ’ delicate delineation of a boy 's sensations on [finding out] physical love … powerful and evocative description of adolescent suffering in an unsympathetic society … the best to come out of canada for years … .

The solution lies , therefore , not in more punishment and law and order , but in discovering the underlying causes of child abuse in order to eliminate , or at least control , them .
the solution lies , therefore , not in more punishment and law and order , but in [finding out] the underlying causes of child abuse in order to eliminate , or at least control , them .

Discovering child abuse
[finding out] child abuse

As his work developed , he became increasingly clear that our means for discovering the truth about reality stood in need of a persuasive justification .
as his work developed , he became increasingly clear that our means for [finding out] the truth about reality stood in need of a persuasive justification .

If the theory is to exemplify and test holism , the project of discovering whether , or how , it can be applied , is obviously extremely urgent , and among Althusser 's followers , the person who has made the greatest strides in this direction is undoubtedly Nicos Poulantzas .
if the theory is to exemplify and test holism , the project of [finding out] whether , or how , it can be applied , is obviously extremely urgent , and among althusser 's followers , the person who has made the greatest strides in this direction is undoubtedly nicos poulantzas .

On discovering a macabre entity such as the hydra , any Inquisitor worth his salt would call in the nearest available force of Terminator Marines — Blood Angels , Space Wolves , or whichever — to root out the malevolent lifeform .
on [finding out] a macabre entity such as the hydra , any inquisitor worth his salt would call in the nearest available force of terminator marines — blood angels , space wolves , or whichever — to root out the malevolent lifeform .

By a lucky accident we had already trekked ( with Mohammed ) from Imlil westwards to the Nfis , discovering superb trails through a bold landscape .
by a lucky accident we had already trekked ( with mohammed ) from imlil westwards to the nfis , [finding out] superb trails through a bold landscape .

For Piaget , this indicates that the infant still thinks in terms of ‘ making ’ or ‘ materialising ’ objects through action , rather than ‘ discovering ’ objects which have simply been hidden from view .
for piaget , this indicates that the infant still thinks in terms of ‘ making ’ or ‘ materialising ’ objects through action , rather than ‘ [finding out] ’ objects which have simply been hidden from view .

Since language is a coherent system , it is important not simply to focus upon specific areas which , at first glance , suggest errors , but to examine the whole system in the expectation of discovering interrelationships between the different levels of linguistic functioning .
since language is a coherent system , it is important not simply to focus upon specific areas which , at first glance , suggest errors , but to examine the whole system in the expectation of [finding out] interrelationships between the different levels of linguistic functioning .

They provide all the thrills of safari — discovering music in its ‘ natural state ’ , untouched by modern society — without any of the troublesome ethical dilemmas .
they provide all the thrills of safari — [finding out] music in its ‘ natural state ’ , untouched by modern society — without any of the troublesome ethical dilemmas .

First , structural linguistics shifts from the study of conscious linguistic phenomena to the study of their unconscious infrastructure ; second it does not treat terms as independent entities , taking instead as its basis of analysis the relations between terms ; third , it introduces the concept of system … ; finally , structural linguistics aims at discovering general laws , either by induction ‘ or …
first , structural linguistics shifts from the study of conscious linguistic phenomena to the study of their unconscious infrastructure ; second it does not treat terms as independent entities , taking instead as its basis of analysis the relations between terms ; third , it introduces the concept of system … ; finally , structural linguistics aims at [finding out] general laws , either by induction ‘ or …

In so far as meaning is a problem for semiotics it is not a question of discovering ‘ hidden meanings ’ but one of the structure of signifiers that communicate a meaning accepted by participants .
in so far as meaning is a problem for semiotics it is not a question of [finding out] ‘ hidden meanings ’ but one of the structure of signifiers that communicate a meaning accepted by participants .

It 's not a race or a competition , but a process of discovering , or uncovering , your own writing voice .
it 's not a race or a competition , but a process of [finding out] , or uncovering , your own writing voice .

It is as if each writer had taken the memory of some powerful event ( the terrible shock of being woken by a piercing noise ; discovering the ‘ magical ’ properties of magnets ) and daydreamed in such a concentrated way about it that a group of people , a situation , a story began to emerge .
it is as if each writer had taken the memory of some powerful event ( the terrible shock of being woken by a piercing noise ; [finding out] the ‘ magical ’ properties of magnets ) and daydreamed in such a concentrated way about it that a group of people , a situation , a story began to emerge .

In an article called ‘ The making of a nonsexist dictionary ’ , Alma Graham describes her feelings on discovering how sexist were the standard dictionaries used in schools .
in an article called ‘ the making of a nonsexist dictionary ’ , alma graham describes her feelings on [finding out] how sexist were the standard dictionaries used in schools .

On discovering the fretting , he informed the chief civil engineer who imposed a strict speed limit on the bridge .
on [finding out] the fretting , he informed the chief civil engineer who imposed a strict speed limit on the bridge .

The Bristol team was in the process of discovering that in addition to the light electron and heavy proton and neutron there are particles of intermediate masses which they named ‘ mesotrons ’ .
the bristol team was in the process of [finding out] that in addition to the light electron and heavy proton and neutron there are particles of intermediate masses which they named ‘ mesotrons ’ .

The task of discovering whether an ageing individual has a drink problem requires considerable tact and sensitivity .
the task of [finding out] whether an ageing individual has a drink problem requires considerable tact and sensitivity .

It had been gentle , a sweet , surprised discovering , and they had looked at each other shyly afterwards , unable to speak .
it had been gentle , a sweet , surprised [finding out] , and they had looked at each other shyly afterwards , unable to speak .

Discovering the remnants of the supernovae of the past is a chancy business .
[finding out] the remnants of the supernovae of the past is a chancy business .

If two constables spent ten hours each investigating the false report before discovering the truth then the total hours wasted would be twenty .
if two constables spent ten hours each investigating the false report before [finding out] the truth then the total hours wasted would be twenty .

In physics the application of principles which relate to biopolymers in living cells can provide an exciting and promising new direction towards discovering the ‘ missing link ’ in the seemingly fruitless quest for the explanation to the problem of cancer .
in physics the application of principles which relate to biopolymers in living cells can provide an exciting and promising new direction towards [finding out] the ‘ missing link ’ in the seemingly fruitless quest for the explanation to the problem of cancer .

Whatever he may think he is doing he can only be discovering , like our romantic traveller , but perhaps much less aware of what he is doing , that in the last resort his desires outweigh his fears .
whatever he may think he is doing he can only be [finding out] , like our romantic traveller , but perhaps much less aware of what he is doing , that in the last resort his desires outweigh his fears .

This analysis shows up a further difference between choices of means and of ends ; the former start from facts publicly testable by objective criteria , the latter from the look and feel of things tested privately and subjectively , by assuming in experience or imagination the relevant viewpoint in the fullest awareness available , and discovering how one does respond .
this analysis shows up a further difference between choices of means and of ends ; the former start from facts publicly testable by objective criteria , the latter from the look and feel of things tested privately and subjectively , by assuming in experience or imagination the relevant viewpoint in the fullest awareness available , and [finding out] how one does respond .

But on the present approach the search for universal standards is irrelevant to the objectivity of right and wrong ; it is in the nature of standards , which must alter with changing conditions and vary in stringency and applicability to particular cases , to be both a help and a hindrance to discovering the objective worth of a particular act .
but on the present approach the search for universal standards is irrelevant to the objectivity of right and wrong ; it is in the nature of standards , which must alter with changing conditions and vary in stringency and applicability to particular cases , to be both a help and a hindrance to [finding out] the objective worth of a particular act .

All the elements necessary for rectification were therefore present ; if the Crown was at fault because of the delay in discovering the mistake , rectification was still possible .
all the elements necessary for rectification were therefore present ; if the crown was at fault because of the delay in [finding out] the mistake , rectification was still possible .

Farrow says she was guaranteed the sum , even though she pulled out of the film in August after discovering Woody was having an affair with her adopted daughter , Soon-Yi Previn , 21 .
farrow says she was guaranteed the sum , even though she pulled out of the film in august after [finding out] woody was having an affair with her adopted daughter , soon-yi previn , 21 .

She was also discovering that there was more to Sean O'Farrell than the frivolous charm which he presented to the world .
she was also [finding out] that there was more to sean o'farrell than the frivolous charm which he presented to the world .

Paul Keywood , 13 , and his 11-year-old brother Nathan saved the little boy 's life after discovering him in freezing conditions wrapped in only a towel .
paul keywood , 13 , and his 11-year-old brother nathan saved the little boy 's life after [finding out] him in freezing conditions wrapped in only a towel .

Discovering Columbus
[finding out] columbus

But Devenish is discovering that there is as much profit on a plate as in a pint .
but devenish is [finding out] that there is as much profit on a plate as in a pint .

The internalization of the system as a communicative resource is only likely to happen when there is a concentration on symbol to index conversion , when the potential value of symbols is actualized indexically in the process of discovering new meaning ; that is to say , when there is a recurrent association of new schematic knowledge with new systemic knowledge .
the internalization of the system as a communicative resource is only likely to happen when there is a concentration on symbol to index conversion , when the potential value of symbols is actualized indexically in the process of [finding out] new meaning ; that is to say , when there is a recurrent association of new schematic knowledge with new systemic knowledge .

Discovering how to reverse a declining circulation was famously difficult and , as the figures show , was not often achieved .
[finding out] how to reverse a declining circulation was famously difficult and , as the figures show , was not often achieved .

The Americans were actually behind us in discovering the importance of preventive and rehabilitative services , but when they got round to looking for permanence for children in care their strategy was a combined one of permanence with natural families and permanence with new families .
the americans were actually behind us in [finding out] the importance of preventive and rehabilitative services , but when they got round to looking for permanence for children in care their strategy was a combined one of permanence with natural families and permanence with new families .

Perhaps it is true that everything points back to one 's youth : as a teenager Winters began a bottle collection after discovering a drugstore basement full of abandoned glass containers .
perhaps it is true that everything points back to one 's youth : as a teenager winters began a bottle collection after [finding out] a drugstore basement full of abandoned glass containers .

The person responsible for discovering the existence of these drawings and for encouraging Noel Alexandre to publish the account of his father 's friendship with Modigliani is the Belgian , Jan Martens , head of the publishing house Fonds Mercator , which belongs to the financial group of Banque Paribas .
the person responsible for [finding out] the existence of these drawings and for encouraging noel alexandre to publish the account of his father 's friendship with modigliani is the belgian , jan martens , head of the publishing house fonds mercator , which belongs to the financial group of banque paribas .

It 's one of the most rewarding attributes they possess — discovering and articulating the weird mutation in the human race .
it 's one of the most rewarding attributes they possess — [finding out] and articulating the weird mutation in the human race .

The school of Tolkien , if one may so describe it , was an attempt to throw on the brakes : to rediscover a national and personal selfhood by discovering the roots of faith .
the school of tolkien , if one may so describe it , was an attempt to throw on the brakes : to rediscover a national and personal selfhood by [finding out] the roots of faith .

Steffi never misses a chance of coming to Britain , not only for tournaments , and she told me of her delight at discovering a street market on a recent visit .
steffi never misses a chance of coming to britain , not only for tournaments , and she told me of her delight at [finding out] a street market on a recent visit .

Discovering Discourse
[finding out] discourse

The same critical and questioning attitude which was forming the new approach to the Bible was at the same time stimulating scientific study and experiment and discovering the regularities in the natural order — what were and commonly still are called ‘ the laws of nature ’ .
the same critical and questioning attitude which was forming the new approach to the bible was at the same time stimulating scientific study and experiment and [finding out] the regularities in the natural order — what were and commonly still are called ‘ the laws of nature ’ .

The sighting of Mary Magdalene is affirmed by Peter and John discovering the Empty Tomb , the burial cloths neatly set to one side .
the sighting of mary magdalene is affirmed by peter and john [finding out] the empty tomb , the burial cloths neatly set to one side .

Working alongside other pioneers he was first spontaneously discovering new possibilities in camera technique and then he found that he could equally spontaneously draw on his experiences and his own values .
working alongside other pioneers he was first spontaneously [finding out] new possibilities in camera technique and then he found that he could equally spontaneously draw on his experiences and his own values .

What the cameras were now discovering and what audiences were now reacting to was Cagney 's own reality , a unique one-off reality or presence , albeit of the kind one hopes to run into whenever entering a New York bar .
what the cameras were now [finding out] and what audiences were now reacting to was cagney 's own reality , a unique one-off reality or presence , albeit of the kind one hopes to run into whenever entering a new york bar .

Wundt , a 19th-century psychologist , researched the signing of German deaf children with the aim of discovering the universal properties underlying all languages .
wundt , a 19th-century psychologist , researched the signing of german deaf children with the aim of [finding out] the universal properties underlying all languages .

Thomas Cartwright , the Elizabethan Presbyterian , declared on one occasion that ‘ heaps ’ of his contemporaries had cast aside the old religion without discovering the new , and the minister Josias Nichols complained in 1602 that only one in ten of the inhabitants of a Kentish parish with 400 communicants knew the basics of Protestant doctrine .
thomas cartwright , the elizabethan presbyterian , declared on one occasion that ‘ heaps ’ of his contemporaries had cast aside the old religion without [finding out] the new , and the minister josias nichols complained in 1602 that only one in ten of the inhabitants of a kentish parish with 400 communicants knew the basics of protestant doctrine .

In being who he was : that was his vocation , and discovering how far he could go and even , fatally , what he could get away with .
in being who he was : that was his vocation , and [finding out] how far he could go and even , fatally , what he could get away with .

Faith in reason and its ability to crack the code of the universe by discovering the scientific laws that sustain it will become the new legalism of the dawning secular age .
faith in reason and its ability to crack the code of the universe by [finding out] the scientific laws that sustain it will become the new legalism of the dawning secular age .

Some people stumble across the Kingdom without looking for it , like discovering a hidden treasure while turning over the soil in the field ( Matt .
some people stumble across the kingdom without looking for it , like [finding out] a hidden treasure while turning over the soil in the field ( matt .

Is she the evil mother , who tries to prevent her daughter Pamina from discovering her true father , Sarastro , and entering the Temple of Wisdom ?
is she the evil mother , who tries to prevent her daughter pamina from [finding out] her true father , sarastro , and entering the temple of wisdom ?

We shall return later to the problem of discovering who bewitches whom .
we shall return later to the problem of [finding out] who bewitches whom .

We now return to the specific issue of how the victim of misfortune sets about discovering the malevolent author of his distress .
we now return to the specific issue of how the victim of misfortune sets about [finding out] the malevolent author of his distress .

These latter are exceedingly demanding ; treatment consists of discovering their requirements and agreeing to them on condition that the human victim is released from their power .
these latter are exceedingly demanding ; treatment consists of [finding out] their requirements and agreeing to them on condition that the human victim is released from their power .

The court was told that he had killed the girl after taking part in sex play with her and then discovering that she was under age .
the court was told that he had killed the girl after taking part in sex play with her and then [finding out] that she was under age .

Where the blame lay , in the case of the father who stabbed the teacher in a rage after discovering that his daughter was spending the night at the teacher 's home , was made less clear .
where the blame lay , in the case of the father who stabbed the teacher in a rage after [finding out] that his daughter was spending the night at the teacher 's home , was made less clear .

Nobody had really made any significant progress in discovering how they worked , these engines Capella handed out so liberally .
nobody had really made any significant progress in [finding out] how they worked , these engines capella handed out so liberally .

Time and its buried hoard , however , had only been waiting in the wings , and it was now that the priest was discovering just how perfidious Time could be .
time and its buried hoard , however , had only been waiting in the wings , and it was now that the priest was [finding out] just how perfidious time could be .

We might finally note that the court is able to rely as an aid to discovering intention on the proposition that what no reasonable board could have believed to be beneficial to the company , the actual board could not have believed either , or , in other words , that where the means adopted could not on any reasonable view lead to the end of benefiting the company , the directors could not have been motivated by a desire to achieve that end .
we might finally note that the court is able to rely as an aid to [finding out] intention on the proposition that what no reasonable board could have believed to be beneficial to the company , the actual board could not have believed either , or , in other words , that where the means adopted could not on any reasonable view lead to the end of benefiting the company , the directors could not have been motivated by a desire to achieve that end .

Mary found tiger lilies and Hope , discovering Mr Robinson 's prize of six bottles of good claret , bought two of them for the evening .
mary found tiger lilies and hope , [finding out] mr robinson 's prize of six bottles of good claret , bought two of them for the evening .

In other words , the practice of discovering knowledge , of creating works of art , in short , of making the world we live in , is seen to be conducted entirely by men : masculine men or feminine men — but not women .
in other words , the practice of [finding out] knowledge , of creating works of art , in short , of making the world we live in , is seen to be conducted entirely by men : masculine men or feminine men — but not women .

In this respect the schema is more indicative and sensitizing than anything else — it gives us some clues as to what to look for if we are interested in discovering organization diversities .
in this respect the schema is more indicative and sensitizing than anything else — it gives us some clues as to what to look for if we are interested in [finding out] organization diversities .

As regards discovering the nature of social representations by contrasting them with phenomena which are not social representations , we can see an immediate difference between the universal and particular conceptions .
as regards [finding out] the nature of social representations by contrasting them with phenomena which are not social representations , we can see an immediate difference between the universal and particular conceptions .

Workers at all levels add value not solely or even mostly by tending machines and carrying out routines , but by continuously discovering opportunities for improvement in product and process .
workers at all levels add value not solely or even mostly by tending machines and carrying out routines , but by continuously [finding out] opportunities for improvement in product and process .

No action is specified as the normal consequence of discovering this class of ‘ pollution ’ .
no action is specified as the normal consequence of [finding out] this class of ‘ pollution ’ .

Proactive strategies are most useful in discovering the invisible , persistent , or episodic pollutions ( Reiss , 1974 ) .
proactive strategies are most useful in [finding out] the invisible , persistent , or episodic pollutions ( reiss , 1974 ) .

This rule has now been relaxed so as to permit reports of commissioners , including law commissioners , and white papers to be looked at for the purpose solely of ascertaining the mischief which the statute is intended to cure but not for the purpose of discovering the meaning of the words used by Parliament to effect such cure : Eastman Photographic Materials Co .
this rule has now been relaxed so as to permit reports of commissioners , including law commissioners , and white papers to be looked at for the purpose solely of ascertaining the mischief which the statute is intended to cure but not for the purpose of [finding out] the meaning of the words used by parliament to effect such cure : eastman photographic materials co .

He further accepted that the court should only attach importance to clear statements showing the intention of the promoter of the Bill , whether a minister or private member : there could be no dredging through conflicting statements of intention with a view to discovering the true intention of Parliament in using the statutory words .
he further accepted that the court should only attach importance to clear statements showing the intention of the promoter of the bill , whether a minister or private member : there could be no dredging through conflicting statements of intention with a view to [finding out] the true intention of parliament in using the statutory words .

During an unsuccessful strike in Cardiff , Wilson was imprisoned for six weeks for `` unlawful assembly and riot `` , discovering during his imprisonment a talent for picking oakum .
during an unsuccessful strike in cardiff , wilson was imprisoned for six weeks for `` unlawful assembly and riot `` , [finding out] during his imprisonment a talent for picking oakum .

We were not much concerned at discovering that we shared our beds with lice , or that the hotel also doubled as a brothel for the town 's leading gentry , because for us it had the finest view in the world .
we were not much concerned at [finding out] that we shared our beds with lice , or that the hotel also doubled as a brothel for the town 's leading gentry , because for us it had the finest view in the world .

It is essentially concerned , however , with discovering the real causes and nature of historical events as well as the thoughts , attitudes and emotions that motivated individuals in the past .
it is essentially concerned , however , with [finding out] the real causes and nature of historical events as well as the thoughts , attitudes and emotions that motivated individuals in the past .

After the initial shock of discovering their daughter is pregnant , parents have to come to terms with this .
after the initial shock of [finding out] their daughter is pregnant , parents have to come to terms with this .

There has been one very disturbing factor in keeping this particular type of fish , and that has been discovering the incredible cruelty that is sometimes used in order to increase the sale of them .
there has been one very disturbing factor in keeping this particular type of fish , and that has been [finding out] the incredible cruelty that is sometimes used in order to increase the sale of them .

If the two pairs of projectors are in line , the intention is not usually a multi-image effect In fact , it s likely that the two projectors nearer to the camera will not contain so much an image as an image-blocker , ie a mask or matte that blocks out part of the image behind it Since the two mattes will normally be complementary , and the combined image can be seen by inspection through the camera 's viewfinder , any faults , such as overlaps or gaps , should be observed at the time and , if possible , corrected on a second , third or fourth take This is more economical and satisfactory than getting the results of multiple passes back from the lab and discovering that a whole day 's work has to be redone .
if the two pairs of projectors are in line , the intention is not usually a multi-image effect in fact , it s likely that the two projectors nearer to the camera will not contain so much an image as an image-blocker , ie a mask or matte that blocks out part of the image behind it since the two mattes will normally be complementary , and the combined image can be seen by inspection through the camera 's viewfinder , any faults , such as overlaps or gaps , should be observed at the time and , if possible , corrected on a second , third or fourth take this is more economical and satisfactory than getting the results of multiple passes back from the lab and [finding out] that a whole day 's work has to be redone .

Taking part in the programme has been like an exciting adventure , discovering the hidden strengths of a community in its parents , and the willingness of Community Mothers to contribute to growth and development within their communities .
taking part in the programme has been like an exciting adventure , [finding out] the hidden strengths of a community in its parents , and the willingness of community mothers to contribute to growth and development within their communities .

This culture provides both the means and the incentives for discovering and remedying errors .
this culture provides both the means and the incentives for [finding out] and remedying errors .

We may try , as has been done in the past , to arm prosecutors and judges with better procedures for discovering police mistakes .
we may try , as has been done in the past , to arm prosecutors and judges with better procedures for [finding out] police mistakes .

In science these distorting factors have been tackled by a powerful culture of verification , which provides both the means and the incentives for discovering and remedying errors .
in science these distorting factors have been tackled by a powerful culture of verification , which provides both the means and the incentives for [finding out] and remedying errors .

However , the culture of professional debate provides both the means and the incentives for discovering mistakes and strong deterrents to making them .
however , the culture of professional debate provides both the means and the incentives for [finding out] mistakes and strong deterrents to making them .

Ayrton Senna is always carrying on about the intellectual and spiritual fascination of discovering his own limits in a racing car .
ayrton senna is always carrying on about the intellectual and spiritual fascination of [finding out] his own limits in a racing car .

Since all action is meaningful , it can only be understood by discovering the meanings which actors assign to their activities .
since all action is meaningful , it can only be understood by [finding out] the meanings which actors assign to their activities .

In practice , functionalists appear preoccupied with discovering the positive functions , the beneficial effects of social institutions .
in practice , functionalists appear preoccupied with [finding out] the positive functions , the beneficial effects of social institutions .

In the universities , anti-imperialist students were discovering Marx but generally had little of substance to propose as regards the development of the domestic economy , or at least little which found a resonance among the masses .
in the universities , anti-imperialist students were [finding out] marx but generally had little of substance to propose as regards the development of the domestic economy , or at least little which found a resonance among the masses .

Nancy moved among them for a while , making them welcome , peering into their pale faces with the object of discovering which were her grandchildren .
nancy moved among them for a while , making them welcome , peering into their pale faces with the object of [finding out] which were her grandchildren .

Men are the only animals to set store by discovering , acquiring and displaying materials comparatively rare in nature , frequently only to be obtained from distant sources and commonly useless for the purposes of daily life .
men are the only animals to set store by [finding out] , acquiring and displaying materials comparatively rare in nature , frequently only to be obtained from distant sources and commonly useless for the purposes of daily life .

The most likely context for discovering the qualities of jade would have been in the course of grinding and polishing axe or adze blades , one of the most widespread components of the Neolithic tool-kit from Europe to China .
the most likely context for [finding out] the qualities of jade would have been in the course of grinding and polishing axe or adze blades , one of the most widespread components of the neolithic tool-kit from europe to china .

It is quite as fascinating seeing `` how she done it `` as eventually discovering who she said done it .
it is quite as fascinating seeing `` how she done it `` as eventually [finding out] who she said done it .

Before heading north , you might care to spend a day discovering the Oberaargau ( Upper Aargau ) .
before heading north , you might care to spend a day [finding out] the oberaargau ( upper aargau ) .

The most obvious way of discovering archaeological sites is to go out and look for them — but this is not quite as simple as it might seem .
the most obvious way of [finding out] archaeological sites is to go out and look for them — but this is not quite as simple as it might seem .

Making copies is one way of discovering how objects were originally manufactured .
making copies is one way of [finding out] how objects were originally manufactured .

Her stepfather , discovering this , rang Minton , demanded Marsh 's return and threatened to thrash Bobby .
her stepfather , [finding out] this , rang minton , demanded marsh 's return and threatened to thrash bobby .

Although we had three rooms for the sessions , conditions were very cramped and there were last minute hitches with pupils discovering their recorders would n't work or the plug points were too far from the place allocated for the interviews .
although we had three rooms for the sessions , conditions were very cramped and there were last minute hitches with pupils [finding out] their recorders would n't work or the plug points were too far from the place allocated for the interviews .

Rex and Tomlinson 's ( 1979 ) study of Handsworth in Birmingham was undertaken with the intention of discovering something of the relationship of Asian and West Indian immigrants and their children to the class structure of contemporary British society .
rex and tomlinson 's ( 1979 ) study of handsworth in birmingham was undertaken with the intention of [finding out] something of the relationship of asian and west indian immigrants and their children to the class structure of contemporary british society .

In their introductions to the series Reading and Thinking in English ( Discovering Discourse 1979 : 8 ; Discourse in Action 1980 : 3 ) Moore et al . argue for a preparation stage for all reading comprehension in which students should both predict what they expect to find in the discourse from
in their introductions to the series reading and thinking in english ( [finding out] discourse 1979 : 8 ; discourse in action 1980 : 3 ) moore et al . argue for a preparation stage for all reading comprehension in which students should both predict what they expect to find in the discourse from

Savitri Books has European rights free ( except Dutch ) for Discovering Nature 's Secrets by Mari Friend , author and illustrator .
savitri books has european rights free ( except dutch ) for [finding out] nature 's secrets by mari friend , author and illustrator .

3.5 Discovering Physical Laws : Where The Classification Is Flawed
3.5 [finding out] physical laws : where the classification is flawed

We investigate these laws and , by discovering a normal form for WHILE-free programs , show that they completely characterise the language 's semantics .
we investigate these laws and , by [finding out] a normal form for while-free programs , show that they completely characterise the language 's semantics .

After all , one alternative upon discovering from an activity-based costing system that many products are unprofitable is to focus on reducing their costs rather than close down their production lines .
after all , one alternative upon [finding out] from an activity-based costing system that many products are unprofitable is to focus on reducing their costs rather than close down their production lines .

Discovering and changing widely held schemas
[finding out] and changing widely held schemas

For one who was convinced of the merits of control , both control of self and regulation of one 's environment , she was discovering something beyond her range of command ; her children .
for one who was convinced of the merits of control , both control of self and regulation of one 's environment , she was [finding out] something beyond her range of command ; her children .

Laura found enormous fulfilment in discovering old print references and Brian Jones , a soft-spoken , young artist who had recently joined her design team in Carno , proved adept at transferring them on to fabric .
laura found enormous fulfilment in [finding out] old print references and brian jones , a soft-spoken , young artist who had recently joined her design team in carno , proved adept at transferring them on to fabric .

Laura was now discovering the art of interior design .
laura was now [finding out] the art of interior design .

‘ You think what the French call a coup de foudre is fun ? ’ he protested hoarsely , a hint of rueful humour warming his eyes . ‘ You think it is fun , discovering that the only woman in the world you would like to marry suspects you of having a seriously flawed character ? ’
‘ you think what the french call a coup de foudre is fun ? ’ he protested hoarsely , a hint of rueful humour warming his eyes . ‘ you think it is fun , [finding out] that the only woman in the world you would like to marry suspects you of having a seriously flawed character ? ’

Karl von Frisch ( 1886–1982 ) spent his life discovering unsuspected sensory and behavioural skills in animals .
karl von frisch ( 1886–1982 ) spent his life [finding out] unsuspected sensory and behavioural skills in animals .

The giants had taken Tara for their own and when Tealtaoich and the others had fled to the Forest Court , Nuadu had gone with them , neither quite one of them nor quite not one of them , but feeling a cautious kinship with them and discovering , with cynical amusement , that they were looking to him to lead them back .
the giants had taken tara for their own and when tealtaoich and the others had fled to the forest court , nuadu had gone with them , neither quite one of them nor quite not one of them , but feeling a cautious kinship with them and [finding out] , with cynical amusement , that they were looking to him to lead them back .

Discovering just how much creatures with nervous systems of this degree of complexity can remember , and whether they can meet the rigorous criteria laid down by association psychologists as to behaviour to be counted as learning , classical or operant conditioning , becomes a matter of the ingenuity of the experimenter in designing appropriate , biologically relevant tasks .
[finding out] just how much creatures with nervous systems of this degree of complexity can remember , and whether they can meet the rigorous criteria laid down by association psychologists as to behaviour to be counted as learning , classical or operant conditioning , becomes a matter of the ingenuity of the experimenter in designing appropriate , biologically relevant tasks .

The prospect of discovering drugs which will help to alleviate memory diseases like Alzheimer 's deserves every encouragement .
the prospect of [finding out] drugs which will help to alleviate memory diseases like alzheimer 's deserves every encouragement .

She had a sudden feeling that if she could only work out how the ecology of Moloch ticked , she would have a vital clue , if not to discovering Ace 's whereabouts , then at least to getting a handle on the vanished aliens .
she had a sudden feeling that if she could only work out how the ecology of moloch ticked , she would have a vital clue , if not to [finding out] ace 's whereabouts , then at least to getting a handle on the vanished aliens .

Discovering Johnson raises the issue of whether this is best done in fiction , where the imagination would seem to have freer rein , or in non-fiction , a more finite , circumscribed form .
[finding out] johnson raises the issue of whether this is best done in fiction , where the imagination would seem to have freer rein , or in non-fiction , a more finite , circumscribed form .

The consequence of this is that we are constantly hypothesizing about the possible significance of each event , and often discovering that we are wrong .
the consequence of this is that we are constantly hypothesizing about the possible significance of each event , and often [finding out] that we are wrong .

Mira herself makes several appearances , both in the first and the third persons , before also discovering that her name is on the list as the delegate from Amalgamemnon , whereupon she too ‘ dies ’ .
mira herself makes several appearances , both in the first and the third persons , before also [finding out] that her name is on the list as the delegate from amalgamemnon , whereupon she too ‘ dies ’ .

The next day we headed over towards St François Longchamp , in the Maurienne Valley , discovering that the area is a lot larger than first meets the eye .
the next day we headed over towards st françois longchamp , in the maurienne valley , [finding out] that the area is a lot larger than first meets the eye .

What could be more devastating than discovering that the one man you relied on has blown your world apart ?
what could be more devastating than [finding out] that the one man you relied on has blown your world apart ?

The Italians excel in discovering the one bag to die for .
the italians excel in [finding out] the one bag to die for .

Forget the plume de ma tante , Euro-children prefer Mickey and Minnie in Discovering French/Spanish with Walt Disney books ( ages 8–13 ) , £6.95 each .
forget the plume de ma tante , euro-children prefer mickey and minnie in [finding out] french/spanish with walt disney books ( ages 8–13 ) , £6.95 each .

Douglas Bain , secretary of the Spitalfields Historic Buildings Trust , recalls discovering the area in 1961 .
douglas bain , secretary of the spitalfields historic buildings trust , recalls [finding out] the area in 1961 .

Whitehall officials have often found the concept of regional planning complex and imprecise , discovering that the necessary coordination between departments could not be relied upon .
whitehall officials have often found the concept of regional planning complex and imprecise , [finding out] that the necessary coordination between departments could not be relied upon .

It had been easy , for instance , for Auden to persuade Ebert into launching the premature attack on the Ping Tiao cell ; an attack which had prevented Karr from discovering the links between the terrorists and himself .
it had been easy , for instance , for auden to persuade ebert into launching the premature attack on the ping tiao cell ; an attack which had prevented karr from [finding out] the links between the terrorists and himself .

Nevertheless , she set about searching it in a methodical fashion , discovering in the process just what she had expected : nothing .
nevertheless , she set about searching it in a methodical fashion , [finding out] in the process just what she had expected : nothing .

‘ Jesus , ’ murmured Donna , taking a sip from her cup and discovering that the coffee was cold .
‘ jesus , ’ murmured donna , taking a sip from her cup and [finding out] that the coffee was cold .

Some had lost faith in their marriage , some in hope for promotion , some on discovering that they would never have a child .
some had lost faith in their marriage , some in hope for promotion , some on [finding out] that they would never have a child .

In occupied buildings in addition to the provision of an automatic fire detection system , manual fire alarm call points should be provided in order that a person discovering fire may sound the alarm and summon assistance .
in occupied buildings in addition to the provision of an automatic fire detection system , manual fire alarm call points should be provided in order that a person [finding out] fire may sound the alarm and summon assistance .

The third and final stage that you have to go through before you can even begin to decide what electronic publishing system ( or systems ) will be suitable is that of discovering the skills that your staff possess .
the third and final stage that you have to go through before you can even begin to decide what electronic publishing system ( or systems ) will be suitable is that of [finding out] the skills that your staff possess .

Following Jenner 's reward of £10,000 from the House of Commons in June 1802 for discovering and promoting vaccination , Bell took up Jesty 's cause and in August 1803 wrote to George Pearson [ q.v . ]
following jenner 's reward of £10,000 from the house of commons in june 1802 for [finding out] and promoting vaccination , bell took up jesty 's cause and in august 1803 wrote to george pearson [ q.v . ]

He really wished to prevent her from discovering life .
he really wished to prevent her from [finding out] life .

Then she was twisting the handle and discovering Oliver was not home .
then she was twisting the handle and [finding out] oliver was not home .

She hoped he would go away before meeting Barbara Coleman , before discovering what Oliver and Cobalt were doing .
she hoped he would go away before meeting barbara coleman , before [finding out] what oliver and cobalt were doing .

She ran through it , discovering how cold she had grown standing in the studio .
she ran through it , [finding out] how cold she had grown standing in the studio .

However , your comprehension of the passage would doubtless have been improved if you had known that it was about ‘ Christopher Columbus discovering America ’ .
however , your comprehension of the passage would doubtless have been improved if you had known that it was about ‘ christopher columbus [finding out] america ’ .

However , the committee , which eventually divided on party lines , defined its terms of reference at the outset so narrowly that it effectively ruled out any possibility of discovering the truth or otherwise of the allegations of malpractice that had been made against the police .
however , the committee , which eventually divided on party lines , defined its terms of reference at the outset so narrowly that it effectively ruled out any possibility of [finding out] the truth or otherwise of the allegations of malpractice that had been made against the police .

But it was perhaps in the great days of immigration that the station acted as a centre of awareness for the existing population viewing their new fellow citizens , and for the immigrants discovering the no less real inequalities of their adopted country .
but it was perhaps in the great days of immigration that the station acted as a centre of awareness for the existing population viewing their new fellow citizens , and for the immigrants [finding out] the no less real inequalities of their adopted country .

The first duty solicitor scheme was initiated by the Bristol Law Society in 1972 with the objective of discovering whether there were defendants appearing before Bristol Magistrates who were in need of legal advice but not receiving it .
the first duty solicitor scheme was initiated by the bristol law society in 1972 with the objective of [finding out] whether there were defendants appearing before bristol magistrates who were in need of legal advice but not receiving it .

There are something like 2,000 pieces of delegated legislation brought into force every year in the United Kingdom and a recent article in Statute Law Review drew attention to some of the difficulties which are likely to arise in discovering what local instruments are in force and what they say .
there are something like 2,000 pieces of delegated legislation brought into force every year in the united kingdom and a recent article in statute law review drew attention to some of the difficulties which are likely to arise in [finding out] what local instruments are in force and what they say .

She had only ever had a vague impression of Frank Shildon and was interested in how far that was at variance with what she was discovering .
she had only ever had a vague impression of frank shildon and was interested in how far that was at variance with what she was [finding out] .

He had made a detour to a cafe where he stayed for an unspecified time before walking to the Post and entering by the back door , discovering the mayhem in the newsroom and retreating to the printer 's office .
he had made a detour to a cafe where he stayed for an unspecified time before walking to the post and entering by the back door , [finding out] the mayhem in the newsroom and retreating to the printer 's office .

One thing that particularly attracted her to seeking his assistance now was that he , more than any of the other lily-skinned boys she 'd seduced , had been terrified of his family discovering his stealthy dalliance with the poisoner 's wife .
one thing that particularly attracted her to seeking his assistance now was that he , more than any of the other lily-skinned boys she 'd seduced , had been terrified of his family [finding out] his stealthy dalliance with the poisoner 's wife .

Fox was already there with a pharmacologist from the country hospital who was looking at Alfred 's stock of drugs with a view to discovering a possible source of the poison .
fox was already there with a pharmacologist from the country hospital who was looking at alfred 's stock of drugs with a view to [finding out] a possible source of the poison .

Close to St. James 's Gate , Dublin , the clever friars of the Abbey of St. Thomas the Martyr , like their brothers elsewhere , were discovering some home truths about quality control and the merits of allowing beer to come into condition .
close to st. james 's gate , dublin , the clever friars of the abbey of st. thomas the martyr , like their brothers elsewhere , were [finding out] some home truths about quality control and the merits of allowing beer to come into condition .

As the genes in question appear to work in the same way in mice and people it should be possible to develop ways of detecting the genes in people at risk and discovering methods of implanting cells with the normal genes or blocking the action of the defective genes .
as the genes in question appear to work in the same way in mice and people it should be possible to develop ways of detecting the genes in people at risk and [finding out] methods of implanting cells with the normal genes or blocking the action of the defective genes .

They reached the conclusion after discovering that a number of whales and dolphins washed up dead on the shore between 1987 and early 1991 contained `` significant `` levels of organochlorides and heavy metals in their tissues .
they reached the conclusion after [finding out] that a number of whales and dolphins washed up dead on the shore between 1987 and early 1991 contained `` significant `` levels of organochlorides and heavy metals in their tissues .

We noticed this benefit in discovering why conventionalism does worse in coordinating social behaviour than pragmatism .
we noticed this benefit in [finding out] why conventionalism does worse in coordinating social behaviour than pragmatism .

There were many layers to this man , she was fast discovering .
there were many layers to this man , she was fast [finding out] .

For him to know that she was still very much sexually attracted to him was bad enough — but she was terrified of Ross discovering that her feelings ran much deeper .
for him to know that she was still very much sexually attracted to him was bad enough — but she was terrified of ross [finding out] that her feelings ran much deeper .

And , with the two little girls squeezed into the narrow rear seat of that sports car , Ross had driven along the coast before discovering a quietly sheltered and deserted bay .
and , with the two little girls squeezed into the narrow rear seat of that sports car , ross had driven along the coast before [finding out] a quietly sheltered and deserted bay .

Stressful life events , such as discovering a husband 's affair , and long-standing difficulties , such as a husband 's continuing unemployment causing financial and marital strains , can often be found to precede the onset of a depressive disorder .
stressful life events , such as [finding out] a husband 's affair , and long-standing difficulties , such as a husband 's continuing unemployment causing financial and marital strains , can often be found to precede the onset of a depressive disorder .

For example , a woman highly committed to her parenting role would be particularly sensitive to an event which threatened her view of herself as a good mother , such as discovering her child had been regularly truanting from school .
for example , a woman highly committed to her parenting role would be particularly sensitive to an event which threatened her view of herself as a good mother , such as [finding out] her child had been regularly truanting from school .

Discovering that the man who has been passing threats to me is the mighty Tod Richardson will not help me sleep peacefully in my bed .
[finding out] that the man who has been passing threats to me is the mighty tod richardson will not help me sleep peacefully in my bed .

Worst shock Discovering Robert Plant was a Wolves fan — ugh . See how fallible the gods are …
worst shock [finding out] robert plant was a wolves fan — ugh . see how fallible the gods are …

Another method of discovering the time scales associated with turbulent motion is , obviously , Fourier analysis .
another method of [finding out] the time scales associated with turbulent motion is , obviously , fourier analysis .

And discovering that before 1971 , women artists were pretty well invisible .
and [finding out] that before 1971 , women artists were pretty well invisible .

j Simply that the small Norfolk town where she first set up in studio portraiture ( with her sister ) is just discovering the significance of the local photographer , Mrs Galsworthy from South Street , aka Olive Edis .
j simply that the small norfolk town where she first set up in studio portraiture ( with her sister ) is just [finding out] the significance of the local photographer , mrs galsworthy from south street , aka olive edis .

she wondered apprehensively , discovering an exit from this bedroom which led on to a terrace , with an archway framing a velvety night sky filled with bright silver stars .
she wondered apprehensively , [finding out] an exit from this bedroom which led on to a terrace , with an archway framing a velvety night sky filled with bright silver stars .

’ Her head was pounding now , a result of the tension of the evening , she suspected , and the near-homicidal tendencies she was discovering in the company of this thoroughly unpleasant man .
’ her head was pounding now , a result of the tension of the evening , she suspected , and the near-homicidal tendencies she was [finding out] in the company of this thoroughly unpleasant man .

The possibility of discovering that Guy might be human enough to snore lessened her tension considerably .
the possibility of [finding out] that guy might be human enough to snore lessened her tension considerably .

Her stomach tightened when his free hand lightly touched her breast , discovering the shape , stroking the nipple through the fine material of her nightdress , making desire explode in her mind like a shower of stars .
her stomach tightened when his free hand lightly touched her breast , [finding out] the shape , stroking the nipple through the fine material of her nightdress , making desire explode in her mind like a shower of stars .

They were exquisitely gentle , exploring , discovering … worshipping .
they were exquisitely gentle , exploring , [finding out] … worshipping .

The man , she was discovering though charming , was not too free with his smiles .
the man , she was [finding out] though charming , was not too free with his smiles .

It rather put paid to any idea she 'd had of motoring around and discovering more of the area though .
it rather put paid to any idea she 'd had of motoring around and [finding out] more of the area though .

Then she all at once became aware that Ven was looking at her seriously , all mockery , however gentle , gone , and suddenly she was feeling quite breathless , and discovering that she needed to say something , and quite urgently , to get her over that breathless feeling .
then she all at once became aware that ven was looking at her seriously , all mockery , however gentle , gone , and suddenly she was feeling quite breathless , and [finding out] that she needed to say something , and quite urgently , to get her over that breathless feeling .

The feel of him , the taste of him , was like a drug , one which she believed she had kicked , but which , she was now discovering , continued to exert a ruthless grip .
the feel of him , the taste of him , was like a drug , one which she believed she had kicked , but which , she was now [finding out] , continued to exert a ruthless grip .

Two main procedures have been adopted , within European data protection legislation , to achieve the objective of discovering the existence of a file : a public register or a notification procedure .
two main procedures have been adopted , within european data protection legislation , to achieve the objective of [finding out] the existence of a file : a public register or a notification procedure .

It is , on the contrary , a theoretical construct which Keynes introduced in the hope that it would be helpful in discovering a correct explanation for a genuine phenomenon : large-scale fluctuations in measured , total unemployment .
it is , on the contrary , a theoretical construct which keynes introduced in the hope that it would be helpful in [finding out] a correct explanation for a genuine phenomenon : large-scale fluctuations in measured , total unemployment .

Although there are many amusements , shops , bars and clubs , in fact everything which proves a lively atmosphere , those holidaymakers seeking a more relaxed environment , will be well satisfied on discovering the sandy beaches of Pensarn , Towyn and Kinmel Bay , where easy access by car and on foot is a feature .
although there are many amusements , shops , bars and clubs , in fact everything which proves a lively atmosphere , those holidaymakers seeking a more relaxed environment , will be well satisfied on [finding out] the sandy beaches of pensarn , towyn and kinmel bay , where easy access by car and on foot is a feature .

But in the excitement of discovering these wondrous things we shall be poorer if we do n't also give a thought now and again to the pear and the kitchen crock .
but in the excitement of [finding out] these wondrous things we shall be poorer if we do n't also give a thought now and again to the pear and the kitchen crock .

But if time is not too desperately important it is one way of seeing a vast stretch of surprising and magnificent country , some interesting and unspoiled old towns , perhaps even of discovering some village in the heart of the still primitive agricultural Auvergne , some little-known hotel where one would like to stay instead of hurrying on , to which one would return another year .
but if time is not too desperately important it is one way of seeing a vast stretch of surprising and magnificent country , some interesting and unspoiled old towns , perhaps even of [finding out] some village in the heart of the still primitive agricultural auvergne , some little-known hotel where one would like to stay instead of hurrying on , to which one would return another year .

Discovering the author of a source may greatly illuminate the meaning of a narrative ; and non-biblical sources can often fill in the background to the biblical account .
[finding out] the author of a source may greatly illuminate the meaning of a narrative ; and non-biblical sources can often fill in the background to the biblical account .

At that point — and discovering such identity of meaning may take some time — children should give up their form in favour of the conventional one for that meaning ( Clark , 1987 , 1988 ) .
at that point — and [finding out] such identity of meaning may take some time — children should give up their form in favour of the conventional one for that meaning ( clark , 1987 , 1988 ) .

She looked forward to discovering what it might be , and how it might have been created .
she looked forward to [finding out] what it might be , and how it might have been created .

Too weak to resist , the young hidalgo lay quite passive , showing emotion only when Pascoe , on discovering a bronze agnus dei on a chain , wrenched it off and flung it overboard .
too weak to resist , the young hidalgo lay quite passive , showing emotion only when pascoe , on [finding out] a bronze agnus dei on a chain , wrenched it off and flung it overboard .

Discovering she was the granddaughter of a knight was like being turned from a frog into a princess .
[finding out] she was the granddaughter of a knight was like being turned from a frog into a princess .

For example , discovering that x per cent of Gibbon 's nouns are concrete , and only y per cent abstract is of little use by itself .
for example , [finding out] that x per cent of gibbon 's nouns are concrete , and only y per cent abstract is of little use by itself .

The usual kind of education … is designed to give answers to questions which nobody asked and to inhibit the student in discovering his own truth and insight .
the usual kind of education … is designed to give answers to questions which nobody asked and to inhibit the student in [finding out] his own truth and insight .

In the darkness before morning and the first shock of discovering that Fiver was gone , Bigwig had been a comfort and a stand-by .
in the darkness before morning and the first shock of [finding out] that fiver was gone , bigwig had been a comfort and a stand-by .

Saddest sight at Portsmouth , by the way , was that of the disconsolate Bobby Parks after discovering he 'd been left out once again , to make way for Adrian Aymes .
saddest sight at portsmouth , by the way , was that of the disconsolate bobby parks after [finding out] he 'd been left out once again , to make way for adrian aymes .

Among the many shocks being delivered by the declining years of the twentieth century is that of discovering , after decades of thinking we were the true moderns , how modern they could already be at the other end of the century .
among the many shocks being delivered by the declining years of the twentieth century is that of [finding out] , after decades of thinking we were the true moderns , how modern they could already be at the other end of the century .

Lawyers and philosophers have reappraised the moral significance of promises , each interpretation of the modern law discovering confirmation in alleged moral practices .
lawyers and philosophers have reappraised the moral significance of promises , each interpretation of the modern law [finding out] confirmation in alleged moral practices .

Brian Allen enlivens portraiture 's ‘ Reign of Dullness , 1720–1760 ’ , chiefly famous for the sneering of French commentators like Le Blanc and Rouquet , by discovering a earlier , more pervasive ( and more constructive ) Continental influence on the London portrait market than has hitherto been recognised .
brian allen enlivens portraiture 's ‘ reign of dullness , 1720–1760 ’ , chiefly famous for the sneering of french commentators like le blanc and rouquet , by [finding out] a earlier , more pervasive ( and more constructive ) continental influence on the london portrait market than has hitherto been recognised .

In Sweden the original owner may repossess within three months of discovering the identity of the current owner of his stolen work of art not , as we stated , within three months of the date of unauthorised sale .
in sweden the original owner may repossess within three months of [finding out] the identity of the current owner of his stolen work of art not , as we stated , within three months of the date of unauthorised sale .

Discovering these chains or networks of negative irrational thoughts is the basis of cognitive therapy .
[finding out] these chains or networks of negative irrational thoughts is the basis of cognitive therapy .

6 If the request is for an expensive sample use tact in discovering whether it has a genuine background .
6 if the request is for an expensive sample use tact in [finding out] whether it has a genuine background .

Discovering exactly when an undated rug was made is almost impossible .
[finding out] exactly when an undated rug was made is almost impossible .

For the historian , then , the problem becomes one of discovering the contours of Victorian sexual mores without surrendering to facile generalisations , for despite a plethora of studies we are still woefully ignorant of general trends in the development of sexual attitudes , of their effects on individual lives , and of the particular meanings given to their activities by the sexual subjects in all their variety — by class , by gender , by generation and by region .
for the historian , then , the problem becomes one of [finding out] the contours of victorian sexual mores without surrendering to facile generalisations , for despite a plethora of studies we are still woefully ignorant of general trends in the development of sexual attitudes , of their effects on individual lives , and of the particular meanings given to their activities by the sexual subjects in all their variety — by class , by gender , by generation and by region .

Have the best of both worlds by spending time discovering the fabulous sights of Sri Lanka followed by a stay on the superb white sand beaches of the Maldives
have the best of both worlds by spending time [finding out] the fabulous sights of sri lanka followed by a stay on the superb white sand beaches of the maldives

After a week on the superb white sand beaches of the Maldives , why not spend a second week discovering the beauty of Sri Lanka ?
after a week on the superb white sand beaches of the maldives , why not spend a second week [finding out] the beauty of sri lanka ?

Choose to split your stay in Hawaii with time discovering the West Coast of the States — Los Angeles or San Francisco 's lively streets and countless attractions prove a perfect foil for a lazy week on the idyllic hideaways of Maui or Kauai .
choose to split your stay in hawaii with time [finding out] the west coast of the states — los angeles or san francisco 's lively streets and countless attractions prove a perfect foil for a lazy week on the idyllic hideaways of maui or kauai .

It is notable that even when the young Rogers was inspired by the direct experience of discovering two moths in nearby woods , he turned immediately to books to find out about the life-cycle , and learn the lepidopterists ' terminology .
it is notable that even when the young rogers was inspired by the direct experience of [finding out] two moths in nearby woods , he turned immediately to books to find out about the life-cycle , and learn the lepidopterists ' terminology .

And often it is the only means of discovering what is happening .
and often it is the only means of [finding out] what is happening .

Thus the philosopher René Descartes ( 1596–1650 ) insisted that he was discovering the ‘ laws that God has put into nature .
thus the philosopher rené descartes ( 1596–1650 ) insisted that he was [finding out] the ‘ laws that god has put into nature .

Success depended upon discovering ways to supply the standing army .
success depended upon [finding out] ways to supply the standing army .

He staggers and bumps his way to the toilet for a cold wash and rough up with some semi-absorbent paper towels , all the while discovering and tweeking out small splinters of wood and metal from his face .
he staggers and bumps his way to the toilet for a cold wash and rough up with some semi-absorbent paper towels , all the while [finding out] and tweeking out small splinters of wood and metal from his face .

Building up experience and discovering magic items gives Samson an enhanced chance of surviving the later stages of the adventure .
building up experience and [finding out] magic items gives samson an enhanced chance of surviving the later stages of the adventure .

And nor should they be , for if my contention is correct , they are simply discovering new applications for that basic idea of popular power ; they are doing no more than engaging in the latest reinterpretation , or fresh application , of the classic democratic idea .
and nor should they be , for if my contention is correct , they are simply [finding out] new applications for that basic idea of popular power ; they are doing no more than engaging in the latest reinterpretation , or fresh application , of the classic democratic idea .

The search must be no more than reasonably required for the purposes of discovering such evidence and there must be reasonable grounds for believing that such evidence will be found .
the search must be no more than reasonably required for the purposes of [finding out] such evidence and there must be reasonable grounds for believing that such evidence will be found .

Discovering which words to teach
[finding out] which words to teach

He was very interested in discovering whether the tattoo would grow as he grew and he thought he already detected some enlargement .
he was very interested in [finding out] whether the tattoo would grow as he grew and he thought he already detected some enlargement .

Even forgetting the music , there 's nothing more soul destroying than discovering that the constituent parts of the lean , mean Rock'n'Roll machine you worshipped as a kid have subsequently developed beer bellies , a penchant for incontinence wear and an alarming tendency to part their hair Jack Charlton- style an inch and a half above the right ear .
even forgetting the music , there 's nothing more soul destroying than [finding out] that the constituent parts of the lean , mean rock'n'roll machine you worshipped as a kid have subsequently developed beer bellies , a penchant for incontinence wear and an alarming tendency to part their hair jack charlton- style an inch and a half above the right ear .

But there is something else too : a girl becoming a woman , discovering love , a girl who wants to choose an absolute , but can not find it .
but there is something else too : a girl becoming a woman , [finding out] love , a girl who wants to choose an absolute , but can not find it .

Those who eschew its procedures risk discovering that the forum 's internal law required transmittal of documents for service abroad , and that the Convention therefore provided the exclusive means of valid service .
those who eschew its procedures risk [finding out] that the forum 's internal law required transmittal of documents for service abroad , and that the convention therefore provided the exclusive means of valid service .

Our work is aimed primarily at discovering the content and organization of the social knowledge and belief an individual member has to have , to be able to perform reasonably adequately in the social life of his group .
our work is aimed primarily at [finding out] the content and organization of the social knowledge and belief an individual member has to have , to be able to perform reasonably adequately in the social life of his group .

If , however , one is uncertain about the typical choice of a typical member one may examine all the members one can reach and then form some kind of average , discovering the type that way .
if , however , one is uncertain about the typical choice of a typical member one may examine all the members one can reach and then form some kind of average , [finding out] the type that way .

Since the basic hypothesis of the ethogenic approach to the understanding of social action is that the very same social knowledge and skill is involved in the genesis of action and of accounts , by recording and analysing each separately , we have two mutually supporting and reciprocally checking ways of discovering the underlying system of social knowledge and belief .
since the basic hypothesis of the ethogenic approach to the understanding of social action is that the very same social knowledge and skill is involved in the genesis of action and of accounts , by recording and analysing each separately , we have two mutually supporting and reciprocally checking ways of [finding out] the underlying system of social knowledge and belief .

While Prince Charles could afford to be amused , Diana was quickly discovering the exacting price of royal romance .
while prince charles could afford to be amused , diana was quickly [finding out] the exacting price of royal romance .

She fell in love with him but , on discovering he was already married , she retired to a nunnery .
she fell in love with him but , on [finding out] he was already married , she retired to a nunnery .

In GynlEcology , discovering or recovering one 's own self is seen as akin to a process of salvation or religious rebirth , and Daly writes of what she calls the unveiling or unwinding of the ‘ shrouds ’ of patriarchy to reveal the authentic female Spirit-Self underneath .
in gynlecology , [finding out] or recovering one 's own self is seen as akin to a process of salvation or religious rebirth , and daly writes of what she calls the unveiling or unwinding of the ‘ shrouds ’ of patriarchy to reveal the authentic female spirit-self underneath .

Discovering the fantasies of others , too , may be threatening ; the discovery , for example , as Rosalind Coward ( 1984 ) suggests , that the ‘ mild ’ man one lives with is a secret addict of sadomasochistic pornography .
[finding out] the fantasies of others , too , may be threatening ; the discovery , for example , as rosalind coward ( 1984 ) suggests , that the ‘ mild ’ man one lives with is a secret addict of sadomasochistic pornography .

The law 's got an answer — six months after discovering the adultery .
the law 's got an answer — six months after [finding out] the adultery .

All losses must be reported to the Helpline within 24 hours of discovering the loss .
all losses must be reported to the helpline within 24 hours of [finding out] the loss .

defendant in belief that it was necessary to enter an appearance before a payment into court could be made was not estopped when he sought to have the case dismissed for want of prosecution on discovering that the writ had not9 been served .
defendant in belief that it was necessary to enter an appearance before a payment into court could be made was not estopped when he sought to have the case dismissed for want of prosecution on [finding out] that the writ had not9 been served .

Thomas was sure the other androids would have rescued her from the burning ship but , discovering she was not part of their mission , would then have executed her .
thomas was sure the other androids would have rescued her from the burning ship but , [finding out] she was not part of their mission , would then have executed her .

Bunny raised no more than than an eyebrow and we shouldered our way through to the hall where Dosh and Freddie were discovering that they could really get to like Kümmel .
bunny raised no more than than an eyebrow and we shouldered our way through to the hall where dosh and freddie were [finding out] that they could really get to like kümmel .

Companies responsible for its prospects have gone out of business seven times , discovering that while they could make money on the big promotions , the building and park were too expensive to run on a tickover basis ( nowadays the park alone costs £650,000 a year to maintain ) , and in an earlier era of six-day working weeks , the public had not much leisure time to spend there anyway .
companies responsible for its prospects have gone out of business seven times , [finding out] that while they could make money on the big promotions , the building and park were too expensive to run on a tickover basis ( nowadays the park alone costs £650,000 a year to maintain ) , and in an earlier era of six-day working weeks , the public had not much leisure time to spend there anyway .

These women , from that most suburban of countries , tell their tales in a multitude of contexts : discovering feminism , participating in activism on sexual politics , sexual awakening , structuring relationships .
these women , from that most suburban of countries , tell their tales in a multitude of contexts : [finding out] feminism , participating in activism on sexual politics , sexual awakening , structuring relationships .

Meanwhile , for Stan the basic business of discovering fossils proceeded at a dazzling pace .
meanwhile , for stan the basic business of [finding out] fossils proceeded at a dazzling pace .

The focus of the drama shifts to discovering the dangers , and weighing up pros and cons of using the magic carpet .
the focus of the drama shifts to [finding out] the dangers , and weighing up pros and cons of using the magic carpet .

One good reason why such people ( if they want to become anthropologists ) should start off by studying a cultural system which is radically different from their own is that they can thereby undergo the traumatic experience of discovering that , in other societies , this deeply emotive private/public distinction may operate in quite a different way .
one good reason why such people ( if they want to become anthropologists ) should start off by studying a cultural system which is radically different from their own is that they can thereby undergo the traumatic experience of [finding out] that , in other societies , this deeply emotive private/public distinction may operate in quite a different way .

, including the fire escape , discovering the Prophet 's means of exit from the apartment .
, including the fire escape , [finding out] the prophet 's means of exit from the apartment .

It aimed at discovering whether levels of sexual activity outwith marriage and other forms of deviant sexual behaviour in the cities correspond to those already found elsewhere .
it aimed at [finding out] whether levels of sexual activity outwith marriage and other forms of deviant sexual behaviour in the cities correspond to those already found elsewhere .

By discovering how economies adapt to major changes , the study will improve our empirical understanding of the present low savings rate , high house prices and relatively high unemployment levels .
by [finding out] how economies adapt to major changes , the study will improve our empirical understanding of the present low savings rate , high house prices and relatively high unemployment levels .

It was like discovering you have a disease ; something permanent but liveable-with , like diabetes .
it was like [finding out] you have a disease ; something permanent but liveable-with , like diabetes .

The idea was that the women should run the house themselves , but there was a series of crises ( husbands discovering the address , a fight between two of the women , harassment from a gang of local kids — and the children themselves to be looked after ) which meant that a couple of the support group had to be around most of the time .
the idea was that the women should run the house themselves , but there was a series of crises ( husbands [finding out] the address , a fight between two of the women , harassment from a gang of local kids — and the children themselves to be looked after ) which meant that a couple of the support group had to be around most of the time .

Now she was discovering a wider world .
now she was [finding out] a wider world .

Discovering strength and skills she had n't known she possessed , Polly sailed Seawitch away from the wave-lashed rocky coast and out into the safety of deeper water .
[finding out] strength and skills she had n't known she possessed , polly sailed seawitch away from the wave-lashed rocky coast and out into the safety of deeper water .

The Director has the duty to inform himself about consumer trade practices with a view to discovering those which adversely affect consumers ' economic interests , section 2 .
the director has the duty to inform himself about consumer trade practices with a view to [finding out] those which adversely affect consumers ' economic interests , section 2 .

‘ This has upset you — coming here and discovering some of Elise 's work .
‘ this has upset you — coming here and [finding out] some of elise 's work .

With shareware you have ample time to try before you buy , discovering all the programs abilities , and testing it on your own computer .
with shareware you have ample time to try before you buy , [finding out] all the programs abilities , and testing it on your own computer .

There is no point in planning to re-use the memory on your old board and then discovering that it does n't fit the new one !
there is no point in planning to re-use the memory on your old board and then [finding out] that it does n't fit the new one !

The flat seemed cold and empty when she let herself in several hours later , and discovering a message from Kelly on the answering-machine brought no respite from the depression which had settled over her like a heavy black cloud .
the flat seemed cold and empty when she let herself in several hours later , and [finding out] a message from kelly on the answering-machine brought no respite from the depression which had settled over her like a heavy black cloud .

Obsessed as we are by discovering the truth , we still believe the face — and the successful portrait — to be an honest , unveiled depiction of the subject .
obsessed as we are by [finding out] the truth , we still believe the face — and the successful portrait — to be an honest , unveiled depiction of the subject .

The sheer pleasure of discovering other people 's domestic arrangement stirred in her .
the sheer pleasure of [finding out] other people 's domestic arrangement stirred in her .

The task of discovering the truth or even of helping Amy would come some way after those considerations .
the task of [finding out] the truth or even of helping amy would come some way after those considerations .

‘ All through the day of the funeral , ’ said Sherrin , ‘ the solemnity , the pomp and the processing poured out of the television and Michael , who was sitting at home watching it all , was inspired to address the nation through the character of Byron and to explain the impact on his generation of discovering the greatness of the dead ex-Prime Minister .
‘ all through the day of the funeral , ’ said sherrin , ‘ the solemnity , the pomp and the processing poured out of the television and michael , who was sitting at home watching it all , was inspired to address the nation through the character of byron and to explain the impact on his generation of [finding out] the greatness of the dead ex-prime minister .

The Athenaeum saw the Birds of Europe as Gould 's first serious ornithological work , while the Analyst revelled in discovering a work fit to rival the foreign competition .
the athenaeum saw the birds of europe as gould 's first serious ornithological work , while the analyst revelled in [finding out] a work fit to rival the foreign competition .

It was only nine years since Charles Sturt had returned , starving and almost blind , from discovering the Darling and the Murray Rivers ; it was to be another five years before he ventured towards the centre of Australia in search of that mythical inland sea .
it was only nine years since charles sturt had returned , starving and almost blind , from [finding out] the darling and the murray rivers ; it was to be another five years before he ventured towards the centre of australia in search of that mythical inland sea .

’ Can you help me maybe , by discovering his whereabouts , and perhaps persuading him — through a third party if necessary — to return to his home , or to communicate with the prison officials here ?
’ can you help me maybe , by [finding out] his whereabouts , and perhaps persuading him — through a third party if necessary — to return to his home , or to communicate with the prison officials here ?

The only idea she had was of discovering some sort of shelter for the night , for she must catch the stage to her destination early in the morning .
the only idea she had was of [finding out] some sort of shelter for the night , for she must catch the stage to her destination early in the morning .

‘ Yes , in point of discovering information .
‘ yes , in point of [finding out] information .

Like McAllister he was discovering that it was easy to bear the grief and pain of others when you were not emotionally committed to them .
like mcallister he was [finding out] that it was easy to bear the grief and pain of others when you were not emotionally committed to them .

Sally-Anne sometimes thought that her career as a housemaid had been sparked off by that remark as much as by anything else — that and discovering how hard life was in the East End , and her determination to write about it from the inside , rather than as a privileged outsider looking in .
sally-anne sometimes thought that her career as a housemaid had been sparked off by that remark as much as by anything else — that and [finding out] how hard life was in the east end , and her determination to write about it from the inside , rather than as a privileged outsider looking in .

In life , she was discovering , gain and loss frequently went hand in hand .
in life , she was [finding out] , gain and loss frequently went hand in hand .

Providing they are not restrained by government interference , newly-born humans offer a fresh source of ingenuity and can provide solutions to many more problems than they cause — by discovering new energy sources , for instance .
providing they are not restrained by government interference , newly-born humans offer a fresh source of ingenuity and can provide solutions to many more problems than they cause — by [finding out] new energy sources , for instance .

Ordinary Earth Dwellers are discovering that they can control what happens to their planet .
ordinary earth dwellers are [finding out] that they can control what happens to their planet .

In heterosexual intercourse men risk discovering in women an unsettling power which contradicts and undermines their own more obvious social , political and physical power .
in heterosexual intercourse men risk [finding out] in women an unsettling power which contradicts and undermines their own more obvious social , political and physical power .

As a learning process , history is supposed to be about making connections , situating particular moments in large wholes , discovering a principle of order in the midst of seeming chaos .
as a learning process , history is supposed to be about making connections , situating particular moments in large wholes , [finding out] a principle of order in the midst of seeming chaos .

The boathouse looked completely disused from the river and a courting couple , discovering the unlocked grille , had simply slipped inside for a bit of extra privacy .
the boathouse looked completely disused from the river and a courting couple , [finding out] the unlocked grille , had simply slipped inside for a bit of extra privacy .

Her other hand was splayed against his shoulder , under his shirt , her fingertips discovering the glory of bone and muscle under the heated skin .
her other hand was splayed against his shoulder , under his shirt , her fingertips [finding out] the glory of bone and muscle under the heated skin .

For the first time in her life , she was discovering exactly what level of response her untutored and bewildered body might be capable of .
for the first time in her life , she was [finding out] exactly what level of response her untutored and bewildered body might be capable of .

However , because of the problems of discovering how much people value public goods , it is virtually impossible for government to determine the most socially efficient quantity of public goods .
however , because of the problems of [finding out] how much people value public goods , it is virtually impossible for government to determine the most socially efficient quantity of public goods .

The new knowledge is acquired through changes in the prices of resources and of products , brought about by the bids and offers of the entrepreneur-producers who are eagerly competing for the profits to be won by discovering where resource owners and consumers have ( in effect ) underestimated each other 's eagerness to buy or to sell .
the new knowledge is acquired through changes in the prices of resources and of products , brought about by the bids and offers of the entrepreneur-producers who are eagerly competing for the profits to be won by [finding out] where resource owners and consumers have ( in effect ) underestimated each other 's eagerness to buy or to sell .

This project will also be primarily addressed at discovering how we recognise voices .
this project will also be primarily addressed at [finding out] how we recognise voices .

The feel of him , the male realities of firmly muscled flesh and taut nipples which her fingertips were discovering , heightened her awareness of his masculinity , her thrill of recognition almost atavistic in its primitive pleasure , and desire reached a pitch so exquisite it was nearly pain .
the feel of him , the male realities of firmly muscled flesh and taut nipples which her fingertips were [finding out] , heightened her awareness of his masculinity , her thrill of recognition almost atavistic in its primitive pleasure , and desire reached a pitch so exquisite it was nearly pain .

Maria stared at him standing there , discovering that he looked slightly drawn , while there was a hotness to his eyes now , as if fever or perhaps simply fatigue afflicted him .
maria stared at him standing there , [finding out] that he looked slightly drawn , while there was a hotness to his eyes now , as if fever or perhaps simply fatigue afflicted him .

She moved back a step , after discovering that she 'd unknowingly moved closer to him than was socially acceptable .
she moved back a step , after [finding out] that she 'd unknowingly moved closer to him than was socially acceptable .

Copying Lucenzo , she sipped the coffee and then the water , discovering the pleasure of the contrasting tastes .
copying lucenzo , she sipped the coffee and then the water , [finding out] the pleasure of the contrasting tastes .

There must be other secrets , and it would be fascinating discovering them — ’
there must be other secrets , and it would be fascinating [finding out] them — ’

She quailed at his heartless words , afraid of discovering that her adored father had feet of clay but determined to face the truth .
she quailed at his heartless words , afraid of [finding out] that her adored father had feet of clay but determined to face the truth .

Heather must have had some compelling reason to follow in the direction they led , yet what that reason might be he was no nearer discovering .
heather must have had some compelling reason to follow in the direction they led , yet what that reason might be he was no nearer [finding out] .

He was on his way back from Kensal Green to Paddington , on his way back from discovering in Zohra Labrooy at least one friend of Heather 's who was prepared to be an ally of his .
he was on his way back from kensal green to paddington , on his way back from [finding out] in zohra labrooy at least one friend of heather 's who was prepared to be an ally of his .

‘ Besides , it occurred to me that Rex might be deliberately misleading Heather in order to prevent her discovering some connection between Clare and himself .
‘ besides , it occurred to me that rex might be deliberately misleading heather in order to prevent her [finding out] some connection between clare and himself .

And went rolling downwards , discovering its own depth .
and went rolling downwards , [finding out] its own depth .

It was eight o'clock , and Folly was cursing the cowardice , or whatever it was , that had prevented her from discovering Luke 's number and ringing to refuse the invitation .
it was eight o'clock , and folly was cursing the cowardice , or whatever it was , that had prevented her from [finding out] luke 's number and ringing to refuse the invitation .

In one sense , literature is like any other form of social or cultural activity , so that it may be analyzed in semiological terms ; this would involve discovering what the nature of its component signs are , and how the system governing their use and combinations operates .
in one sense , literature is like any other form of social or cultural activity , so that it may be analyzed in semiological terms ; this would involve [finding out] what the nature of its component signs are , and how the system governing their use and combinations operates .

Now , in retrospect , she could see that marriage to him would have been a ghastly mistake , and that her reaction to discovering that he had been seeing other women while he had been engaged to her had had far more to do with wounded pride than with a wounded heart .
now , in retrospect , she could see that marriage to him would have been a ghastly mistake , and that her reaction to [finding out] that he had been seeing other women while he had been engaged to her had had far more to do with wounded pride than with a wounded heart .

The end-of-year panic on discovering that other teachers had covered more had led to a general feeling that the quicker topics were completed the better .
the end-of-year panic on [finding out] that other teachers had covered more had led to a general feeling that the quicker topics were completed the better .

… children find it easier to improvise , and therefore liberate themselves in terms of discovering and finding valuable ways of expressing what they want to say through sound , but also learning new skills through improvisation .
… children find it easier to improvise , and therefore liberate themselves in terms of [finding out] and finding valuable ways of expressing what they want to say through sound , but also learning new skills through improvisation .

Without scrutinising the accounts and checking them against stock , Ian could think of no way of discovering whether Williams was telling the truth about the number of candles held by the Cathedral .
without scrutinising the accounts and checking them against stock , ian could think of no way of [finding out] whether williams was telling the truth about the number of candles held by the cathedral .

Another example of the love theme is the humorous courting by Wemmick directed towards Miss Shiffins and the funny way in which they ( Pip and Wemmick ) arrive for his marriage with Wemmick ‘ accidentally ’ discovering a church and then a pair of gloves , followed by Miss Shiffins and finally a wedding ring .
another example of the love theme is the humorous courting by wemmick directed towards miss shiffins and the funny way in which they ( pip and wemmick ) arrive for his marriage with wemmick ‘ accidentally ’ [finding out] a church and then a pair of gloves , followed by miss shiffins and finally a wedding ring .

In Britain the early surveys were primarily concerned with discovering the material conditions in which the population lived .
in britain the early surveys were primarily concerned with [finding out] the material conditions in which the population lived .

The plaintiffs , upon discovering the sale , offered the defendants the arrears of rent .
the plaintiffs , upon [finding out] the sale , offered the defendants the arrears of rent .

The test requires a three-step procedure as follows : Abstraction — discovering the non-literal elements by a process akin to reverse engineering , beginning with the code and ending with the program 's ultimate function .
the test requires a three-step procedure as follows : abstraction — [finding out] the non-literal elements by a process akin to reverse engineering , beginning with the code and ending with the program 's ultimate function .

Important factors were : Farmers had no way of knowing or discovering that the seed was defective .
important factors were : farmers had no way of knowing or [finding out] that the seed was defective .

Knowledge of this fact being the result of the finding , the to infinitive is required in order to evoke it in the subsequence of the event of discovering denoted by the main verb .
knowledge of this fact being the result of the finding , the to infinitive is required in order to evoke it in the subsequence of the event of [finding out] denoted by the main verb .

In the line ‘ mine eye fixed with mock study on my swimming book ’ the readers sees the contempt with which Coleridge treats the uncreative action of merely ‘ learning ’ rather than discovering anything new .
in the line ‘ mine eye fixed with mock study on my swimming book ’ the readers sees the contempt with which coleridge treats the uncreative action of merely ‘ learning ’ rather than [finding out] anything new .

Campbell , serving a minimum of 20 years for six murders during the so-called Glasgow ice cream war , last month accepted £250 damages after discovering his hospital bed in Petershead Prison , north-east Scotland , was infested with lice .
campbell , serving a minimum of 20 years for six murders during the so-called glasgow ice cream war , last month accepted £250 damages after [finding out] his hospital bed in petershead prison , north-east scotland , was infested with lice .

Discovering Miss Danziger to be familiar — even intimately familiar — with every blade of grass on Møn , his curiosity had been aroused .
[finding out] miss danziger to be familiar — even intimately familiar — with every blade of grass on møn , his curiosity had been aroused .

Learning the needs of horses is the first step in discovering their emotions , and understanding their behaviour .
learning the needs of horses is the first step in [finding out] their emotions , and understanding their behaviour .

Similarly , it 's no good discovering that you are going to need an autocue and a slide projector when there 's no money left to buy or hire them , or that your guest speaker will only fly first class when you 've allocated £200 in your budget for his travel costs because someone vaguely remembered that £200 was the ‘ Apex fare ’ .
similarly , it 's no good [finding out] that you are going to need an autocue and a slide projector when there 's no money left to buy or hire them , or that your guest speaker will only fly first class when you 've allocated £200 in your budget for his travel costs because someone vaguely remembered that £200 was the ‘ apex fare ’ .

It may even have been the case — a suggestion emanating , admittedly , from a piece of post-war testimony — that the Reich Propaganda Ministry deliberately started off a rumour that the Führer , on discovering what was taking place ( in an ‘ action ’ which , in reality , he himself had authorized in writing ) , had given the order to halt it immediately .
it may even have been the case — a suggestion emanating , admittedly , from a piece of post-war testimony — that the reich propaganda ministry deliberately started off a rumour that the führer , on [finding out] what was taking place ( in an ‘ action ’ which , in reality , he himself had authorized in writing ) , had given the order to halt it immediately .

She was discovering that there was truth in one of showbusiness 's most hackneyed old sayings : Fame costs .
she was [finding out] that there was truth in one of showbusiness 's most hackneyed old sayings : fame costs .

Daniel told me he liked to stroll about on such evenings , discovering these momentary beauties which accidents of light or shade or unsuspected angles of perspective brought back untarnished from former days .
daniel told me he liked to stroll about on such evenings , [finding out] these momentary beauties which accidents of light or shade or unsuspected angles of perspective brought back untarnished from former days .

The new Conservative government can not profess terrible shock at discovering the truth , blame the last tenants and administer some swift , foul-tasting medicine like devaluation .
the new conservative government can not profess terrible shock at [finding out] the truth , blame the last tenants and administer some swift , foul-tasting medicine like devaluation .

Where the principal 's existence is undisclosed , the other contracting party , on discovering it , has an option whether he will hold agent or principal liable .
where the principal 's existence is undisclosed , the other contracting party , on [finding out] it , has an option whether he will hold agent or principal liable .

The five that already have them — America , Britain , China , France and the Soviet Union — are discovering co-operation after years of blocking each other with vetoes .
the five that already have them — america , britain , china , france and the soviet union — are [finding out] co-operation after years of blocking each other with vetoes .

Bacon 's method was aimed at discovering the formal causes of particular phenomena .
bacon 's method was aimed at [finding out] the formal causes of particular phenomena .

Though our reason may fail us in discovering moral truths , it need not in verifying what the Bible says .
though our reason may fail us in [finding out] moral truths , it need not in verifying what the bible says .

The oddity is that , just when the Soviet Union is discovering the merit of think-tanks engaged in ideological combat , the American scene has gone quiet .
the oddity is that , just when the soviet union is [finding out] the merit of think-tanks engaged in ideological combat , the american scene has gone quiet .

The young veteran Ronald Ridenhour , whose conscience first led him to question former comrades , was racked by horror at discovering the crimes his friends had committed but felt no fear of official reprisal when he wrote to 30 Congressmen .
the young veteran ronald ridenhour , whose conscience first led him to question former comrades , was racked by horror at [finding out] the crimes his friends had committed but felt no fear of official reprisal when he wrote to 30 congressmen .

This is a great part of the pleasure Matthew Spender found ; discovering craftsmen , for example , one of whom remembered who had built a palazzo in Florence , another who hid in the cellar for fear of thunderstorms , yet another who built him beehives .
this is a great part of the pleasure matthew spender found ; [finding out] craftsmen , for example , one of whom remembered who had built a palazzo in florence , another who hid in the cellar for fear of thunderstorms , yet another who built him beehives .

Convulvulus cneorum and Stachys olympica ‘ silver carpet ’ have the added advantage of soft , velvety leaves , ideal for stroking by young hands discovering texture .
convulvulus cneorum and stachys olympica ‘ silver carpet ’ have the added advantage of soft , velvety leaves , ideal for stroking by young hands [finding out] texture .

An evening paper was the only way of discovering the result .
an evening paper was the only way of [finding out] the result .

After discovering three further tombs , Andronikos concluded that he had lighted on the burial-place of the Macedon royal family .
after [finding out] three further tombs , andronikos concluded that he had lighted on the burial-place of the macedon royal family .

The Institute defines export marketing as the complete process of discovering and satisfying the needs of overseas customers , at a profit .
the institute defines export marketing as the complete process of [finding out] and satisfying the needs of overseas customers , at a profit .

By day of course , why not team up with another couple and get out and about sightseeing or discovering those hide away places that will linger for ever in your memories ? It makes car hire cheaper too !
by day of course , why not team up with another couple and get out and about sightseeing or [finding out] those hide away places that will linger for ever in your memories ? it makes car hire cheaper too !

Continually there is value in the teacher telling the story whilst the class are doing it ; everybody works at one and the same time , discovering for themselves how to do each thing .
continually there is value in the teacher telling the story whilst the class are doing it ; everybody works at one and the same time , [finding out] for themselves how to do each thing .

Discovering new treatments and techniques in the fight against cancer is the aim of the Tenovus research teams .
[finding out] new treatments and techniques in the fight against cancer is the aim of the tenovus research teams .

It is a means of discovering at just eight weeks of pregnancy whether the foetus is normal .
it is a means of [finding out] at just eight weeks of pregnancy whether the foetus is normal .

The court was told that Sir Ian complained to the Bar Council after discovering in 1987 that Mr Samuels had the year before put £10,000 of chambers ' money into a building society account without Sir Ian 's knowledge .
the court was told that sir ian complained to the bar council after [finding out] in 1987 that mr samuels had the year before put £10,000 of chambers ' money into a building society account without sir ian 's knowledge .

Just as stagebound as anything produced before 1939 is When We Are Married ( 1943 ) , in which three middle-aged couples are thrown into a frenzy upon discovering that the parson who married them all those years ago was n't qualified to do so .
just as stagebound as anything produced before 1939 is when we are married ( 1943 ) , in which three middle-aged couples are thrown into a frenzy upon [finding out] that the parson who married them all those years ago was n't qualified to do so .

And discovering that they have been told lies all their lives .
and [finding out] that they have been told lies all their lives .

But now she was being drawn , as it were unwillingly , into his world which although intellectual — abstract , even — was , she was discovering , informed by deep , profound passion .
but now she was being drawn , as it were unwillingly , into his world which although intellectual — abstract , even — was , she was [finding out] , informed by deep , profound passion .

‘ Hearing the early stuff can be embarrassing , like discovering love letters you 'd written when you were 15 .
‘ hearing the early stuff can be embarrassing , like [finding out] love letters you 'd written when you were 15 .

As he has been discovering , the issues which excite New Yorkers are not rising levels of crime , poverty and the deteriorating quality of life .
as he has been [finding out] , the issues which excite new yorkers are not rising levels of crime , poverty and the deteriorating quality of life .

And we are discovering that we are not interested in exploring the finer points of alienation with tea cuppery , but that the theatre can be a bridge of bone between sickness and health — that our language will somehow always be on the edge of poetry and that image and metaphor are our natural tools — they best express whole worlds and histories in collision with each other .
and we are [finding out] that we are not interested in exploring the finer points of alienation with tea cuppery , but that the theatre can be a bridge of bone between sickness and health — that our language will somehow always be on the edge of poetry and that image and metaphor are our natural tools — they best express whole worlds and histories in collision with each other .

The days when the voice was trained to be a beautiful sound in itself are no longer with us ; instead , the emphasis is on a more natural approach , with each actor discovering the true quality of his/her own voice , and extending its range as much as possible .
the days when the voice was trained to be a beautiful sound in itself are no longer with us ; instead , the emphasis is on a more natural approach , with each actor [finding out] the true quality of his/her own voice , and extending its range as much as possible .

This was explicitly recognized by the early twentieth century physiologists who saw their fundamental task as that of discovering how the infinite variety of the perceived world could be reflected in , or reconstructed in , the rather monotonous nervous system .
this was explicitly recognized by the early twentieth century physiologists who saw their fundamental task as that of [finding out] how the infinite variety of the perceived world could be reflected in , or reconstructed in , the rather monotonous nervous system .

We 're all discovering conversation .
we 're all [finding out] conversation .

Are you tired of wondering what to give the family for dinner . Or , having decided on a day 's menu , discovering that you do n't have the right ingredients to hand ?
are you tired of wondering what to give the family for dinner . or , having decided on a day 's menu , [finding out] that you do n't have the right ingredients to hand ?

Unexpectedly , when sulphanilamide was tried in bird malaria ( see Chapter 8 ) , at that time the standard procedure for discovering new antimalarial agents , it did not work .
unexpectedly , when sulphanilamide was tried in bird malaria ( see chapter 8 ) , at that time the standard procedure for [finding out] new antimalarial agents , it did not work .

There is no reason to suppose that either Wilhelm Roentgen ( 1845–1923 ) or Pierre Curie ( 1859–1906 ) had any thought of discovering a treatment for cancer when they first encountered X-rays and radium .
there is no reason to suppose that either wilhelm roentgen ( 1845–1923 ) or pierre curie ( 1859–1906 ) had any thought of [finding out] a treatment for cancer when they first encountered x-rays and radium .

Histamine , another active substance first extracted from tissues ( see chapter 4 ) is not involved in the treatment of high blood pressure , but the study of receptors has been extremely fruitful in exploring its properties and discovering other drugs .
histamine , another active substance first extracted from tissues ( see chapter 4 ) is not involved in the treatment of high blood pressure , but the study of receptors has been extremely fruitful in exploring its properties and [finding out] other drugs .

Mr Savoy came across the stone tablets in a remote cave as his expedition of 40 men and 70 horses trudged back from discovering Gran Vilaya , his 43rd lost city in Peru this year .
mr savoy came across the stone tablets in a remote cave as his expedition of 40 men and 70 horses trudged back from [finding out] gran vilaya , his 43rd lost city in peru this year .

— one would have to start discovering which prices ought to rise and which ought to fall to offset them , and this is just what we want a commission to do for us because we pretend that we do n't know how to do it for ourselves .
— one would have to start [finding out] which prices ought to rise and which ought to fall to offset them , and this is just what we want a commission to do for us because we pretend that we do n't know how to do it for ourselves .

As a medium through which to secure your fame and fortune , even those publications for whom discovering new talent is an important role are n't the force they were .
as a medium through which to secure your fame and fortune , even those publications for whom [finding out] new talent is an important role are n't the force they were .

The earlier Kipling brought about an ‘ introduction of India and the Colonies into the sphere of consciousness of the inhabitants of the London suburb ’ ; the later was ‘ discovering and reclaiming a lost inheritance ’ .
the earlier kipling brought about an ‘ introduction of india and the colonies into the sphere of consciousness of the inhabitants of the london suburb ’ ; the later was ‘ [finding out] and reclaiming a lost inheritance ’ .

On discovering that Ali was also having an affair with a prostitute , Meriem , Douglas horse-whipped him : ‘ his howls created a tumult among the people in the hotel ’ .
on [finding out] that ali was also having an affair with a prostitute , meriem , douglas horse-whipped him : ‘ his howls created a tumult among the people in the hotel ’ .

Such action does not determine what economic activities should be undertaken , but it does provide a framework for discovering and solving problems common to the community as a whole .
such action does not determine what economic activities should be undertaken , but it does provide a framework for [finding out] and solving problems common to the community as a whole .

In any case , most women are less interested in being ‘ like men ’ than in discovering and using their own gifts .
in any case , most women are less interested in being ‘ like men ’ than in [finding out] and using their own gifts .

Alison had shown enough respectable horror on discovering that he was married to prove she was a nice girl .
alison had shown enough respectable horror on [finding out] that he was married to prove she was a nice girl .

He did n't see any reason to mind it , but he wondered how she had developed such a good instinct for discovering his whereabouts .
he did n't see any reason to mind it , but he wondered how she had developed such a good instinct for [finding out] his whereabouts .

Among others he had a plan for discovering the perpetual motion .
among others he had a plan for [finding out] the perpetual motion .

He was like a gold miner , chipping away at the rocks and occasionally discovering tantalizing little nuggets that spurred him on towards his dream of striking a rich seam .
he was like a gold miner , chipping away at the rocks and occasionally [finding out] tantalizing little nuggets that spurred him on towards his dream of striking a rich seam .

It was an odd fact that they spoke of him in terms of discovering a new talent — a new star who had emerged quite suddenly — and apparently unaware that he was a veteran of a string of past films .
it was an odd fact that they spoke of him in terms of [finding out] a new talent — a new star who had emerged quite suddenly — and apparently unaware that he was a veteran of a string of past films .

He felt up the arm , discovering the small person not quite dragging away from him , a tight bundle clutched in its left arm .
he felt up the arm , [finding out] the small person not quite dragging away from him , a tight bundle clutched in its left arm .

The first is a process of ‘ abstraction ’ , the process responsible for discovering invariants .
the first is a process of ‘ abstraction ’ , the process responsible for [finding out] invariants .

He also provides clients with a list of local experts like solicitors and surveyors to prevent very localised property pitfalls — such as discovering that someone owns the mining rights under or beside your home , or that the Duchy of Cornwall has the title to the foreshore and your mooring , which can lop £100,000 off the house value .
he also provides clients with a list of local experts like solicitors and surveyors to prevent very localised property pitfalls — such as [finding out] that someone owns the mining rights under or beside your home , or that the duchy of cornwall has the title to the foreshore and your mooring , which can lop £100,000 off the house value .

Commentators are fond of discovering and praising a guidebook clarity in the novel .
commentators are fond of [finding out] and praising a guidebook clarity in the novel .

Discovering new galaxies , superconducting in a perfect world , the coldest place on earth , fast SiGe devices , high speed low power flip-flop , and did you know …
[finding out] new galaxies , superconducting in a perfect world , the coldest place on earth , fast sige devices , high speed low power flip-flop , and did you know …

It is her final passionate abandon on discovering Romeo 's body that demonstrates how overwhelming sorrow can destroy all sense of discipline over both body and mind .
it is her final passionate abandon on [finding out] romeo 's body that demonstrates how overwhelming sorrow can destroy all sense of discipline over both body and mind .

Broadcast on November 23rd , 1982 , the Play for Today , ‘ John David ’ was meticulously balanced in its depiction of the true life dilemma facing the author of the play , Paula Milne , on discovering that she had given birth to a child with Down 's Syndrome .
broadcast on november 23rd , 1982 , the play for today , ‘ john david ’ was meticulously balanced in its depiction of the true life dilemma facing the author of the play , paula milne , on [finding out] that she had given birth to a child with down 's syndrome .

‘ Well , we can not get much further on our case without discovering the identity of the girl .
‘ well , we can not get much further on our case without [finding out] the identity of the girl .

Discovering where the big fish lie is part of the pleasure of fishing in this area .
[finding out] where the big fish lie is part of the pleasure of fishing in this area .

It was awarded to Hans Spemann , yet another German embryologist , in 1935 for discovering the organizer .
it was awarded to hans spemann , yet another german embryologist , in 1935 for [finding out] the organizer .

However , discovering the function of a gene is not at all easy .
however , [finding out] the function of a gene is not at all easy .

The result would be a kind of consensus of truth , a fully democratic method of discovering what was useful , what actually worked , and thus what was true .
the result would be a kind of consensus of truth , a fully democratic method of [finding out] what was useful , what actually worked , and thus what was true .

After the theatrics of the ridge , it 's a strange experience to emerge up on to an enormous flat plateau — a bit like climbing the ladder up to your loft and discovering it leads to an American Football stadium .
after the theatrics of the ridge , it 's a strange experience to emerge up on to an enormous flat plateau — a bit like climbing the ladder up to your loft and [finding out] it leads to an american football stadium .

Even in these days of permissiveness , it may be that the one party has not had , or has been denied , the opportunity of discovering the anatomical characteristics of the other .
even in these days of permissiveness , it may be that the one party has not had , or has been denied , the opportunity of [finding out] the anatomical characteristics of the other .

During the second half of the nineteenth century the British were constantly discovering new holiday destinations .
during the second half of the nineteenth century the british were constantly [finding out] new holiday destinations .

Sometimes you have your guts investigated after working too hard for too long , and discovering that things have gone astray Down There .
sometimes you have your guts investigated after working too hard for too long , and [finding out] that things have gone astray down there .

As a result , the panel actually gets in the way of discovering the very information it is there to find out .
as a result , the panel actually gets in the way of [finding out] the very information it is there to find out .

In the process they are vigorously engaged in discovering what belongs to them and what belongs to others .
in the process they are vigorously engaged in [finding out] what belongs to them and what belongs to others .

From time to time all children do this as part of the process of discovering themselves .
from time to time all children do this as part of the process of [finding out] themselves .

Either way , they have to face the possibility of discovering discrepancies between what they expect and what they experience , and in that lies the potential for development .
either way , they have to face the possibility of [finding out] discrepancies between what they expect and what they experience , and in that lies the potential for development .

As well as discovering edible and medicinal plants , our early ancestors discovered something even more interesting : that certain aromatic plants , when burnt on the fire , gave rise to altered states of consciousness .
as well as [finding out] edible and medicinal plants , our early ancestors discovered something even more interesting : that certain aromatic plants , when burnt on the fire , gave rise to altered states of consciousness .

‘ Unable to find any resting-place for the soles of their feet ’ ; ‘ roaming about the watery world , compasses in hand , and discovering no rest for them ’ ; references to ‘ The dove found no rest for the sole of her foot ’ , Gen. 6 : 4 .
‘ unable to find any resting-place for the soles of their feet ’ ; ‘ roaming about the watery world , compasses in hand , and [finding out] no rest for them ’ ; references to ‘ the dove found no rest for the sole of her foot ’ , gen. 6 : 4 .

manager of a City assurance office and the narrator of ‘ Hunted Down ’ , who helps Meltham to entrap Julius Slinkton after discovering him to be a murderer .
manager of a city assurance office and the narrator of ‘ hunted down ’ , who helps meltham to entrap julius slinkton after [finding out] him to be a murderer .

The Norwegians were simply concerned ‘ with discovering more effective catching methods ’ .
the norwegians were simply concerned ‘ with [finding out] more effective catching methods ’ .

Despite intense poetical activity by both men , money to finance Pantisocracy had simply not been found , and almost Southey 's first words on discovering Coleridge were to announce that he had abandoned immediate hopes of emigration in favour of a new scheme for setting up a trial community on a farm in Wales .
despite intense poetical activity by both men , money to finance pantisocracy had simply not been found , and almost southey 's first words on [finding out] coleridge were to announce that he had abandoned immediate hopes of emigration in favour of a new scheme for setting up a trial community on a farm in wales .

He walked heroic distances through France , Switzerland , and Germany in the summer vacation of 1790 , discovering for himself the realities of France in the throes of revolution , and the sublimities of the Alps .
he walked heroic distances through france , switzerland , and germany in the summer vacation of 1790 , [finding out] for himself the realities of france in the throes of revolution , and the sublimities of the alps .

The extraordinary commercial success of the Perkins prompted chemists everywhere to treat aniline preparations with many oxidising agents , in the hope of discovering a new aniline dyestuff .
the extraordinary commercial success of the perkins prompted chemists everywhere to treat aniline preparations with many oxidising agents , in the hope of [finding out] a new aniline dyestuff .

In these texts for the first time we find ‘ precatory ’ being used to describe the essential nature of trusts , and as the key to discovering what legal institution is involved .
in these texts for the first time we find ‘ precatory ’ being used to describe the essential nature of trusts , and as the key to [finding out] what legal institution is involved .

The Webbs defined the hypothesis as ‘ any tentative supposition , by the aid of which we endeavour to explain facts by discovering their orderliness … Without the guidance of hypotheses we should not know what to observe , what to look for , or what experiment to make in order to discover order in routine .
the webbs defined the hypothesis as ‘ any tentative supposition , by the aid of which we endeavour to explain facts by [finding out] their orderliness … without the guidance of hypotheses we should not know what to observe , what to look for , or what experiment to make in order to discover order in routine .

Lying with him was like discovering a miracle .
lying with him was like [finding out] a miracle .

But there was little chance of discovering who had killed him without help .
but there was little chance of [finding out] who had killed him without help .

‘ Let me go , let me go , ’ she whispered , discovering her helplessness too late .
‘ let me go , let me go , ’ she whispered , [finding out] her helplessness too late .

It was like discovering an old trick , something he had n't done for years and had thought was dead — unnerving but not entirely unpleasurable .
it was like [finding out] an old trick , something he had n't done for years and had thought was dead — unnerving but not entirely unpleasurable .

She had gone too far towards discovering who killed her father to turn back now .
she had gone too far towards [finding out] who killed her father to turn back now .

Staff at the medical centre at Heathrow airport once called in the Customs and Excise after discovering that two men admitted in a critical condition had brought it upon themselves after swallowing a total of forty-eight condoms filled with liquid cannabis .
staff at the medical centre at heathrow airport once called in the customs and excise after [finding out] that two men admitted in a critical condition had brought it upon themselves after swallowing a total of forty-eight condoms filled with liquid cannabis .

While discovering Hastings why not visit the Cannon Cinema in Queens Road opposite the Town Hall ?
while [finding out] hastings why not visit the cannon cinema in queens road opposite the town hall ?

Otherwise wandering the boulevards , discovering unspoilt backwaters or just watching the people is as much fun as more expensive pastimes .
otherwise wandering the boulevards , [finding out] unspoilt backwaters or just watching the people is as much fun as more expensive pastimes .

Since then , the Chinese have done an immense amount of work , discovering that its crystalline chemical structure differs from those of other antimalarial drugs .
since then , the chinese have done an immense amount of work , [finding out] that its crystalline chemical structure differs from those of other antimalarial drugs .

Any predator discovering an aposematic prey will be confronted with several others nearby .
any predator [finding out] an aposematic prey will be confronted with several others nearby .

Progress in the 19th century lay in improving refining techniques , in finding new uses ( especially in catalysis and electricity ) and discovering new sources , principally in the Urals — after which for a time the Russians adopted platinum coinage .
progress in the 19th century lay in improving refining techniques , in finding new uses ( especially in catalysis and electricity ) and [finding out] new sources , principally in the urals — after which for a time the russians adopted platinum coinage .

There is no record of who owns what in the area of mining rights ; thus a mining company may have to spend years discovering to whom it has to pay royalties even after it has ascertained that a piece of Britain contains valuable metals .
there is no record of who owns what in the area of mining rights ; thus a mining company may have to spend years [finding out] to whom it has to pay royalties even after it has ascertained that a piece of britain contains valuable metals .

Now there is more interest than ever in discovering these monopoles .
now there is more interest than ever in [finding out] these monopoles .

This is a powerful tool for ‘ free text retrieval ’ which , according to the 1978 Lindop report on data protection , is ideally suited to the retrieval of ‘ every occurrence of particular items of information from a larger mass , and for discovering the relationship of one piece of information with another .
this is a powerful tool for ‘ free text retrieval ’ which , according to the 1978 lindop report on data protection , is ideally suited to the retrieval of ‘ every occurrence of particular items of information from a larger mass , and for [finding out] the relationship of one piece of information with another .

It was concerned with the story that Archimedes had found a way of discovering if a crown made for King Hiero of Syracuse was in fact of pure gold , as it was supposed to be , or had been adulterated with a cheaper metal .
it was concerned with the story that archimedes had found a way of [finding out] if a crown made for king hiero of syracuse was in fact of pure gold , as it was supposed to be , or had been adulterated with a cheaper metal .

Chasing prey through the tree-tops is much more hazardous than pursuing them along the ground , as this raccoon-hunting puma is discovering ( below ) .
chasing prey through the tree-tops is much more hazardous than pursuing them along the ground , as this raccoon-hunting puma is [finding out] ( below ) .

Discovering the reason for the temporary loss of libido and keeping the whole problem in perspective will help .
[finding out] the reason for the temporary loss of libido and keeping the whole problem in perspective will help .

It seemed to him that he had come so far in discovering so much about his problem but was unable to bring about any substantial change .
it seemed to him that he had come so far in [finding out] so much about his problem but was unable to bring about any substantial change .

Tom had not reached the ripe old age of twenty-nine without discovering quite a few of them .
tom had not reached the ripe old age of twenty-nine without [finding out] quite a few of them .

He later extended the line in both directions and continued to plot and photograph tree clumps in the surrounding countryside , gradually discovering several more alignments , including a parallel system extending from the Sevenoaks Range to the High Weald in Sussex .
he later extended the line in both directions and continued to plot and photograph tree clumps in the surrounding countryside , gradually [finding out] several more alignments , including a parallel system extending from the sevenoaks range to the high weald in sussex .

Discovering the jewels in this wonderful set is akin to exploring a Fabergé egg : the chiselled craftsmanship and ever-increasing refinement stir a whole gamut of emotions .
[finding out] the jewels in this wonderful set is akin to exploring a fabergé egg : the chiselled craftsmanship and ever-increasing refinement stir a whole gamut of emotions .

And although there are similarities , too , not least in the prodigality of the invention , the real difference lies in the music : in essence , while Busoni , ten years younger , was on the doorstep of discovering his own language , Sergei Vasilyevich had found his some time back .
and although there are similarities , too , not least in the prodigality of the invention , the real difference lies in the music : in essence , while busoni , ten years younger , was on the doorstep of [finding out] his own language , sergei vasilyevich had found his some time back .

The idea of proceeding the other way round — discovering what we do well , and whole-heartedly , and contriving to make a living by it — seldom occurs .
the idea of proceeding the other way round — [finding out] what we do well , and whole-heartedly , and contriving to make a living by it — seldom occurs .

Family doctors are trained in the art of discovering what the patient has really come to see them about .
family doctors are trained in the art of [finding out] what the patient has really come to see them about .

Travel through time , discovering the variety of vehicles and methods of travel by road , rail , sea and air .
travel through time , [finding out] the variety of vehicles and methods of travel by road , rail , sea and air .

The cut may be made with little or no apparent awareness , the patient suddenly discovering that she has cut herself and at the same time experiencing a sense of relief .
the cut may be made with little or no apparent awareness , the patient suddenly [finding out] that she has cut herself and at the same time experiencing a sense of relief .

This input of detail , with the emphasis on the need for guidance and care made the transition appear to be a period of effort , anxiety , and danger ; and such a representation was convenient at a time when social scientists , and others , were ‘ discovering ’ adolescence as a stage of life characterized by ‘ storm and stress ’ .
this input of detail , with the emphasis on the need for guidance and care made the transition appear to be a period of effort , anxiety , and danger ; and such a representation was convenient at a time when social scientists , and others , were ‘ [finding out] ’ adolescence as a stage of life characterized by ‘ storm and stress ’ .

The second thing is the not quite so obvious one of discovering if the present body is the first one of its kind to be set up in the locality , and were there any local organisations which once existed but no longing do so .
the second thing is the not quite so obvious one of [finding out] if the present body is the first one of its kind to be set up in the locality , and were there any local organisations which once existed but no longing do so .

Regarding the changes made since the writing of the booklet , the researcher will gain pleasure from discovering them on site .
regarding the changes made since the writing of the booklet , the researcher will gain pleasure from [finding out] them on site .

From his origins in Protestant East Belfast , his exhilarating ball control and deceptive change of pace marked him out as a unique prospect in an area accustomed to discovering football talent .
from his origins in protestant east belfast , his exhilarating ball control and deceptive change of pace marked him out as a unique prospect in an area accustomed to [finding out] football talent .

Over the past three decades , a sustained eVort has included a wealth of experiments aiming at discovering the abiotic origins of the organic molecules that are the building blocks of known living systems .
over the past three decades , a sustained evort has included a wealth of experiments aiming at [finding out] the abiotic origins of the organic molecules that are the building blocks of known living systems .

Consider the case of the engineers discovering that the engine block is so rigid that the block itself can serve as the chassis for the tractor they are trying to invent .
consider the case of the engineers [finding out] that the engine block is so rigid that the block itself can serve as the chassis for the tractor they are trying to invent .

We too , it appears , have coconstructed our econosphere such that our ways of making a living , and discovering new ways of making a living , are manageable , probably in a self-organized critical manner , with small and large speciation and extinction events .
we too , it appears , have coconstructed our econosphere such that our ways of making a living , and [finding out] new ways of making a living , are manageable , probably in a self-organized critical manner , with small and large speciation and extinction events .

These agents coevolving with one another , discovering displacements from equilibrium that can be used to accomplish work , making records of such sources of energy , then linking those exergonic reactions to endergonic reactions are the means by which our biosphere has come into being , actually coconstructed by the activities , accidents , striving , and failures of these autonomous agents , exapting persistently into their adjacent possible .
these agents coevolving with one another , [finding out] displacements from equilibrium that can be used to accomplish work , making records of such sources of energy , then linking those exergonic reactions to endergonic reactions are the means by which our biosphere has come into being , actually coconstructed by the activities , accidents , striving , and failures of these autonomous agents , exapting persistently into their adjacent possible .

The Bible describes how David ’ s soldiers conquered Jerusalem by discovering a water tunnel under the walls and using it to take the city by surprise .
the bible describes how david ’ s soldiers conquered jerusalem by [finding out] a water tunnel under the walls and using it to take the city by surprise .

The Arabs captured Caesarea from the Byzantines in a.d. 639 and the Crusaders conquered the Arabs in 1101 , discovering a green crystal vessel which they claimed to be the Holy Grail , the cup from which Jesus and his disciples drank during the Last Supper ( it now reposes in Genoa ) .
the arabs captured caesarea from the byzantines in a.d. 639 and the crusaders conquered the arabs in 1101 , [finding out] a green crystal vessel which they claimed to be the holy grail , the cup from which jesus and his disciples drank during the last supper ( it now reposes in genoa ) .

Motorists as well as adventurers willing to brave infrequent , capricious transport services will enjoy discovering the few remaining pockets of unspoiled , arid beauty and remote whitewashed villages .
motorists as well as adventurers willing to brave infrequent , capricious transport services will enjoy [finding out] the few remaining pockets of unspoiled , arid beauty and remote whitewashed villages .

GAO Response recover overpayments , using one of the three collection options , within 60 days of discovering the overpayment .
gao response recover overpayments , using one of the three collection options , within 60 days of [finding out] the overpayment .

Program managers have good reasons to identify risks early , be intolerant of unknowns , and not rely on testing late in the process as the main vehicle for discovering the performance characteristics of the product .
program managers have good reasons to identify risks early , be intolerant of unknowns , and not rely on testing late in the process as the main vehicle for [finding out] the performance characteristics of the product .

Discovering it would have required quick and very substantial cooperation from the German government , which might well have been difficult to obtain .
[finding out] it would have required quick and very substantial cooperation from the german government , which might well have been difficult to obtain .

Current animal research is aimed at discovering just where , how , and which classes of nAChRs work against pain , with the aim of developing more selective drugs .
current animal research is aimed at [finding out] just where , how , and which classes of nachrs work against pain , with the aim of developing more selective drugs .

Sometimes the focus on the presenter pays off , as when we see the six-foot scientist looking like a small child beside Chris Greener , the tallest man in Britain , or witness Leroi 's faint chagrin at discovering that his DNA is mostly European , despite his cosmopolitan family history .
sometimes the focus on the presenter pays off , as when we see the six-foot scientist looking like a small child beside chris greener , the tallest man in britain , or witness leroi 's faint chagrin at [finding out] that his dna is mostly european , despite his cosmopolitan family history .

There is little doubt that large-scale and standardized sequencing , when integrated with existing taxonomic practice , can contribute significantly to the challenges of identifying individuals and increasing the rate of discovering biological diversity .
there is little doubt that large-scale and standardized sequencing , when integrated with existing taxonomic practice , can contribute significantly to the challenges of identifying individuals and increasing the rate of [finding out] biological diversity .

Importantly , TDI would be a great boost to the efforts of Virtual Pharmas , because it would help to contain the costs of discovering , developing , and manufacturing drugs .
importantly , tdi would be a great boost to the efforts of virtual pharmas , because it would help to contain the costs of [finding out] , developing , and manufacturing drugs .

Discovering that they shared an affection for music and entertaining , they got together and dreamed of becoming like their idols - The Four Aces , The Four Lads , The Four Freshmen , The Hi-Lo 's and The Crew Cuts .
[finding out] that they shared an affection for music and entertaining , they got together and dreamed of becoming like their idols - the four aces , the four lads , the four freshmen , the hi-lo 's and the crew cuts .

The ability to keep learning , to keep discovering , and to keep inventing becomes even more important if we are to compete in tomorrow 's world .
the ability to keep learning , to keep [finding out] , and to keep inventing becomes even more important if we are to compete in tomorrow 's world .

They spend most of their time outdoors , playing games with new friends , discovering flowers they 've never seen , and creating treasures from sticks , rocks and leaves .
they spend most of their time outdoors , playing games with new friends , [finding out] flowers they 've never seen , and creating treasures from sticks , rocks and leaves .

Wernie Heisenberg told me , 'The hope that new experiments will lead us back to objective events in time and space is about as well founded as the hope of discovering the end of the world in the unexplored regions of the Antarctic . '
wernie heisenberg told me , 'the hope that new experiments will lead us back to objective events in time and space is about as well founded as the hope of [finding out] the end of the world in the unexplored regions of the antarctic . '

Bush , fairly new to politics , is still discovering his principles .
bush , fairly new to politics , is still [finding out] his principles .

If they are black , discovering a relationship to a Founding Father would tend to replace feelings of alienation often felt by minorities with feelings of proud connection .
if they are black , [finding out] a relationship to a founding father would tend to replace feelings of alienation often felt by minorities with feelings of proud connection .

If they are white , discovering a blood relationship to a slave would tend to stimulate empathy for blacks .
if they are white , [finding out] a blood relationship to a slave would tend to stimulate empathy for blacks .

Physicists may also be on the verge of discovering the fifth dimension .
physicists may also be on the verge of [finding out] the fifth dimension .

Meanwhile , the FBI canceled a nationwide `` terrorist threat advisory '' after discovering that two men who were thought to be assembling a huge fertilizer bomb were average guys working for an industrial cleaning firm .
meanwhile , the fbi canceled a nationwide `` terrorist threat advisory '' after [finding out] that two men who were thought to be assembling a huge fertilizer bomb were average guys working for an industrial cleaning firm .

Some accuse the film -- about an anthropologist who fakes discovering an indigenous tribe -- of purveying racial stereotypes .
some accuse the film -- about an anthropologist who fakes [finding out] an indigenous tribe -- of purveying racial stereotypes .

Others are discovering nuances to the issue they never noticed before .
others are [finding out] nuances to the issue they never noticed before .

Jews , meanwhile , at our moment of maximum triumph at the back end of the meritocracy , the midlife , top-job end , are discovering sports and the virtues of being well-rounded .
jews , meanwhile , at our moment of maximum triumph at the back end of the meritocracy , the midlife , top-job end , are [finding out] sports and the virtues of being well-rounded .

A new book by Alan Ehrenhalt , The Lost City , is subtitled Discovering the Forgotten Virtues of Community in the Chicago of the 1950s .
a new book by alan ehrenhalt , the lost city , is subtitled [finding out] the forgotten virtues of community in the chicago of the 1950s .

We learned of the putative planned lift only after discovering that the `` before and after photos '' of Clinton promised on the cover of the Sept. 28 Star were nothing more than a computer simulation -- much like the Globe 's simulated `` mugshots '' of JonBenet Ramsey 's parents , around whom tabloid suspicion is once again furiously swirling .
we learned of the putative planned lift only after [finding out] that the `` before and after photos '' of clinton promised on the cover of the sept. 28 star were nothing more than a computer simulation -- much like the globe 's simulated `` mugshots '' of jonbenet ramsey 's parents , around whom tabloid suspicion is once again furiously swirling .

Le Monde 's editorial also deplored the timing of the minister 's statement , coming just as NATO is discovering that its worst fears about Serb atrocities were justified and that the accounts by Kosovar refugees were not exaggerated .
le monde 's editorial also deplored the timing of the minister 's statement , coming just as nato is [finding out] that its worst fears about serb atrocities were justified and that the accounts by kosovar refugees were not exaggerated .

Pressured by Gina 's spooky uncle ( a superbly restrained turn by Burt Young ) into auctioning off a paranoid son 's painting -- a resurrected Jesus putting holes in disloyal disciples with a submachine gun -- Michael must simultaneously keep the gangsters happy , his fiancee ( who 'll pull the plug on the engagement if she finds out he 's enmeshed in the family business ) in the dark , the FBI from discovering the collusion , and -- most important in farce -- a semblance of dignity .
pressured by gina 's spooky uncle ( a superbly restrained turn by burt young ) into auctioning off a paranoid son 's painting -- a resurrected jesus putting holes in disloyal disciples with a submachine gun -- michael must simultaneously keep the gangsters happy , his fiancee ( who 'll pull the plug on the engagement if she finds out he 's enmeshed in the family business ) in the dark , the fbi from [finding out] the collusion , and -- most important in farce -- a semblance of dignity .

This said quietly , reverentially , as if she were Balboa discovering the Pacific .
this said quietly , reverentially , as if she were balboa [finding out] the pacific .

We have written a serious book -- one that will launch a debate over discovering a new and useful model for determining the true value of stocks .
we have written a serious book -- one that will launch a debate over [finding out] a new and useful model for determining the true value of stocks .

The Majic Bus is full of passages like this : `` How could I be a great bop wanderer , a mystic in search of ecstasy , a hobo scribbler of haiku and jazz poems , somehow discovering , in Kerouacian terms , how to 'dig ' life in the divine world to the fullest ? ''
the majic bus is full of passages like this : `` how could i be a great bop wanderer , a mystic in search of ecstasy , a hobo scribbler of haiku and jazz poems , somehow [finding out] , in kerouacian terms , how to 'dig ' life in the divine world to the fullest ? ''

Metabolife International Inc. says that after discovering the Web site of ABC interviewer Arnold Diaz ( titled `` Schemes , Scams , and Savin ' a Buck '' ) , it began to suspect that ABC 's report will be unfair to its product , so it released the entire interview on the Internet as part of a counteroffensive .
metabolife international inc. says that after [finding out] the web site of abc interviewer arnold diaz ( titled `` schemes , scams , and savin ' a buck '' ) , it began to suspect that abc 's report will be unfair to its product , so it released the entire interview on the internet as part of a counteroffensive .

He was the geek holed up in his basement all weekend discovering new things to do with his computer .
he was the geek holed up in his basement all weekend [finding out] new things to do with his computer .

I agree that there is nothing like going to a bookstore on a cold winter morning , but there is also nothing like discovering an interesting new author while sitting in your home in your robe , sipping a cup of coffee .
i agree that there is nothing like going to a bookstore on a cold winter morning , but there is also nothing like [finding out] an interesting new author while sitting in your home in your robe , sipping a cup of coffee .

An employee in the White House social office testified that an agent at the party , upon discovering Lewinsky 's name on the guest list , rushed up to the employee and said , `` We have to find her before Mrs. Clinton sees her . ''
an employee in the white house social office testified that an agent at the party , upon [finding out] lewinsky 's name on the guest list , rushed up to the employee and said , `` we have to find her before mrs. clinton sees her . ''

Best known for studying young girls , the feminist scholar is now studying young boys : `` What we are discovering is how vulnerable boys are .
best known for studying young girls , the feminist scholar is now studying young boys : `` what we are [finding out] is how vulnerable boys are .

Harry Potter , the orphan son of a witch and a wizard , gets sent to Hogwarts School for Wizards after discovering his own magical powers in the first book in the series , Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone .
harry potter , the orphan son of a witch and a wizard , gets sent to hogwarts school for wizards after [finding out] his own magical powers in the first book in the series , harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone .

Gould was discovering an unfortunate dilemma in the profession of fashion journalism : Since writers do n't feel allowed to come right out and say they `` hate it '' -- a collection , an item -- or to praise what is really praiseworthy but not new enough , their writing tends to develop an oblique , distorted character .
gould was [finding out] an unfortunate dilemma in the profession of fashion journalism : since writers do n't feel allowed to come right out and say they `` hate it '' -- a collection , an item -- or to praise what is really praiseworthy but not new enough , their writing tends to develop an oblique , distorted character .

He goes through a shower of picaresque trials : Three men set on him ( he single-handedly beats them off ) ; he saves a pregnant woman from death , and another woman from a band of renegade federal soldiers ; various men try to recapture him ; he is seduced by a woman whose husband , discovering the couple , tries to shoot him .
he goes through a shower of picaresque trials : three men set on him ( he single-handedly beats them off ) ; he saves a pregnant woman from death , and another woman from a band of renegade federal soldiers ; various men try to recapture him ; he is seduced by a woman whose husband , [finding out] the couple , tries to shoot him .

László Moholy-Nagy essentially invented the diagonal , for instance , and Umbo ( Otto Umbehr ) shares credit with his Russian colleague Aleksandr Rodchenko for discovering the graphic power of the shadow as seen from a perpendicular perspective .
lászló moholy-nagy essentially invented the diagonal , for instance , and umbo ( otto umbehr ) shares credit with his russian colleague aleksandr rodchenko for [finding out] the graphic power of the shadow as seen from a perpendicular perspective .

British Shakespeare scholars remain skeptical , both of the death mask 's authenticity and of the possibility of discovering Shakespeare 's true face .
british shakespeare scholars remain skeptical , both of the death mask 's authenticity and of the possibility of [finding out] shakespeare 's true face .

Discovering the bright side of the hearing for the Republicans was Paul Gigot ( PBS 's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) , who snooted out these meager truffles : By calling Reno and FBI Director Louis Freeh into the station for questioning , Burton kept alive the controversy over Reno 's decision not to appoint an independent counsel .
[finding out] the bright side of the hearing for the republicans was paul gigot ( pbs 's newshour with jim lehrer ) , who snooted out these meager truffles : by calling reno and fbi director louis freeh into the station for questioning , burton kept alive the controversy over reno 's decision not to appoint an independent counsel .

The country 's top business schools are discovering new targets for their venture capital funds : their own alumni .
the country 's top business schools are [finding out] new targets for their venture capital funds : their own alumni .

Discovering Finch 's plan , the women plot revenge , devising a list of impossible tasks that Finch must accomplish in order for the love-fest to take place .
[finding out] finch 's plan , the women plot revenge , devising a list of impossible tasks that finch must accomplish in order for the love-fest to take place .

In the first three episodes alone , viewers are subjected to two deaths , an aborted wedding , an at-home birth , a wake , and the main character 's discovering her boyfriend in the shower with another man .
in the first three episodes alone , viewers are subjected to two deaths , an aborted wedding , an at-home birth , a wake , and the main character 's [finding out] her boyfriend in the shower with another man .

Working within a tight genre structure , he 's discovering hundreds of ways of editing a given scene that can give it the richness of a novel .
working within a tight genre structure , he 's [finding out] hundreds of ways of editing a given scene that can give it the richness of a novel .

With dazzling speed he went from being a promising imitator to discovering dozens of avenues that would be explored by others in the ensuing decades .
with dazzling speed he went from being a promising imitator to [finding out] dozens of avenues that would be explored by others in the ensuing decades .

What 's more , after later discovering an unfamiliar set of keys in my pocket , I subsequently realized that apparently , while stumbling around in a stupor after shutting off the alarm clock , I 'd put on my girlfriend 's pants by mistake .
what 's more , after later [finding out] an unfamiliar set of keys in my pocket , i subsequently realized that apparently , while stumbling around in a stupor after shutting off the alarm clock , i 'd put on my girlfriend 's pants by mistake .

You get the sense , continually , of various fallen reins picked up , of artists in remote mining towns discovering Courbet , or Whistler , or Léger , or reinventing Impressionism or Expressionism as if they had never heard of those schools -- as indeed they might not have .
you get the sense , continually , of various fallen reins picked up , of artists in remote mining towns [finding out] courbet , or whistler , or léger , or reinventing impressionism or expressionism as if they had never heard of those schools -- as indeed they might not have .

There was a sweetness to Tony when he was discovering his inner mensch that made his and everyone else 's brutality come off as ironic and incongruous , rather than just brutal .
there was a sweetness to tony when he was [finding out] his inner mensch that made his and everyone else 's brutality come off as ironic and incongruous , rather than just brutal .

Why were n't my suspicions aroused after three New Republic pieces discovering bizarre cults centered on implausible political figures ?
why were n't my suspicions aroused after three new republic pieces [finding out] bizarre cults centered on implausible political figures ?

Discovering these regulatory powers -- which had escaped the notice of other FDA commissioners for more than 80 years -- Kessler issued a slew of rules designed to suppress teen smoking , most of which were upheld by U.S. District Judge William L. Osteen Sr. late last month .
[finding out] these regulatory powers -- which had escaped the notice of other fda commissioners for more than 80 years -- kessler issued a slew of rules designed to suppress teen smoking , most of which were upheld by u.s. district judge william l. osteen sr. late last month .

Since we have all marveled ( maybe grumbled might be a better word ) at the way bottlenecks appear and disappear with no apparent cause , I sped through the story in hopes of discovering a telling insight .
since we have all marveled ( maybe grumbled might be a better word ) at the way bottlenecks appear and disappear with no apparent cause , i sped through the story in hopes of [finding out] a telling insight .

This time , though , Nixon ( who , among other things , will likely be remembered as America 's last anti-Semitic president ) expresses horror at discovering Felt to be Jewish .
this time , though , nixon ( who , among other things , will likely be remembered as america 's last anti-semitic president ) expresses horror at [finding out] felt to be jewish .

A couple years ago Madison Square Garden , discovering that many of its season ticket holders were reselling them to brokers , revoked thousands of tickets in a stroke .
a couple years ago madison square garden , [finding out] that many of its season ticket holders were reselling them to brokers , revoked thousands of tickets in a stroke .

One of the most exhausting lessons of adolescence is discovering that just because you 've settled an issue in your head -- i.e. , racism is bad ; my history teacher is such a liar -- does not mean it is settled in the actual world .
one of the most exhausting lessons of adolescence is [finding out] that just because you 've settled an issue in your head -- i.e. , racism is bad ; my history teacher is such a liar -- does not mean it is settled in the actual world .

One of the most exhausting lessons of adulthood is discovering that just because you 've settled an issue in the actual world -- i.e. , abortion is legal ; my computer is fixed -- does n't mean you wo n't have to keep settling it again and again .
one of the most exhausting lessons of adulthood is [finding out] that just because you 've settled an issue in the actual world -- i.e. , abortion is legal ; my computer is fixed -- does n't mean you wo n't have to keep settling it again and again .

Quickly discovering my mistake -- `` It 's OK to have sex , just not all the time , '' declares a talking head -- I turn off the tube .
quickly [finding out] my mistake -- `` it 's ok to have sex , just not all the time , '' declares a talking head -- i turn off the tube .

A NYT exclusive , based on an interview with a friend of Lewinsky 's , provides these nuggets : 1 ) Lewinsky cried herself to sleep Friday night upon learning that she had to come back to Washington for more questioning ; 2 ) She suffered the `` indignity '' of discovering that Ken Starr had reserved but not paid for her flight in from California .
a nyt exclusive , based on an interview with a friend of lewinsky 's , provides these nuggets : 1 ) lewinsky cried herself to sleep friday night upon learning that she had to come back to washington for more questioning ; 2 ) she suffered the `` indignity '' of [finding out] that ken starr had reserved but not paid for her flight in from california .

Crossing the North Atlantic in late 1943 , one of the nine of us packed in a cabin made for two read aloud a joke in a letter from home : A Scotsman ( jokes were openly ethnic then ) on discovering his near-drowned son being resuscitated yells at the exhausted rescuer , And good , mon , but where in 'ell is his hat ?
crossing the north atlantic in late 1943 , one of the nine of us packed in a cabin made for two read aloud a joke in a letter from home : a scotsman ( jokes were openly ethnic then ) on [finding out] his near-drowned son being resuscitated yells at the exhausted rescuer , and good , mon , but where in 'ell is his hat ?

People are forever discovering such quotations for the first time and should not be excoriated for it by a dyspeptic , curmudgeonly reviewer .
people are forever [finding out] such quotations for the first time and should not be excoriated for it by a dyspeptic , curmudgeonly reviewer .

