A few of the more prominent must serve as examples of what a complete listing and description would disclose .
a few of the more prominent must serve as examples of what a complete listing and description would [tell] .

From an initial investment of $1,200 in 1943 , it has grown , with no additional capital investment , to a present value estimated by some as exceeding $10,000,000 ( we don't disclose financial figures to the public ) .
from an initial investment of $1,200 in 1943 , it has grown , with no additional capital investment , to a present value estimated by some as exceeding $10,000,000 ( we don't [tell] financial figures to the public ) .

When Nan Patterson , a stunning and money-minded chorus girl who had appeared in a Floradora road show , rode down Broadway in a hansom cab with her married lover , Frank Young , she stopped the cab to disclose that Young had been shot dead , tearfully insisting that he had shot himself although experts said he could not have done so .
when nan patterson , a stunning and money-minded chorus girl who had appeared in a floradora road show , rode down broadway in a hansom cab with her married lover , frank young , she stopped the cab to [tell] that young had been shot dead , tearfully insisting that he had shot himself although experts said he could not have done so .

From the night of August 30 to the morning of September 2 there was no Union cavalry east of the Macon railway to disclose to Sherman that he was missing the greatest opportunity of his career .
from the night of august 30 to the morning of september 2 there was no union cavalry east of the macon railway to [tell] to sherman that he was missing the greatest opportunity of his career .

nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the Federal Bureau of Investigation reports might disclose .
nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the federal bureau of investigation reports might [tell] .

The Government of India shall maintain or cause to be maintained books and records adequate to identify the goods and services financed for agreed projects pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( B ) and 1 ( C ) of Article 2 , of the Agreement , to disclose the use thereof in the projects and to record the progress of the projects ( including the cost thereof ) .
the government of india shall maintain or cause to be maintained books and records adequate to identify the goods and services financed for agreed projects pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of article 2 , of the agreement , to [tell] the use thereof in the projects and to record the progress of the projects ( including the cost thereof ) .

The cause is as often neglect as hesitance to disclose .
the cause is as often neglect as hesitance to [tell] .

I felt it would be inopportune to disclose my presence .
i felt it would be inopportune to [tell] my presence .

At the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls , but Mr. Blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he didn't like to disclose his ignorance .
at the same time he watched carefully to see how one attached pegboards to stone walls , but mr. blatz was usually standing in his line of vision and it all seemed so simple that he didn't like to [tell] his ignorance .

where the bank is not suppose to disclose how much money you 've got in that
where the bank is not suppose to [tell] how much money you 've got in that

Analysts also believe that the majority of the those people who would not disclose how they were going to vote were more likely to be Conservative than Labour .
analysts also believe that the majority of the those people who would not [tell] how they were going to vote were more likely to be conservative than labour .

He did not disclose the substance of the Libyan suggestions but a delegate at the meeting told Reuters : ‘ Libya 's proposals are still along the lines of its known positions , that the two could be tried only in a third country and not in the United States or Britain . ’
he did not [tell] the substance of the libyan suggestions but a delegate at the meeting told reuters : ‘ libya 's proposals are still along the lines of its known positions , that the two could be tried only in a third country and not in the united states or britain . ’

The second point at issue is that while Sir Bryan wants independent financial advisers to disclose their commissions in hard-cash terms at the point of sale , he rejects the case for similar hard disclosure by tied agents because ‘ the costs would probably outweigh the usefulness ’ .
the second point at issue is that while sir bryan wants independent financial advisers to [tell] their commissions in hard-cash terms at the point of sale , he rejects the case for similar hard disclosure by tied agents because ‘ the costs would probably outweigh the usefulness ’ .

’ But he said he could not disclose the terms of the transaction , which became operational on 1 March .
’ but he said he could not [tell] the terms of the transaction , which became operational on 1 march .

Mr Smith refused to disclose the names of the shops in Darlington which had failed the environmentally friendly fridge test .
mr smith refused to [tell] the names of the shops in darlington which had failed the environmentally friendly fridge test .

Early in the evening , Jean Baptiste pulls off his wig of flowing white locks to disclose an identical head of hair beneath .
early in the evening , jean baptiste pulls off his wig of flowing white locks to [tell] an identical head of hair beneath .

Sally Burgess , mime and dancer almost as much as singer , recruited all her allure and sensuality to overcome her husband 's reluctance to disclose his sinister secrets .
sally burgess , mime and dancer almost as much as singer , recruited all her allure and sensuality to overcome her husband 's reluctance to [tell] his sinister secrets .

He refused to disclose the identity of the politician .
he refused to [tell] the identity of the politician .

He refused to disclose the identity of the politician .
he refused to [tell] the identity of the politician .

The reporter did not disclose specific details of their chat , but the disclosure prompted concern that it might have been more confidential matters which could have been overheard .
the reporter did not [tell] specific details of their chat , but the disclosure prompted concern that it might have been more confidential matters which could have been overheard .

For example , ordering goods from a mail order catalogue or subscribing to a magazine both mean that you disclose personal information about yourself .
for example , ordering goods from a mail order catalogue or subscribing to a magazine both mean that you [tell] personal information about yourself .

‘ We have a rule not to disclose storylines , ’ she explains .
‘ we have a rule not to [tell] storylines , ’ she explains .

Craig , 26 , said doctors did disclose that Kane had caught a bug and antibiotics were not working .
craig , 26 , said doctors did [tell] that kane had caught a bug and antibiotics were not working .

This the court now held to be a valid return , although a general one , and , since it did not disclose on its face any irregularity or wrongful cause , it precluded the intervention of the courts .
this the court now held to be a valid return , although a general one , and , since it did not [tell] on its face any irregularity or wrongful cause , it precluded the intervention of the courts .

Gaining the trust of such youngsters is one of the most important elements of the work , listening to them , exploring the circumstances leading to running away , giving them time to disclose painful incidents from their past , involving them openly in all aspects of planning and negotiating a mutually agreeable solution for their future with parents or guardians ( De'Ath and Newman , 1987 ; Adams and Adams , 1987 ; De'Ath , 1987 ) .
gaining the trust of such youngsters is one of the most important elements of the work , listening to them , exploring the circumstances leading to running away , giving them time to [tell] painful incidents from their past , involving them openly in all aspects of planning and negotiating a mutually agreeable solution for their future with parents or guardians ( de'ath and newman , 1987 ; adams and adams , 1987 ; de'ath , 1987 ) .

Did this hard-nosed Special Branch officer expect him to discuss that … How much of what happened before she left must he disclose ?
did this hard-nosed special branch officer expect him to discuss that … how much of what happened before she left must he [tell] ?

However , the catering department has been suffering from higher-than-average food costs and labour turnover rates for several years now , though the available records do not disclose any obvious reasons for these .
however , the catering department has been suffering from higher-than-average food costs and labour turnover rates for several years now , though the available records do not [tell] any obvious reasons for these .

Liverpool 's Broad Green hospital has been asked not to disclose her condition .
liverpool 's broad green hospital has been asked not to [tell] her condition .

Morton is understood to disclose details of the most extraordinary meeting ever held by the Royal Family .
morton is understood to [tell] details of the most extraordinary meeting ever held by the royal family .

describe disclose predict
describe [tell] predict

Disclose a great deal
[tell] a great deal

Disclose that you are finding the proceedings formal and ask if the other person minds being more informal .
[tell] that you are finding the proceedings formal and ask if the other person minds being more informal .

‘ Leak ’ your past successes through other people , or disclose them yourself in a suitably modest and reluctant manner , as is the British way .
‘ leak ’ your past successes through other people , or [tell] them yourself in a suitably modest and reluctant manner , as is the british way .

Some companies believe in obtaining information direct from other businesses and are willing to disclose it themselves .
some companies believe in obtaining information direct from other businesses and are willing to [tell] it themselves .

The reader does not disclose the term of the original lease which expired on 25 March 1991 .
the reader does not [tell] the term of the original lease which expired on 25 march 1991 .

Pilkington ( glass and plastic products ) has issued an amendment to its report and financial statements for the year ended 31 March 1992 to disclose the amount of acquisition goodwill written off .
pilkington ( glass and plastic products ) has issued an amendment to its report and financial statements for the year ended 31 march 1992 to [tell] the amount of acquisition goodwill written off .

NatWest refuses to disclose any figures for its Tessa accounts or the number of holders .
natwest refuses to [tell] any figures for its tessa accounts or the number of holders .

In a similar vein , it would be possible for companies to disclose selected cash flow information , rather than full cash flow statements .
in a similar vein , it would be possible for companies to [tell] selected cash flow information , rather than full cash flow statements .

They also restore small companies ' exemption from the requirement to disclose auditors ' remuneration in the abbreviated accounts .
they also restore small companies ' exemption from the requirement to [tell] auditors ' remuneration in the abbreviated accounts .

The profit and loss account should disclose the results of continuing operations ( including the results of acquisitions ) ; the results of discontinued operations ; profits or losses on the sale or termination of an operation ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring ; profits or losses on the disposal of fixed assets ; extraordinary items .
the profit and loss account should [tell] the results of continuing operations ( including the results of acquisitions ) ; the results of discontinued operations ; profits or losses on the sale or termination of an operation ; costs of a fundamental reorganisation or restructuring ; profits or losses on the disposal of fixed assets ; extraordinary items .

The society 's questionnaire would disclose whether the applicant was single or living with someone , what type of relationship they were in , and how many children they planned .
the society 's questionnaire would [tell] whether the applicant was single or living with someone , what type of relationship they were in , and how many children they planned .

The academics argue that , if intangibles are to be included in the balance sheet , companies will have to disclose more information to enable users to form judgments about the reliability of the valuations .
the academics argue that , if intangibles are to be included in the balance sheet , companies will have to [tell] more information to enable users to form judgments about the reliability of the valuations .

She also questioned the defendant 's right to silence : Mrs Mills wants the defence to disclose its case before trial .
she also questioned the defendant 's right to silence : mrs mills wants the defence to [tell] its case before trial .

In America a law that forces companies to measure and disclose all the toxic waste they produce has had a significant effect .
in america a law that forces companies to measure and [tell] all the toxic waste they produce has had a significant effect .

Sotheby 's was selected because the auction house could move faster than the Public Library , the original lender-to-be , and because it could offer a ‘ very favourable ’ interest rate , which neither of the parties will disclose .
sotheby 's was selected because the auction house could move faster than the public library , the original lender-to-be , and because it could offer a ‘ very favourable ’ interest rate , which neither of the parties will [tell] .

He too approached the task of talking about God very much from our side , the side of the believer or the theologian , exploring the meaning of theological statements for those who made them , and seeking in that way to disclose their authentic basis and character .
he too approached the task of talking about god very much from our side , the side of the believer or the theologian , exploring the meaning of theological statements for those who made them , and seeking in that way to [tell] their authentic basis and character .

Dilthey set out to construct a philosophy of history which would disclose the real nature of historical knowledge and establish its significance for modern culture .
dilthey set out to construct a philosophy of history which would [tell] the real nature of historical knowledge and establish its significance for modern culture .

’ God 's love for and claim on man are worked out through a judgement and condemnation which disclose a profound alienation and estrangement between man and God , a contradiction in which man has attempted to break away from the tie with God , so that God 's claim on him has become a consuming fire .
’ god 's love for and claim on man are worked out through a judgement and condemnation which [tell] a profound alienation and estrangement between man and god , a contradiction in which man has attempted to break away from the tie with god , so that god 's claim on him has become a consuming fire .

This enigmatic man — one reluctant to disclose his plans even to his closest associates and so often the military miscalculator — in this instance judged the French national character correctly : if the Germans attacked Verdun , the French would resist .
this enigmatic man — one reluctant to [tell] his plans even to his closest associates and so often the military miscalculator — in this instance judged the french national character correctly : if the germans attacked verdun , the french would resist .

15.2 hereby agrees that it will use such confidential information solely for the purposes of this Agreement and that it shall not disclose , whether directly or indirectly , to any third party such information other than as required to carry out the purposes of this Agreement .
15.2 hereby agrees that it will use such confidential information solely for the purposes of this agreement and that it shall not [tell] , whether directly or indirectly , to any third party such information other than as required to carry out the purposes of this agreement .

6.1 As respects all information as is directly or indirectly communicated to it by another Party ( hereinafter called the supplying Party ) under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the Project ( including technical information or otherwise relating in any manner to the business or affairs of such other Party ) the recipient Party hereby undertakes to the supplying Party that it will until five years after Completion or abandonment of the Project treat the same as ( and use all reasonable endeavours to procure that the same be kept ) confidential and will not disclose the same to any other person without prior written consent of such other Party in each case except to the extent that it is reasonably necessary in or for the purposes of the exercise of the rights and licences granted to it pursuant to this Agreement .
6.1 as respects all information as is directly or indirectly communicated to it by another party ( hereinafter called the supplying party ) under the terms of this agreement or otherwise in connection with the project ( including technical information or otherwise relating in any manner to the business or affairs of such other party ) the recipient party hereby undertakes to the supplying party that it will until five years after completion or abandonment of the project treat the same as ( and use all reasonable endeavours to procure that the same be kept ) confidential and will not [tell] the same to any other person without prior written consent of such other party in each case except to the extent that it is reasonably necessary in or for the purposes of the exercise of the rights and licences granted to it pursuant to this agreement .

9.1.2 warrants its rights to disclose such information
9.1.2 warrants its rights to [tell] such information

9.1.3 undertakes that it will promptly disclose to the other Parties and to the Secretary of State any facts or circumstances which come to its attention indicating or suggesting any infringement or material risk of infringement of any patent or other Intellectual Property Right of any other person not being a Party to this Agreement through the expected mode of use or exploitation of its own results or background provided always that this undertaking shall not be deemed to impose or imply any specific obligation to undertake any patent searches of intellectual property rights or make any enquiries .
9.1.3 undertakes that it will promptly [tell] to the other parties and to the secretary of state any facts or circumstances which come to its attention indicating or suggesting any infringement or material risk of infringement of any patent or other intellectual property right of any other person not being a party to this agreement through the expected mode of use or exploitation of its own results or background provided always that this undertaking shall not be deemed to impose or imply any specific obligation to undertake any patent searches of intellectual property rights or make any enquiries .

13.2.2 However , it is recognised that the Academic Partners will be expected to publish the results of their work on the project and may wish to disclose such work in ways other than by publication .
13.2.2 however , it is recognised that the academic partners will be expected to publish the results of their work on the project and may wish to [tell] such work in ways other than by publication .

14.3 If any Party sub-contracts any work under the Project it shall ensure that the Sub-contractor enters into an appropriate confidentiality and restricted use agreement and it shall further ensure that it acquired the right to disclose and sub-license results generated under the sub-contract to the same extent that it can disclose and licence its own results .
14.3 if any party sub-contracts any work under the project it shall ensure that the sub-contractor enters into an appropriate confidentiality and restricted use agreement and it shall further ensure that it acquired the right to [tell] and sub-license results generated under the sub-contract to the same extent that it can [tell] and licence its own results .

There may be social aspects of the visually handicapped pupil 's life at school that can be helped by a perceptive specialist teacher who is able to facilitate communication over matters that a sensitive child or adolescent may be embarrassed to disclose .
there may be social aspects of the visually handicapped pupil 's life at school that can be helped by a perceptive specialist teacher who is able to facilitate communication over matters that a sensitive child or adolescent may be embarrassed to [tell] .

You will have to wait , Commander , to hear anything he may disclose .
you will have to wait , commander , to hear anything he may [tell] .

Trial holes may also disclose made-up ground but odd pockets may be difficult to identify .
trial holes may also [tell] made-up ground but odd pockets may be difficult to identify .

The Lord Chancellor refused to disclose any of the correspondence concerning the judge 's appointment on the ground that it was not in the public interest to reveal confidences about judicial appointments and this was accepted by the court .
the lord chancellor refused to [tell] any of the correspondence concerning the judge 's appointment on the ground that it was not in the public interest to reveal confidences about judicial appointments and this was accepted by the court .

Also rejected was an objection that the Commission had decided to disclose information given in confidence .
also rejected was an objection that the commission had decided to [tell] information given in confidence .

Partners are under a duty , by s. 28 of the Partnership Act 1890 , to disclose to other partners all matters relating to the partnership which are within that partner 's knowledge .
partners are under a duty , by s. 28 of the partnership act 1890 , to [tell] to other partners all matters relating to the partnership which are within that partner 's knowledge .

Many organizations fail to disclose the corporate mission , strategy , and business objectives to their employees , fearing that knowledge of this would provide the competition with an advantage .
many organizations fail to [tell] the corporate mission , strategy , and business objectives to their employees , fearing that knowledge of this would provide the competition with an advantage .

Disclose separate totals of political and charitable contributions made by the group , if together they exceed £200 .
[tell] separate totals of political and charitable contributions made by the group , if together they exceed £200 .

Disclose beneficial and non-beneficial interests and options .
[tell] beneficial and non-beneficial interests and options .

Disclose that payments were made for insurance of officers or auditors against liabilities in relation to the company or group .
[tell] that payments were made for insurance of officers or auditors against liabilities in relation to the company or group .

In the case of extraordinary items disclose :
in the case of extraordinary items [tell] :

Disclose the date on which the accounts were formally approved by the board .
[tell] the date on which the accounts were formally approved by the board .

Disclose the date on which the accounts were formally approved by the board .
[tell] the date on which the accounts were formally approved by the board .

Disclose the period chosen and the reasons for choosing that period .
[tell] the period chosen and the reasons for choosing that period .

Disclose the accounting policies that have been applied to stocks and long-term contracts , in particular the method of ascertaining turnover and attributable profit .
[tell] the accounting policies that have been applied to stocks and long-term contracts , in particular the method of ascertaining turnover and attributable profit .

Disclose the total amount of research and development expenditure charged in the profit and loss account , analysing between the current year 's expenditure and amounts amortised from deferred expenditure . This disclosure only applies to : public or special category companies or subsidiaries of such companies , or companies satisfying at least two of the following criteria :
[tell] the total amount of research and development expenditure charged in the profit and loss account , analysing between the current year 's expenditure and amounts amortised from deferred expenditure . this disclosure only applies to : public or special category companies or subsidiaries of such companies , or companies satisfying at least two of the following criteria :

Disclose the total charge for depreciation on fixed assets .
[tell] the total charge for depreciation on fixed assets .

Disclose the total depreciation charged for assets held under finance leases .
[tell] the total depreciation charged for assets held under finance leases .

Disclose the amount charged for amortisation of goodwill .
[tell] the amount charged for amortisation of goodwill .

Disclose the total finance charge in respect of finance leases .
[tell] the total finance charge in respect of finance leases .

Disclose the total of operating lease rentals charged to profit and loss account , split between amounts payable for hire of machinery and for other operating leases .
[tell] the total of operating lease rentals charged to profit and loss account , split between amounts payable for hire of machinery and for other operating leases .

Disclose remuneration paid to auditors for audit services .
[tell] remuneration paid to auditors for audit services .

Disclose the nature of any such benefit .
[tell] the nature of any such benefit .

Disclose remuneration paid to auditors or their associates for non-audit services .
[tell] remuneration paid to auditors or their associates for non-audit services .

Disclose the total exchange difference charged to profit and loss account .
[tell] the total exchange difference charged to profit and loss account .

State the average number of employees ( wherever employed ) in the year , analysed into categories appropriate to the business and disclose their :
state the average number of employees ( wherever employed ) in the year , analysed into categories appropriate to the business and [tell] their :

Where the company is a parent or subsidiary undertaking or where the total directors ' emoluments ( including pension contributions ) is £60,000 or more , disclose the number of directors waiving emoluments and the total amount ( including pension contributions ) thereof .
where the company is a parent or subsidiary undertaking or where the total directors ' emoluments ( including pension contributions ) is £60,000 or more , [tell] the number of directors waiving emoluments and the total amount ( including pension contributions ) thereof .

Disclose the total amount of pension payments distinguishing between pensions for services as director and other pensions .
[tell] the total amount of pension payments distinguishing between pensions for services as director and other pensions .

Disclose the total amount of payments for compensation for loss of office .
[tell] the total amount of payments for compensation for loss of office .

Disclose directors ' interests in the following transactions : loans , quasi-loans , credit transactions and indirect arrangements agreement to enter into such transactions any other transactions or arrangements in which a director had directly or indirectly a material interest .
[tell] directors ' interests in the following transactions : loans , quasi-loans , credit transactions and indirect arrangements agreement to enter into such transactions any other transactions or arrangements in which a director had directly or indirectly a material interest .

Disclose income from listed investments , including the tax credit in the case of franked investment income .
[tell] income from listed investments , including the tax credit in the case of franked investment income .

Disclose interest or similar charges on : all bank loans and overdrafts , and other loans wholly repayable within five years ( excluding loans from group undertakings ) and all other loans ( excluding loans from group undertakings ) .
[tell] interest or similar charges on : all bank loans and overdrafts , and other loans wholly repayable within five years ( excluding loans from group undertakings ) and all other loans ( excluding loans from group undertakings ) .

Disclose interest payable to group undertakings .
[tell] interest payable to group undertakings .

Disclose the aggregate finance charges for the period in respect of finance leases .
[tell] the aggregate finance charges for the period in respect of finance leases .

Disclose the charge for taxation , distinguishing between the following :
[tell] the charge for taxation , distinguishing between the following :

Disclose separately extraordinary income or charges and the extraordinary profit or loss and tax on the extraordinary profit or loss on the face of the profit and loss account or in a note .
[tell] separately extraordinary income or charges and the extraordinary profit or loss and tax on the extraordinary profit or loss on the face of the profit and loss account or in a note .

For a significant acquisition disclose :
for a significant acquisition [tell] :

Where the group has disposed of an undertaking during the year disclose :
where the group has disposed of an undertaking during the year [tell] :

For each item shown as an intangible fixed asset disclose :
for each item shown as an intangible fixed asset [tell] :

In respect of depreciation disclose : accumulated depreciation at beginning of year and at balance sheet date charge for year and provision for diminution in value adjustments for disposals other adjustments .
in respect of depreciation [tell] : accumulated depreciation at beginning of year and at balance sheet date charge for year and provision for diminution in value adjustments for disposals other adjustments .

Disclose movements on deferred development expenditure .
[tell] movements on deferred development expenditure .

Disclose the amount of purchased goodwill attributable to the business disposed of and how it has been treated in determining the profit or loss on disposal .
[tell] the amount of purchased goodwill attributable to the business disposed of and how it has been treated in determining the profit or loss on disposal .

For each item shown as a tangible asset , disclose :
for each item shown as a tangible asset , [tell] :

In respect of depreciation disclose :
in respect of depreciation [tell] :

disclose gross amounts of assets held under finance leases together with the related accumulated depreciation or
[tell] gross amounts of assets held under finance leases together with the related accumulated depreciation or

integrate these amounts with the figures for owned fixed assets and disclose separately the net amount of assets held under finance leases .
integrate these amounts with the figures for owned fixed assets and [tell] separately the net amount of assets held under finance leases .

If assets are included at other than historical cost amount , disclose :
if assets are included at other than historical cost amount , [tell] :

For each item shown as a fixed asset investment , disclose :
for each item shown as a fixed asset investment , [tell] :

In respect of depreciation , disclose :
in respect of depreciation , [tell] :

For each unincorporated joint venture which is dealt with in the accounts by proportional consolidation , disclose the following : name address of principal place of business factors on which joint management of the undertaking are based proportion of the capital of the joint venture included in the consolidation .
for each unincorporated joint venture which is dealt with in the accounts by proportional consolidation , [tell] the following : name address of principal place of business factors on which joint management of the undertaking are based proportion of the capital of the joint venture included in the consolidation .

For listed investments , disclose aggregate market value if different from accounts value .
for listed investments , [tell] aggregate market value if different from accounts value .

Disclose the amount of provision for aggregate recommended dividend .
[tell] the amount of provision for aggregate recommended dividend .

For each item included in creditors due after one year , disclose separately : amounts payable otherwise than by instalments more than five years hence amounts payable by instalments any of which are due more than five years hence , and the total of such instalments
for each item included in creditors due after one year , [tell] separately : amounts payable otherwise than by instalments more than five years hence amounts payable by instalments any of which are due more than five years hence , and the total of such instalments

Disclose obligations under finance leases separately and split between those payable in two to five years inclusive , and more than five years .
[tell] obligations under finance leases separately and split between those payable in two to five years inclusive , and more than five years .

Disclose the following :
[tell] the following :

Where merger accounting has been used disclose the composition and fair value of the consideration given by the issuing company .
where merger accounting has been used [tell] the composition and fair value of the consideration given by the issuing company .

Disclose net movements on reserves arising from foreign exchange differences and net amounts of gain or losses on foreign currency borrowings less deposits , identifying separately :
[tell] net movements on reserves arising from foreign exchange differences and net amounts of gain or losses on foreign currency borrowings less deposits , identifying separately :

Disclose the following information for acquisitions made during the year :
[tell] the following information for acquisitions made during the year :

For a significant acquisition disclose the following information :
for a significant acquisition [tell] the following information :

Disclose the effects of acquisition or disposal of subsidiary undertakings and how funded , differentiating between consideration satisfied in cash and by the issue of shares .
[tell] the effects of acquisition or disposal of subsidiary undertakings and how funded , differentiating between consideration satisfied in cash and by the issue of shares .

Disclose the effects of disposals of subsidiary undertakings .
[tell] the effects of disposals of subsidiary undertakings .

Disclose any pension commitments at the year end .
[tell] any pension commitments at the year end .

Disclose total amounts charged to the profit and loss account for pension costs .
[tell] total amounts charged to the profit and loss account for pension costs .

Where a company or group has more than one pension scheme , disclose details on a combined basis , where possible , except that a deficiency of funding in one scheme should not be offset against a surplus in another scheme .
where a company or group has more than one pension scheme , [tell] details on a combined basis , where possible , except that a deficiency of funding in one scheme should not be offset against a surplus in another scheme .

Disclose the operating lease payments due in the next year , analysing between commitments expiring in the next year , in the second to fifth years inclusive and over five years from the balance sheet date .
[tell] the operating lease payments due in the next year , analysing between commitments expiring in the next year , in the second to fifth years inclusive and over five years from the balance sheet date .

Disclose the following information for each abnormal transaction with a related party :
[tell] the following information for each abnormal transaction with a related party :

Where the enterprise has an economic dependence on another party , disclose the identity of that party and the extent of the dependence .
where the enterprise has an economic dependence on another party , [tell] the identity of that party and the extent of the dependence .

If the information required on emoluments and other benefits of directors is not given , the auditors must disclose it in their report .
if the information required on emoluments and other benefits of directors is not given , the auditors must [tell] it in their report .

Disclose the amount that the directors recommend should be paid as dividend , and the amount they propose to carry to reserves .
[tell] the amount that the directors recommend should be paid as dividend , and the amount they propose to carry to reserves .

In the case of extraordinary items disclose :
in the case of extraordinary items [tell] :

For each substantially different geographic market disclose turnover .
for each substantially different geographic market [tell] turnover .

Disclose the total finance charge in respect of finance leases .
[tell] the total finance charge in respect of finance leases .

Disclose the total of operating lease rentals charged to profit and loss account , split between amounts payable for hire of machinery and for other operating leases .
[tell] the total of operating lease rentals charged to profit and loss account , split between amounts payable for hire of machinery and for other operating leases .

Disclose remuneration paid to auditors for audit services .
[tell] remuneration paid to auditors for audit services .

Disclose the nature of any such benefit .
[tell] the nature of any such benefit .

Disclose remuneration paid to auditors or their associates for non-audit services .
[tell] remuneration paid to auditors or their associates for non-audit services .

Disclose the total amount of pension payments distinguishing between pensions for services as director and other pensions .
[tell] the total amount of pension payments distinguishing between pensions for services as director and other pensions .

Disclose the charge for taxation , distinguishing between the following :
[tell] the charge for taxation , distinguishing between the following :

Disclose separately extraordinary income or charges and the net extraordinary profit or loss and tax on the extraordinary profit or loss on the face of the profit and loss account or in a note .
[tell] separately extraordinary income or charges and the net extraordinary profit or loss and tax on the extraordinary profit or loss on the face of the profit and loss account or in a note .

For each item shown as a tangible asset disclose : cost at beginning of year and at balance sheet date
for each item shown as a tangible asset [tell] : cost at beginning of year and at balance sheet date

In respect of depreciation disclose :
in respect of depreciation [tell] :

For each class of fixed asset either : disclose gross amounts of assets held under finance leases , together with the related accumulated depreciation and depreciation charge for the period , or integrate these amounts with the figures for owned fixed assets and disclose separately the net amount of assets held under finance leases and the related depreciation charge for the period .
for each class of fixed asset either : [tell] gross amounts of assets held under finance leases , together with the related accumulated depreciation and depreciation charge for the period , or integrate these amounts with the figures for owned fixed assets and [tell] separately the net amount of assets held under finance leases and the related depreciation charge for the period .

For each item included in creditors due after one year , disclose separately :
for each item included in creditors due after one year , [tell] separately :

Disclose obligations under finance leases separately and split between those payable in two to five years inclusive , and more than five years .
[tell] obligations under finance leases separately and split between those payable in two to five years inclusive , and more than five years .

Disclose the following :
[tell] the following :

Disclose the treatment for taxation purposes of amounts debited or credited to the revaluation reserve .
[tell] the treatment for taxation purposes of amounts debited or credited to the revaluation reserve .

For a defined contribution scheme disclose :
for a defined contribution scheme [tell] :

If the information required on emoluments and other benefits of directors is not given , the auditors must disclose it in their reports .
if the information required on emoluments and other benefits of directors is not given , the auditors must [tell] it in their reports .

Disclose the date on which the accounts were formally approved by the board .
[tell] the date on which the accounts were formally approved by the board .

Disclose the names of persons who were directors at any time during the year .
[tell] the names of persons who were directors at any time during the year .

Disclose the date on which the accounts were formally approved by the board .
[tell] the date on which the accounts were formally approved by the board .

Stephen resolved to be wiser than his grandfather and , while telling his readers of his discovery , not to disclose its whereabouts .
stephen resolved to be wiser than his grandfather and , while telling his readers of his discovery , not to [tell] its whereabouts .

Since this shot occurs in two different scenes , maybe he tried it both ways , but it looks the same in each , tough repeated inspection fails to disclose conclusively which of the two possibilities it actually is .
since this shot occurs in two different scenes , maybe he tried it both ways , but it looks the same in each , tough repeated inspection fails to [tell] conclusively which of the two possibilities it actually is .

On the preliminary issue the judge dismissed the application holding that a local authority could sue for libel in respect of its governing or administrative reputation even though no financial loss was pleaded or alleged , that where a local authority instituted proceedings in reliance on section 222(1) of the Local Government Act 1972 it was for the local authority to decide on the expediency of litigating and it was not the court 's function to do so on an application to strike out , and that since the words complained of reflected on the local authority itself in the management and rectitude of its financial affairs , the statement of claim did disclose a cause of action against the defendants .
on the preliminary issue the judge dismissed the application holding that a local authority could sue for libel in respect of its governing or administrative reputation even though no financial loss was pleaded or alleged , that where a local authority instituted proceedings in reliance on section 222(1) of the local government act 1972 it was for the local authority to decide on the expediency of litigating and it was not the court 's function to do so on an application to strike out , and that since the words complained of reflected on the local authority itself in the management and rectitude of its financial affairs , the statement of claim did [tell] a cause of action against the defendants .

The Judge held that the prosecution had been under a duty to disclose the video whether it had been demanded or not , that the view the camera had was of an area of the club that was relevant to the res gestae , that the tape would have contained matters of relevance to the defendants and that it was wrong for the police officer to have formed the view that it was of no relevance .
the judge held that the prosecution had been under a duty to [tell] the video whether it had been demanded or not , that the view the camera had was of an area of the club that was relevant to the res gestae , that the tape would have contained matters of relevance to the defendants and that it was wrong for the police officer to have formed the view that it was of no relevance .

The graphic work and the sculpture interpret the ‘ voices ’ and ‘ stillness ’ in largely unrelated ways as the artist employs each medium to discover and disclose different aspects of what , to use one of her titles , lies ‘ Beyond the Mirror ’ .
the graphic work and the sculpture interpret the ‘ voices ’ and ‘ stillness ’ in largely unrelated ways as the artist employs each medium to discover and [tell] different aspects of what , to use one of her titles , lies ‘ beyond the mirror ’ .

‘ Faced with the myriad opportunities for the concealment of fraudulent activities which companies and trusts provide , Parliament has given the Serious Fraud Office the power to call upon a suspected person to come into the open , and to disclose information which may incriminate him .
‘ faced with the myriad opportunities for the concealment of fraudulent activities which companies and trusts provide , parliament has given the serious fraud office the power to call upon a suspected person to come into the open , and to [tell] information which may incriminate him .

The figures on schooling and educational background are particularly revealing , not just because they disclose that roughly 90 per cent of the country 's judges received a public school education , or that over three quarters had attended either Oxford or Cambridge universities , but because they also confirm that this social profile has remained virtually unaltered over the last four decades or more .
the figures on schooling and educational background are particularly revealing , not just because they [tell] that roughly 90 per cent of the country 's judges received a public school education , or that over three quarters had attended either oxford or cambridge universities , but because they also confirm that this social profile has remained virtually unaltered over the last four decades or more .

On a select number of occasions the licensing authority has decided not to disclose to the medical profession and patients the data behind reasons for its decisions — for example , those relating to Opren ( benoxoprofen ) and Halcion ( triazolam ) .
on a select number of occasions the licensing authority has decided not to [tell] to the medical profession and patients the data behind reasons for its decisions — for example , those relating to opren ( benoxoprofen ) and halcion ( triazolam ) .

It is necessary to attempt to disclose the reality of a communist writer 's existence .
it is necessary to attempt to [tell] the reality of a communist writer 's existence .

The thrust of the ensuing analysis will be the attempt to disclose the process of mediation whereby the political and ideological history of a given period is produced and reproduced in three consecutive texts .
the thrust of the ensuing analysis will be the attempt to [tell] the process of mediation whereby the political and ideological history of a given period is produced and reproduced in three consecutive texts .

Bourgeois literature was unequivocally condemned on three counts : first , for its failure to voice opposition to the First World War , a failure in other words to disclose the true reality of the war as an imperialist struggle ; secondly , for its refusal to offer an accurate depiction of the Soviet revolution , a failure explained as the cowardly refusal of the bourgeois writer to disclose the deepening crisis of capitalism after 1929 , a crisis highlighted by the success of the five year plan in the Soviet Union ; finally , for its refusal to face up to the growing threat of fascism .
bourgeois literature was unequivocally condemned on three counts : first , for its failure to voice opposition to the first world war , a failure in other words to [tell] the true reality of the war as an imperialist struggle ; secondly , for its refusal to offer an accurate depiction of the soviet revolution , a failure explained as the cowardly refusal of the bourgeois writer to [tell] the deepening crisis of capitalism after 1929 , a crisis highlighted by the success of the five year plan in the soviet union ; finally , for its refusal to face up to the growing threat of fascism .

John Bancroft has highlighted an important observation that recently there seems to be a greater willingness to disclose socially censured sexual behaviour .
john bancroft has highlighted an important observation that recently there seems to be a greater willingness to [tell] socially censured sexual behaviour .

The plaintiff then instituted proceedings against the defendants claiming damages for their breach of duty in failing to disclose material information to him and placing themselves in a position where their duties and interests conflicted .
the plaintiff then instituted proceedings against the defendants claiming damages for their breach of duty in failing to [tell] material information to him and placing themselves in a position where their duties and interests conflicted .

( 1 ) The defendants were the plaintiff 's agents for the sale of Caliban and as such owed him contractual and fiduciary duties to disclose to him all material matters concerning the sale so that he would be able to make an informed judgment as to what price to accept for Caliban .
( 1 ) the defendants were the plaintiff 's agents for the sale of caliban and as such owed him contractual and fiduciary duties to [tell] to him all material matters concerning the sale so that he would be able to make an informed judgment as to what price to accept for caliban .

( 4 ) In breach of their duties , the defendants failed to disclose that material fact to the plaintiff .
( 4 ) in breach of their duties , the defendants failed to [tell] that material fact to the plaintiff .

The judge then held that , since the information was material , the defendants , as agents , were under a duty to disclose it to the plaintiff .
the judge then held that , since the information was material , the defendants , as agents , were under a duty to [tell] it to the plaintiff .

He reached this conclusion notwithstanding the fact that the defendants had received this information as agents for Mr. Brant and that they owed accordingly a duty to Mr. Brant not to disclose the information to others .
he reached this conclusion notwithstanding the fact that the defendants had received this information as agents for mr. brant and that they owed accordingly a duty to mr. brant not to [tell] the information to others .

Was there any contractual duty on the defendants to disclose this material fact to the plaintiff ?
was there any contractual duty on the defendants to [tell] this material fact to the plaintiff ?

It can not be sensibly suggested that an estate agent is contractually bound to disclose to any one of his principals information which is confidential to another of his principals .
it can not be sensibly suggested that an estate agent is contractually bound to [tell] to any one of his principals information which is confidential to another of his principals .

The position as to confidentiality is even clearer in the case of stockbrokers who can not be contractually bound to disclose to their private clients inside information disclosed to the brokers in confidence by a company for which they also act .
the position as to confidentiality is even clearer in the case of stockbrokers who can not be contractually bound to [tell] to their private clients inside information disclosed to the brokers in confidence by a company for which they also act .

Applying those considerations to the present case , their Lordships are of the view that since the plaintiff was well aware that the defendants would be acting also for other vendors of comparable properties and in so doing would receive confidential information from those other vendors , the agency contract between the plaintiff and the defendants can not have included either ( a ) a term requiring the defendants to disclose such confidential information to the plaintiff or ( b ) a term precluding the defendants acting for rival vendors or ( c ) a term precluding the defendants from seeking to earn commission on the sale of the property of a rival vendor .
applying those considerations to the present case , their lordships are of the view that since the plaintiff was well aware that the defendants would be acting also for other vendors of comparable properties and in so doing would receive confidential information from those other vendors , the agency contract between the plaintiff and the defendants can not have included either ( a ) a term requiring the defendants to [tell] such confidential information to the plaintiff or ( b ) a term precluding the defendants acting for rival vendors or ( c ) a term precluding the defendants from seeking to earn commission on the sale of the property of a rival vendor .

Since , in the view of the Board , there was no general obligation in the contract to disclose to the plaintiff Mr. Perot 's interest in Vertigo , the only question is whether , when the defendants became aware of Mr. Perot 's interest in both properties , they came under some other duty to take some step to resolve the difficulty or cease to act .
since , in the view of the board , there was no general obligation in the contract to [tell] to the plaintiff mr. perot 's interest in vertigo , the only question is whether , when the defendants became aware of mr. perot 's interest in both properties , they came under some other duty to take some step to resolve the difficulty or cease to act .

’ The allegation does not disclose how the problem was to be resolved and in any event assumes that the difficulty can be solved by an agreement between the plaintiff and the defendants whereas the intervention and agreement of Mr. Brant would also have been necessary if any concrete step were to be taken .
’ the allegation does not [tell] how the problem was to be resolved and in any event assumes that the difficulty can be solved by an agreement between the plaintiff and the defendants whereas the intervention and agreement of mr. brant would also have been necessary if any concrete step were to be taken .

In any event , the judge awarded the whole of his estimate of the increased price which would have been obtained whereas the correct measure of damage for a failure to disclose the material facts was the loss to the plaintiff of the chance of negotiating an increased price if he had had the information .
in any event , the judge awarded the whole of his estimate of the increased price which would have been obtained whereas the correct measure of damage for a failure to [tell] the material facts was the loss to the plaintiff of the chance of negotiating an increased price if he had had the information .

Practice — Discovery — Public interest immunity — Court of Appeal ( Criminal Division ) ordering Police Complaints Authority to disclose documents to appellant — Implied undertaking to use documents only for appeal — Appellant 's conviction quashed — Police Officers involved in appellant 's case bringing libel action against newspaper publishers — Publishers seeking access to documents in order to plead justification — Claim of public interest immunity by Police Complaints Authority — Whether implied undertaking adding to claim of public interest immunity — Balance of public interests — Whether implied undertaking to be varied
practice — discovery — public interest immunity — court of appeal ( criminal division ) ordering police complaints authority to [tell] documents to appellant — implied undertaking to use documents only for appeal — appellant 's conviction quashed — police officers involved in appellant 's case bringing libel action against newspaper publishers — publishers seeking access to documents in order to plead justification — claim of public interest immunity by police complaints authority — whether implied undertaking adding to claim of public interest immunity — balance of public interests — whether implied undertaking to be varied

‘ Except as provided by the subsequent provisions of this Part of this Act — ( a ) no person who under or for the purposes of this Act receives information relating to the business or other affairs of any person ; and ( b ) no person who obtains any such information directly or indirectly from a person who has received it as aforesaid , shall disclose the information without the consent of the person to whom it relates and ( if different ) the person from whom it was received as aforesaid .
‘ except as provided by the subsequent provisions of this part of this act — ( a ) no person who under or for the purposes of this act receives information relating to the business or other affairs of any person ; and ( b ) no person who obtains any such information directly or indirectly from a person who has received it as aforesaid , shall [tell] the information without the consent of the person to whom it relates and ( if different ) the person from whom it was received as aforesaid .

‘ No court may require a person to disclose , nor is any person guilty of contempt of court for refusing to disclose , the source of information contained in a publication for which he is responsible , unless it be established to the satisfaction of the court that disclosure is necessary in the interests of justice or national security or for the prevention of disorder or crime .
‘ no court may require a person to [tell] , nor is any person guilty of contempt of court for refusing to [tell] , the source of information contained in a publication for which he is responsible , unless it be established to the satisfaction of the court that disclosure is necessary in the interests of justice or national security or for the prevention of disorder or crime .

If it is the duty of such a party to a contract , whether at common law or under statute , to disclose in defined circumstances confidential information , then he must do so , and any express contract to the contrary would be illegal and void .
if it is the duty of such a party to a contract , whether at common law or under statute , to [tell] in defined circumstances confidential information , then he must do so , and any express contract to the contrary would be illegal and void .

In accordance with general practice in Jamaica the prosecution disclosed to the defence the depositions of those witnesses taken at the committal hearing , but not their earlier statements to the police ; they did not disclose to the defence before or during the trial a statement made to the police by the deceased 's husband and two statements made by the deceased 's sister , relating to incidents not covered in their depositions , which were inconsistent with their evidence at trial .
in accordance with general practice in jamaica the prosecution disclosed to the defence the depositions of those witnesses taken at the committal hearing , but not their earlier statements to the police ; they did not [tell] to the defence before or during the trial a statement made to the police by the deceased 's husband and two statements made by the deceased 's sister , relating to incidents not covered in their depositions , which were inconsistent with their evidence at trial .

Their Lordships were shown a judgment of the Supreme Court of Canada in Stinchcombe v. The Queen ( unreported ) , 7 November 1991 from which it appears that ( partly in reliance on section 7 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms ) a much wider view is taken of the prosecution 's duty of disclosure of documents to the defence , namely , that , subject to certain discretions as to whether and when disclosure should be made , the Crown has a legal duty to disclose all relevant information to the defence on the basis that
their lordships were shown a judgment of the supreme court of canada in stinchcombe v. the queen ( unreported ) , 7 november 1991 from which it appears that ( partly in reliance on section 7 of the canadian charter of rights and freedoms ) a much wider view is taken of the prosecution 's duty of disclosure of documents to the defence , namely , that , subject to certain discretions as to whether and when disclosure should be made , the crown has a legal duty to [tell] all relevant information to the defence on the basis that

Practice — Discovery — Privilege against self-incrimination — Action for damages for fraud and breach of trust — Plaintiffs obtaining order requiring defendants to disclose information and documents — Proviso prohibiting use of information in criminal proceedings — Defendants claiming privilege against self-incrimination — Whether proviso effective to protect defendants — Whether plaintiffs ' claim proprietary so as to defeat claim to privilege — Whether claim for infringement of rights pertaining to commercial information — Supreme Court Act 1981 ( c. 54 ) , s. 72
practice — discovery — privilege against self-incrimination — action for damages for fraud and breach of trust — plaintiffs obtaining order requiring defendants to [tell] information and documents — proviso prohibiting use of information in criminal proceedings — defendants claiming privilege against self-incrimination — whether proviso effective to protect defendants — whether plaintiffs ' claim proprietary so as to defeat claim to privilege — whether claim for infringement of rights pertaining to commercial information — supreme court act 1981 ( c. 54 ) , s. 72

My Lords , this appeal concerns the ambit of that right to silence which is known as the privilege against self-incrimination and entitles any person to refuse to answer questions or to disclose documents if to do so would tend to expose him to proceedings for a criminal offence .
my lords , this appeal concerns the ambit of that right to silence which is known as the privilege against self-incrimination and entitles any person to refuse to answer questions or to [tell] documents if to do so would tend to expose him to proceedings for a criminal offence .

Your Lordships are invited to construe that benevolently in the defendants ' favour as a claim to invoke the privilege against self-incrimination on the ground that the order called upon him to disclose material which might be used in furtherance of criminal proceedings against him .
your lordships are invited to construe that benevolently in the defendants ' favour as a claim to invoke the privilege against self-incrimination on the ground that the order called upon him to [tell] material which might be used in furtherance of criminal proceedings against him .

If a secured creditor omits to disclose his security in his proof of debt , he must surrender it for the general benefit of creditors unless the court relieves him on the ground that omission was inadvertent or the result of honest mistake ( r 6.116 ) .
if a secured creditor omits to [tell] his security in his proof of debt , he must surrender it for the general benefit of creditors unless the court relieves him on the ground that omission was inadvertent or the result of honest mistake ( r 6.116 ) .

And it is not possible for us to know anything at all about him unless he is generous enough to disclose himself Another book in this series has tackled the question of revelation ; suffice it to say at this point that without revelation we can not say anything about the Lord who is Spirit .
and it is not possible for us to know anything at all about him unless he is generous enough to [tell] himself another book in this series has tackled the question of revelation ; suffice it to say at this point that without revelation we can not say anything about the lord who is spirit .

The privy Council held that although the Minister was not bound to disclose his reasons , he could not thereby render the company 's right of appeal nugatory .
the privy council held that although the minister was not bound to [tell] his reasons , he could not thereby render the company 's right of appeal nugatory .

Some of the more important suggestions for change include new committee structures to allow qualified civilian staff to have information and knowledge to question military assumptions ; new congressional committees to review the need for new weapons systems ; laws to force people to disclose any bureaucratic and financial interests when dealing with the military and to stop Pentagon officials taking top jobs with defence contractors : and , budgeting systems which would ask for every existing military programme to be fundamentally reappraised every year ( zero-based budgeting ) .
some of the more important suggestions for change include new committee structures to allow qualified civilian staff to have information and knowledge to question military assumptions ; new congressional committees to review the need for new weapons systems ; laws to force people to [tell] any bureaucratic and financial interests when dealing with the military and to stop pentagon officials taking top jobs with defence contractors : and , budgeting systems which would ask for every existing military programme to be fundamentally reappraised every year ( zero-based budgeting ) .

Although they have been reluctant to disclose their plans they would like to tax people 's property and tax their income .
although they have been reluctant to [tell] their plans they would like to tax people 's property and tax their income .

When she returned to Swans ' Meadow , she found Ursula had embarked on a cold-blooded drinking bout and was reluctant to accompany her into the garden , the one venue where Charlotte felt she could safely disclose what had happened .
when she returned to swans ' meadow , she found ursula had embarked on a cold-blooded drinking bout and was reluctant to accompany her into the garden , the one venue where charlotte felt she could safely [tell] what had happened .

The former mandatory distinction , between brokers , who acted only as agents for their clients , and jobbers who acted only as market-making principals , has disappeared ; as a result of ‘ Big Bang ’ , firms may now act as either , so long as they disclose to the client whether they are acting as agents or principals .
the former mandatory distinction , between brokers , who acted only as agents for their clients , and jobbers who acted only as market-making principals , has disappeared ; as a result of ‘ big bang ’ , firms may now act as either , so long as they [tell] to the client whether they are acting as agents or principals .

If the regulations are so framed as to give the directors an unfettered discretion the court will interfere with it only on proof of bad faith and since the directors will not be bound to disclose either their grounds or their reasons , the difficulty of discharging the onus of proof is especially great .
if the regulations are so framed as to give the directors an unfettered discretion the court will interfere with it only on proof of bad faith and since the directors will not be bound to [tell] either their grounds or their reasons , the difficulty of discharging the onus of proof is especially great .

( iii ) Defective registration It may be that the charges register fails to disclose accurately particulars of the charge ; for example , it may contain inaccurate particulars of the amount secured , or the property subject to the charge .
( iii ) defective registration it may be that the charges register fails to [tell] accurately particulars of the charge ; for example , it may contain inaccurate particulars of the amount secured , or the property subject to the charge .

If any such records are kept outside Great Britain , there must be sent to Great Britain ( and be available for inspection there by the officers ) records which will disclose with reasonable accuracy the position of the business in question at intervals of not more than six months and will enable the directors to ensure that the company 's balance sheet and profit and loss account comply with the Act .
if any such records are kept outside great britain , there must be sent to great britain ( and be available for inspection there by the officers ) records which will [tell] with reasonable accuracy the position of the business in question at intervals of not more than six months and will enable the directors to ensure that the company 's balance sheet and profit and loss account comply with the act .

Finally , the acceptance of a problem and consequent search for any law which might be relevant may disclose a novel application of the law or a new remedy .
finally , the acceptance of a problem and consequent search for any law which might be relevant may [tell] a novel application of the law or a new remedy .

This section establishes a procedure whereby a plaintiff may seek an order requiring a defendant to disclose any documents which may become the subject matter of subsequent proceedings .
this section establishes a procedure whereby a plaintiff may seek an order requiring a defendant to [tell] any documents which may become the subject matter of subsequent proceedings .

In the early stages , however , it may not be in the plaintiff 's interests to disclose too much .
in the early stages , however , it may not be in the plaintiff 's interests to [tell] too much .

Do not provide too much detailed information ; do not disclose medical reports ; do not indicate the financial status of the client or his or her willingness and ability to litigate .
do not provide too much detailed information ; do not [tell] medical reports ; do not indicate the financial status of the client or his or her willingness and ability to litigate .

Since some women would no doubt have been unwilling to disclose experiences of marital rape ( a few openly refused to do so ) , the 14 % figure is , if anything , a conservative one .
since some women would no doubt have been unwilling to [tell] experiences of marital rape ( a few openly refused to do so ) , the 14 % figure is , if anything , a conservative one .

The trial judge emphasised that the facts failed to disclose any bruising of the victim 's thighs or any other sign of struggle .
the trial judge emphasised that the facts failed to [tell] any bruising of the victim 's thighs or any other sign of struggle .

The Warmfield company has claimed that all procedures for dumping — which it claims will consist mainly of meat and fish and industrial waste — are safe , although it has refused to disclose full details .
the warmfield company has claimed that all procedures for dumping — which it claims will consist mainly of meat and fish and industrial waste — are safe , although it has refused to [tell] full details .

They are required to disclose publicly any information which is necessary to avoid the establishment of a false market in their securities and to give their shareholders details of significant transactions affecting the company .
they are required to [tell] publicly any information which is necessary to avoid the establishment of a false market in their securities and to give their shareholders details of significant transactions affecting the company .

However , the target 's board will usually want appropriate confidentiality undertakings and will be reluctant to disclose sensitive commercial or technical information to an offeror which is a competitor .
however , the target 's board will usually want appropriate confidentiality undertakings and will be reluctant to [tell] sensitive commercial or technical information to an offeror which is a competitor .

The definition of `` associate `` is broader than that of `` acting in concert `` and is relevant primarily to the obligation to disclose dealings and arrangements during the offer period .
the definition of `` associate `` is broader than that of `` acting in concert `` and is relevant primarily to the obligation to [tell] dealings and arrangements during the offer period .

Where any buy-in or redemption is permitted during an offer period , there is an obligation to disclose it as a dealing under Rule 8 .
where any buy-in or redemption is permitted during an offer period , there is an obligation to [tell] it as a dealing under rule 8 .

The target 's circular to shareholders must disclose purchases and redemptions made over the period commencing 12 months prior to the offer period and ending with the latest practicable date prior to the posting of the document .
the target 's circular to shareholders must [tell] purchases and redemptions made over the period commencing 12 months prior to the offer period and ending with the latest practicable date prior to the posting of the document .

In general terms , a landlord ( like a vendor ) should disclose to the prospective tenant any defects in title that may not be obvious to the tenant unless it was clear that the tenant knew of the defects when it entered into the agreement for lease . Nevertheless , clauses 9.1 and 9.2 are dangerous as a tenant will prefer to know at the outset whether any defects affect the premises and the tenant 's solicitor should amend them as follows :
in general terms , a landlord ( like a vendor ) should [tell] to the prospective tenant any defects in title that may not be obvious to the tenant unless it was clear that the tenant knew of the defects when it entered into the agreement for lease . nevertheless , clauses 9.1 and 9.2 are dangerous as a tenant will prefer to know at the outset whether any defects affect the premises and the tenant 's solicitor should amend them as follows :

7.1 Warranty re-convictions The Tenant warrants that prior to the execution of this Lease [ it ] has disclosed to the Landlord in writing any conviction judgment or finding of any court or tribunal relating to the Tenant ( or any director or other officer or major shareholder of the Tenant ) of such a nature as to be likely to affect the decision of any insurer or underwriter to grant or to continue insurance of any of the Insured Risks The landlord may wish to include this in order to protect its position resulting from insurance contracts being uberrimae fidei , with the resultant obligation to disclose to the insurers material facts within its actual or presumed knowledge .
7.1 warranty re-convictions the tenant warrants that prior to the execution of this lease [ it ] has disclosed to the landlord in writing any conviction judgment or finding of any court or tribunal relating to the tenant ( or any director or other officer or major shareholder of the tenant ) of such a nature as to be likely to affect the decision of any insurer or underwriter to grant or to continue insurance of any of the insured risks the landlord may wish to include this in order to protect its position resulting from insurance contracts being uberrimae fidei , with the resultant obligation to [tell] to the insurers material facts within its actual or presumed knowledge .

( 4 ) It is necessary to disclose the capacity in which the seller sells .
( 4 ) it is necessary to [tell] the capacity in which the seller sells .

Information acquired by an employee which becomes part of his general skills and stock of knowledge is not the subject of an obligation of confidentiality although during the term of the employment it may be a breach of the employee 's duty of good faith to disclose it to third parties .
information acquired by an employee which becomes part of his general skills and stock of knowledge is not the subject of an obligation of confidentiality although during the term of the employment it may be a breach of the employee 's duty of good faith to [tell] it to third parties .

The plaintiffs relied on an express term set out in the letters of appointments written to the defendants as follows : You will not disclose any of the company 's affairs or any of its subsidiary or associated companies business or trade secrets to a third party either during or after you have ceased to be an employee of the company without the express written consent of the company .
the plaintiffs relied on an express term set out in the letters of appointments written to the defendants as follows : you will not [tell] any of the company 's affairs or any of its subsidiary or associated companies business or trade secrets to a third party either during or after you have ceased to be an employee of the company without the express written consent of the company .

Similarly an obligation of confidence may not be prayed in aid of a refusal to disclose secret information to a trustee in bankruptcy if it can be regarded as part of the bankrupt 's property ( see Keene , Re [ 1922 ] 2 Ch 475 ) .
similarly an obligation of confidence may not be prayed in aid of a refusal to [tell] secret information to a trustee in bankruptcy if it can be regarded as part of the bankrupt 's property ( see keene , re [ 1922 ] 2 ch 475 ) .

If this is the aim it will , by the agreement of transfer , be necessary to specify that the transferor will not further use or disclose the information himself , otherwise the transferee will simply be one further person who is aware of the information .
if this is the aim it will , by the agreement of transfer , be necessary to specify that the transferor will not further use or [tell] the information himself , otherwise the transferee will simply be one further person who is aware of the information .

During employment the employee may damage his employer 's business in the following ways : ( a ) working for a competitor during his hours of employment ; ( b ) working for a competitor in his spare time ; ( c ) making preparations in order to compete with his employer after he has left ; ( d ) disclosing or using the employer 's business secrets ; or ( e ) failing to disclose information which may be of use to his employer and in some instances personally profiting from its use .
during employment the employee may damage his employer 's business in the following ways : ( a ) working for a competitor during his hours of employment ; ( b ) working for a competitor in his spare time ; ( c ) making preparations in order to compete with his employer after he has left ; ( d ) disclosing or using the employer 's business secrets ; or ( e ) failing to [tell] information which may be of use to his employer and in some instances personally profiting from its use .

During employment the employee could not use or disclose this information without breaching the duty of fidelity .
during employment the employee could not use or [tell] this information without breaching the duty of fidelity .

4 Whether the relevant information can be easily isolated from other information which the employee is free to use or disclose This to some extent relies on the intelligence and honesty of the employee .
4 whether the relevant information can be easily isolated from other information which the employee is free to use or [tell] this to some extent relies on the intelligence and honesty of the employee .

Thus in Summa Theologica , Saint Thomas says that if a defect is known to the vendor , it is a sin not to disclose it and the sale is void .
thus in summa theologica , saint thomas says that if a defect is known to the vendor , it is a sin not to [tell] it and the sale is void .

This would give effect to clauses that seek to define the rights and obligations of the parties , for example , a clause which indicated that no partnership or agency relationship was created , and clear clauses would abrogate the prohibition on , for instance , self-dealing or the necessity to disclose all relevant information to the customer .
this would give effect to clauses that seek to define the rights and obligations of the parties , for example , a clause which indicated that no partnership or agency relationship was created , and clear clauses would abrogate the prohibition on , for instance , self-dealing or the necessity to [tell] all relevant information to the customer .

The requirement of full disclosure of all material facts means that it is insufficient merely to disclose that the firm has an interest or to put the customer on enquiry .
the requirement of full disclosure of all material facts means that it is insufficient merely to [tell] that the firm has an interest or to put the customer on enquiry .

However it is not necessary to disclose a fact which the customer already knows , `` or would have known … if he had thought about it `` .
however it is not necessary to [tell] a fact which the customer already knows , `` or would have known … if he had thought about it `` .

There is Commonwealth authority that there is no obligation to disclose facts of which the firm is unaware `` notwithstanding that prudent enquiry would reveal their existence `` provided that the fiduciary has not deliberately refrained from acquiring them .
there is commonwealth authority that there is no obligation to [tell] facts of which the firm is unaware `` notwithstanding that prudent enquiry would reveal their existence `` provided that the fiduciary has not deliberately refrained from acquiring them .

In these circumstances it is sufficient for the broker to disclose to the customer that he is acting as principal , provided that he does not charge commission .
in these circumstances it is sufficient for the broker to [tell] to the customer that he is acting as principal , provided that he does not charge commission .

Provided that the customer is aware that his agent will be remunerated in this way , does not make further enquiry , and is not misled by the agent as to amount , the agent does not have to disclose the amount of or basis on which the commission is paid .
provided that the customer is aware that his agent will be remunerated in this way , does not make further enquiry , and is not misled by the agent as to amount , the agent does not have to [tell] the amount of or basis on which the commission is paid .

For example , if the broker acquired the stock with a view to selling it on to the customer at a profit , it would have to disclose this fact , the historic price of the stock , the current market price of the stock and the profit on the sale .
for example , if the broker acquired the stock with a view to selling it on to the customer at a profit , it would have to [tell] this fact , the historic price of the stock , the current market price of the stock and the profit on the sale .

Where there is reasonable cause to believe that a person has information about the child 's whereabouts he may be ordered to disclose it ( s95 ( 6 ) ) .
where there is reasonable cause to believe that a person has information about the child 's whereabouts he may be ordered to [tell] it ( s95 ( 6 ) ) .

In proceedings under the Children Act 1989 the parties must disclose the substance of any oral evidence they propose to call in advance of the hearing .
in proceedings under the children act 1989 the parties must [tell] the substance of any oral evidence they propose to call in advance of the hearing .

Where this is the case it is interesting to note that the Access to Personal Files ( Social Services ) Regulations 1989 require local authorities to disclose as much information as they can by omitting names and sensitive information or by other means .
where this is the case it is interesting to note that the access to personal files ( social services ) regulations 1989 require local authorities to [tell] as much information as they can by omitting names and sensitive information or by other means .

Where you think that one of your disbursements is likely to be challenged you should get the expert to produce a breakdown of how it was that the fees came to be charged , whether on a fixed rate basis or an hourly charge basis , and this should be available to disclose to the opposition and to be used on taxation .
where you think that one of your disbursements is likely to be challenged you should get the expert to produce a breakdown of how it was that the fees came to be charged , whether on a fixed rate basis or an hourly charge basis , and this should be available to [tell] to the opposition and to be used on taxation .

We will need to disclose your report to our opponents , and so please include in a covering letter any comments you may have about any contribution our client may have made to the accident as these do not necessarily have to be disclosed .
we will need to [tell] your report to our opponents , and so please include in a covering letter any comments you may have about any contribution our client may have made to the accident as these do not necessarily have to be disclosed .

You may wish to produce your proof of evidence in two parts ; one part dealing with matters that will be raised and relied upon by you at trial , which must be disclosed ; and one part dealing with matters that might be raised against you on cross-examination , that you will not want to disclose .
you may wish to produce your proof of evidence in two parts ; one part dealing with matters that will be raised and relied upon by you at trial , which must be disclosed ; and one part dealing with matters that might be raised against you on cross-examination , that you will not want to [tell] .

Under these powers the commission had to disclose the purpose for which it required the land .
under these powers the commission had to [tell] the purpose for which it required the land .

They were intended to provide a rapid procedure under which objectors would have no right to state their case at a public inquiry , and the commission was not required to disclose the purpose for which the land was needed .
they were intended to provide a rapid procedure under which objectors would have no right to state their case at a public inquiry , and the commission was not required to [tell] the purpose for which the land was needed .

( e ) there was widespread agreement amongst those who opposed the proposal , that a solicitor who wished to act in the circumstances outlined in the question ought nevertheless to be under an obligation to disclose to the lender any personal , family or employee interests attaching to the transaction which might give rise to a conflict .
( e ) there was widespread agreement amongst those who opposed the proposal , that a solicitor who wished to act in the circumstances outlined in the question ought nevertheless to be under an obligation to [tell] to the lender any personal , family or employee interests attaching to the transaction which might give rise to a conflict .

These can be sub-divided into two broad categories : record retention requirements , such as the Companies Act 1985 , ss.221–222 ; and requirements to disclose information to various authorities/persons , which imply the need to maintain records , such as the Data Protection Act 1984 ( see below ) .
these can be sub-divided into two broad categories : record retention requirements , such as the companies act 1985 , ss.221–222 ; and requirements to [tell] information to various authorities/persons , which imply the need to maintain records , such as the data protection act 1984 ( see below ) .

Of course , the parties might agree to disclose expert reports , a practice which is encouraged by the Court of Appeal .
of course , the parties might agree to [tell] expert reports , a practice which is encouraged by the court of appeal .

Disclosure of a written report is a pre-condition to calling expert evidence , but the basic rules remain the same : expert evidence is privileged and neither party is obliged to disclose a report which is hostile to his case and on which he therefore will not wish to rely ( see below ) .
disclosure of a written report is a pre-condition to calling expert evidence , but the basic rules remain the same : expert evidence is privileged and neither party is obliged to [tell] a report which is hostile to his case and on which he therefore will not wish to rely ( see below ) .

He will only be entitled to see it if the defendant has agreed to disclose it or , of course , if the defendant subsequently decides to rely on the evidence of the examining doctor .
he will only be entitled to see it if the defendant has agreed to [tell] it or , of course , if the defendant subsequently decides to rely on the evidence of the examining doctor .

Therefore , the plaintiff 's solicitor should , in any case involving substantial injury and continuing disability , attempt to agree to disclose his reports on the basis of mutual exchange for the defendant 's reports .
therefore , the plaintiff 's solicitor should , in any case involving substantial injury and continuing disability , attempt to agree to [tell] his reports on the basis of mutual exchange for the defendant 's reports .

In the county courts discovery in personal injury cases remains mutual but in running-down cases or cases where liability is admitted , discovery is limited to documents relating to the amount of damages , and so in practice the defendant , unless the employer , is unlikely to have any documents to disclose .
in the county courts discovery in personal injury cases remains mutual but in running-down cases or cases where liability is admitted , discovery is limited to documents relating to the amount of damages , and so in practice the defendant , unless the employer , is unlikely to have any documents to [tell] .

Both the Seller and the Purchaser shall each keep confidential and shall not without the prior consent in writing of the other disclose to any third party any technical or commercial information which it has acquired from the other as a result of discussions , negotiations and other communications between them relating to the goods and the Order .
both the seller and the purchaser shall each keep confidential and shall not without the prior consent in writing of the other [tell] to any third party any technical or commercial information which it has acquired from the other as a result of discussions , negotiations and other communications between them relating to the goods and the order .

11.1 You will keep secret and will not disclose to any third party ( except sub-contractors accepting a like obligation of secrecy , and then only to the extent necessary for the performance of the sub-contract ) all information given by us in connection with this order , or which becomes known to you through your performance of work under this order .
11.1 you will keep secret and will not [tell] to any third party ( except sub-contractors accepting a like obligation of secrecy , and then only to the extent necessary for the performance of the sub-contract ) all information given by us in connection with this order , or which becomes known to you through your performance of work under this order .

You will not mention our name in connection with this order or disclose the existence of this order in any publicity material or other similar communication to third parties without our prior consent in writing .
you will not mention our name in connection with this order or [tell] the existence of this order in any publicity material or other similar communication to third parties without our prior consent in writing .

Rent review arbitrations are unique in that the law allows the parties to the rent review to use subpoenas to force others with no other involvement in the affair to disclose the rental of buildings when that rental is the subject of a commercial confidentiality agreement : see the article by the author and Steven Dark in Further Reading .
rent review arbitrations are unique in that the law allows the parties to the rent review to use subpoenas to force others with no other involvement in the affair to [tell] the rental of buildings when that rental is the subject of a commercial confidentiality agreement : see the article by the author and steven dark in further reading .

For instance , should the parties be ordered to disclose documents on a wide-ranging basis similar to the `` discovery `` procedures of the court ?
for instance , should the parties be ordered to [tell] documents on a wide-ranging basis similar to the `` discovery `` procedures of the court ?

Discovery obliges each party to disclose to the other all documents relevant to the issues , except those containing legal advice on those issues .
discovery obliges each party to [tell] to the other all documents relevant to the issues , except those containing legal advice on those issues .

Difficulties can arise if one party refuses to disclose a document which the other party wishes the expert to see .
difficulties can arise if one party refuses to [tell] a document which the other party wishes the expert to see .

Unless there is a specific provision about this in the expert clause ( see 8.15.10 ) , the expert will have less authority to impose disclosure on an unwilling party : but he can draw adverse inferences from the failure to disclose .
unless there is a specific provision about this in the expert clause ( see 8.15.10 ) , the expert will have less authority to impose disclosure on an unwilling party : but he can draw adverse inferences from the failure to [tell] .

Interrogatories are questions put by one party to the other about his case which that other party must answer : discovery is a process by which both parties must disclose to each other all documents relevant to the issues , except for documents containing legal advice on the case .
interrogatories are questions put by one party to the other about his case which that other party must answer : discovery is a process by which both parties must [tell] to each other all documents relevant to the issues , except for documents containing legal advice on the case .

It is also common practice to disclose the contents and effects of extensive documents .
it is also common practice to [tell] the contents and effects of extensive documents .

Practice varies as to whether the investor should disclose the due diligence report to the vendor .
practice varies as to whether the investor should [tell] the due diligence report to the vendor .

( 2 ) The purchaser may have no confidence in either the vendor 's ability or the vendor 's intention to fully and properly disclose the liabilities of the company .
( 2 ) the purchaser may have no confidence in either the vendor 's ability or the vendor 's intention to fully and properly [tell] the liabilities of the company .

The first is to encourage the vendor to disclose exceptions to the general nature of the warranties .
the first is to encourage the vendor to [tell] exceptions to the general nature of the warranties .

It is normal practice for the vendor to disclose various documents to the purchaser as part of the disclosure exercise .
it is normal practice for the vendor to [tell] various documents to the purchaser as part of the disclosure exercise .

The purchaser should reject at all costs any attempt by the vendor to disclose any other documents which are referred to in the documents presented with the disclosure letter .
the purchaser should reject at all costs any attempt by the vendor to [tell] any other documents which are referred to in the documents presented with the disclosure letter .

The clear aim of the vendor is to disclose as much as possible thereby reducing the potential for claims under the warranties .
the clear aim of the vendor is to [tell] as much as possible thereby reducing the potential for claims under the warranties .

However , it is suggested that the vendor should not adopt this `` scatter gun `` approach but instead disclose specific information and salient points expressly or by reference .
however , it is suggested that the vendor should not adopt this `` scatter gun `` approach but instead [tell] specific information and salient points expressly or by reference .

( 5 ) The fraud or dishonesty of the vendor In addition to fraud and dishonesty insurers will specifically exclude liability for the wilful failure by the vendor to disclose matters of which it had actual knowledge .
( 5 ) the fraud or dishonesty of the vendor in addition to fraud and dishonesty insurers will specifically exclude liability for the wilful failure by the vendor to [tell] matters of which it had actual knowledge .

It is pressing for companies to be required by law to disclose details of trade effluents .
it is pressing for companies to be required by law to [tell] details of trade effluents .

This difference was caused by the commission paid to Berenson , but which he had not disclosed , and which Gutekunst subsequently advised him to disclose .
this difference was caused by the commission paid to berenson , but which he had not disclosed , and which gutekunst subsequently advised him to [tell] .

Thus the law insists that a director who wishes to enter into a transaction where there is any possibility of a conflict between his own interest and his duty to act in the best interests of the company must disclose the transaction to the shareholders in general meeting and obtain their consent to it .
thus the law insists that a director who wishes to enter into a transaction where there is any possibility of a conflict between his own interest and his duty to act in the best interests of the company must [tell] the transaction to the shareholders in general meeting and obtain their consent to it .

The Companies Act 1980 ( now consolidated in the Companies Act 1985 ) has extended the occasions when the consent of the shareholders to a transaction is required , so that , for example , before directors enter into long-term service agreements with their company , or substantial property transactions with their company , they must disclose the details of these transactions and obtain the consent of the shareholders .
the companies act 1980 ( now consolidated in the companies act 1985 ) has extended the occasions when the consent of the shareholders to a transaction is required , so that , for example , before directors enter into long-term service agreements with their company , or substantial property transactions with their company , they must [tell] the details of these transactions and obtain the consent of the shareholders .

Duties are placed on inspectors by Article 30 ( 8 ) to disclose certain information to persons employed at premises to which the Order applies to assist in keeping such persons adequately informed about matters likely to affect their health , safety and welfare .
duties are placed on inspectors by article 30 ( 8 ) to [tell] certain information to persons employed at premises to which the order applies to assist in keeping such persons adequately informed about matters likely to affect their health , safety and welfare .

Unless you have agreed that we may disclose information about your personal affairs ( or we are required by law to do so ) , such information will remain confidential to us provided you have not failed to repay us any money properly demanded from you ( see next bullet point b ) .
unless you have agreed that we may [tell] information about your personal affairs ( or we are required by law to do so ) , such information will remain confidential to us provided you have not failed to repay us any money properly demanded from you ( see next bullet point b ) .

The minutes disclose continuing differences of view . The Lord Chancellor :
the minutes [tell] continuing differences of view . the lord chancellor :

The rest of the campaign will investigate producing practice guidelines for SSDs ; training strategies ; how elderly people disclose ( or do n't disclose ) abuse ; how assessment , and the Community Care Act in general , can take account of elder abuse ; providing support for carers ; arguments for the registration of private domiciliary care ; arguments for and against ‘ at risk registers ’ of elderly people ; models of good practice from SSDs ; and opportunities to learn from child protection legislation .
the rest of the campaign will investigate producing practice guidelines for ssds ; training strategies ; how elderly people [tell] ( or do n't [tell] ) abuse ; how assessment , and the community care act in general , can take account of elder abuse ; providing support for carers ; arguments for the registration of private domiciliary care ; arguments for and against ‘ at risk registers ’ of elderly people ; models of good practice from ssds ; and opportunities to learn from child protection legislation .

Later this month a private member 's bill that would require the government to disclose information on the safety and efficacy of drugs to the public should receive its second reading .
later this month a private member 's bill that would require the government to [tell] information on the safety and efficacy of drugs to the public should receive its second reading .

The family practitioner committee was unwilling to disclose the size of individual practices and so , to preserve anonymity , practices were grouped into nine geographical zones and their referrals represented as rates per zone .
the family practitioner committee was unwilling to [tell] the size of individual practices and so , to preserve anonymity , practices were grouped into nine geographical zones and their referrals represented as rates per zone .

The overwhelming climate of secrecy has long been encouraged and supported by the Official Secrets Acts 1911–1920 which have been used not simply to prevent disclosure of security information but to prevent the disclosure of all information which governments have chosen not to disclose .
the overwhelming climate of secrecy has long been encouraged and supported by the official secrets acts 1911–1920 which have been used not simply to prevent disclosure of security information but to prevent the disclosure of all information which governments have chosen not to [tell] .

But section 2 of the 1911 Act went far beyond spying , making it an offence to disclose or receive official information .
but section 2 of the 1911 act went far beyond spying , making it an offence to [tell] or receive official information .

This was not confined to security information but encompassed any information which was not in the interests of the state to disclose .
this was not confined to security information but encompassed any information which was not in the interests of the state to [tell] .

Section 1 ( 1 ) makes it an offence for any member or former member of the security and intelligence services to disclose information relating to these services .
section 1 ( 1 ) makes it an offence for any member or former member of the security and intelligence services to [tell] information relating to these services .

Ministers have warning of questions and need disclose no more information than they think fit and are obliged only to answer those matters which fall within their particular areas of responsibility .
ministers have warning of questions and need [tell] no more information than they think fit and are obliged only to answer those matters which fall within their particular areas of responsibility .

Interviews with the head , senior staff , teacher-librarians and members of the library committee disclose a large measure of agreement that the use made of the library by many of the departments and courses has increased substantially in the period covered by the project .
interviews with the head , senior staff , teacher-librarians and members of the library committee [tell] a large measure of agreement that the use made of the library by many of the departments and courses has increased substantially in the period covered by the project .

Only then did he disclose to John Macnab that he and Margaret were leaving for Germany next morning , 26 August , the day on which the powers of detention and internment would come into effect .
only then did he [tell] to john macnab that he and margaret were leaving for germany next morning , 26 august , the day on which the powers of detention and internment would come into effect .

v. Galliher the court ordered the defendant to disclose full particulars of a flat in Paris ( which was thought to contain valuable pictures and objets d'art allegedly transferred to the defendant in fraud of the creditors of another ) , to verify the information on affidavit , and to permit a named French avocat to inspect the contents of the flat .
v. galliher the court ordered the defendant to [tell] full particulars of a flat in paris ( which was thought to contain valuable pictures and objets d'art allegedly transferred to the defendant in fraud of the creditors of another ) , to verify the information on affidavit , and to permit a named french avocat to inspect the contents of the flat .

Closely associated with Mareva injunctions , and of direct relevance to the subject-matter of the present work , are orders requiring a defendant to disclose the whereabouts of his assets .
closely associated with mareva injunctions , and of direct relevance to the subject-matter of the present work , are orders requiring a defendant to [tell] the whereabouts of his assets .

The traditional means of making sure that stock market prices reflect available information is to require firms to disclose relevant information publicly via the imposition of disclosure requirements .
the traditional means of making sure that stock market prices reflect available information is to require firms to [tell] relevant information publicly via the imposition of disclosure requirements .

Once their trades are completed , insiders ' incentives are to disclose the information .
once their trades are completed , insiders ' incentives are to [tell] the information .

Then finally , in the case of officers , employees , and others in a professional or business relationship , they must be in a position which affords them access to information which they ought not reasonably to disclose , save for the proper performance of their duties .
then finally , in the case of officers , employees , and others in a professional or business relationship , they must be in a position which affords them access to information which they ought not reasonably to [tell] , save for the proper performance of their duties .

it would be reasonable to expect a person so connected and in the position by virtue of which he is so connected , not to disclose save for the proper performance of the functions attached to that position ;
it would be reasonable to expect a person so connected and in the position by virtue of which he is so connected , not to [tell] save for the proper performance of the functions attached to that position ;

knows or has reasonable cause to believe that , because of the individual 's connection and position , it would be reasonable to expect him not to disclose that information save for the proper performance of his duties .
knows or has reasonable cause to believe that , because of the individual 's connection and position , it would be reasonable to expect him not to [tell] that information save for the proper performance of his duties .

The tippee need not only knowingly obtain the information from an individual connected with a company ( as defined above ) who he knows or has reasonable cause to believe holds the information by being so connected , he must also know or have reasonable cause to expect that individual not to disclose that information save for the proper performance of that individuals duties .
the tippee need not only knowingly obtain the information from an individual connected with a company ( as defined above ) who he knows or has reasonable cause to believe holds the information by being so connected , he must also know or have reasonable cause to expect that individual not to [tell] that information save for the proper performance of that individuals duties .

Accordingly , the insiders were under an obligation , inter alia , to disclose material matters about which they knew or had reason to believe the relevant shareholders had insufficient knowledge .
accordingly , the insiders were under an obligation , inter alia , to [tell] material matters about which they knew or had reason to believe the relevant shareholders had insufficient knowledge .

It is , however , possible that an employee of the professional adviser , here the corporate finance arm of a conglomerate , could misuse or disclose the confidential information .
it is , however , possible that an employee of the professional adviser , here the corporate finance arm of a conglomerate , could misuse or [tell] the confidential information .

Anyone in possession of material inside information must either disclose it to the investing public or if he is disabled from disclosing it in order to protect a corporate confidence , or he chooses not to do so , must abstain from trading in or recommending the securities concerned while such inside information remains undisclosed .
anyone in possession of material inside information must either [tell] it to the investing public or if he is disabled from disclosing it in order to protect a corporate confidence , or he chooses not to do so , must abstain from trading in or recommending the securities concerned while such inside information remains undisclosed .

Instead it adopted an expansive interpretation , requiring anyone who obtained possession of material nonpublic information from a corporation to disclose this information to the market .
instead it adopted an expansive interpretation , requiring anyone who obtained possession of material nonpublic information from a corporation to [tell] this information to the market .

The Supreme Court held , overturning the lower court , that Chiarella was not under an obligation to disclose his information or abstain from trading .
the supreme court held , overturning the lower court , that chiarella was not under an obligation to [tell] his information or abstain from trading .

Instead the duty to disclose or abstain was dependent upon whether the trader owed the issuer of the securities a fiduciary or other relationship of trust and confidence .
instead the duty to [tell] or abstain was dependent upon whether the trader owed the issuer of the securities a fiduciary or other relationship of trust and confidence .

Texas Gulf Sulphur , as well as affirming the general disclose or abstain principle , made it clear that the persons communicating inside information ( tippers ) to others ( tippees ) would be in breach of the law ; and the tippees themselves would also be subject to the disclose or abstain rule ( ie .
texas gulf sulphur , as well as affirming the general [tell] or abstain principle , made it clear that the persons communicating inside information ( tippers ) to others ( tippees ) would be in breach of the law ; and the tippees themselves would also be subject to the [tell] or abstain rule ( ie .

It was clearly held that ‘ tippees ’ , here institutional investors , were subject to the abstain or disclose rule .
it was clearly held that ‘ tippees ’ , here institutional investors , were subject to the abstain or [tell] rule .

Rule 14e-3 imposes an ‘ abstain or disclose ’ requirement in the event of an offeror commencing or taking ‘ substantial steps ’ to commence a tender offer .
rule 14e-3 imposes an ‘ abstain or [tell] ’ requirement in the event of an offeror commencing or taking ‘ substantial steps ’ to commence a tender offer .

The term substantial steps is used because prior to that stage it is generally assumed that there is nothing for the offeror to disclose publicly .
the term substantial steps is used because prior to that stage it is generally assumed that there is nothing for the offeror to [tell] publicly .

Insurance Broker , Agent or local General Accident office . Failure to disclose all relevant changes may invalidate your policy or may result in your policy not operating fully.A2
insurance broker , agent or local general accident office . failure to [tell] all relevant changes may invalidate your policy or may result in your policy not operating fully.a2

in a personal injury action an employee who claimed damages for loss of earnings or impaired earning capacity had , if so requested by his employer , to disclose the general medical records of the whole of his medical history to his employers ' medical advisers .
in a personal injury action an employee who claimed damages for loss of earnings or impaired earning capacity had , if so requested by his employer , to [tell] the general medical records of the whole of his medical history to his employers ' medical advisers .

The proposal form should be checked to see if the Policyholder disclosed the illness/injury or if the complaint first occurred after inception of the policy , did the Policyholder disclose this at the appropriate renewal date .
the proposal form should be checked to see if the policyholder disclosed the illness/injury or if the complaint first occurred after inception of the policy , did the policyholder [tell] this at the appropriate renewal date .

Future advances in technology may disclose other , more sensitive markers of cell proliferation whose predictive accuracy is greater .
future advances in technology may [tell] other , more sensitive markers of cell proliferation whose predictive accuracy is greater .

According to Hors , the new law will aggravate this situation , as these institutions will regularly force general practitioners to disclose information .
according to hors , the new law will aggravate this situation , as these institutions will regularly force general practitioners to [tell] information .

To enable readers to understand its financial statements properly , a company must disclose its accounting policies .
to enable readers to understand its financial statements properly , a company must [tell] its accounting policies .

The Commission announced in October that as from early 1990 banks would be obliged to report the use of these reserves to cover an annual loss , and to disclose any allocations to profits above a certain level .
the commission announced in october that as from early 1990 banks would be obliged to report the use of these reserves to cover an annual loss , and to [tell] any allocations to profits above a certain level .

Also , as the claim of executive privilege involved constitutional issues , Greene ordered Poindexter 's lawyers to disclose their defence strategy for the forthcoming trial to Reagan and the Justice Department so that they could decide whether to proceed with their objections .
also , as the claim of executive privilege involved constitutional issues , greene ordered poindexter 's lawyers to [tell] their defence strategy for the forthcoming trial to reagan and the justice department so that they could decide whether to proceed with their objections .

It may be inadvisable to disclose some information in the information memorandum such as the names of major customers and suppliers in the analyses of sales and purchases .
it may be inadvisable to [tell] some information in the information memorandum such as the names of major customers and suppliers in the analyses of sales and purchases .

In practical terms the disclose letter should be released on a piecemeal draft basis as negotiations proceed .
in practical terms the [tell] letter should be released on a piecemeal draft basis as negotiations proceed .

knows or has reasonable cause to believe that because of the insider 's connection and position it would be reasonable to expect the person in his position not to disclose the information except in the proper performance of his duties ; and
knows or has reasonable cause to believe that because of the insider 's connection and position it would be reasonable to expect the person in his position not to [tell] the information except in the proper performance of his duties ; and

Contact vendor or partner representing the vendor and disclose the name and other details .
contact vendor or partner representing the vendor and [tell] the name and other details .

We are obliged to disclose the name of our client and such other relevant details concerning his business .
we are obliged to [tell] the name of our client and such other relevant details concerning his business .

In order to restrict the circulation of information memoranda , we require recipients of the memorandum to supply us with a letter confirming that they will treat the information contained therein as strictly private and confidential and will not disclose or otherwise make it available to third party .
in order to restrict the circulation of information memoranda , we require recipients of the memorandum to supply us with a letter confirming that they will treat the information contained therein as strictly private and confidential and will not [tell] or otherwise make it available to third party .

You shall not be deemed to be in breach of this Agreement if you are compelled by law or any regulatory authority to disclose the Information or any part thereof .
you shall not be deemed to be in breach of this agreement if you are compelled by law or any regulatory authority to [tell] the information or any part thereof .

Not at any time disclose or otherwise make available to any third party without your prior consent any of the information other than :
not at any time [tell] or otherwise make available to any third party without your prior consent any of the information other than :

This undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are required by law to disclose or which is in or hereafter enters the public domain otherwise than through our default .
this undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are required by law to [tell] or which is in or hereafter enters the public domain otherwise than through our default .

Not at any time disclose or otherwise make available to any third party without your prior consent any of the information other than :
not at any time [tell] or otherwise make available to any third party without your prior consent any of the information other than :

This undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are required by law to disclose or which is in or hereafter enters the public domain otherwise than through our default .
this undertaking shall not apply to any information which we are required by law to [tell] or which is in or hereafter enters the public domain otherwise than through our default .

That we will keep all information of a confidential nature about [ ] Plc and [ ] Plc 's business and financial affairs which come to our knowledge during negotiations for the sale of the Shares to you confidential and accordingly we will not disclose any such information to any person or use any such information other than wholly in connection with such negotiations except to the extent that it is , already when we receive such information , or becomes thereafter , public knowledge through no fault of any of us .
that we will keep all information of a confidential nature about [ ] plc and [ ] plc 's business and financial affairs which come to our knowledge during negotiations for the sale of the shares to you confidential and accordingly we will not [tell] any such information to any person or use any such information other than wholly in connection with such negotiations except to the extent that it is , already when we receive such information , or becomes thereafter , public knowledge through no fault of any of us .

The Purchaser can only see what the Vendor makes available : it may not disclose everything .
the purchaser can only see what the vendor makes available : it may not [tell] everything .

The Vendor ought to act in good faith and disclose any such matters .
the vendor ought to act in good faith and [tell] any such matters .

All the Vendor can do is disclose the latest management accounts of the Business and leave the Purchaser to judge the position for himself .
all the vendor can do is [tell] the latest management accounts of the business and leave the purchaser to judge the position for himself .

The Vendor can not say whether any contracts contain a provision which ‘ might reasonably be regarded as material for disclose to a purchase of the value of the Business ’ .
the vendor can not say whether any contracts contain a provision which ‘ might reasonably be regarded as material for [tell] to a purchase of the value of the business ’ .

However , there is no general requirement to disclose information about a property , it only states what is said must be true .
however , there is no general requirement to [tell] information about a property , it only states what is said must be true .

Commission — many financial advisers earn large sums in commission , not all of which they are obliged to disclose .
commission — many financial advisers earn large sums in commission , not all of which they are obliged to [tell] .

The Securities and Investments Board 's Conduct of Business Rules sets a lower standard and allow agents to keep commission , though they are required to disclose the fact that it has been received .
the securities and investments board 's conduct of business rules sets a lower standard and allow agents to keep commission , though they are required to [tell] the fact that it has been received .

It has another , a duty of confidence , not to disclose information about its ailing customer .
it has another , a duty of confidence , not to [tell] information about its ailing customer .

It is true that in the law relating to misrepresentation , the seller can not be liable for failing to disclose defects in the goods but only for any actual statements made by him or his agents .
it is true that in the law relating to misrepresentation , the seller can not be liable for failing to [tell] defects in the goods but only for any actual statements made by him or his agents .

In short , inveighing against hierarchy is rhetoric : both the logic of efficiency and the historical evidence disclose that non-hierarchical modes are mainly of ephemeral duration .
in short , inveighing against hierarchy is rhetoric : both the logic of efficiency and the historical evidence [tell] that non-hierarchical modes are mainly of ephemeral duration .

Whatever the crux of their disagreement she was not about to disclose it .
whatever the crux of their disagreement she was not about to [tell] it .

Sid came to me , ’ admitted Auguste , as though honour-bound to disclose all relevant information , ‘ on the recommendation of Mr Higgins .
sid came to me , ’ admitted auguste , as though honour-bound to [tell] all relevant information , ‘ on the recommendation of mr higgins .

In any management group its members have to disclose themselves .
in any management group its members have to [tell] themselves .

The foundations of interviewing lie in the mundane observation that individuals can report on what they feel , are , have , tell others about their lives , disclose what their hopes and fears are , offer their opinions , state what they believe in , say what they did last week , how much they spend on food , who they see regularly , and so on ; in short , they can impart masses of information about themselves .
the foundations of interviewing lie in the mundane observation that individuals can report on what they feel , are , have , tell others about their lives , [tell] what their hopes and fears are , offer their opinions , state what they believe in , say what they did last week , how much they spend on food , who they see regularly , and so on ; in short , they can impart masses of information about themselves .

The Supreme Court ruled on Feb. 20 by seven to two that parents suspected of child abuse could be imprisoned indefinitely for refusing to disclose the whereabouts of their children .
the supreme court ruled on feb. 20 by seven to two that parents suspected of child abuse could be imprisoned indefinitely for refusing to [tell] the whereabouts of their children .

The Senate ethics committee rebuked Senator Mark Hatfield ( Rep. , Oregon ) on Aug. 12 for " improper conduct " in accepting and failing to disclose gifts and travel expenses from a former university president who had sought Hatfield 's assistance support in gaining a government grant .
the senate ethics committee rebuked senator mark hatfield ( rep. , oregon ) on aug. 12 for " improper conduct " in accepting and failing to [tell] gifts and travel expenses from a former university president who had sought hatfield 's assistance support in gaining a government grant .

The president of Nomura , Setsuya Tabuchi — who resigned his position on July 22 — declared that he would not publicly disclose the names of such clients , a stance endorsed by his counterparts in the other securities houses .
the president of nomura , setsuya tabuchi — who resigned his position on july 22 — declared that he would not publicly [tell] the names of such clients , a stance endorsed by his counterparts in the other securities houses .

He declared that prison officers , staff at the Director of Public Prosecution 's office , government scientists and junior members of the prosecution team were guilty of dereliction of duty for failing to disclose evidence .
he declared that prison officers , staff at the director of public prosecution 's office , government scientists and junior members of the prosecution team were guilty of dereliction of duty for failing to [tell] evidence .

Guidelines were introduced by the then Prime Minister , Geoffrey Palmer , with effect from June 1 , 1990 , under which Cabinet ministers , ministers outside the Cabinet and parliamentary under-secretaries were required to disclose their financial interests within four weeks of taking office and annually thereafter .
guidelines were introduced by the then prime minister , geoffrey palmer , with effect from june 1 , 1990 , under which cabinet ministers , ministers outside the cabinet and parliamentary under-secretaries were required to [tell] their financial interests within four weeks of taking office and annually thereafter .

In the increasingly murky circumstances surrounding the trial , two senior Conservative Party officials were subpoenaed on Feb. 19 to appear before a magistrate after refusing to disclose the sources of their allegation that Mekgwe had been kidnapped by the state intelligence service .
in the increasingly murky circumstances surrounding the trial , two senior conservative party officials were subpoenaed on feb. 19 to appear before a magistrate after refusing to [tell] the sources of their allegation that mekgwe had been kidnapped by the state intelligence service .

The major modification was that where the judge thought that disclosure of a particular risk was obviously necessary but it was not medical pactice to disclose , then following standard practice would not avoid liability .
the major modification was that where the judge thought that disclosure of a particular risk was obviously necessary but it was not medical pactice to [tell] , then following standard practice would not avoid liability .

If medical practice was not to disclose the risk , then a court would probably declare practice to be wrong .
if medical practice was not to [tell] the risk , then a court would probably declare practice to be wrong .

( 2 ) Where a member fails to disclose or furnish any information , document or other matter which he is required to disclose or furnish to the Company under Article 6 the Directors may resolve that no vote shall be tendered or accepted in respect of any share held by or for him until the member shall have disclosed or furnished the information , document or other matter required .
( 2 ) where a member fails to [tell] or furnish any information , document or other matter which he is required to [tell] or furnish to the company under article 6 the directors may resolve that no vote shall be tendered or accepted in respect of any share held by or for him until the member shall have disclosed or furnished the information , document or other matter required .

( 2 ) Where a member fails to disclose or furnish any information , document or other matter which he is required to disclose or furnish to the Company under Article 6 the Directors may resolve that no vote shall be tendered or accepted in respect of any share held by or for him until the member shall have disclosed or furnished the information , document or other matter required .
( 2 ) where a member fails to [tell] or furnish any information , document or other matter which he is required to [tell] or furnish to the company under article 6 the directors may resolve that no vote shall be tendered or accepted in respect of any share held by or for him until the member shall have disclosed or furnished the information , document or other matter required .

Disclose immediately and fully to an employer any interest which conflicts with those of the employer .
[tell] immediately and fully to an employer any interest which conflicts with those of the employer .

Dickson reveals that the Coniston Mine was being managed in a similar manner though fails to disclose who the operators were .
dickson reveals that the coniston mine was being managed in a similar manner though fails to [tell] who the operators were .

It also provides poorly for origins of the workers … 116 are shown coming from outside the county , which was Lancashire : 106 are from the county , but this does not disclose which were from the district around Coniston .
it also provides poorly for origins of the workers … 116 are shown coming from outside the county , which was lancashire : 106 are from the county , but this does not [tell] which were from the district around coniston .

Others emerged from the observations of medical practice and from the demographic research that , at least from the turn of the century , endeavoured to disclose those conditions of childbearing that are the most and least detrimental to the health of mothers and their offspring .
others emerged from the observations of medical practice and from the demographic research that , at least from the turn of the century , endeavoured to [tell] those conditions of childbearing that are the most and least detrimental to the health of mothers and their offspring .

Never discuss a case with an unqualified person , do not disclose information pertaining to the subject you have treated , that subject is the object of someone 's affection , and whatever steps have to be taken to ensure preservation , that is your job .
never discuss a case with an unqualified person , do not [tell] information pertaining to the subject you have treated , that subject is the object of someone 's affection , and whatever steps have to be taken to ensure preservation , that is your job .

To treat the Christian story in this way was to produce the phenomenon of Gnosticism in which a claim to disclose secret revelation is combined with a mixing of myths and rites drawn from a variety of religious traditions .
to treat the christian story in this way was to produce the phenomenon of gnosticism in which a claim to [tell] secret revelation is combined with a mixing of myths and rites drawn from a variety of religious traditions .

Congresses and committees did not scrutinize military funding and expenditure , and they had little opportunity to discuss military actions : the government did not announce the ventures in Chad and Uganda ; nor did they disclose training given to Chaddian , Palestinian and perhaps other freedom-fighters ( Tunisian , for example ) .
congresses and committees did not scrutinize military funding and expenditure , and they had little opportunity to discuss military actions : the government did not announce the ventures in chad and uganda ; nor did they [tell] training given to chaddian , palestinian and perhaps other freedom-fighters ( tunisian , for example ) .

However it was not necessary to disclose to whom they had been sold or where the cash had gone .
however it was not necessary to [tell] to whom they had been sold or where the cash had gone .

His decision at the outset of the election campaign to disclose his Budget plans drew intense Conservative fire and reinforced Labour 's reputation as a high-taxation party .
his decision at the outset of the election campaign to [tell] his budget plans drew intense conservative fire and reinforced labour 's reputation as a high-taxation party .

The argument is over a 3.4 % stake that it has been forced to disclose in Jardine Matheson Holdings itself .
the argument is over a 3.4 % stake that it has been forced to [tell] in jardine matheson holdings itself .

With this aim in view , he makes explicit that what the sceptics deny is the possibility of knowledge of ‘ the inner nature of things … what the things are in themselves ’ ; when they say that there is no criterion of truth , ‘ they are not speaking of what things appear to be and of what is revealed by the senses … but of what things are in themselves , which is so hidden that no criterion can disclose it ’ .
with this aim in view , he makes explicit that what the sceptics deny is the possibility of knowledge of ‘ the inner nature of things … what the things are in themselves ’ ; when they say that there is no criterion of truth , ‘ they are not speaking of what things appear to be and of what is revealed by the senses … but of what things are in themselves , which is so hidden that no criterion can [tell] it ’ .

His own statements , supported by his brothers ' , disclose a resilient , self-reliant nature counterbalancing his sensitive response to the natural world .
his own statements , supported by his brothers ' , [tell] a resilient , self-reliant nature counterbalancing his sensitive response to the natural world .

They may disclose only their name , rank , date of birth and serial number ‘ or equivalent ’ ; if bullied , their best technique is to send up the unseen questioner .
they may [tell] only their name , rank , date of birth and serial number ‘ or equivalent ’ ; if bullied , their best technique is to send up the unseen questioner .

He recently vexed rumour-mongers , who bet on a bid for Midland sooner rather than later , by declining to disclose Hongkong Bank 's inner reserves when the bank reported its 1989 results on March 13th .
he recently vexed rumour-mongers , who bet on a bid for midland sooner rather than later , by declining to [tell] hongkong bank 's inner reserves when the bank reported its 1989 results on march 13th .

Mrs Shapland did not wish to disclose how much she received but was clearly not unhappy .
mrs shapland did not wish to [tell] how much she received but was clearly not unhappy .

Each force is to be asked to disclose the names of its informants .
each force is to be asked to [tell] the names of its informants .

New rules forcing all unit trust companies to disclose clearly their charges would also increase competition on prices and — with the introduction of exit charges — encourage longer term saving rather than speculation .
new rules forcing all unit trust companies to [tell] clearly their charges would also increase competition on prices and — with the introduction of exit charges — encourage longer term saving rather than speculation .

You have a choice of whether or not to disclose our involvement .
you have a choice of whether or not to [tell] our involvement .

‘ Openness must be central to the policing of a democratic and pluralist society , ’ he said : all too often , the police had retreated behind ‘ one of many walls of silence , ’ giving one of a series of stock excuses to the press and public for refusing to disclose information .
‘ openness must be central to the policing of a democratic and pluralist society , ’ he said : all too often , the police had retreated behind ‘ one of many walls of silence , ’ giving one of a series of stock excuses to the press and public for refusing to [tell] information .

Mr Brown refused to say how the papers had been shown to him or to disclose their further contents .
mr brown refused to say how the papers had been shown to him or to [tell] their further contents .

’ The excess to which some have pointed may well disclose the absence of something crucial , but for that we must defer judgment .
’ the excess to which some have pointed may well [tell] the absence of something crucial , but for that we must defer judgment .

It is in these ways that The Roaring Girl begins to disclose how , because of the complex connections between sexuality , gender , and class , and specifically between sexual and economic exploitation , economic and political anxieties can be displaced into the domain of the sexual and conversely , the sexual comes to possess enormous signifying power ( though very different from that attributed to sexuality by the radical humanist ) .
it is in these ways that the roaring girl begins to [tell] how , because of the complex connections between sexuality , gender , and class , and specifically between sexual and economic exploitation , economic and political anxieties can be displaced into the domain of the sexual and conversely , the sexual comes to possess enormous signifying power ( though very different from that attributed to sexuality by the radical humanist ) .

However , he did disclose that the money will be used to finance biographies of royals and politicians like Prince Albert and Lloyd George .
however , he did [tell] that the money will be used to finance biographies of royals and politicians like prince albert and lloyd george .

She did not intend to disclose such information to Suzie ; defence by denial was a strategy she already operated well .
she did not intend to [tell] such information to suzie ; defence by denial was a strategy she already operated well .

The leitmotifs for Giselle created by Adam and Perrot can be said to disclose her emotional development .
the leitmotifs for giselle created by adam and perrot can be said to [tell] her emotional development .

The style must disclose and be expressive of the moods , emotions and actions of the roles played even where few personal feelings are allowed to show , as in such ballets as Ashton 's Monotones where all that is needed is a calm , unhurried and seemingly endless weaving of the dance design in all its dimensions .
the style must [tell] and be expressive of the moods , emotions and actions of the roles played even where few personal feelings are allowed to show , as in such ballets as ashton 's monotones where all that is needed is a calm , unhurried and seemingly endless weaving of the dance design in all its dimensions .

Choreographers must then decide how many and which details they need to add to disclose the particular features of the story , theme and/or music that they wish to communicate .
choreographers must then decide how many and which details they need to add to [tell] the particular features of the story , theme and/or music that they wish to communicate .

It was for the party refusing to disclose to establish his right to refuse .
it was for the party refusing to [tell] to establish his right to refuse .

Jim Smith , the Newcastle manager , would not disclose the amount , saying : ‘ We are sending an offer in writing to Celtic today .
jim smith , the newcastle manager , would not [tell] the amount , saying : ‘ we are sending an offer in writing to celtic today .

It also required them to disclose any commissions they earn to the client — guaranteeing a more difficult sale .
it also required them to [tell] any commissions they earn to the client — guaranteeing a more difficult sale .

Rejecting Morgan Grampian 's appeal earlier , Lord Donaldson , Master of the Rolls , said he ‘ most emphatically ’ refused to grant a stay on the contempt proceedings because Mr Goodwin was not prepared to comply with any order to disclose his notes .
rejecting morgan grampian 's appeal earlier , lord donaldson , master of the rolls , said he ‘ most emphatically ’ refused to grant a stay on the contempt proceedings because mr goodwin was not prepared to comply with any order to [tell] his notes .

In America a journalist was sent to prison for refusing to disclose information which could have revealed the innocence of a person on trial , but prison would not normally be an option in a civil case .
in america a journalist was sent to prison for refusing to [tell] information which could have revealed the innocence of a person on trial , but prison would not normally be an option in a civil case .

There is no duty to disclose information provided by or on behalf of another person other than an employee of the local education authority , an education welfare officer or the person seeking disclosure .
there is no duty to [tell] information provided by or on behalf of another person other than an employee of the local education authority , an education welfare officer or the person seeking disclosure .

It is suggested that an active policy to gain consent and then disclose would be supported by the law .
it is suggested that an active policy to gain consent and then [tell] would be supported by the law .

Rather , the data user , the school or educational authority , has a right to disclose to any registered disclosee though not to anyone else .
rather , the data user , the school or educational authority , has a right to [tell] to any registered disclosee though not to anyone else .

The governors are under a duty to ensure that , on receipt of a written request , they transfer the curricular record to the head of a new school or place of education or training to which the pupil has transferred or , from September 1990 , disclose the record to one which is considering the pupil for admission .
the governors are under a duty to ensure that , on receipt of a written request , they transfer the curricular record to the head of a new school or place of education or training to which the pupil has transferred or , from september 1990 , [tell] the record to one which is considering the pupil for admission .

The general law of confidential information would impose a duty to the donors of information not to use or disclose it beyond the purposes for which it is given without consent of the donors .
the general law of confidential information would impose a duty to the donors of information not to use or [tell] it beyond the purposes for which it is given without consent of the donors .

There is a general rule that the holder may disclose information held in confidence if necessary to protect his own interests , and it may be that disclosure is justified if needed to protect someone from harm .
there is a general rule that the holder may [tell] information held in confidence if necessary to protect his own interests , and it may be that disclosure is justified if needed to protect someone from harm .

From this point , a walk west-north-west across the open moor should disclose the entrance in a green hollow : it should be identified exactly ( see photograph ) , there being other less welcoming openings nearby .
from this point , a walk west-north-west across the open moor should [tell] the entrance in a green hollow : it should be identified exactly ( see photograph ) , there being other less welcoming openings nearby .

To disclose whether or not a warrant has been issued in a particular case could establish means whereby those involved in serious crimes or espionage or subversion could learn the extent to which their activities had come to notice or — perhaps more damaging — could in some cases confirm whether their activities had come to notice at all .
to [tell] whether or not a warrant has been issued in a particular case could establish means whereby those involved in serious crimes or espionage or subversion could learn the extent to which their activities had come to notice or — perhaps more damaging — could in some cases confirm whether their activities had come to notice at all .

It would of course be possible for a British Telecom engineer to disclose such information to the targets of the tapping .
it would of course be possible for a british telecom engineer to [tell] such information to the targets of the tapping .

The principle appears to prohibit disclosure of personal data to third parties ; in fact such disclosure is permitted either if the data user registers his intention so to disclose , or if the circumstances are covered by one of the controversial ‘ non-disclosure exemptions ’ .
the principle appears to prohibit disclosure of personal data to third parties ; in fact such disclosure is permitted either if the data user registers his intention so to [tell] , or if the circumstances are covered by one of the controversial ‘ non-disclosure exemptions ’ .

These have been described as a fraud upon the public because , even if a data user has solemnly undertaken in his registration statement not to disclose the data to any third party , he will under the Act be deemed not to have contravened the terms of his registration if he access to requests from police or tax officers pleading prejudice to their enquiries .
these have been described as a fraud upon the public because , even if a data user has solemnly undertaken in his registration statement not to [tell] the data to any third party , he will under the act be deemed not to have contravened the terms of his registration if he access to requests from police or tax officers pleading prejudice to their enquiries .

Some centres therefore decline to disclose the sex of the fetus unless the obstetrician specifically requests otherwise .
some centres therefore decline to [tell] the sex of the fetus unless the obstetrician specifically requests otherwise .

They would also remove any personal belongings which were removable and next day place them on prominent display , according to Polperro 's Quiller Couch , ‘ … to disclose the disgraceful want of vigilance supposed to characterise the owner ’ .
they would also remove any personal belongings which were removable and next day place them on prominent display , according to polperro 's quiller couch , ‘ … to [tell] the disgraceful want of vigilance supposed to characterise the owner ’ .

If any member of the council or any nominee of his is a member of a company or other body with which the contract is made or is proposed to be made , or is a partner , or is in the employment of a person with whom the contract is made , he has an indirect pecuniary interest which he should disclose .
if any member of the council or any nominee of his is a member of a company or other body with which the contract is made or is proposed to be made , or is a partner , or is in the employment of a person with whom the contract is made , he has an indirect pecuniary interest which he should [tell] .

Even after your job has clearly come to an end , you need to beware of breaking obligations that remain legally binding upon you , such as the duty not to disclose trade secrets .
even after your job has clearly come to an end , you need to beware of breaking obligations that remain legally binding upon you , such as the duty not to [tell] trade secrets .

However , there is no provision in the Disclosure Directive for permitting companies who are concerned as to who may be holding their shares ( for example , in the case of an anticipated takeover ) to require holders of voting rights to disclose their interests ; there is therefore no equivalent of a notice under Section 212 of the 1985 Companies Act , and this may prove a deficiency in the new system .
however , there is no provision in the disclosure directive for permitting companies who are concerned as to who may be holding their shares ( for example , in the case of an anticipated takeover ) to require holders of voting rights to [tell] their interests ; there is therefore no equivalent of a notice under section 212 of the 1985 companies act , and this may prove a deficiency in the new system .

The Disclosure Directive also allows competent authorities to exempt EC-listed companies from the requirement to notify the public if the disclosure would be contrary to the public interest or seriously detrimental to the company concerned ( provided that the public would not be misled ) ; this does not , however , exempt a person acquiring voting rights from having to disclose them to the company if a relevant threshold is reached .
the disclosure directive also allows competent authorities to exempt ec-listed companies from the requirement to notify the public if the disclosure would be contrary to the public interest or seriously detrimental to the company concerned ( provided that the public would not be misled ) ; this does not , however , exempt a person acquiring voting rights from having to [tell] them to the company if a relevant threshold is reached .

The Court held that the Commission is under a duty to disclose such documents to national cartel authorities and it has no discretion to choose not to do so .
the court held that the commission is under a duty to [tell] such documents to national cartel authorities and it has no discretion to choose not to do so .

However , both the Commission and national authorities are bound not to disclose any business secrets and therefore the recipient of any such document could not pass it on to any other national authority or use it otherwise than for the investigation in hand .
however , both the commission and national authorities are bound not to [tell] any business secrets and therefore the recipient of any such document could not pass it on to any other national authority or use it otherwise than for the investigation in hand .

The offeror may then issue its offer document , which must disclose all information necessary to enable the addressees to reach a properly informed decision on the bid .
the offeror may then issue its offer document , which must [tell] all information necessary to enable the addressees to reach a properly informed decision on the bid .

The proposed rules will require the non-weapons powers to disclose how much uranium they buy .
the proposed rules will require the non-weapons powers to [tell] how much uranium they buy .

Any enquiry into the causes of the failures of the Christian religion , must disclose that the existence of the two great divisions and of the numerous minor ones , is not the main issue , and not the cause of the failure of the religion to establish itself as wholly acceptable to all mankind .
any enquiry into the causes of the failures of the christian religion , must [tell] that the existence of the two great divisions and of the numerous minor ones , is not the main issue , and not the cause of the failure of the religion to establish itself as wholly acceptable to all mankind .

Apart from deep psychiatry and hypnosis which can sometimes disclose these events and thus heal them , the only way to overcome these fears is to expand the adult part of our mind and tune out the child and the parent as much as we can .
apart from deep psychiatry and hypnosis which can sometimes [tell] these events and thus heal them , the only way to overcome these fears is to expand the adult part of our mind and tune out the child and the parent as much as we can .

On 13 May 1917 , three young shepherds claimed they saw a series of miraculous visions of the Virgin Mary — said to disclose three secrets , or prophecies , to the children — followed by a solar phenomenon witnessed by thousands in October of the same year .
on 13 may 1917 , three young shepherds claimed they saw a series of miraculous visions of the virgin mary — said to [tell] three secrets , or prophecies , to the children — followed by a solar phenomenon witnessed by thousands in october of the same year .

Though he would not disclose specific ideas on implementing debt relief in order to make public law a viable option for young attorneys , he added , `` It 's an enormous problem . ''
though he would not [tell] specific ideas on implementing debt relief in order to make public law a viable option for young attorneys , he added , `` it 's an enormous problem . ''

Erlenborn , a former member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the Chicago area , did not disclose how big the state 's hit would be but issued a statement Thursday pointing out that only four states would lose more federal money than Illinois in 2003 .
erlenborn , a former member of the u.s. house of representatives from the chicago area , did not [tell] how big the state 's hit would be but issued a statement thursday pointing out that only four states would lose more federal money than illinois in 2003 .

The Treasury requires departments to disclose instances of irregular expenditures arising from erroneous benefit awards and fraud by claimants .
the treasury requires departments to [tell] instances of irregular expenditures arising from erroneous benefit awards and fraud by claimants .

However , despite the enormous dependence on electronic information and systems , audits continue to disclose serious information security weaknesses .
however , despite the enormous dependence on electronic information and systems , audits continue to [tell] serious information security weaknesses .

For example , users may accidentally disclose sensitive information to a large audience through electronic mail or introduce damaging viruses that are subsequently transmitted to the organizations entire network of computers .
for example , users may accidentally [tell] sensitive information to a large audience through electronic mail or introduce damaging viruses that are subsequently transmitted to the organizations entire network of computers .

Therefore , you are conforming to GAGAS as long as , in reporting , you discuss what you did to assess the data ; disclose any data concerns ; and reach a judgment about the reliability of the data for use in the report .
therefore , you are conforming to gagas as long as , in reporting , you discuss what you did to assess the data ; [tell] any data concerns ; and reach a judgment about the reliability of the data for use in the report .

For example , the basic level of reporting would include performance and risk data , an industry layer could include benchmarking information , and a company specific layer could include information management feels it is appropriate to disclose that is not contained in other layers of reporting .
for example , the basic level of reporting would include performance and risk data , an industry layer could include benchmarking information , and a company specific layer could include information management feels it is appropriate to [tell] that is not contained in other layers of reporting .

GAO Response Regarding those agencies that did not disclose the type of signature in their proposals , we pointed out that the degree to which data on electronic vouchers are secured depends upon the type of automated signature used .
gao response regarding those agencies that did not [tell] the type of signature in their proposals , we pointed out that the degree to which data on electronic vouchers are secured depends upon the type of automated signature used .

Notification of Ongoing Work For ongoing work -- except for classified work and investigations -- GAO will disclose , if asked ( e.g. , by Members , congressional staff , agencies , or the press ) , the source of the request and the project 's objectives , scope , and methodology .
notification of ongoing work for ongoing work -- except for classified work and investigations -- gao will [tell] , if asked ( e.g. , by members , congressional staff , agencies , or the press ) , the source of the request and the project 's objectives , scope , and methodology .

However , audit organizations are encouraged to establish policies for maintaining the quality of this type of work , and may wish to disclose in any product resulting from this work , any other professional standards followed and the quality control steps taken .
however , audit organizations are encouraged to establish policies for maintaining the quality of this type of work , and may wish to [tell] in any product resulting from this work , any other professional standards followed and the quality control steps taken .

In these situations , the auditors should disclose in the scope section of the report the applicable standard that was not followed , the reasons therefore , and how not following the standard affected , or could have affected , the results of the audit .
in these situations , the auditors should [tell] in the scope section of the report the applicable standard that was not followed , the reasons therefore , and how not following the standard affected , or could have affected , the results of the audit .

Thus , when auditors disclose matters that have led them to conclude that an illegal act is likely to have occurred , they should not imply that they have made a determination of illegality .
thus , when auditors [tell] matters that have led them to conclude that an illegal act is likely to have occurred , they should not imply that they have made a determination of illegality .

In these situations , the auditors should disclose in the scope section of the report the applicable standard that was not followed , the GAO-02-340G Government Auditing Standards Exposure Draft reasons therefore , and how not following the standard affected , or could have affected , the results of the attestation engagement .
in these situations , the auditors should [tell] in the scope section of the report the applicable standard that was not followed , the gao-02-340g government auditing standards exposure draft reasons therefore , and how not following the standard affected , or could have affected , the results of the attestation engagement .

Reporting on Internal Control and on Fraud , Illegal Acts , and Other Noncompliance 6.28 An additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS is : The report on an attestation engagement should disclose deficiencies in internal control , including internal control over compliance with laws and regulations , that are material to the subject matter or assertion .
reporting on internal control and on fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance 6.28 an additional reporting standard for attestation engagements performed in accordance with gagas is : the report on an attestation engagement should [tell] deficiencies in internal control , including internal control over compliance with laws and regulations , that are material to the subject matter or assertion .

Accordingly , auditors should also disclose in the report on the attestation engagement instances of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance that are material to the subject matter or the assertion .
accordingly , auditors should also [tell] in the report on the attestation engagement instances of fraud , illegal acts , or other noncompliance that are material to the subject matter or the assertion .

Thus , when auditors disclose matters that have led them to conclude that an illegal act is likely to have occurred , they should not imply that they have made a determination of illegality .
thus , when auditors [tell] matters that have led them to conclude that an illegal act is likely to have occurred , they should not imply that they have made a determination of illegality .

Thus , when auditors disclose matters that have led them to conclude that an illegal act is likely to have occurred , they should take care not to imply that they have made a determination of illegality .
thus , when auditors [tell] matters that have led them to conclude that an illegal act is likely to have occurred , they should take care not to imply that they have made a determination of illegality .

However , despite the enormous dependence on electronic information and systems , audits continue to disclose serious information security weaknesses .
however , despite the enormous dependence on electronic information and systems , audits continue to [tell] serious information security weaknesses .

For example , users may accidentally disclose sensitive information to a large audience through electronic mail or introduce damaging viruses that are subsequently transmitted to the organizations entire network of computers .
for example , users may accidentally [tell] sensitive information to a large audience through electronic mail or introduce damaging viruses that are subsequently transmitted to the organizations entire network of computers .

Trust was critical to overcome members ' reluctance to disclose their weaknesses , vulnerabilities , and other confidential or proprietary business information to other members-some of whom were business competitors .
trust was critical to overcome members ' reluctance to [tell] their weaknesses , vulnerabilities , and other confidential or proprietary business information to other members-some of whom were business competitors .

Before disseminating information on the vulnerability to its constituent members , the information-sharing organization worked with the company to develop a message that would provide the needed vulnerability information but not disclose sensitive details .
before disseminating information on the vulnerability to its constituent members , the information-sharing organization worked with the company to develop a message that would provide the needed vulnerability information but not [tell] sensitive details .

The employee and/or timekeeper should promptly disclose any discrepancies to the supervisor .
the employee and/or timekeeper should promptly [tell] any discrepancies to the supervisor .

In addition , the agency 's risk assessment process ( as called for in the OMB guidance14 ) should disclose the risks considered that would prevent the system from successfully complying with the criteria selected by the agency .
in addition , the agency 's risk assessment process ( as called for in the omb guidance14 ) should [tell] the risks considered that would prevent the system from successfully complying with the criteria selected by the agency .

When OSI investigations disclose potential violations of law , the information is referred to the appropriate law enforcement agency , such as the Office of Inspector General or the Department of Justice .
when osi investigations [tell] potential violations of law , the information is referred to the appropriate law enforcement agency , such as the office of inspector general or the department of justice .

The individualized statements disclose that , absent a change in the law , only a portion of the benefits estimated may be payable .
the individualized statements [tell] that , absent a change in the law , only a portion of the benefits estimated may be payable .

The operatives were taught about other kinds of attack as well , such as truck bombing , so that they would not be able to disclose the exact nature of their operation if they were caught .
the operatives were taught about other kinds of attack as well , such as truck bombing , so that they would not be able to [tell] the exact nature of their operation if they were caught .

Therefore , the United States should work with the international community to develop laws and an international legal regime with universal jurisdiction to enable the capture , interdiction , and prosecution of such smugglers by any state in the world where they do not disclose their activities .
therefore , the united states should work with the international community to develop laws and an international legal regime with universal jurisdiction to enable the capture , interdiction , and prosecution of such smugglers by any state in the world where they do not [tell] their activities .

Our policy of asking authors to disclose their competing interests is not , of course , foolproof .
our policy of asking authors to [tell] their competing interests is not , of course , foolproof .

The Center for Science in the Public Interest recently examined 163 articles in four scientific journals and identified at least 13 articles for which authors did not disclose relevant conflicts of interest that should have been disclosed according to the journals ' policies [ 8 ] .
the center for science in the public interest recently examined 163 articles in four scientific journals and identified at least 13 articles for which authors did not [tell] relevant conflicts of interest that should have been disclosed according to the journals ' policies [ 8 ] .

In the case of TV star Rob Lowe , there was no mandated requirement for him to disclose his link with Amgen when appearing on media shows watched by millions .
in the case of tv star rob lowe , there was no mandated requirement for him to [tell] his link with amgen when appearing on media shows watched by millions .

The media 's failure to disclose relevant conflicts of interest when covering healthcare is well established [ 5 ] .
the media 's failure to [tell] relevant conflicts of interest when covering healthcare is well established [ 5 ] .

The African is in the best position properly to discuss and disclose the psychological background of tribal customs , such as irua , etc. , and he should be given the opportunity to acquire the scientific training which will enable him to do so .
the african is in the best position properly to discuss and [tell] the psychological background of tribal customs , such as irua , etc. , and he should be given the opportunity to acquire the scientific training which will enable him to do so .

All papers note , however , that the new evidence does more to disclose the details we 've all been wondering about than to substantively change the investigation .
all papers note , however , that the new evidence does more to [tell] the details we 've all been wondering about than to substantively change the investigation .

Rubin 's suggestions , described by the Post , include a middle path : require hedge funds to disclose more about their activities .
rubin 's suggestions , described by the post , include a middle path : require hedge funds to [tell] more about their activities .

The back pages of the Post also disclose that a just-released independent counsel 's report found that high-ranking government officials committed a `` monumental and calculated abuse of the public trust . ''
the back pages of the post also [tell] that a just-released independent counsel 's report found that high-ranking government officials committed a `` monumental and calculated abuse of the public trust . ''

Although the hijackers slit the throat of one passenger in private , they did not disclose this murder to the other passengers , who at times joked and conversed with their captors .
although the hijackers slit the throat of one passenger in private , they did not [tell] this murder to the other passengers , who at times joked and conversed with their captors .

The resignation was also provoked by House Republicans angry at Livingston for failing to disclose his infidelities when he ran for speaker .
the resignation was also provoked by house republicans angry at livingston for failing to [tell] his infidelities when he ran for speaker .

One is that it now apparently is not enough to disclose the sources of the information in a story ; Brill also should have disclosed `` [ h ] ow , and with whose input , [ he chose ] to focus his investigation on Starr 's manipulation of the press rather than Clinton 's ? ''
one is that it now apparently is not enough to [tell] the sources of the information in a story ; brill also should have disclosed `` [ h ] ow , and with whose input , [ he chose ] to focus his investigation on starr 's manipulation of the press rather than clinton 's ? ''

If that is the new rule , why did n't Saletan disclose in his article how , and with whose input , he chose to focus on Brill .
if that is the new rule , why did n't saletan [tell] in his article how , and with whose input , he chose to focus on brill .

Should someone who starts a site stating his views have to disclose where his money comes from in the way someone who buys a newspaper ad does ?
should someone who starts a site stating his views have to [tell] where his money comes from in the way someone who buys a newspaper ad does ?

The company is accused of failing to disclose all its cash reserves in order to smooth out fluctuations in its earnings .
the company is accused of failing to [tell] all its cash reserves in order to smooth out fluctuations in its earnings .

A corollary holds that no one -- including judges and prosecutors -- has a moral right to compel another person to disclose his private shameful acts .
a corollary holds that no one -- including judges and prosecutors -- has a moral right to compel another person to [tell] his private shameful acts .

When I first contacted Sprint PCS ( which is a tale in itself -- the 800-line operator , citing policy , refused to disclose the telephone number of Sprint PCS headquarters , apparently fearing that customers might try to talk to the executives whose salaries they pay ) , a spokesman , Tom Murphy , told me the case was terribly complex .
when i first contacted sprint pcs ( which is a tale in itself -- the 800-line operator , citing policy , refused to [tell] the telephone number of sprint pcs headquarters , apparently fearing that customers might try to talk to the executives whose salaries they pay ) , a spokesman , tom murphy , told me the case was terribly complex .

The guidelines suggest that pundits `` 1 ) comment only on subjects that the commentator knows first hand , by watching the trial or reading trial transcripts ; 2 ) speak as neutral experts whenever possible , and disclose potential conflicts of interest and biases ; and 3 ) refrain from scoring trials like sports events or predicting jury verdicts . ''
the guidelines suggest that pundits `` 1 ) comment only on subjects that the commentator knows first hand , by watching the trial or reading trial transcripts ; 2 ) speak as neutral experts whenever possible , and [tell] potential conflicts of interest and biases ; and 3 ) refrain from scoring trials like sports events or predicting jury verdicts . ''

George W. Bush will disclose all campaign contributions on his Web site ; he will not let major contributors post saucy photographs of themselves on a page called the `` Bare-Ass Eagle Club . ''
george w. bush will [tell] all campaign contributions on his web site ; he will not let major contributors post saucy photographs of themselves on a page called the `` bare-ass eagle club . ''

President Clinton refused to disclose details of his administration 's deliberations over Puerto Rican clemency .
president clinton refused to [tell] details of his administration 's deliberations over puerto rican clemency .

Microsoft does engage in some anti-competitive practices , such as not allowing resellers to disclose contract terms , and the Department of Justice is doing a fair job of policing such activity .
microsoft does engage in some anti-competitive practices , such as not allowing resellers to [tell] contract terms , and the department of justice is doing a fair job of policing such activity .

It was n't necessary to disclose that the `` information '' had come from Starr 's office , since his office was above reproach .
it was n't necessary to [tell] that the `` information '' had come from starr 's office , since his office was above reproach .

The Star says the Starr report will disclose that Clinton has particular ideas about the Second Coming when it depicts a sexual encounter with Lewinsky at the White House following Easter Sunday church services .
the star says the starr report will [tell] that clinton has particular ideas about the second coming when it depicts a sexual encounter with lewinsky at the white house following easter sunday church services .

The New York Times leads with the FBI 's announcement last night that its director , Louis Freeh , supports an outside investigation into the FBI 's failure to disclose the use of incendiary devices at Waco , a development nobody else fronts .
the new york times leads with the fbi 's announcement last night that its director , louis freeh , supports an outside investigation into the fbi 's failure to [tell] the use of incendiary devices at waco , a development nobody else fronts .

A much better step would be for newspapers , magazines , Web sites , TV and radio news shows , etc. , to disclose to consumers , on a regular basis , whatever non-advertising deals they have going .
a much better step would be for newspapers , magazines , web sites , tv and radio news shows , etc. , to [tell] to consumers , on a regular basis , whatever non-advertising deals they have going .

The stratagem allows both donors and political parties to spend on their pet causes without being identified ( unlike political parties , interest groups do n't have to disclose their money sources ) .
the stratagem allows both donors and political parties to spend on their pet causes without being identified ( unlike political parties , interest groups do n't have to [tell] their money sources ) .

The NYT today begins the first of two pieces on educational testing with a piece on the failure of the field 's largest company , the Educational Testing Service ( a nonprofit with an annual revenue $ 400 million ) , to get cheating under control or to disclose security problems to the test-taking public .
the nyt today begins the first of two pieces on educational testing with a piece on the failure of the field 's largest company , the educational testing service ( a nonprofit with an annual revenue $ 400 million ) , to get cheating under control or to [tell] security problems to the test-taking public .

An example Tripp gives in court papers is the unflattering New Yorker profile that revealed her teen-age grand larceny arrest and also that Tripp did n't disclose the arrest in her Pentagon security clearance form .
an example tripp gives in court papers is the unflattering new yorker profile that revealed her teen-age grand larceny arrest and also that tripp did n't [tell] the arrest in her pentagon security clearance form .

Companies continue to disclose material information to analysts before issuing press releases .
companies continue to [tell] material information to analysts before issuing press releases .

Second , in fact , there is no obligation to disclose anything .
second , in fact , there is no obligation to [tell] anything .

Let Netscape track me so long as they disclose what they are doing .
let netscape track me so long as they [tell] what they are doing .

Kohl 's refusal to name names is not illegal -- the only illegality surrounding the funds was the party 's original failure to disclose them .
kohl 's refusal to name names is not illegal -- the only illegality surrounding the funds was the party 's original failure to [tell] them .

My bet is that when the medical examiner releases his report on Jonathan Melvoin next week , it will disclose that the smashed pumpkin was drinking booze while shooting , a fatal error that pre-'50s addicts almost never made .
my bet is that when the medical examiner releases his report on jonathan melvoin next week , it will [tell] that the smashed pumpkin was drinking booze while shooting , a fatal error that pre-'50s addicts almost never made .

McCain grins again , adding , `` Ask him at least to disclose where this money is coming from . ''
mccain grins again , adding , `` ask him at least to [tell] where this money is coming from . ''

Respondents are more concerned with whether political sites can document their positions , observe privacy policies , and disclose sponsorship than with whether they provide an e-mail contact address .
respondents are more concerned with whether political sites can document their positions , observe privacy policies , and [tell] sponsorship than with whether they provide an e-mail contact address .

A generation ago , adoption agencies considered mental illness to be strictly a product of poor upbringing , and too private and unpleasant to disclose to prospective parents .
a generation ago , adoption agencies considered mental illness to be strictly a product of poor upbringing , and too private and unpleasant to [tell] to prospective parents .

A client can refuse to disclose the substance of those communications , and only in rare exceptions will the lawyer be forced to divulge the information in question .
a client can refuse to [tell] the substance of those communications , and only in rare exceptions will the lawyer be forced to divulge the information in question .

Federal Election Commission files disclose many examples of money taken illegally from foreign nationals : Japanese interests contributing to candidates in local races in Hawaii , South Americans giving to the Democratic Party of Florida , and so on .
federal election commission files [tell] many examples of money taken illegally from foreign nationals : japanese interests contributing to candidates in local races in hawaii , south americans giving to the democratic party of florida , and so on .

The other , now more common , meaning harbors an element of deviousness : Stealth candidates in state and local elections in 1992 and 1994 , for example , were Trojan stalking horses for fundamentalist Christian forces -- men and women who emphasized popular , secular conservative issues in their campaigns but failed to disclose that their candidacies had been covertly planned and energized by the religious right .
the other , now more common , meaning harbors an element of deviousness : stealth candidates in state and local elections in 1992 and 1994 , for example , were trojan stalking horses for fundamentalist christian forces -- men and women who emphasized popular , secular conservative issues in their campaigns but failed to [tell] that their candidacies had been covertly planned and energized by the religious right .

Blumenthal 's attorney tells the Post he will take `` 'appropriate action ' unless Drudge disclose [ s ] the names of his sources by today . ''
blumenthal 's attorney tells the post he will take `` 'appropriate action ' unless drudge [tell] [ s ] the names of his sources by today . ''

Henceforth , reports the Times , the company promises to disclose when publishers pay it to feature specific books .
henceforth , reports the times , the company promises to [tell] when publishers pay it to feature specific books .

The Post runs a supporting story inside about a woman advocate of jury nullification on a hung Colorado drug case jury who was later convicted of failing to disclose her own drug conviction during jury selection .
the post runs a supporting story inside about a woman advocate of jury nullification on a hung colorado drug case jury who was later convicted of failing to [tell] her own drug conviction during jury selection .

Complete studies including autopsy may occasionally fail to disclose the cause .
complete studies including autopsy may occasionally fail to [tell] the cause .

