Very early in his administration he informed the Kremlin through diplomatic channels , a high official source disclosed , that the new administration would react even tougher than the Eisenhower administration would during the formative period of the administration .
very early in his administration he informed the kremlin through diplomatic channels , a high official source [told] , that the new administration would react even tougher than the eisenhower administration would during the formative period of the administration .

Interviews with several church leaders have disclosed that this development has raised the question whether the Peace Corps will be able to prevent confusion for church and state over methods , means and goals .
interviews with several church leaders have [told] that this development has raised the question whether the peace corps will be able to prevent confusion for church and state over methods , means and goals .

This was disclosed today by a responsible source amid intensified efforts by the Soviet Union to gain a greater role in the staff and operation of the United Nations .
this was [told] today by a responsible source amid intensified efforts by the soviet union to gain a greater role in the staff and operation of the united nations .

Petitions asking for a jail term for Norristown attorney Julian W. Barnard will be presented to the Montgomery County Court Friday , it was disclosed Tuesday by Horace A. Davenport , counsel for the widow of the man killed last Nov. 1 by Barnard's hit-run car .
petitions asking for a jail term for norristown attorney julian w. barnard will be presented to the montgomery county court friday , it was [told] tuesday by horace a. davenport , counsel for the widow of the man killed last nov. 1 by barnard's hit-run car .

The navy captain disclosed also that a list of questions found in Miss Gee's purse would , if completed and handed back , have given the Kremlin a complete picture `` of our current anti-submarine effort and would have shown what we are doing in research and development for the future '' .
the navy captain [told] also that a list of questions found in miss gee's purse would , if completed and handed back , have given the kremlin a complete picture `` of our current anti-submarine effort and would have shown what we are doing in research and development for the future '' .

Another hoodlum , Louis Arger , drew $39,000 from Stein's janitor firm , the National Maintenance company , in three years ending in 1959 , Stein disclosed in an interview .
another hoodlum , louis arger , drew $39,000 from stein's janitor firm , the national maintenance company , in three years ending in 1959 , stein [told] in an interview .

Other witnesses , after appearances before the jury , which reportedly is probing into possible income tax violations , disclosed that government prosecutors were attempting to connect Stein and his company with a number of gangsters , including Glimco and Alex .
other witnesses , after appearances before the jury , which reportedly is probing into possible income tax violations , [told] that government prosecutors were attempting to connect stein and his company with a number of gangsters , including glimco and alex .

It disclosed that the builders :
it [told] that the builders :

It is now disclosed that the taxpayer not only pays for high wages , but he pays the employers' strike expenses when the latter undertakes to fight a strike .
it is now [told] that the taxpayer not only pays for high wages , but he pays the employers' strike expenses when the latter undertakes to fight a strike .

In fact , it is in just such a situation that the profundity of Bultmann's argument is disclosed .
in fact , it is in just such a situation that the profundity of bultmann's argument is [told] .

A recent survey disclosed there are about 4,000 commercially and municipally operated marinas and boatyards in the United States , the majority of which are equipped to handle outboard boats .
a recent survey [told] there are about 4,000 commercially and municipally operated marinas and boatyards in the united states , the majority of which are equipped to handle outboard boats .

An autopsy disclosed a large amount of morphine in Diane's body .
an autopsy [told] a large amount of morphine in diane's body .

Repeated polls have disclosed that most married couples are now using contraceptives in the practice of birth control .
repeated polls have [told] that most married couples are now using contraceptives in the practice of birth control .

Inside , as soon as Mr. Skopas had disclosed -- in a hoarse whisper -- the detective's errand , his family gathered in a huddle , forming a mass of dark flesh on and around a brocaded sofa which stood at one side of a baroque fireplace .
inside , as soon as mr. skopas had [told] -- in a hoarse whisper -- the detective's errand , his family gathered in a huddle , forming a mass of dark flesh on and around a brocaded sofa which stood at one side of a baroque fireplace .

The survey disclosed that in a three-week period , 309 vessels had passed through the firth and that 94 had refused to identify themselves .
the survey [told] that in a three-week period , 309 vessels had passed through the firth and that 94 had refused to identify themselves .

Mr Lee also disclosed ‘ good news ’ for Eildon 's 600 Borders tenants by announcing a maximum 3.6 per cent rent rise averaging only 95p a week .
mr lee also [told] ‘ good news ’ for eildon 's 600 borders tenants by announcing a maximum 3.6 per cent rent rise averaging only 95p a week .

Seacat Scotland 's plans were disclosed when it sent an information pack on the jobs to Barbara Fonte Garcia , of Dalbeattie , Dumfries and Galloway .
seacat scotland 's plans were [told] when it sent an information pack on the jobs to barbara fonte garcia , of dalbeattie , dumfries and galloway .

The terms were not disclosed .
the terms were not [told] .

In a surprise move , Devonport Management disclosed details of a scheme to create an oil tanker refitting facility at Rosyth providing more than 1,000 jobs .
in a surprise move , devonport management [told] details of a scheme to create an oil tanker refitting facility at rosyth providing more than 1,000 jobs .

He disclosed that electricity supplies to the compound had been turned off on Friday .
he [told] that electricity supplies to the compound had been turned off on friday .

‘ It should be recorded that whatever her failings disclosed by the evidence in this trial , she deserves to be remembered as a vivacious , caring and decent young woman . ’
‘ it should be recorded that whatever her failings [told] by the evidence in this trial , she deserves to be remembered as a vivacious , caring and decent young woman . ’

The row , which has prompted calls from some staff for both to resign , began when it was disclosed that the £140,000-a-year director general Birt had been employed as a freelance to gain tax advantages .
the row , which has prompted calls from some staff for both to resign , began when it was [told] that the £140,000-a-year director general birt had been employed as a freelance to gain tax advantages .

‘ All calls will be treated confidentially and there should be no fear at all of their identity being disclosed . ’
‘ all calls will be treated confidentially and there should be no fear at all of their identity being [told] . ’

The totals had been disclosed at a time when local authorities and others were being subjected to curbs for alleged lack of efficiency .
the totals had been [told] at a time when local authorities and others were being subjected to curbs for alleged lack of efficiency .

David McNeil , who is retiring on Friday as senior depute director of education , admitted to ‘ loose and inappropriate ’ remarks after The Scotsman disclosed that his department is being investigated by the Commission for Racial Equality .
david mcneil , who is retiring on friday as senior depute director of education , admitted to ‘ loose and inappropriate ’ remarks after the scotsman [told] that his department is being investigated by the commission for racial equality .

In letters to both John Major and Ian Lang , the Scottish Secretary , he asked for the full cost to be disclosed and expressed concern over the waste of public money .
in letters to both john major and ian lang , the scottish secretary , he asked for the full cost to be [told] and expressed concern over the waste of public money .

Mr Clinton also disclosed that he intended to offer what he called ‘ an aggressive and quite specific plan ’ of aid when the two men meet next month .
mr clinton also [told] that he intended to offer what he called ‘ an aggressive and quite specific plan ’ of aid when the two men meet next month .

Details of pits to be saved will be disclosed by British Coal , although no colliery will be firmly picked for closure until a further review is complete .
details of pits to be saved will be [told] by british coal , although no colliery will be firmly picked for closure until a further review is complete .

It said that it had been advised by its auditors , Arthur Andersen , that the problem need not be disclosed and that the director 's actions had been the result of corporate competitive pressures rather than fraud .
it said that it had been advised by its auditors , arthur andersen , that the problem need not be [told] and that the director 's actions had been the result of corporate competitive pressures rather than fraud .

The briefing disclosed that Lolani Koko , who was named in the New Zealand squad for the Hong Kong Sevens , has apparently decided to stay loyal to Western Samoa .
the briefing [told] that lolani koko , who was named in the new zealand squad for the hong kong sevens , has apparently decided to stay loyal to western samoa .

Manager ‘ Ila Tapueluelu , however , disclosed that five younger players had been drafted in for the Fiji event after a disappointing showing in a tournament in Western Samoa .
manager ‘ ila tapueluelu , however , [told] that five younger players had been drafted in for the fiji event after a disappointing showing in a tournament in western samoa .

Bill Westland , environmental projects manager for Darlington Council , disclosed the ploy to the authority 's working party on the control of dogs yesterday after announcing there were still up to 50 unregistered dangerous dogs , such as pit bull terriers and Japanese Tosas , being kept in the town .
bill westland , environmental projects manager for darlington council , [told] the ploy to the authority 's working party on the control of dogs yesterday after announcing there were still up to 50 unregistered dangerous dogs , such as pit bull terriers and japanese tosas , being kept in the town .

About 30pc of visitors to last year 's Darlington show got in without paying , it was disclosed last week .
about 30pc of visitors to last year 's darlington show got in without paying , it was [told] last week .

Whether it is much safer for the elderly , infirm and short-sighted was not disclosed .
whether it is much safer for the elderly , infirm and short-sighted was not [told] .

Last week The Northern Echo disclosed how Durham county councillors had voted to repossess the Duke Street premises in Darlington occupied by the Durlia Club .
last week the northern echo [told] how durham county councillors had voted to repossess the duke street premises in darlington occupied by the durlia club .

Mr Mellish disclosed that investigations after the incidents at Gateshead gas depot just before midnight on Tuesday and at a disused Esso oil terminal at North Shields late last night involved explosives .
mr mellish [told] that investigations after the incidents at gateshead gas depot just before midnight on tuesday and at a disused esso oil terminal at north shields late last night involved explosives .

Judge Hill has been criticised for his handling of another alleged child sex case , it was disclosed later .
judge hill has been criticised for his handling of another alleged child sex case , it was [told] later .

Bleached bodies lie beached in the full heat , revealing sights that should never be disclosed to the closest lover let alone half of Teesside .
bleached bodies lie beached in the full heat , revealing sights that should never be [told] to the closest lover let alone half of teesside .

No sum is disclosed but bankruptcy proceedings can only be brought if at least £750 is owed .
no sum is [told] but bankruptcy proceedings can only be brought if at least £750 is owed .

The police claimed the records were n't relevant to the case , but the judge ruled they should be disclosed .
the police claimed the records were n't relevant to the case , but the judge ruled they should be [told] .

Under the current rules of evidence , sensitive police information about intelligence gathering and informants has to be disclosed to the defence if the judge orders it .
under the current rules of evidence , sensitive police information about intelligence gathering and informants has to be [told] to the defence if the judge orders it .

It 's alleged he gave a different description in this interview to the one he gave to the trial and the inquiry looked into why the evidence was not disclosed to the jury .
it 's alleged he gave a different description in this interview to the one he gave to the trial and the inquiry looked into why the evidence was not [told] to the jury .

Scotland has won a bitter battle to house a new multi-million pound military centre creating 700 jobs , it was disclosed tonight .
scotland has won a bitter battle to house a new multi-million pound military centre creating 700 jobs , it was [told] tonight .

Meanwhile , two British aid workers held by Muslim forces in Bosnia after they became involved in gun-running have been released , it was disclosed today .
meanwhile , two british aid workers held by muslim forces in bosnia after they became involved in gun-running have been released , it was [told] today .

The fee for John Byrne has n't been disclosed … and the fee for goalkeeper Phil Whitehead who 's been on loan at the Manor for the past month will have to be fixed by tribunal …
the fee for john byrne has n't been [told] … and the fee for goalkeeper phil whitehead who 's been on loan at the manor for the past month will have to be fixed by tribunal …

The new Which ? survey disclosed :
the new which ? survey [told] :

The new Which ? survey disclosed :
the new which ? survey [told] :

As the princess arrived back in London , amid new rumours of a marriage rift , it was disclosed that 11-month-old Louis Lonsdale , the only son of Laura and James Lonsdale , died on Tuesday in his cot .
as the princess arrived back in london , amid new rumours of a marriage rift , it was [told] that 11-month-old louis lonsdale , the only son of laura and james lonsdale , died on tuesday in his cot .

As the princess arrived back in London , it was disclosed that 11-month-old Louis Lonsdale , the only son of Laura and James Lonsdale , died on Tuesday in his cot .
as the princess arrived back in london , it was [told] that 11-month-old louis lonsdale , the only son of laura and james lonsdale , died on tuesday in his cot .

At a recent meeting it was disclosed that £350,000 was needed — just to bring its electrics and equipment into line with the Health and Safety Act .
at a recent meeting it was [told] that £350,000 was needed — just to bring its electrics and equipment into line with the health and safety act .

In a sensational interview , Susan Barrantes also disclosed that Fergie has told her :
in a sensational interview , susan barrantes also [told] that fergie has told her :

Twelve thousand couples have had to postpone their divorces , the Solicitors Family Law Association disclosed .
twelve thousand couples have had to postpone their divorces , the solicitors family law association [told] .

The rise was disclosed by the Government 's Chief Medical Officer Dr Kenneth Calman in his annual report .
the rise was [told] by the government 's chief medical officer dr kenneth calman in his annual report .

The 28-year-old Earl Spencer 's reassuring calls were disclosed as Di visited South London 's tough Brixton area to launch a project aimed at fighting drug and alcohol abuse .
the 28-year-old earl spencer 's reassuring calls were [told] as di visited south london 's tough brixton area to launch a project aimed at fighting drug and alcohol abuse .

Yesterday it was also disclosed that glamorous Suzannah Dwyer told her devastated husband of her romance 24 hours before Bates went public with the news at a press conference .
yesterday it was also [told] that glamorous suzannah dwyer told her devastated husband of her romance 24 hours before bates went public with the news at a press conference .

Diana asked for the amount of her cheque , dated August 10 , not to be disclosed .
diana asked for the amount of her cheque , dated august 10 , not to be [told] .

Last night there was more evidence of the couple 's unhappiness when it was disclosed that they had a furious row at Balmoral shortly before the ‘ love tapes ’ were published .
last night there was more evidence of the couple 's unhappiness when it was [told] that they had a furious row at balmoral shortly before the ‘ love tapes ’ were published .

Sir , — One of your three pro-hunting correspondents who do not fancy having their names or addresses disclosed , objects to the showing of photographs of foxes dismembered by hounds , a sight that seriously disturbed her little daughter of six years old .
sir , — one of your three pro-hunting correspondents who do not fancy having their names or addresses [told] , objects to the showing of photographs of foxes dismembered by hounds , a sight that seriously disturbed her little daughter of six years old .

It is believed to have been highly critical of the way the department was operating , but again the contents of that report have never been disclosed .
it is believed to have been highly critical of the way the department was operating , but again the contents of that report have never been [told] .

The analysis of turnover by activity and geographical market has not been disclosed because the Company has only one major activity , which is carried out solely within North West England .
the analysis of turnover by activity and geographical market has not been [told] because the company has only one major activity , which is carried out solely within north west england .

Sun Microsystems Inc reports that Banco Bamerindus do Brazil with 1,400 branches , has bought more than 45 workstations and servers for use in investment trading options : terms were not disclosed .
sun microsystems inc reports that banco bamerindus do brazil with 1,400 branches , has bought more than 45 workstations and servers for use in investment trading options : terms were not [told] .

Terms were not disclosed .
terms were not [told] .

The word ‘ more ’ has its meaning disclosed through combination with terms telling one what it is of which ‘ more ’ is in question .
the word ‘ more ’ has its meaning [told] through combination with terms telling one what it is of which ‘ more ’ is in question .

Admittedly we can discern glimmerings of intelligent thought involving the location of sub-goals and the execution of sub-strategies , a grasp of ‘ causality ’ , perhaps even a grasp of the internal motivational states of others , as disclosed by their behaviour ; and some experimenters have even looked for signs of a sense of self , and even of intimation of mortality .
admittedly we can discern glimmerings of intelligent thought involving the location of sub-goals and the execution of sub-strategies , a grasp of ‘ causality ’ , perhaps even a grasp of the internal motivational states of others , as [told] by their behaviour ; and some experimenters have even looked for signs of a sense of self , and even of intimation of mortality .

He said in a letter to The Times that ministers had to leave it up to the court whether or not the documents should be disclosed .
he said in a letter to the times that ministers had to leave it up to the court whether or not the documents should be [told] .

David Murray , the club 's multi-millionaire chairman , yesterday disclosed the figure , which is almost twice the amount England were promised to win the European Championship in Sweden last summer .
david murray , the club 's multi-millionaire chairman , yesterday [told] the figure , which is almost twice the amount england were promised to win the european championship in sweden last summer .

Bristol Rovers announced an annual profit of nearly £90,000 and disclosed they have £1.3m in the bank .
bristol rovers announced an annual profit of nearly £90,000 and [told] they have £1.3m in the bank .

Legally , such capital instruments are debt and should therefore be disclosed within liabilities .
legally , such capital instruments are debt and should therefore be [told] within liabilities .

Fees paid to audit firms for non-audit work should be disclosed .
fees paid to audit firms for non-audit work should be [told] .

Comprehensive income includes the net surplus as disclosed in the statement of financial performance , revaluation gains or losses , the currency translation difference on the net investment in independent foreign operations , and other changes in reserves .
comprehensive income includes the net surplus as [told] in the statement of financial performance , revaluation gains or losses , the currency translation difference on the net investment in independent foreign operations , and other changes in reserves .

The supplementary note disclosed that over the past six years £298m goodwill arising on acquisitions has been written off to reserve .
the supplementary note [told] that over the past six years £298m goodwill arising on acquisitions has been written off to reserve .

When a thinker unravels previously unnoticed implications of a familiar idea , one seems stupid to have missed them oneself ; but anyone who discerns a similarity which runs athwart the current categories , a poet by metaphor or a scientist by a new model or paradigm , can strike us with astonishment and awe , as a genius whose spontaneous flash illuminates what no logical operation within the frame of accepted concepts could have disclosed .
when a thinker unravels previously unnoticed implications of a familiar idea , one seems stupid to have missed them oneself ; but anyone who discerns a similarity which runs athwart the current categories , a poet by metaphor or a scientist by a new model or paradigm , can strike us with astonishment and awe , as a genius whose spontaneous flash illuminates what no logical operation within the frame of accepted concepts could have [told] .

The inclusion of segmental information was very high among top 100 companies : 74 % disclosed business segments and 37 % disclosed geographical segments .
the inclusion of segmental information was very high among top 100 companies : 74 % [told] business segments and 37 % [told] geographical segments .

Where the maturity of debt is assessed by reference to that of refinancing permitted by facilities in accordance with paragraph 31 , the amounts of the debt so treated , analysed by the earliest date on which the lender could demand repayment in the absence of the facilities , should be disclosed .
where the maturity of debt is assessed by reference to that of refinancing permitted by facilities in accordance with paragraph 31 , the amounts of the debt so treated , analysed by the earliest date on which the lender could demand repayment in the absence of the facilities , should be [told] .

The amount so treated should be disclosed within the statement , and the accounting policy for determining the allocation of finance costs between revenue and capital .
the amount so treated should be [told] within the statement , and the accounting policy for determining the allocation of finance costs between revenue and capital .

Where convertible debt , non-equity interests in shareholders ' funds or non-equity interests in minority interests , are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements rather than on the face of the balance sheet ( as required by paragraphs 22 , 34 or 44 ) on the grounds that they are not material , the relevant caption on the face of the balance sheet should state that convertible debt or non-equity interests ( as the case may be ) are included .
where convertible debt , non-equity interests in shareholders ' funds or non-equity interests in minority interests , are [told] in the notes to the financial statements rather than on the face of the balance sheet ( as required by paragraphs 22 , 34 or 44 ) on the grounds that they are not material , the relevant caption on the face of the balance sheet should state that convertible debt or non-equity interests ( as the case may be ) are included .

The following should be disclosed on the face of the profit and loss account :
the following should be [told] on the face of the profit and loss account :

In respect of convertible debt , details of the date of redemption and the amount payable on redemption should be disclosed .
in respect of convertible debt , details of the date of redemption and the amount payable on redemption should be [told] .

Where the market value of a class of debt security or non-equity shares can be readily obtained , the value at the balance sheet date and the carrying value should be disclosed .
where the market value of a class of debt security or non-equity shares can be readily obtained , the value at the balance sheet date and the carrying value should be [told] .

Convertible debt should be separately disclosed .
convertible debt should be separately [told] .

Frequently recurring criticisms of the contracts are that they are of up to nine years ' duration , they contain hidden annual increases , that the costs of settling old agreements are added to the undisclosed capital value of new equipment , and that the total cost of a contract is not disclosed .
frequently recurring criticisms of the contracts are that they are of up to nine years ' duration , they contain hidden annual increases , that the costs of settling old agreements are added to the undisclosed capital value of new equipment , and that the total cost of a contract is not [told] .

Other exceptional items should be disclosed in the notes , except where disclosure in the profit and loss account is necessary to give a true and fair view .
other exceptional items should be [told] in the notes , except where disclosure in the profit and loss account is necessary to give a true and fair view .

Where there is a material difference between the result as disclosed in the profit and loss account and the result on an unmodified historical cost basis , a note of the historical cost profit or loss for the period should be presented .
where there is a material difference between the result as [told] in the profit and loss account and the result on an unmodified historical cost basis , a note of the historical cost profit or loss for the period should be presented .

He confessed to having misappropriated $ 2.2bn from the Royal Family 's portfolio and disclosed that there were unrecorded deposits of $ 570m .
he confessed to having misappropriated $ 2.2bn from the royal family 's portfolio and [told] that there were unrecorded deposits of $ 570m .

The related disclosure in that subsequent period , however , should show the results of the discontinued operation under each of the statutory format headings , with the utilisation of the provision analysed as necessary between the operating loss and the loss on sale or termination of the discontinued operation and disclosed on the face of the p & l account immediately below the relevant items .
the related disclosure in that subsequent period , however , should show the results of the discontinued operation under each of the statutory format headings , with the utilisation of the provision analysed as necessary between the operating loss and the loss on sale or termination of the discontinued operation and [told] on the face of the p & l account immediately below the relevant items .

The company then prepared accounts for the year to 31 January 1978 which disclosed a profit of £23,000 .
the company then prepared accounts for the year to 31 january 1978 which [told] a profit of £23,000 .

His warning was disclosed yesterday in what appeared to be an amazing blunder by Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd .
his warning was [told] yesterday in what appeared to be an amazing blunder by foreign secretary douglas hurd .

We disclosed that Mr Onanuga was still adamant Mr Lamont had visited his shop — and that he was backed by a fellow employee .
we [told] that mr onanuga was still adamant mr lamont had visited his shop — and that he was backed by a fellow employee .

Some companies have already voluntarily disclosed similar information .
some companies have already voluntarily [told] similar information .

It is a defence , however , if the defendant can satisfy the court that it was not known or suspected that drug trafficking was involved , or that he disclosed his knowledge or suspicion to the relevant authorities .
it is a defence , however , if the defendant can satisfy the court that it was not known or suspected that drug trafficking was involved , or that he [told] his knowledge or suspicion to the relevant authorities .

It also allows the police and Customs to permit accountants to go on acting for a client after they have disclosed suspicious activity to them .
it also allows the police and customs to permit accountants to go on acting for a client after they have [told] suspicious activity to them .

Unfortunately , unless they are exceptional or extraordinary , such figures are not currently disclosed .
unfortunately , unless they are exceptional or extraordinary , such figures are not currently [told] .

By the following day , County held over 13 % of Blue Arrow shares , split into three tranches to avoid the Companies Act requirement that holdings of more than 5 % ( since changed to 3 % ) should be disclosed .
by the following day , county held over 13 % of blue arrow shares , split into three tranches to avoid the companies act requirement that holdings of more than 5 % ( since changed to 3 % ) should be [told] .

Among the subjects the report would like to see companies publish in their annual reports are details on environmental policy ; environmental objectives ; information on action taken and the costs of passing environmental objectives ; compliance with regulations ; significant environmental risks not disclosed as contingent liabilities ; and key features of external audit reports on the enterprise 's environmental activities .
among the subjects the report would like to see companies publish in their annual reports are details on environmental policy ; environmental objectives ; information on action taken and the costs of passing environmental objectives ; compliance with regulations ; significant environmental risks not [told] as contingent liabilities ; and key features of external audit reports on the enterprise 's environmental activities .

It is not beyond the bounds of possibility that sexual abuse by women invokes more secrecy than that already disclosed .
it is not beyond the bounds of possibility that sexual abuse by women invokes more secrecy than that already [told] .

The first looks at the mixed feelings children have after they have disclosed .
the first looks at the mixed feelings children have after they have [told] .

The committee 's existence was not disclosed until last week .
the committee 's existence was not [told] until last week .

Whether they were missiles or bombs was not disclosed : what was disclosed was that they were hydrogen devices , each one in the monster megaton range , twelve to fifteen megatons .
whether they were missiles or bombs was not [told] : what was [told] was that they were hydrogen devices , each one in the monster megaton range , twelve to fifteen megatons .

Guilty secrets begin to pile up that may be disclosed to no one else at all , not even friends or family .
guilty secrets begin to pile up that may be [told] to no one else at all , not even friends or family .

The situation disclosed in these two letters is hard to disentangle .
the situation [told] in these two letters is hard to disentangle .

Singer Carol Van Dijk tries to get all mournful and bittersweet in an Edie Brickell vein , but her English-as-second-language lyrics and mellifluous mouth-full-of-marbles phrasing give each composition a fragmented , disclosed aura . None of which is helped by the unruly belches of guitar and stacks of sonic crockery which crash around her with alarming frequency …
singer carol van dijk tries to get all mournful and bittersweet in an edie brickell vein , but her english-as-second-language lyrics and mellifluous mouth-full-of-marbles phrasing give each composition a fragmented , [told] aura . none of which is helped by the unruly belches of guitar and stacks of sonic crockery which crash around her with alarming frequency …

Theology must take as its starting-point the actuality of God 's self-revelation in Jesus Christ , disclosed to us by the Holy Spirit , and set its sights and adjust its compass by that .
theology must take as its starting-point the actuality of god 's self-revelation in jesus christ , [told] to us by the holy spirit , and set its sights and adjust its compass by that .

Denton , Texas-based Scott Instruments Corp has won a development and distribution agreement with Silicon Graphics Inc for its speech recognition systems for workstations but terms were n't disclosed : speech-aware Silicon Graphics workstations , expected to be available in the second half of the year , will respond to spoken commands .
denton , texas-based scott instruments corp has won a development and distribution agreement with silicon graphics inc for its speech recognition systems for workstations but terms were n't [told] : speech-aware silicon graphics workstations , expected to be available in the second half of the year , will respond to spoken commands .

Milwaukee , Wisconsin-based Fiserv Inc is to acquire Data Line Service Co , a Covina , California-based computer services company serving more than 40 financial institutions in the state ; terms of the proposed transaction were not disclosed ; Data Line provides services to savings and loan institutions , savings banks and mortgage companies and has 250 employees with locations in Phoenix , Arizona and Dallas , Texas as well as the one in Covina .
milwaukee , wisconsin-based fiserv inc is to acquire data line service co , a covina , california-based computer services company serving more than 40 financial institutions in the state ; terms of the proposed transaction were not [told] ; data line provides services to savings and loan institutions , savings banks and mortgage companies and has 250 employees with locations in phoenix , arizona and dallas , texas as well as the one in covina .

The 1969 and 1977 surveys asked people if they supported the idea that a real rate of interest should have to be disclosed . They explained it first in these terms :
the 1969 and 1977 surveys asked people if they supported the idea that a real rate of interest should have to be [told] . they explained it first in these terms :

In the event of such disclosure will obtain from such third parties ' duly binding agreements to maintain in confidence the information to be disclosed to the same extent at least as is so bound hereunder .
in the event of such disclosure will obtain from such third parties ' duly binding agreements to maintain in confidence the information to be [told] to the same extent at least as is so bound hereunder .

The true significance of witchcraft is only disclosed when it is set within its full configuration of mystical forces ; the same applies to ancestor cults .
the true significance of witchcraft is only [told] when it is set within its full configuration of mystical forces ; the same applies to ancestor cults .

There were other cases where the name of the rape survivor was not disclosed in the first press report but a few weeks later , the name would suddenly appear in front of several million readers .
there were other cases where the name of the rape survivor was not [told] in the first press report but a few weeks later , the name would suddenly appear in front of several million readers .

One report of committal proceedings noted that ‘ the magistrate asked that the girl 's name should not be disclosed ’ .
one report of committal proceedings noted that ‘ the magistrate asked that the girl 's name should not be [told] ’ .

But at the trial at the assizes a few months later , the name and address of the girl were both disclosed .
but at the trial at the assizes a few months later , the name and address of the girl were both [told] .

Where accounting methods are changed this should be disclosed .
where accounting methods are changed this should be [told] .

’ But that is all we are told and the relative weight given to the many relevant considerations , both favourable and unfavourable , is not disclosed .
’ but that is all we are told and the relative weight given to the many relevant considerations , both favourable and unfavourable , is not [told] .

The chairman of the committee telephoned me in the late spring of 1976 to say that they were organising a series of public meetings at Wapping when the committee 's plans for the area would be disclosed to the local population for the purpose of hearing their comments and enquiries .
the chairman of the committee telephoned me in the late spring of 1976 to say that they were organising a series of public meetings at wapping when the committee 's plans for the area would be [told] to the local population for the purpose of hearing their comments and enquiries .

In one particular alone , the Scott Report disclosed that 40 million rounds of small arms ammunition had been delivered in fourteen months , which was totally inconsistent with the 15 per cent claim .
in one particular alone , the scott report [told] that 40 million rounds of small arms ammunition had been delivered in fourteen months , which was totally inconsistent with the 15 per cent claim .

He disclosed nothing of himself , but the more he talked the more convinced she became that he was not the Nazi agent in charge of their operations in Egypt .
he [told] nothing of himself , but the more he talked the more convinced she became that he was not the nazi agent in charge of their operations in egypt .

When announcing the increase in such benefits for 1981 , it disclosed its intention to increase invalidity benefit by 5 per cent less than the rise in prices .
when announcing the increase in such benefits for 1981 , it [told] its intention to increase invalidity benefit by 5 per cent less than the rise in prices .

Statements of the principles of law applicable to the problem disclosed by the facts of the case .
statements of the principles of law applicable to the problem [told] by the facts of the case .

Until that late date , the Cecils successfully opposed any move to enclose the fields , for reasons which were never fully disclosed at the time .
until that late date , the cecils successfully opposed any move to enclose the fields , for reasons which were never fully [told] at the time .

The difference between market value and book value of land should be disclosed where it is substantial and the directors think it is of significance to the members .
the difference between market value and book value of land should be [told] where it is substantial and the directors think it is of significance to the members .

The following should be separately disclosed for the investing group , showing the aggregate share of : profit before tax , tax charge , extraordinary items if material to the group 's results , net profit retained ( shown in the notes to the accounts ) .
the following should be separately [told] for the investing group , showing the aggregate share of : profit before tax , tax charge , extraordinary items if material to the group 's results , net profit retained ( shown in the notes to the accounts ) .

nature , particulars and amount of extraordinary items , with related tax to be separately disclosed ( usually in the notes )
nature , particulars and amount of extraordinary items , with related tax to be separately [told] ( usually in the notes )

The method of calculation must also be disclosed .
the method of calculation must also be [told] .

The fact that any such information has not been disclosed must be stated .
the fact that any such information has not been [told] must be stated .

Property rental income net of rates and other outgoings should be disclosed if it is a material part of total revenue .
property rental income net of rates and other outgoings should be [told] if it is a material part of total revenue .

The items have been disclosed in the notes to the accounts .
the items have been [told] in the notes to the accounts .

Hire charges for plant and machinery should be disclosed .
hire charges for plant and machinery should be [told] .

Where the company is a parent or subsidiary undertaking or where the total directors ' emoluments ( including pension contributions ) is £60,000 or more , the following should be disclosed : emoluments of chairman emoluments of highest paid director if they exceed the emoluments of the chairman the number of directors whose emoluments fall within rising bands of £5,000 .
where the company is a parent or subsidiary undertaking or where the total directors ' emoluments ( including pension contributions ) is £60,000 or more , the following should be [told] : emoluments of chairman emoluments of highest paid director if they exceed the emoluments of the chairman the number of directors whose emoluments fall within rising bands of £5,000 .

The amounts disclosed should exclude pension contributions .
the amounts [told] should exclude pension contributions .

The nature of such benefit should be disclosed .
the nature of such benefit should be [told] .

The amount includes benefits in the kind and the nature of such benefit should be disclosed .
the amount includes benefits in the kind and the nature of such benefit should be [told] .

The nature of such benefit should be disclosed .
the nature of such benefit should be [told] .

For listed companies the earnings per share on a net basis should be disclosed on the face of the profit and loss account .
for listed companies the earnings per share on a net basis should be [told] on the face of the profit and loss account .

If there is dilution of over 5% , the fully diluted earnings per share should be disclosed or the fact that it is not material should be stated .
if there is dilution of over 5% , the fully diluted earnings per share should be [told] or the fact that it is not material should be stated .

The investing group 's share of post-acquisition accumulated reserves of associated companies and any movements therein should be separately disclosed .
the investing group 's share of post-acquisition accumulated reserves of associated companies and any movements therein should be separately [told] .

The first item should be shown separately , but the other two may be disclosed in aggregate .
the first item should be shown separately , but the other two may be [told] in aggregate .

The amount of long-term contracts , at costs incurred , net of amounts transferred to cost of sales , after deducting foreseeable losses and payments on account not matched with turnover , should be classified as " long-term contract balances " and separately disclosed within stocks . Show separately :
the amount of long-term contracts , at costs incurred , net of amounts transferred to cost of sales , after deducting foreseeable losses and payments on account not matched with turnover , should be classified as " long-term contract balances " and separately [told] within stocks . show separately :

For long-term contracts the amount by which recorded turnover exceeds payments on account should be classified as " amounts recoverable on contracts " and separately disclosed within debtors .
for long-term contracts the amount by which recorded turnover exceeds payments on account should be classified as " amounts recoverable on contracts " and separately [told] within debtors .

The following should be disclosed for transactions or arrangements ( mainly loans , quasi-loans , guarantees and credit transactions ) between a group company and a director ( or connected person ) which fall within s. 330 :
the following should be [told] for transactions or arrangements ( mainly loans , quasi-loans , guarantees and credit transactions ) between a group company and a director ( or connected person ) which fall within s. 330 :

Liabilities for taxation and social security should be separately disclosed .
liabilities for taxation and social security should be separately [told] .

For long-term contracts , where any payments on account not matched with turnover , and offset against long-term contract balances should be separately disclosed under creditors as `` payments on account `` .
for long-term contracts , where any payments on account not matched with turnover , and offset against long-term contract balances should be separately [told] under creditors as `` payments on account `` .

Allotted share capital and called up share capital which has been paid up should be disclosed separately .
allotted share capital and called up share capital which has been paid up should be [told] separately .

The called up share capital disclosed in the Balance Sheet fro the group at 31st March 1990 has been presented on the basis that the 1,320,000 ordinary shares of 25p each issued on the merger with Model Manufacturing Ltd had been in issue at 31st March 1990 .
the called up share capital [told] in the balance sheet fro the group at 31st march 1990 has been presented on the basis that the 1,320,000 ordinary shares of 25p each issued on the merger with model manufacturing ltd had been in issue at 31st march 1990 .

The investing group 's share of aggregate net profits less losses retained by associated companies should be disclosed separately in the financial statements of the investing group .
the investing group 's share of aggregate net profits less losses retained by associated companies should be [told] separately in the financial statements of the investing group .

the accounting policy and , if different , the funding policy whether the pension cost and provision ( or asset ) are assessed in accordance with the advice of a professionally qualified actuary and , if so , the date of the most recent actuarial valuation or later formal review used for this purpose . If the actuary is an employee or officer of the reporting company , or of the group of which it is a member , this fact should be disclosed
the accounting policy and , if different , the funding policy whether the pension cost and provision ( or asset ) are assessed in accordance with the advice of a professionally qualified actuary and , if so , the date of the most recent actuarial valuation or later formal review used for this purpose . if the actuary is an employee or officer of the reporting company , or of the group of which it is a member , this fact should be [told]

Where a related party controls the enterprise , the existence and nature of the enterprise , together with its name , should be disclosed whether or not any transactions between the parties have taken place .
where a related party controls the enterprise , the existence and nature of the enterprise , together with its name , should be [told] whether or not any transactions between the parties have taken place .

The difference between the market value and book value of land should be disclosed where it is substantial and the directors think it is of significance to the members .
the difference between the market value and book value of land should be [told] where it is substantial and the directors think it is of significance to the members .

nature , particulars and amount of extraordinary items , with related tax to be separately disclosed ( usually in the notes )
nature , particulars and amount of extraordinary items , with related tax to be separately [told] ( usually in the notes )

The date on which the accounts were formally approved by the board should be disclosed in the accounts .
the date on which the accounts were formally approved by the board should be [told] in the accounts .

The fact that any such information has not been disclosed must be stated .
the fact that any such information has not been [told] must be stated .

The nature of such benefits should be disclosed .
the nature of such benefits should be [told] .

The nature of such benefits should be disclosed .
the nature of such benefits should be [told] .

Liabilities for taxation and social security should be separately disclosed .
liabilities for taxation and social security should be separately [told] .

There she stood , in a dove-grey suede dress , looped and hung with a dozen necklaces of amethyst and rock crystal and pearl , her thick black-grey hair piled heavily , pinned with silver , attending a party in the very house where as patient she once in many hour-long sessions had disclosed to Liz on the ground floor the very secrets of her murderous mother 's heart .
there she stood , in a dove-grey suede dress , looped and hung with a dozen necklaces of amethyst and rock crystal and pearl , her thick black-grey hair piled heavily , pinned with silver , attending a party in the very house where as patient she once in many hour-long sessions had [told] to liz on the ground floor the very secrets of her murderous mother 's heart .

The defendants applied to strike out the statement of claim of the local authority on a preliminary issue on the grounds that the authority could not maintain an action in libel for words which reflected on it in relation to its governmental and administrative functions and that the statement of claim disclosed no cause of action .
the defendants applied to strike out the statement of claim of the local authority on a preliminary issue on the grounds that the authority could not maintain an action in libel for words which reflected on it in relation to its governmental and administrative functions and that the statement of claim [told] no cause of action .

By order of Master Miller dated 2 November 1990 the following point of law was ordered to be tried as a preliminary point before the trial of the action , namely whether the council could maintain an action for libel for any words which reflected upon the council as the county council for Derbyshire in relation to its governmental and administrative functions in Derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund , and whether , if not , the statement of claim disclosed a cause of action .
by order of master miller dated 2 november 1990 the following point of law was ordered to be tried as a preliminary point before the trial of the action , namely whether the council could maintain an action for libel for any words which reflected upon the council as the county council for derbyshire in relation to its governmental and administrative functions in derbyshire , including its statutory responsibility for the investment and control of the superannuation fund , and whether , if not , the statement of claim [told] a cause of action .

The price of the deal was not disclosed .
the price of the deal was not [told] .

Written by Mae Brown , Chris Bennetts and Jane Sloan , the book came out of their different professional experiences of working with boy victims of two paedophile rings disclosed in 1990 in Cornwall .
written by mae brown , chris bennetts and jane sloan , the book came out of their different professional experiences of working with boy victims of two paedophile rings [told] in 1990 in cornwall .

The reports , made by doctors on yellow cards , is data that the committee owns and as such can be disclosed by them as they see fit .
the reports , made by doctors on yellow cards , is data that the committee owns and as such can be [told] by them as they see fit .

With the exclusion of prompted consultations for diabetic review they disclosed a high annual consultation rate for both groups ( 8.1 in the prompted group v 6.4 per year in the controls ; p=NS ) .
with the exclusion of prompted consultations for diabetic review they [told] a high annual consultation rate for both groups ( 8.1 in the prompted group v 6.4 per year in the controls ; p=ns ) .

The ensuing " false " enquiry is itself underwritten by one global assumption of both a teleological and ideological nature ; the belief that the truth of Nizan 's contingent existence is most effectively disclosed by locating the significance of his insertion within the French communist party ; that is to say , the reasons why he joined the party , the image that he created of himself and of the party whilst he was a member , and the reasons why he left the party .
the ensuing " false " enquiry is itself underwritten by one global assumption of both a teleological and ideological nature ; the belief that the truth of nizan 's contingent existence is most effectively [told] by locating the significance of his insertion within the french communist party ; that is to say , the reasons why he joined the party , the image that he created of himself and of the party whilst he was a member , and the reasons why he left the party .

Secondly , all these comments stress not a disavowal of communism , but rather a heightening of metaphysical angst once the reality of Soviet society was disclosed .
secondly , all these comments stress not a disavowal of communism , but rather a heightening of metaphysical angst once the reality of soviet society was [told] .

It masks its true intentions , it conceals the objectives that it secretly pursues : these objectives can not be disclosed .
it masks its true intentions , it conceals the objectives that it secretly pursues : these objectives can not be [told] .

The defendants sought to have the claim struck out on the ground that it disclosed no cause of action .
the defendants sought to have the claim struck out on the ground that it [told] no cause of action .

Many years ago , there was a statutory provision that , in the event of an appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeal , the trial judge could write a letter to that court which was not disclosed to the appellant .
many years ago , there was a statutory provision that , in the event of an appeal to the court of criminal appeal , the trial judge could write a letter to that court which was not [told] to the appellant .

None of this material need in my opinion be disclosed to the prisoner .
none of this material need in my opinion be [told] to the prisoner .

The court held on demurrer that the statement of claim disclosed no cause of action .
the court held on demurrer that the statement of claim [told] no cause of action .

By summons , issued on 15 March 1991 , the third , fourth and fifth defendants asked , first , for an order that the action be struck out against them on the ground that it disclosed no reasonable cause of action or , alternatively , that paragraphs 11 and 13 of the prayer be struck out .
by summons , issued on 15 march 1991 , the third , fourth and fifth defendants asked , first , for an order that the action be struck out against them on the ground that it [told] no reasonable cause of action or , alternatively , that paragraphs 11 and 13 of the prayer be struck out .

The position as to confidentiality is even clearer in the case of stockbrokers who can not be contractually bound to disclose to their private clients inside information disclosed to the brokers in confidence by a company for which they also act .
the position as to confidentiality is even clearer in the case of stockbrokers who can not be contractually bound to disclose to their private clients inside information [told] to the brokers in confidence by a company for which they also act .

It was therefore desirable in the public interest that statements made to the appropriate authority investigating a complaint against a police officer should not be liable to be produced or disclosed or referred to in any proceedings save disciplinary or criminal proceedings officially brought against the police officer in question .
it was therefore desirable in the public interest that statements made to the appropriate authority investigating a complaint against a police officer should not be liable to be produced or [told] or referred to in any proceedings save disciplinary or criminal proceedings officially brought against the police officer in question .

‘ such occasions [ when a judge may properly rule that a document ordinarily immune in the public interest should in the public interest be disclosed ] will be exceptional and the fluctuating fortunes of parties in litigious combat will rarely justify a judge in disturbing an immunity firmly rooted in the public interest .
‘ such occasions [ when a judge may properly rule that a document ordinarily immune in the public interest should in the public interest be [told] ] will be exceptional and the fluctuating fortunes of parties in litigious combat will rarely justify a judge in disturbing an immunity firmly rooted in the public interest .

Publication of the disclosed material during the recent criminal appeal hearing , even had it been total , would no more rid it of its prima facie immunity than had it been aired in disciplinary or criminal proceedings brought against the police officers concerned , the situation expressly envisaged in Makanjuola 's case .
publication of the [told] material during the recent criminal appeal hearing , even had it been total , would no more rid it of its prima facie immunity than had it been aired in disciplinary or criminal proceedings brought against the police officers concerned , the situation expressly envisaged in makanjuola 's case .

Essentially it is this : that only very exceptionally should the implied undertaking be varied to permit disclosed documents to be used for ulterior purposes , not least when the application is made by a third party and for the purposes of proceedings wholly unconnected with those in which discovery was ordered .
essentially it is this : that only very exceptionally should the implied undertaking be varied to permit [told] documents to be used for ulterior purposes , not least when the application is made by a third party and for the purposes of proceedings wholly unconnected with those in which discovery was ordered .

In accordance with general practice in Jamaica the prosecution disclosed to the defence the depositions of those witnesses taken at the committal hearing , but not their earlier statements to the police ; they did not disclose to the defence before or during the trial a statement made to the police by the deceased 's husband and two statements made by the deceased 's sister , relating to incidents not covered in their depositions , which were inconsistent with their evidence at trial .
in accordance with general practice in jamaica the prosecution [told] to the defence the depositions of those witnesses taken at the committal hearing , but not their earlier statements to the police ; they did not disclose to the defence before or during the trial a statement made to the police by the deceased 's husband and two statements made by the deceased 's sister , relating to incidents not covered in their depositions , which were inconsistent with their evidence at trial .

In this case by far the most important ground of appeal was the contention that written statements made by Zaidie and Matadial to the police and not disclosed before or during the trial had been wrongly withheld from the defendant and his advisers .
in this case by far the most important ground of appeal was the contention that written statements made by zaidie and matadial to the police and not [told] before or during the trial had been wrongly withheld from the defendant and his advisers .

Counsel 's action of course does not resolve the question whether some or all of these statements ought or ought not to have been disclosed earlier and it will now be convenient to state the accepted procedure with regard to statements , as described in the respondent 's case , and the relevant principles as set forth in the Jamaican authorities .
counsel 's action of course does not resolve the question whether some or all of these statements ought or ought not to have been [told] earlier and it will now be convenient to state the accepted procedure with regard to statements , as described in the respondent 's case , and the relevant principles as set forth in the jamaican authorities .

As already mentioned , there was another statement , the very existence of which was not disclosed by the Crown or by the witness herself . It was headed ‘ Addendum to statement of Daphne Matadial , ’ typed and signed ‘ Daphne Matadial 9 May 1987 ’ and reads :
as already mentioned , there was another statement , the very existence of which was not [told] by the crown or by the witness herself . it was headed ‘ addendum to statement of daphne matadial , ’ typed and signed ‘ daphne matadial 9 may 1987 ’ and reads :

To my mind it is clear from the terms of the third paragraph of the Crown Prosecution Service 's letter that it is accepted that the order restricts them , in any prosecution which they decide to initiate , to utilising material already obtained or other material obtained independently of that disclosed in the High Court civil proceedings .
to my mind it is clear from the terms of the third paragraph of the crown prosecution service 's letter that it is accepted that the order restricts them , in any prosecution which they decide to initiate , to utilising material already obtained or other material obtained independently of that [told] in the high court civil proceedings .

The words ‘ prevent ’ and ‘ independently ’ convey clearly to my mind that the prosecuting authorities regarded themselves as inhibited for all practical purposes from making use of material disclosed in consequence of the court order and that they felt free to pursue their own inquiries and to use material thereby discovered .
the words ‘ prevent ’ and ‘ independently ’ convey clearly to my mind that the prosecuting authorities regarded themselves as inhibited for all practical purposes from making use of material [told] in consequence of the court order and that they felt free to pursue their own inquiries and to use material thereby discovered .

By a notice of appeal dated 24 December 1991 the local authority appealed with leave of the judge on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law or misdirected himself as to the criteria to be applied to the decision whether leave should be granted in respect of an application by a former foster parent ; ( 2 ) the judge should have applied the test whether ( a ) there were quite exceptional circumstances disclosed necessitating the ousting of the local authority and the consequent discharge of the care order , and ( b ) there was a real likelihood that the applicant could persuade the court to adopt that course and ( c ) such a course was in the interests of the children ; ( 3 ) alternatively , if the judge had adopted the correct test , his exercise of his discretion had been plainly wrong in that he had failed to give any or sufficient weight to ( a ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation , ( b ) the fact that if residence orders were made the care order would be discharged , ( c ) the shared responsibility between the foster mother and the mother resulting from section 12(2) of the Act of 1989 , ( d ) the fact that the foster mother 's proper remedy was her application for judicial review , and ( e ) the wishes of the children and the mother .
by a notice of appeal dated 24 december 1991 the local authority appealed with leave of the judge on the grounds that ( 1 ) the judge had erred in law or misdirected himself as to the criteria to be applied to the decision whether leave should be granted in respect of an application by a former foster parent ; ( 2 ) the judge should have applied the test whether ( a ) there were quite exceptional circumstances [told] necessitating the ousting of the local authority and the consequent discharge of the care order , and ( b ) there was a real likelihood that the applicant could persuade the court to adopt that course and ( c ) such a course was in the interests of the children ; ( 3 ) alternatively , if the judge had adopted the correct test , his exercise of his discretion had been plainly wrong in that he had failed to give any or sufficient weight to ( a ) the disturbing effects on the children of further investigation , ( b ) the fact that if residence orders were made the care order would be discharged , ( c ) the shared responsibility between the foster mother and the mother resulting from section 12(2) of the act of 1989 , ( d ) the fact that the foster mother 's proper remedy was her application for judicial review , and ( e ) the wishes of the children and the mother .

The third matter disclosed by the additional evidence was , as the appellants claim , their lack of understanding of the legal process or the terminology of the documents involved .
the third matter [told] by the additional evidence was , as the appellants claim , their lack of understanding of the legal process or the terminology of the documents involved .

What has God disclosed ?
what has god [told] ?

It is quite enough for me to try to grasp the way in which God has disclosed himself to us .
it is quite enough for me to try to grasp the way in which god has [told] himself to us .

If God really has disclosed himself in a Son ; and if that Son was characterised by his possession of the Holy Spirit which he has passed on to his followers then we can not with t denying Christ maintain that God has revealed himself a much in Buddhism as in Christianity ; we can not make an amalgam of religions as if we were all honest seekers after a God who hides himself .
if god really has [told] himself in a son ; and if that son was characterised by his possession of the holy spirit which he has passed on to his followers then we can not with t denying christ maintain that god has revealed himself a much in buddhism as in christianity ; we can not make an amalgam of religions as if we were all honest seekers after a god who hides himself .

All this is disclosed in a special ‘ dance ’ , the discovery and translation of which is one of the great achievements of modern ethology .
all this is [told] in a special ‘ dance ’ , the discovery and translation of which is one of the great achievements of modern ethology .

In May 1991 , it was disclosed that the Metropolitan police area was to be permanently patrolled by special units , known as ARVs ( armed response vehicles ) .
in may 1991 , it was [told] that the metropolitan police area was to be permanently patrolled by special units , known as arvs ( armed response vehicles ) .

They said Nicola had been found brutally stabbed to death in her office although neither newspaper disclosed that the murder weapon was a pair of scissors .
they said nicola had been found brutally stabbed to death in her office although neither newspaper [told] that the murder weapon was a pair of scissors .

Drug profits have also been affected by provisions in the Drug Trafficking Offences Act 1986 ( Section 24 ) , which makes assisting drug trafficking an offence , and also provides immunity from breach of contract where it is disclosed to the police that funds or investments are derived from drug trafficking .
drug profits have also been affected by provisions in the drug trafficking offences act 1986 ( section 24 ) , which makes assisting drug trafficking an offence , and also provides immunity from breach of contract where it is [told] to the police that funds or investments are derived from drug trafficking .

Any views given in writing will be disclosed to the parties to the appeal and are liable to be read out at the hearing .
any views given in writing will be [told] to the parties to the appeal and are liable to be read out at the hearing .

There were others , but Lucy never disclosed any of them to us .
there were others , but lucy never [told] any of them to us .

Where the registered particulars of a charge are not complete and accurate , the charge is void to the extent of the rights not disclosed as against an administrator , liquidator or a person who acquires for value an interest or right over the property subject to the charge .
where the registered particulars of a charge are not complete and accurate , the charge is void to the extent of the rights not [told] as against an administrator , liquidator or a person who acquires for value an interest or right over the property subject to the charge .

thirdly , and perhaps most importantly , any person taking a registrable charge over the company 's property ( and only to such persons ) will have notice of any matter requiring registration and disclosed .
thirdly , and perhaps most importantly , any person taking a registrable charge over the company 's property ( and only to such persons ) will have notice of any matter requiring registration and [told] .

Whilst it may be in the interests of the court and a ‘ fair result ’ for as much as possible to be disclosed in the early stages so that the matters really in dispute can be identified and the strength of the evidence assessed , it will often be in the interests of the parties to conceal what they know .
whilst it may be in the interests of the court and a ‘ fair result ’ for as much as possible to be [told] in the early stages so that the matters really in dispute can be identified and the strength of the evidence assessed , it will often be in the interests of the parties to conceal what they know .

July 26 , 1976 The barrister successfully applied to have the third party notice struck out on the grounds that it disclosed no cause of action .
july 26 , 1976 the barrister successfully applied to have the third party notice struck out on the grounds that it [told] no cause of action .

‘ We note that exceptions are allowed ‘ for protecting the vital interests of the data subject ’ and ‘ in pursuit of the general interest or the interests of the controller or a third party to whom data are disclosed ’ ’ .
‘ we note that exceptions are allowed ‘ for protecting the vital interests of the data subject ’ and ‘ in pursuit of the general interest or the interests of the controller or a third party to whom data are [told] ’ ’ .

No price or other financial details of the deal have been disclosed , beyond a statement from Wolters Kluwer that ‘ the acquisition will be financed by surplus cash ’ .
no price or other financial details of the deal have been [told] , beyond a statement from wolters kluwer that ‘ the acquisition will be financed by surplus cash ’ .

It is recognised that such information may not always be disclosed .
it is recognised that such information may not always be [told] .

We are concerned that the general exemption covering the publication of information volunteered to public bodies is too far-reaching and undermines the principle that all information on the environment should be disclosed except in certain tightly defined situations .
we are concerned that the general exemption covering the publication of information volunteered to public bodies is too far-reaching and undermines the principle that all information on the environment should be [told] except in certain tightly defined situations .

We are concerned that the exemption of ‘ unfinished data and documents ’ could be abused to prevent information from being properly disclosed .
we are concerned that the exemption of ‘ unfinished data and documents ’ could be abused to prevent information from being properly [told] .

If your card is lost , stolen or your Personal Number is disclosed to another person , the Bank have the right to inform the Police and give them any information they require .
if your card is lost , stolen or your personal number is [told] to another person , the bank have the right to inform the police and give them any information they require .

When an offeror successfully completes a takeover bid for a target company it acquires control of the target with all its assets and liabilities , whether disclosed or undisclosed .
when an offeror successfully completes a takeover bid for a target company it acquires control of the target with all its assets and liabilities , whether [told] or undisclosed .

Once the offer period has commenced , dealings by the offeror or the target ( or any of their associates ) in the target 's securities and ( in the case of a securities exchange offer only ) the offeror 's securities must generally be disclosed by 12 noon on the business day following the dealing ; details of the prices paid for the securities must also be disclosed ( Rule 8 ) .
once the offer period has commenced , dealings by the offeror or the target ( or any of their associates ) in the target 's securities and ( in the case of a securities exchange offer only ) the offeror 's securities must generally be [told] by 12 noon on the business day following the dealing ; details of the prices paid for the securities must also be [told] ( rule 8 ) .

In addition , if any arrangement exists with any offeror , target or associate of either of them in relation to such securities , details of the arrangement must be publicly disclosed whether or not any dealing takes place . ``
in addition , if any arrangement exists with any offeror , target or associate of either of them in relation to such securities , details of the arrangement must be publicly [told] whether or not any dealing takes place . ``

Similarly , under Rule 37.4 , if the offeror buys-in or redeems its own shares , this has to be disclosed as a dealing under Rule 8 and in the offer document in the case of a securities exchange offer .
similarly , under rule 37.4 , if the offeror buys-in or redeems its own shares , this has to be [told] as a dealing under rule 8 and in the offer document in the case of a securities exchange offer .

( 3 ) If a recommended offer is proposed which has not been announced , Note 2 to Rule 2.3 requires the target to request the London Stock Exchange to grant a suspension of the target 's listing before the proposed offer is disclosed to any sub-underwriters ( see para 6.3.5 below ) .
( 3 ) if a recommended offer is proposed which has not been announced , note 2 to rule 2.3 requires the target to request the london stock exchange to grant a suspension of the target 's listing before the proposed offer is [told] to any sub-underwriters ( see para 6.3.5 below ) .

In the case of a recommended offer which will provide a cash alternative by way of underwriting the target company should , assuming no announcement has been made , request the London Stock Exchange to grant a suspension before the proposed offer is disclosed to any sub-underwriters .
in the case of a recommended offer which will provide a cash alternative by way of underwriting the target company should , assuming no announcement has been made , request the london stock exchange to grant a suspension before the proposed offer is [told] to any sub-underwriters .

7.1 Warranty re-convictions The Tenant warrants that prior to the execution of this Lease [ it ] has disclosed to the Landlord in writing any conviction judgment or finding of any court or tribunal relating to the Tenant ( or any director or other officer or major shareholder of the Tenant ) of such a nature as to be likely to affect the decision of any insurer or underwriter to grant or to continue insurance of any of the Insured Risks The landlord may wish to include this in order to protect its position resulting from insurance contracts being uberrimae fidei , with the resultant obligation to disclose to the insurers material facts within its actual or presumed knowledge .
7.1 warranty re-convictions the tenant warrants that prior to the execution of this lease [ it ] has [told] to the landlord in writing any conviction judgment or finding of any court or tribunal relating to the tenant ( or any director or other officer or major shareholder of the tenant ) of such a nature as to be likely to affect the decision of any insurer or underwriter to grant or to continue insurance of any of the insured risks the landlord may wish to include this in order to protect its position resulting from insurance contracts being uberrimae fidei , with the resultant obligation to disclose to the insurers material facts within its actual or presumed knowledge .

Before you do this you 'll need to peruse the title ( see Chapter 5 ) to ensure that all easements , rights and liabilities on the title are disclosed to the buyer , and that any defects or difficulties are disclosed and the buyer shut off from objecting to them after exchange .
before you do this you 'll need to peruse the title ( see chapter 5 ) to ensure that all easements , rights and liabilities on the title are [told] to the buyer , and that any defects or difficulties are [told] and the buyer shut off from objecting to them after exchange .

( 4 ) Are there to the seller 's knowledge any adverse rights or informal arrangements or licences affecting the property not disclosed in the draft contract ?
( 4 ) are there to the seller 's knowledge any adverse rights or informal arrangements or licences affecting the property not [told] in the draft contract ?

There is one exception to this rule of not searching the unregistered Land Charges Register in the case of registered land : prospective mortgagors who are buying a registered property have , as yet ( until they complete their purchase ) , no title to the registered land ; and therefore a bankruptcy or a receiving order made against them would not be disclosed by a title search .
there is one exception to this rule of not searching the unregistered land charges register in the case of registered land : prospective mortgagors who are buying a registered property have , as yet ( until they complete their purchase ) , no title to the registered land ; and therefore a bankruptcy or a receiving order made against them would not be [told] by a title search .

Any entries will be disclosed by office copy entries supplied by the seller to the buyer .
any entries will be [told] by office copy entries supplied by the seller to the buyer .

Or if in doubt , you can search from the last date of any registration disclosed ( of registration of the seller or of a mortgage , etc ) .
or if in doubt , you can search from the last date of any registration [told] ( of registration of the seller or of a mortgage , etc ) .

But it 's s70(1) ( g ) that 's the nightmare of conveyancers : The rights of every person in actual occupation of the land or in receipt of the rents and profits thereof save where enquiry is made of such person and the rights are not disclosed .
but it 's s70(1) ( g ) that 's the nightmare of conveyancers : the rights of every person in actual occupation of the land or in receipt of the rents and profits thereof save where enquiry is made of such person and the rights are not [told] .

For example , if a deed includes restrictive covenants , enter `` restrictions `` on your notes , but then check with the contract whether or not these are disclosed , and if they are , tick it and mark `` disclosed by contract `` .
for example , if a deed includes restrictive covenants , enter `` restrictions `` on your notes , but then check with the contract whether or not these are [told] , and if they are , tick it and mark `` [told] by contract `` .

It 's important to establish the invariable habit of going through replies to all your searches ( the same principle applies to the practical enquiries and requisitions on title ) , ticking each one after you have considered it and found it satisfactory ; if the contrary is the case , or if , for example , some information is disclosed that ought to be passed on to your client , mark it accordingly , and thereafter tick it when you `` ve dealt suitably with the item .
it 's important to establish the invariable habit of going through replies to all your searches ( the same principle applies to the practical enquiries and requisitions on title ) , ticking each one after you have considered it and found it satisfactory ; if the contrary is the case , or if , for example , some information is [told] that ought to be passed on to your client , mark it accordingly , and thereafter tick it when you `` ve dealt suitably with the item .

It has long been recognised by the courts that the protection of business secrets is a legitimate ground for the imposition of restrictions on persons to whom such secrets have been disclosed .
it has long been recognised by the courts that the protection of business secrets is a legitimate ground for the imposition of restrictions on persons to whom such secrets have been [told] .

Conversely , mere volume or complexity of information disclosed will not be sufficient .
conversely , mere volume or complexity of information [told] will not be sufficient .

The vendor 's agent disclosed the amount of an offer made by one potential purchaser to another .
the vendor 's agent [told] the amount of an offer made by one potential purchaser to another .

Information disclosed on discovery in legal proceedings is clearly held under an obligation of confidence and may be used only for the purpose of those proceedings .
information [told] on discovery in legal proceedings is clearly held under an obligation of confidence and may be used only for the purpose of those proceedings .

Whether the court 's approach in cases such as Bjorlow would also be adopted even if the employee made use of or disclosed business secrets during employment has not been determined : in Bjorlow , the defendant made use of the information only after he had left .
whether the court 's approach in cases such as bjorlow would also be adopted even if the employee made use of or [told] business secrets during employment has not been determined : in bjorlow , the defendant made use of the information only after he had left .

However once employment had ended it could be used or disclosed by an employee in competition with his former employer .
however once employment had ended it could be used or [told] by an employee in competition with his former employer .

The restrictive covenant cases demonstrate that a covenant will not be upheld on the basis of the status of the information which might be disclosed by a former employee if he is not restrained , unless it can be regarded as a business secret or the equivalent of a business secret .
the restrictive covenant cases demonstrate that a covenant will not be upheld on the basis of the status of the information which might be [told] by a former employee if he is not restrained , unless it can be regarded as a business secret or the equivalent of a business secret .

If there are special risks relating to a particular transaction which are not brought out in the Risk Warning Notice , these must be specifically disclosed .
if there are special risks relating to a particular transaction which are not brought out in the risk warning notice , these must be specifically [told] .

The extent to which fiduciary duties are modified will depend on what precisely is disclosed and to what the beneficiary has consented .
the extent to which fiduciary duties are modified will depend on what precisely is [told] and to what the beneficiary has consented .

The issue of what must be disclosed ( and when ) in order to obtain a consent which will operate as a defence to an allegation of breach of fiduciary duty , will now be considered .
the issue of what must be [told] ( and when ) in order to obtain a consent which will operate as a defence to an allegation of breach of fiduciary duty , will now be considered .

Any facts that might affect the customer 's decision whether or not to proceed must be disclosed .
any facts that might affect the customer 's decision whether or not to proceed must be [told] .

In many cases it will be impossible to make sufficient disclosure at the commencement of the relationship as material information which has to be disclosed will not be known and can not be predicted until a particular conflict arises .
in many cases it will be impossible to make sufficient disclosure at the commencement of the relationship as material information which has to be [told] will not be known and can not be predicted until a particular conflict arises .

Where the firm takes commission on transactions undertaken on behalf of its customer , the requirement of full disclosure means that the amount of commission and method and timing of payment must be disclosed .
where the firm takes commission on transactions undertaken on behalf of its customer , the requirement of full disclosure means that the amount of commission and method and timing of payment must be [told] .

In conclusion , while it is possible to modify or displace the firm 's fiduciary duties if the customer 's informed consent is obtained , the uncertainty surrounding what must be disclosed to obtain sufficiently informed consent , and the practical problems encountered in making adequate disclosure , for example in predicting in advance all possible conflicts , means that disclosure and consent is not a completely reliable mens of varying fiduciary duties .
in conclusion , while it is possible to modify or displace the firm 's fiduciary duties if the customer 's informed consent is obtained , the uncertainty surrounding what must be [told] to obtain sufficiently informed consent , and the practical problems encountered in making adequate disclosure , for example in predicting in advance all possible conflicts , means that disclosure and consent is not a completely reliable mens of varying fiduciary duties .

Evidence must be disclosed in advance in proceedings under the Children Act whether conducted in the High Court , county court or family proceedings court .
evidence must be [told] in advance in proceedings under the children act whether conducted in the high court , county court or family proceedings court .

Where you have settled the case prior to trial , it is possible that you may have a report that you would have disclosed and which would have formed part of the proceedings at trial had the case gone ahead .
where you have settled the case prior to trial , it is possible that you may have a report that you would have [told] and which would have formed part of the proceedings at trial had the case gone ahead .

It is often a good idea to remind the expert that if their report is to be relied on it must be disclosed to the other side .
it is often a good idea to remind the expert that if their report is to be relied on it must be [told] to the other side .

It may be appropriate for these matters to be dealt with in a covering letter as they do not necessarily have to be disclosed to our opponents .
it may be appropriate for these matters to be dealt with in a covering letter as they do not necessarily have to be [told] to our opponents .

We will need to disclose your report to our opponents , and so please include in a covering letter any comments you may have about any contribution our client may have made to the accident as these do not necessarily have to be disclosed .
we will need to disclose your report to our opponents , and so please include in a covering letter any comments you may have about any contribution our client may have made to the accident as these do not necessarily have to be [told] .

You may wish to produce your proof of evidence in two parts ; one part dealing with matters that will be raised and relied upon by you at trial , which must be disclosed ; and one part dealing with matters that might be raised against you on cross-examination , that you will not want to disclose .
you may wish to produce your proof of evidence in two parts ; one part dealing with matters that will be raised and relied upon by you at trial , which must be [told] ; and one part dealing with matters that might be raised against you on cross-examination , that you will not want to disclose .

If they are unhelpful , the answers to these questions should be recorded in a short , supplemental statement which will not be disclosed .
if they are unhelpful , the answers to these questions should be recorded in a short , supplemental statement which will not be [told] .

Obtaining office copy entries ( as opposed to furnishing merely a copy of the registered title ) is advisable as it reveals at an early stage whether or not there is a second charge which may not have been disclosed to the husband 's solicitors .
obtaining office copy entries ( as opposed to furnishing merely a copy of the registered title ) is advisable as it reveals at an early stage whether or not there is a second charge which may not have been [told] to the husband 's solicitors .

It would be a breach of the first principle if the data subject , or data provider , were deceived or misled about the purpose for which the data were obtained , held , used or disclosed .
it would be a breach of the first principle if the data subject , or data provider , were deceived or misled about the purpose for which the data were obtained , held , used or [told] .

‘ Personal data held for any purpose or purposes shall not be used or disclosed in any manner incompatible with that purpose or purposes ’
‘ personal data held for any purpose or purposes shall not be used or [told] in any manner incompatible with that purpose or purposes ’

Statistical and research data [ s.33 ( 6 ) ] is exempt from the subject access provisions , but not registration , provided that the data is not disclosed for any other purpose .
statistical and research data [ s.33 ( 6 ) ] is exempt from the subject access provisions , but not registration , provided that the data is not [told] for any other purpose .

These are as follows : ( 1 ) When the pleadings are deemed to be closed ; ( a ) there shall be discovery of documents within 28 days , and inspection within seven days thereafter , in accordance with para ( 5 ) ; ( b ) except with the leave of the court or where all parties agree ; ( i ) no expert evidence may be adduced at the trial unless the substance of that evidence has been disclosed to the other parties in the form of a written report within ten weeks ; and ( ii ) subject to para ( 7 ) , the number of expert witnesses of any kind shall be limited to two ; ( c ) photographs and sketch plans and , in an action for personal injuries , the contents of any police accident report book shall be receivable in evidence at the trial and shall be agreed if possible ; ( d ) unless a day has already been fixed , the plaintiff shall within six months request the proper officer to fix a day for the hearing and r 12 shall apply where such request is made .
these are as follows : ( 1 ) when the pleadings are deemed to be closed ; ( a ) there shall be discovery of documents within 28 days , and inspection within seven days thereafter , in accordance with para ( 5 ) ; ( b ) except with the leave of the court or where all parties agree ; ( i ) no expert evidence may be adduced at the trial unless the substance of that evidence has been [told] to the other parties in the form of a written report within ten weeks ; and ( ii ) subject to para ( 7 ) , the number of expert witnesses of any kind shall be limited to two ; ( c ) photographs and sketch plans and , in an action for personal injuries , the contents of any police accident report book shall be receivable in evidence at the trial and shall be agreed if possible ; ( d ) unless a day has already been fixed , the plaintiff shall within six months request the proper officer to fix a day for the hearing and r 12 shall apply where such request is made .

( 4 ) In an action for personal injuries ; ( a ) the number of expert witnesses shall be limited in any case to two medical experts and one expert of any other kind ; ( b ) nothing in para ( 1 ) above shall require a party to produce a further medical report if he proposes to rely at the trial only on the report provided pursuant to Ord 6 , r 1 ( 5 ) or ( 6 ) but , where a further report is disclosed , that report shall be accompanied by an amended statement of the special damages claimed , if appropriate .
( 4 ) in an action for personal injuries ; ( a ) the number of expert witnesses shall be limited in any case to two medical experts and one expert of any other kind ; ( b ) nothing in para ( 1 ) above shall require a party to produce a further medical report if he proposes to rely at the trial only on the report provided pursuant to ord 6 , r 1 ( 5 ) or ( 6 ) but , where a further report is [told] , that report shall be accompanied by an amended statement of the special damages claimed , if appropriate .

The automatic directions confirm that only those reports on which it is intended to rely at trial need be disclosed .
the automatic directions confirm that only those reports on which it is intended to rely at trial need be [told] .

1.24 Pursuant to the Queen 's Bench Masters ' Practice Direction of 29 November 1989 , in order to save time at trial , copies of disclosed medical or other experts ' reports upon which any party intends to rely ( whether agreed or not ) must be lodged by that party as soon after setting down as is practicable .
1.24 pursuant to the queen 's bench masters ' practice direction of 29 november 1989 , in order to save time at trial , copies of [told] medical or other experts ' reports upon which any party intends to rely ( whether agreed or not ) must be lodged by that party as soon after setting down as is practicable .

As with any other expert 's report the accountant 's report will have to be disclosed as a condition precedent to calling him : the defendant 's solicitor will be entitled to object to the expense of such evidence if it simply deals with calculations the plaintiff 's solicitor could make himself .
as with any other expert 's report the accountant 's report will have to be [told] as a condition precedent to calling him : the defendant 's solicitor will be entitled to object to the expense of such evidence if it simply deals with calculations the plaintiff 's solicitor could make himself .

Medical or other expert reports that have been disclosed to the other side should not go in Sched 1 , Pt1 , of the list , even if they have already been disclosed to the other side , but always go in Pt2 , otherwise one will lose the right to claim privilege for such reports .
medical or other expert reports that have been [told] to the other side should not go in sched 1 , pt1 , of the list , even if they have already been [told] to the other side , but always go in pt2 , otherwise one will lose the right to claim privilege for such reports .

The obligation to give discovery of relevant documents is continuing , so that documents which come into existence or a party 's possession after he has made formal discovery must be disclosed to the other side .
the obligation to give discovery of relevant documents is continuing , so that documents which come into existence or a party 's possession after he has made formal discovery must be [told] to the other side .

[ 5.2 The Seller warrants that it is not aware of any actual or alleged infringements of any intellectual property rights of third parties which relate to the goods other than those ( if any ) which the Seller has disclosed to the Purchaser prior to acceptance of the Order . ]
[ 5.2 the seller warrants that it is not aware of any actual or alleged infringements of any intellectual property rights of third parties which relate to the goods other than those ( if any ) which the seller has [told] to the purchaser prior to acceptance of the order . ]

Solicitors ' Practice Rule 10 deals with commission received by solicitors in the following terms : ( 1 ) a solicitor shall account to his client for any commission received of more than £10 unless , having disclosed to the client the amount of the commission or , if the amount can not be ascertained , the basis of calculation of the commission , he has the client 's agreement to retain it .
solicitors ' practice rule 10 deals with commission received by solicitors in the following terms : ( 1 ) a solicitor shall account to his client for any commission received of more than £10 unless , having [told] to the client the amount of the commission or , if the amount can not be ascertained , the basis of calculation of the commission , he has the client 's agreement to retain it .

The Solicitors ' Publicity Code ( see Chapter 12 ) also contains specific provisions for the control of " flag advertising " by firms publicising their services under a group name or logo to ensure that the names of all firms involved are disclosed in the publicity material .
the solicitors ' publicity code ( see chapter 12 ) also contains specific provisions for the control of " flag advertising " by firms publicising their services under a group name or logo to ensure that the names of all firms involved are [told] in the publicity material .

Section 312 Companies Act 1985 makes it unlawful for any compensation for loss of office to be made to a director of a company in connection with the transfer of all or any part of the company , unless the nature and particulars of the proposed payment have been disclosed to the members of the company and have been approved by the company .
section 312 companies act 1985 makes it unlawful for any compensation for loss of office to be made to a director of a company in connection with the transfer of all or any part of the company , unless the nature and particulars of the proposed payment have been [told] to the members of the company and have been approved by the company .

The effect is that matters disclosed in this way may not later be the subject of warranty claims .
the effect is that matters [told] in this way may not later be the subject of warranty claims .

( b ) There is no fact or matter concerning the proposed business or affairs of the Company nor any fact or matter relating to the financial forecasts which is or may be material for disclosure to any intending subscriber for shares in the Company which has not been disclosed to the Investors and any such fact or matter arising prior to Completion of this agreement will forthwith be disclosed to the Investors .
( b ) there is no fact or matter concerning the proposed business or affairs of the company nor any fact or matter relating to the financial forecasts which is or may be material for disclosure to any intending subscriber for shares in the company which has not been [told] to the investors and any such fact or matter arising prior to completion of this agreement will forthwith be [told] to the investors .

It was always thought that if an investor ( or purchaser ) completed an agreement knowing that some of the warranties were untrue and that fact had not been disclosed , then he would not be prevented from bringing an action for breach of warranty , though the equitable remedy of rescission for misrepresentation would not be available as the investor could not satisfy the requirement to come to equity with clean hands .
it was always thought that if an investor ( or purchaser ) completed an agreement knowing that some of the warranties were untrue and that fact had not been [told] , then he would not be prevented from bringing an action for breach of warranty , though the equitable remedy of rescission for misrepresentation would not be available as the investor could not satisfy the requirement to come to equity with clean hands .

Without such warranties , the purchaser will be at risk of liabilities arising out of matters which have not been disclosed .
without such warranties , the purchaser will be at risk of liabilities arising out of matters which have not been [told] .

Even if that problem can be overcome , the vendors often then make a blanket disclosure to the effect that everything known to the management is disclosed against the warranties .
even if that problem can be overcome , the vendors often then make a blanket disclosure to the effect that everything known to the management is [told] against the warranties .

The vendor is likely to have disclosed its articles as part of its disclosures against the warranties .
the vendor is likely to have [told] its articles as part of its disclosures against the warranties .

If claims do arise , it is in everyone 's interest to be able to identify easily all the matters that were disclosed .
if claims do arise , it is in everyone 's interest to be able to identify easily all the matters that were [told] .

The vendor should be required to refer in the disclosure letter to the reason why the documents have been disclosed .
the vendor should be required to refer in the disclosure letter to the reason why the documents have been [told] .

Such exclusions may also cover matters of which the vendor ought to have had knowledge and should have disclosed .
such exclusions may also cover matters of which the vendor ought to have had knowledge and should have [told] .

One statistic disclosed by the Ukrainian officials at a press conference on the impact of the accident is that deaths among members of the emergency services involved in decontamination work are three to five times above the rates for people of equivalent age .
one statistic [told] by the ukrainian officials at a press conference on the impact of the accident is that deaths among members of the emergency services involved in decontamination work are three to five times above the rates for people of equivalent age .

An internal memo by a senior employee at the Rocky Flats plant in Colorado has disclosed that substantial amounts of highly radioactive plutonium are stored in unsafe or untested containers and in unstable condition and are not suitably protected against fire .
an internal memo by a senior employee at the rocky flats plant in colorado has [told] that substantial amounts of highly radioactive plutonium are stored in unsafe or untested containers and in unstable condition and are not suitably protected against fire .

The locations of the crematoria have not been disclosed , at the request of the local authorities concerned .
the locations of the crematoria have not been [told] , at the request of the local authorities concerned .

The government initially claimed that it had no prior notice of the Commission 's intention to initiate proceedings , but it was later disclosed that this had been the subject of correspondence between the Commission and the Department of Transport .
the government initially claimed that it had no prior notice of the commission 's intention to initiate proceedings , but it was later [told] that this had been the subject of correspondence between the commission and the department of transport .

He disclosed the terms of the American offer , he left no doubt that they were in his opinion the best that could be obtained and should be accepted , and he rounded things off with what were interpreted as some highly uncomplimentary remarks about the quality of the Congressional opinion which had to be accommodated .
he [told] the terms of the american offer , he left no doubt that they were in his opinion the best that could be obtained and should be accepted , and he rounded things off with what were interpreted as some highly uncomplimentary remarks about the quality of the congressional opinion which had to be accommodated .

The report also disclosed that both the pilot and the controller on duty in the tower complained or poor reception of transmissions , apparently affected by bad atmospheric conditions .
the report also [told] that both the pilot and the controller on duty in the tower complained or poor reception of transmissions , apparently affected by bad atmospheric conditions .

This difference was caused by the commission paid to Berenson , but which he had not disclosed , and which Gutekunst subsequently advised him to disclose .
this difference was caused by the commission paid to berenson , but which he had not [told] , and which gutekunst subsequently advised him to disclose .

’ Douglas Connell of the Edinburgh solicitors Dundas and Wilson acting for Lord Minto , comments : ‘ The name of the Japanese consortium involved with Minto can not be disclosed , at their request .
’ douglas connell of the edinburgh solicitors dundas and wilson acting for lord minto , comments : ‘ the name of the japanese consortium involved with minto can not be [told] , at their request .

Homework — self-monitoring — relaxation — attempt to carry out disclosed behavioural target .
homework — self-monitoring — relaxation — attempt to carry out [told] behavioural target .

Homework — complete hierarchy — attempt to carry out disclosed behavioural target .
homework — complete hierarchy — attempt to carry out [told] behavioural target .

Homework attempt to carry out disclosed behavioural target — work out ‘ Individual Self Statement Card ’ .
homework attempt to carry out [told] behavioural target — work out ‘ individual self statement card ’ .

Homework — attempt to carry out disclosed behavioural target .
homework — attempt to carry out [told] behavioural target .

Homework — attempt disclosed assertiveness task .
homework — attempt [told] assertiveness task .

You must tell the Department if you become aware that you are suffering from a disease or physical disability not previously disclosed or which has been disclosed but has become more severe .
you must tell the department if you become aware that you are suffering from a disease or physical disability not previously [told] or which has been [told] but has become more severe .

This point is sensibly picked up in the Vienna Sales Convention , which provides in article 1 ( 2 ) that : The fact that the parties have their places of business in different States is to be disregarded whenever this fact does not appear from the contract or from any dealings between , or from , information disclosed by , the parties at any time before or at the conclusion of the contract .
this point is sensibly picked up in the vienna sales convention , which provides in article 1 ( 2 ) that : the fact that the parties have their places of business in different states is to be disregarded whenever this fact does not appear from the contract or from any dealings between , or from , information [told] by , the parties at any time before or at the conclusion of the contract .

Failure to comply with the terms of a Default Notice will normally result in the default being disclosed to credit reference agencies .
failure to comply with the terms of a default notice will normally result in the default being [told] to credit reference agencies .

The history of astronomy also disclosed a succession of hypotheses , which made claims for physical truth look precarious .
the history of astronomy also [told] a succession of hypotheses , which made claims for physical truth look precarious .

Natural knowledge was concerned with the frame of the universe , but , as such , it disclosed the course of providence in the physical world .
natural knowledge was concerned with the frame of the universe , but , as such , it [told] the course of providence in the physical world .

Any information so discovered must be confined to the authority empowered by the warrant to discover it , and may not be disclosed to private persons or private bodies .
any information so discovered must be confined to the authority empowered by the warrant to discover it , and may not be [told] to private persons or private bodies .

Wilson disclosed the split into equally balanced factions when he said that two further members had also resigned on the grounds that a weakened Commission could no longer usefully continue .
wilson [told] the split into equally balanced factions when he said that two further members had also resigned on the grounds that a weakened commission could no longer usefully continue .

Her temperature was 38.2pC , and chest examination disclosed wheezing and ronchi .
her temperature was 38.2pc , and chest examination [told] wheezing and ronchi .

Upper motor neurone disturbance rather than intellectual decline was a prominent feature , and magnetic resonance imaging disclosed abnormalities in the subcortical white matter .
upper motor neurone disturbance rather than intellectual decline was a prominent feature , and magnetic resonance imaging [told] abnormalities in the subcortical white matter .

It was Gauss who first disclosed this power in his Disquisitiones Arithmeticae .
it was gauss who first [told] this power in his disquisitiones arithmeticae .

Arago fully disclosed the details of the Daguerreotype process at a joint session of the French Academies of the Sciences and the Fine Arts on 19 August 1839 .
arago fully [told] the details of the daguerreotype process at a joint session of the french academies of the sciences and the fine arts on 19 august 1839 .

This decision enabled the Crown to prohibit , as a matter of course , the disclosure of a wide range of information such as correspondence with government departments , medical records and accident reports , on the ground that disclosure might set a precedent and lead to potentially harmful documents being disclosed in the future .
this decision enabled the crown to prohibit , as a matter of course , the disclosure of a wide range of information such as correspondence with government departments , medical records and accident reports , on the ground that disclosure might set a precedent and lead to potentially harmful documents being [told] in the future .

Morton Smith had disclosed his findings about the early church in The Secret Gospel , following it with his controversial portrait in Jesus the Magician .
morton smith had [told] his findings about the early church in the secret gospel , following it with his controversial portrait in jesus the magician .

the defendant has disclosed a prima facie defence to the action on the merits .
the defendant has [told] a prima facie defence to the action on the merits .

Similarly in a case involving a French corporation , an order for depositions and document production at the offices of New York attorneys was not regarded as in conflict with the Convention ; all that was to happen on French soil was ‘ certain acts preparatory to the giving of evidence ’ , the selection of appropriate employees to travel to New York and of relevant documents to be disclosed in New York .
similarly in a case involving a french corporation , an order for depositions and document production at the offices of new york attorneys was not regarded as in conflict with the convention ; all that was to happen on french soil was ‘ certain acts preparatory to the giving of evidence ’ , the selection of appropriate employees to travel to new york and of relevant documents to be [told] in new york .

At $ 60 , anyone who has held his shares will have received the full benefit of the new information whether it is disclosed to him or not .
at $ 60 , anyone who has held his shares will have received the full benefit of the new information whether it is [told] to him or not .

he is an officer or employee of that company or a related company who has access to unpublished price sensitive information which ought not reasonably to be disclosed except for the proper performance of his duties ; or
he is an officer or employee of that company or a related company who has access to unpublished price sensitive information which ought not reasonably to be [told] except for the proper performance of his duties ; or

he is in a professional or business relationship with that company or a related company and has access to unpublished price sensitive information which ought not reasonably to be disclosed except for the proper performance of his duties
he is in a professional or business relationship with that company or a related company and has access to unpublished price sensitive information which ought not reasonably to be [told] except for the proper performance of his duties

In other words the tippee must , first , obtain from an individual , information which he knows to be unpublished price sensitive information ; secondly , he must know that the individual is a ‘ connected individual ’ within the meaning of the legislation ; thirdly , he must know or have reasonable cause to believe that that individual holds the information by virtue of being so connected ; and finally , he must know or have reasonable cause to expect that that individual should not have disclosed the information save for the proper performance of that individual 's duties .
in other words the tippee must , first , obtain from an individual , information which he knows to be unpublished price sensitive information ; secondly , he must know that the individual is a ‘ connected individual ’ within the meaning of the legislation ; thirdly , he must know or have reasonable cause to believe that that individual holds the information by virtue of being so connected ; and finally , he must know or have reasonable cause to expect that that individual should not have [told] the information save for the proper performance of that individual 's duties .

For such a duty to be imposed , however , the corporation must expect the outsider to keep the disclosed nonpublic information confidential , and the relationship must at least must imply such a duty .
for such a duty to be imposed , however , the corporation must expect the outsider to keep the [told] nonpublic information confidential , and the relationship must at least must imply such a duty .

Trading is prohibited unless the relevant information and its source is publicly disclosed by press release or otherwise within a reasonable time period prior to any purchase or sale .
trading is prohibited unless the relevant information and its source is publicly [told] by press release or otherwise within a reasonable time period prior to any purchase or sale .

Amounts of ground rent , other rents and premiums must also be disclosed with the frequency of rent reviews .
amounts of ground rent , other rents and premiums must also be [told] with the frequency of rent reviews .

The binder is not always disclosed but may be gum arabic .
the binder is not always [told] but may be gum arabic .

court of appeal decision : unfavourable medical reports obtained confidentially by a plaintiff for the purposes of personal injury litigation which were inadvertently disclosed on discovery to the defendant could be used by them at the trial .
court of appeal decision : unfavourable medical reports obtained confidentially by a plaintiff for the purposes of personal injury litigation which were inadvertently [told] on discovery to the defendant could be used by them at the trial .

d's appeal dismissed on the grounds the documents which the medical examiner considered relevant were to be disclosed , but indiscriminate disclosure of all the records would threaten the confidentiality of p , without securing any benefit to d .
d's appeal dismissed on the grounds the documents which the medical examiner considered relevant were to be [told] , but indiscriminate disclosure of all the records would threaten the confidentiality of p , without securing any benefit to d .

The proposal form should be checked to see if the Policyholder disclosed the illness/injury or if the complaint first occurred after inception of the policy , did the Policyholder disclose this at the appropriate renewal date .
the proposal form should be checked to see if the policyholder [told] the illness/injury or if the complaint first occurred after inception of the policy , did the policyholder disclose this at the appropriate renewal date .

Another young person disclosed :
another young person [told] :

Each report is available separately or as a disclosed collection .
each report is available separately or as a [told] collection .

In an important collection of essays , Keohane and Nye disclosed that they began to think along these lines under the influence of the French sociologist , Raymond Aron , who introduced the idea of ‘ transnational society ’ .
in an important collection of essays , keohane and nye [told] that they began to think along these lines under the influence of the french sociologist , raymond aron , who introduced the idea of ‘ transnational society ’ .

Latent pulmonary abnormalities , disclosed by pulmonary function tests and bronchoalveolar lavage , have been found in patients with Crohn 's disease .
latent pulmonary abnormalities , [told] by pulmonary function tests and bronchoalveolar lavage , have been found in patients with crohn 's disease .

Apart from the theatre , temples and baths already discussed ( pages 82 , 83 ) , excavation has disclosed extensive and impressive remains .
apart from the theatre , temples and baths already discussed ( pages 82 , 83 ) , excavation has [told] extensive and impressive remains .

Calculate the trends in the Sales and cost of sales and comment on the information disclosed by your analysis .
calculate the trends in the sales and cost of sales and comment on the information [told] by your analysis .

The information disclosed in published accounts may relate to a single company or to a group of companies under a holding company . It will indicate the different kinds of assets and how they are financed
the information [told] in published accounts may relate to a single company or to a group of companies under a holding company . it will indicate the different kinds of assets and how they are financed

The scientists involved , including Douglas Higgs , the chief scientific officer for the Crown during the Maguire trial , had not told the trial that substances other than nitroglycerine on the defendants ' hands could have given a positive reading , or that `` rogue `` positive results could occur , nor had they disclosed this to the May inquiry .
the scientists involved , including douglas higgs , the chief scientific officer for the crown during the maguire trial , had not told the trial that substances other than nitroglycerine on the defendants ' hands could have given a positive reading , or that `` rogue `` positive results could occur , nor had they [told] this to the may inquiry .

It was disclosed during June that mass graves containing more remains of about 15,000 Polish Army officers massacred by their Soviet captors in 1940 had been located near Kharkov in the east Ukraine and at Mednoye near Kalinin in western Russia .
it was [told] during june that mass graves containing more remains of about 15,000 polish army officers massacred by their soviet captors in 1940 had been located near kharkov in the east ukraine and at mednoye near kalinin in western russia .

At the beginning of July 1989 Soviet scientists disclosed to visiting United States congressmen and environmentalists the full details of an accident in September 1957 at the top-secret Kyshtym nuclear weapons research facility near Chelyabinsk in the Ural mountains .
at the beginning of july 1989 soviet scientists [told] to visiting united states congressmen and environmentalists the full details of an accident in september 1957 at the top-secret kyshtym nuclear weapons research facility near chelyabinsk in the ural mountains .

In July it was disclosed that the Soviet Union was owed the equivalent of 87,500 million ( 25 per cent in convertible currencies ) , but much of this was believed to be for arms sales to poorer countries who were unable to repay it .
in july it was [told] that the soviet union was owed the equivalent of 87,500 million ( 25 per cent in convertible currencies ) , but much of this was believed to be for arms sales to poorer countries who were unable to repay it .

Up to 5,000 ethnic Turks and members of the Pomak community ( descendants of Bulgarians converted to Islam during Ottoman rule ) had held a vigil outside the National Assembly building on Dec. 28-29 , but had dispersed after the contents of the resolution had been disclosed to them by National Assembly Speaker Stanko Todorov .
up to 5,000 ethnic turks and members of the pomak community ( descendants of bulgarians converted to islam during ottoman rule ) had held a vigil outside the national assembly building on dec. 28-29 , but had dispersed after the contents of the resolution had been [told] to them by national assembly speaker stanko todorov .

The membership of the pro-Iraqi Provisional Free Government of Kuwait is finally disclosed .
the membership of the pro-iraqi provisional free government of kuwait is finally [told] .

On the same day the chairman of the commission investigating the June events disclosed that miners were being questioned over their involvement in the violent crackdown against the anti-government demonstrators and the subsequent ransacking of opposition leaders ' offices and homes .
on the same day the chairman of the commission investigating the june events [told] that miners were being questioned over their involvement in the violent crackdown against the anti-government demonstrators and the subsequent ransacking of opposition leaders ' offices and homes .

Israel 's Jewish Telegraphic Agency disclosed on Sept. 17 that the current wave of immigration from the Soviet Union was expected to reach 1,000,000 by the end of 1992 .
israel 's jewish telegraphic agency [told] on sept. 17 that the current wave of immigration from the soviet union was expected to reach 1,000,000 by the end of 1992 .

Havel also disclosed at the press conference that Czechoslovakia had exported over 1,000 tonnes of Semtex explosive to Libya in recent years under the previous regime ; by his reckoning , this meant that `` world terrorism `` would have enough Semtex `` to last 150 years `` .
havel also [told] at the press conference that czechoslovakia had exported over 1,000 tonnes of semtex explosive to libya in recent years under the previous regime ; by his reckoning , this meant that `` world terrorism `` would have enough semtex `` to last 150 years `` .

The press and public were excluded from the hearing , although Greene had given earlier assurances that the tape would be released after it had been edited in order to excise any classified information which might be disclosed inadvertently .
the press and public were excluded from the hearing , although greene had given earlier assurances that the tape would be released after it had been edited in order to excise any classified information which might be [told] inadvertently .

These fall into six main categories , information on the first five of which may be disclosed by the Bank .
these fall into six main categories , information on the first five of which may be [told] by the bank .

Flows due to the transactions of these customers influence the cash position of the money market but are not disclosed by the Bank .
flows due to the transactions of these customers influence the cash position of the money market but are not [told] by the bank .

Care must be taken to ensure that the possibility of a sale is not disclosed to the client 's staff .
care must be taken to ensure that the possibility of a sale is not [told] to the client 's staff .

This may or may not be disclosed .
this may or may not be [told] .

In reply , the vendors might ask for the purchaser 's investigation report to be disclosed .
in reply , the vendors might ask for the purchaser 's investigation report to be [told] .

It is practice to state in the agreement that all warranties are subject to matters fairly and properly disclosed in the disclosure letter .
it is practice to state in the agreement that all warranties are subject to matters fairly and properly [told] in the disclosure letter .

The disclosure letter usually will start by reciting that certain matters are to be considered as generally disclosed . These may include matters which :
the disclosure letter usually will start by reciting that certain matters are to be considered as generally [told] . these may include matters which :

would be disclosed on an investigation of title to the properties ; or
would be [told] on an investigation of title to the properties ; or

The disclosure letter will frequently have attached to it , or referred to in it , a significant amount of documents which are deemed to be disclosed , so it is vital that the acquirer insists on receiving this material early enough to be able properly to evaluate it .
the disclosure letter will frequently have attached to it , or referred to in it , a significant amount of documents which are deemed to be [told] , so it is vital that the acquirer insists on receiving this material early enough to be able properly to evaluate it .

The due diligence report prepared by the purchaser 's accountants may give rise to specific warranties or disclosures and may itself by subject to negotiation as to whether the report itself is disclosed .
the due diligence report prepared by the purchaser 's accountants may give rise to specific warranties or disclosures and may itself by subject to negotiation as to whether the report itself is [told] .

Accuracy and adequacy of information disclosed to the acquirer .
accuracy and adequacy of information [told] to the acquirer .

Where valuation engagements involve reference to or reliance on information which is the responsibility of external parties , the sources and responsibilities for the information should be disclosed and the firm should normally be satisfied as to the independence , qualifications , experience and reputation of such parties .
where valuation engagements involve reference to or reliance on information which is the responsibility of external parties , the sources and responsibilities for the information should be [told] and the firm should normally be satisfied as to the independence , qualifications , experience and reputation of such parties .

The Information will be used by you solely for the purpose of evaluating the possible purchase by you of the Company and , unless and until you have completed such a transaction , the Information will be kept confidential by you and will not be disclosed , in whole or in part to any other person , except that the Information or portions thereof may be disclosed to those of your directors , officers , employees , agents , auditors , lawyers , bankers and professional advisers ( collectively ‘ Representatives ’ ) who need to know such information for the purpose of evaluating the prospective acquisition ( it being understood that those Representatives will be informed of the confidential nature of the Information and shall agree to be bound by this Agreement and , if requested by ourselves , will enter into a direct agreement with us on the same terms as this Agreement ) .
the information will be used by you solely for the purpose of evaluating the possible purchase by you of the company and , unless and until you have completed such a transaction , the information will be kept confidential by you and will not be [told] , in whole or in part to any other person , except that the information or portions thereof may be [told] to those of your directors , officers , employees , agents , auditors , lawyers , bankers and professional advisers ( collectively ‘ representatives ’ ) who need to know such information for the purpose of evaluating the prospective acquisition ( it being understood that those representatives will be informed of the confidential nature of the information and shall agree to be bound by this agreement and , if requested by ourselves , will enter into a direct agreement with us on the same terms as this agreement ) .

adding [ ] ; and the net assets of £ [ x ] as disclosed by the Company 's consolidated balance sheet for the year ended [ date ] .
adding [ ] ; and the net assets of £ [ x ] as [told] by the company 's consolidated balance sheet for the year ended [ date ] .

It must not be copied , disclosed , or circulated , or referred to in correspondence or discussion with any other person , except a person to whom it has also been issued .
it must not be copied , [told] , or circulated , or referred to in correspondence or discussion with any other person , except a person to whom it has also been issued .

Are there warranties over accuracy or fairness of previous , disclosed , accounts ? If some companies are incorporated in ( for example ) Spain , Italy , Germany or Finland which set of accounts are to be warranted : the legal ( tax-based ) accounts or the internal management ( business-based ) accounts ?
are there warranties over accuracy or fairness of previous , [told] , accounts ? if some companies are incorporated in ( for example ) spain , italy , germany or finland which set of accounts are to be warranted : the legal ( tax-based ) accounts or the internal management ( business-based ) accounts ?

All information , matters and circumstances relating to the Business which are or would on reasonable enquiry be known to the Vendor and which are material to be known by a purchaser for value of the Business have been disclosed in writing to the Purchaser .
all information , matters and circumstances relating to the business which are or would on reasonable enquiry be known to the vendor and which are material to be known by a purchaser for value of the business have been [told] in writing to the purchaser .

No debt of the Business which may be owing at Completion is overdue by more than eight weeks and the amount of such debts ( less the amount of any provision or reserve calculated on the same basis as that applied in the Accounts and disclosed in the Disclosure Letter ) will be recoverable in full in the ordinary course of business and in any event not later than eight weeks after Completion and none of the said debts is subject to any counter-claim or set-off except to the extent of any such provision or reserve .
no debt of the business which may be owing at completion is overdue by more than eight weeks and the amount of such debts ( less the amount of any provision or reserve calculated on the same basis as that applied in the accounts and [told] in the disclosure letter ) will be recoverable in full in the ordinary course of business and in any event not later than eight weeks after completion and none of the said debts is subject to any counter-claim or set-off except to the extent of any such provision or reserve .

Factual content of the whole report is to be treated as disclosed since the Purchaser knows its content at completion .
factual content of the whole report is to be treated as [told] since the purchaser knows its content at completion .

It may be possible to delete this provision if the Purchaser can be satisfied that it has had all the Business 's contracts disclosed to it one way or another .
it may be possible to delete this provision if the purchaser can be satisfied that it has had all the business 's contracts [told] to it one way or another .

Meanwhile , it has been disclosed that the Queen Mother was entertaining guests within a short time of leaving Aberdeen Royal Infirmary .
meanwhile , it has been [told] that the queen mother was entertaining guests within a short time of leaving aberdeen royal infirmary .

It has been disclosed that within a short time of leaving Aberdeen Royal Infirmary yesterday where she stayed three nights and underwent an operation to remove a piece of fish lodged in her throat she was entertaining guests .
it has been [told] that within a short time of leaving aberdeen royal infirmary yesterday where she stayed three nights and underwent an operation to remove a piece of fish lodged in her throat she was entertaining guests .

The mystery man seen leaving a restaurant with the Princess of Wales is a former Coronation Street actor who is thought to have been giving her voice coaching , it was disclosed last night .
the mystery man seen leaving a restaurant with the princess of wales is a former coronation street actor who is thought to have been giving her voice coaching , it was [told] last night .

It also disclosed that 87pc of teachers have not fully incorporated cross-curricular themes such as education for mutual understanding in the classroom .
it also [told] that 87pc of teachers have not fully incorporated cross-curricular themes such as education for mutual understanding in the classroom .

More than three times as many men as women killed themselves during that time , the Minister for Health , Brendan Howlin , disclosed .
more than three times as many men as women killed themselves during that time , the minister for health , brendan howlin , [told] .

Authorities also disclosed that an explosives timing device like those in other terrorist bombings was recovered at the New Jersey home of suspect Nidal Ayyad , a chemical engineer who investigators believe has bomb-making know-how .
authorities also [told] that an explosives timing device like those in other terrorist bombings was recovered at the new jersey home of suspect nidal ayyad , a chemical engineer who investigators believe has bomb-making know-how .

But the computer company which was to have supplied the computer software and hardware has still not been disclosed by the Dundonald-based board .
but the computer company which was to have supplied the computer software and hardware has still not been [told] by the dundonald-based board .

Gibson recently disclosed that Hall had barred ex-Newcastle chairman Gordon McKeag — now Football League president — from the directors ' room .
gibson recently [told] that hall had barred ex-newcastle chairman gordon mckeag — now football league president — from the directors ' room .

He is being sued by Sarfraz Nawaz , the former Pakistan Test paceman , who — as Super Sport reported last week — vehemently denies Lamb 's claim that he disclosed Pakistani ‘ secrets ’ of making an old ball swing . Amazed
he is being sued by sarfraz nawaz , the former pakistan test paceman , who — as super sport reported last week — vehemently denies lamb 's claim that he [told] pakistani ‘ secrets ’ of making an old ball swing . amazed

Mr Bell described the HarperCollins deal , for a sum that has not been disclosed , as ‘ more conventional ’ .
mr bell described the harpercollins deal , for a sum that has not been [told] , as ‘ more conventional ’ .

It also includes an assessment of the significant estimates and judgements made by the Directors in the preparation of the accounts , and of whether the accounting policies are appropriate to the Group 's circumstances , consistently applied and adequately disclosed .
it also includes an assessment of the significant estimates and judgements made by the directors in the preparation of the accounts , and of whether the accounting policies are appropriate to the group 's circumstances , consistently applied and adequately [told] .

The ballot will be secret and neither the names of those who have voted for a particular candidate nor the names of those who have abstained from voting shall be disclosed by the scrutineers .
the ballot will be secret and neither the names of those who have voted for a particular candidate nor the names of those who have abstained from voting shall be [told] by the scrutineers .

( a ) the goods are free , and will remain free until the time when the property is to pass , from any charge or encumbrance not disclosed or known to the buyer before the contract is made , and
( a ) the goods are free , and will remain free until the time when the property is to pass , from any charge or encumbrance not [told] or known to the buyer before the contract is made , and

( b ) the buyer will enjoy quiet possession of the goods except so far as it may be disturbed by the owner or other person entitled to the benefit of any charge or encumbrance so disclosed or known . ’
( b ) the buyer will enjoy quiet possession of the goods except so far as it may be disturbed by the owner or other person entitled to the benefit of any charge or encumbrance so [told] or known . ’

In this case the seller will not be in breach of the terms implied by section 12 provided that before the contract was made he disclosed to the buyer the existence of the lien .
in this case the seller will not be in breach of the terms implied by section 12 provided that before the contract was made he [told] to the buyer the existence of the lien .

The bleak prospect disclosed by this view of present and potential conflict situations is not relieved by the existence of any significant social movement which is clearly capable of diminishing the appeal of nationalism , or substituting a new and persuasive political ideal for that of the nation state .
the bleak prospect [told] by this view of present and potential conflict situations is not relieved by the existence of any significant social movement which is clearly capable of diminishing the appeal of nationalism , or substituting a new and persuasive political ideal for that of the nation state .

At the same time , the critic will learn from this figure that , since the secrets are never disclosed , and since the absent essence only operates when it is absent , he should not force his text to produce a single interpretative meaning .
at the same time , the critic will learn from this figure that , since the secrets are never [told] , and since the absent essence only operates when it is absent , he should not force his text to produce a single interpretative meaning .

When Panna was just twenty days old , the village midwife disclosed that she was neither male nor female , that she was a hijra .
when panna was just twenty days old , the village midwife [told] that she was neither male nor female , that she was a hijra .

… then , without any question of resort to a court of equity , there might have been a defence in a court of law on the ground that any money recoverable on the note by the plaintiffs was recoverable by them merely as trustees for Sir Richard Temple , and that , under the circumstances disclosed by the correspondence , the relations between the father and son were such that it was impossible to suppose that the father wished to insist on payment of the note by the son .
… then , without any question of resort to a court of equity , there might have been a defence in a court of law on the ground that any money recoverable on the note by the plaintiffs was recoverable by them merely as trustees for sir richard temple , and that , under the circumstances [told] by the correspondence , the relations between the father and son were such that it was impossible to suppose that the father wished to insist on payment of the note by the son .

They are disclosed above in the year in which they are paid rather than the one in which they are earned .
they are [told] above in the year in which they are paid rather than the one in which they are earned .

Although a beneficial financial interest in such assets remains with Scottish Enterprise as disclosed in note 1 to the accounts , they are shown in the company 's accounts in order to reflect assets under the company 's stewardship which will be developed in accordance with its business plan .
although a beneficial financial interest in such assets remains with scottish enterprise as [told] in note 1 to the accounts , they are shown in the company 's accounts in order to reflect assets under the company 's stewardship which will be developed in accordance with its business plan .

That finding could not be disclosed , for its publication would have revealed the regime 's double dishonesty , in suppressing the truth and in using the incident to justify repressive measures against the liberalizers in the university and to rally the faithful around Franco .
that finding could not be [told] , for its publication would have revealed the regime 's double dishonesty , in suppressing the truth and in using the incident to justify repressive measures against the liberalizers in the university and to rally the faithful around franco .

Because exceptional items , such as the profit on the sale of assets or the cost of fundamental restructuring , are disclosed separately , the underlying profits from a company 's operations may be seen more clearly .
because exceptional items , such as the profit on the sale of assets or the cost of fundamental restructuring , are [told] separately , the underlying profits from a company 's operations may be seen more clearly .

The Company holds personal information on its employees on computer files and , in accordance with the principles set out in the Data Protection Act 1984 , undertakes that such information will only be used for purposes relevant to your employment with the Company and will not be disclosed to other bodies without your permission .
the company holds personal information on its employees on computer files and , in accordance with the principles set out in the data protection act 1984 , undertakes that such information will only be used for purposes relevant to your employment with the company and will not be [told] to other bodies without your permission .

In an interview with the Washington Post of May 7 , the Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz disclosed that a democratic constitution would replace the " revolutionary legality " which had governed the country since 1958 .
in an interview with the washington post of may 7 , the deputy prime minister tariq aziz [told] that a democratic constitution would replace the " revolutionary legality " which had governed the country since 1958 .

The government disclosed and repudiated a project of the previous military regime to build a nuclear bomb and signed with Argentina a treaty of nuclear non-proliferation [ see p. 37914 ] .
the government [told] and repudiated a project of the previous military regime to build a nuclear bomb and signed with argentina a treaty of nuclear non-proliferation [ see p. 37914 ] .

On Aug. 12 the Trade Minister Mohammad Mehdi Saleh disclosed that the clampdown , aimed at imports from Jordan , had reduced the volume of trade between the two countries by up to 50 per cent .
on aug. 12 the trade minister mohammad mehdi saleh [told] that the clampdown , aimed at imports from jordan , had reduced the volume of trade between the two countries by up to 50 per cent .

Deputy Minister of the Interior Juan Carlos Mazzón was also dismissed on Jan. 15 after Noticias magazine disclosed that he had served nine months of a three-year prison sentence imposed in 1981 for fraud .
deputy minister of the interior juan carlos mazzón was also dismissed on jan. 15 after noticias magazine [told] that he had served nine months of a three-year prison sentence imposed in 1981 for fraud .

It was reported on Aug. 1 that the Albanian government had closed down the Albanian State Bank 's foreign exchange department after losses totalling $ 170,000,000 were disclosed in the department 's foreign exchange trading since 1988 .
it was reported on aug. 1 that the albanian government had closed down the albanian state bank 's foreign exchange department after losses totalling $ 170,000,000 were [told] in the department 's foreign exchange trading since 1988 .

In a separate development , the Amir of Kuwait , Shaikh Jabir al Ahmad al Jabir as Sabah disclosed on Aug. 13 that Iraq 's President Saddam Hussein had , three months before the invasion , warned the Amir of military action if he failed to cede one-third of Kuwait 's territories to Iraq .
in a separate development , the amir of kuwait , shaikh jabir al ahmad al jabir as sabah [told] on aug. 13 that iraq 's president saddam hussein had , three months before the invasion , warned the amir of military action if he failed to cede one-third of kuwait 's territories to iraq .

It was disclosed on Jan. 19 that Nikolai Petrakov had resigned as Gorbachev 's personal economic adviser .
it was [told] on jan. 19 that nikolai petrakov had resigned as gorbachev 's personal economic adviser .

He also confirmed the dismissal , first disclosed on Jan. 10 , of Minister without portfolio Jenö Gerbovics .
he also confirmed the dismissal , first [told] on jan. 10 , of minister without portfolio jenö gerbovics .

In January 1990 it was disclosed that in 1976 a meltdown at Greifswald had only narrowly been averted .
in january 1990 it was [told] that in 1976 a meltdown at greifswald had only narrowly been averted .

Gorbachev disclosed that `` for the first time in recent years we laid quite a strong stress on what our economic relations should be like `` , although he failed to provide details on the precise content of the talks .
gorbachev [told] that `` for the first time in recent years we laid quite a strong stress on what our economic relations should be like `` , although he failed to provide details on the precise content of the talks .

The French government disclosed on July 5 that it had decorated Lt.-Col. Alain Mafart , one of the two French agents convicted for the bombing of the Greenpeace flagship , Rainbow Warrior , in Auckland harbour in 1985 [ see pp .
the french government [told] on july 5 that it had decorated lt.-col. alain mafart , one of the two french agents convicted for the bombing of the greenpeace flagship , rainbow warrior , in auckland harbour in 1985 [ see pp .

As King Hassan celebrated the 30th anniversary of his accession to the throne on March 3 , officials disclosed that the eight members of the family of the late Gen. Mohammed Oufkir had been released on Feb. 27 after over 18 years in detention .
as king hassan celebrated the 30th anniversary of his accession to the throne on march 3 , officials [told] that the eight members of the family of the late gen. mohammed oufkir had been released on feb. 27 after over 18 years in detention .

The Guardian of May 4 disclosed that Kurt Klebeck , the wartime deputy commander of a labour camp in the Channel Island of Alderney , was alive and living in Hamburg , contrary to earlier British intelligence claims that he had not survived the war .
the guardian of may 4 [told] that kurt klebeck , the wartime deputy commander of a labour camp in the channel island of alderney , was alive and living in hamburg , contrary to earlier british intelligence claims that he had not survived the war .

Attacks on asylum hostels and cemeteries , the majority in western Germany , continued during November , while on Nov. 11 the German Defence Ministry disclosed that investigations were being made into 24 cases of alleged involvement of soldiers in extreme right-wing violence — including three cases of manslaughter .
attacks on asylum hostels and cemeteries , the majority in western germany , continued during november , while on nov. 11 the german defence ministry [told] that investigations were being made into 24 cases of alleged involvement of soldiers in extreme right-wing violence — including three cases of manslaughter .

On April 7 the government disclosed information about one of China 's best-known political prisoners , Wei Jingsheng .
on april 7 the government [told] information about one of china 's best-known political prisoners , wei jingsheng .

He disclosed that he had delivered a letter from Saddam Hussein to Rafsanjani in Tehran on Feb. 8 containing the Iraqi President 's formal reply to the latest Iranian proposals .
he [told] that he had delivered a letter from saddam hussein to rafsanjani in tehran on feb. 8 containing the iraqi president 's formal reply to the latest iranian proposals .

No other details were disclosed , but a meeting in Moscow with Kuwaiti Foreign Minister Shaikh Sabah al Ahmad al Jabir as Sabah on Feb. 14 Gorbachev said that Primakov had `` met with some flexibility from the regime in Baghdad `` .
no other details were [told] , but a meeting in moscow with kuwaiti foreign minister shaikh sabah al ahmad al jabir as sabah on feb. 14 gorbachev said that primakov had `` met with some flexibility from the regime in baghdad `` .

The Johannesburg Sunday Times had meanwhile disclosed on Feb. 10 that one of the co-accused who had been missing the day the trial opened , Katiza Cebekhulu , had actually been seen , and duly photographed by the newspaper , among the crowd on the Supreme Court steps , apparently unconcerned by the heavy police presence .
the johannesburg sunday times had meanwhile [told] on feb. 10 that one of the co-accused who had been missing the day the trial opened , katiza cebekhulu , had actually been seen , and duly photographed by the newspaper , among the crowd on the supreme court steps , apparently unconcerned by the heavy police presence .

On Feb. 8 the official news agency Tass had disclosed that Georgia 's Prime Minister Tengiz Sigua had written to the director of an armaments factory in the Russian city of Tula offering to barter Georgian food products for guns and ammunition .
on feb. 8 the official news agency tass had [told] that georgia 's prime minister tengiz sigua had written to the director of an armaments factory in the russian city of tula offering to barter georgian food products for guns and ammunition .

On Feb. 8 the Croatian and Slovene governments disclosed details of a mutual defence pact between the two republics concluded on Jan. 20 .
on feb. 8 the croatian and slovene governments [told] details of a mutual defence pact between the two republics concluded on jan. 20 .

The scale of disrepair disclosed by the survey affects all tenure sectors although , as usual , the condition in the private rented sector is worse than elsewhere ; for example , one in six dwellings in the private sector was found to be unfit for human habitation …
the scale of disrepair [told] by the survey affects all tenure sectors although , as usual , the condition in the private rented sector is worse than elsewhere ; for example , one in six dwellings in the private sector was found to be unfit for human habitation …

( 2 ) Where a member fails to disclose or furnish any information , document or other matter which he is required to disclose or furnish to the Company under Article 6 the Directors may resolve that no vote shall be tendered or accepted in respect of any share held by or for him until the member shall have disclosed or furnished the information , document or other matter required .
( 2 ) where a member fails to disclose or furnish any information , document or other matter which he is required to disclose or furnish to the company under article 6 the directors may resolve that no vote shall be tendered or accepted in respect of any share held by or for him until the member shall have [told] or furnished the information , document or other matter required .

( 2 ) Where a member fails to disclose or furnish any information , document or other matter which he is required to disclose or furnish to the Company under Article 6 the Directors may resolve that no vote shall be tendered or accepted in respect of any share held by or for him until the member shall have disclosed or furnished the information , document or other matter required .
( 2 ) where a member fails to disclose or furnish any information , document or other matter which he is required to disclose or furnish to the company under article 6 the directors may resolve that no vote shall be tendered or accepted in respect of any share held by or for him until the member shall have [told] or furnished the information , document or other matter required .

Earnings of other textile workers in the southern and eastern parts of the country , disclosed by Arthur Young in his Tours of the 1770s , suggest a range from the 10 to 12s ( 50-60p ) earned by the specialist blanket weavers of Witney and carpet weavers of Wilton to a low of 5s ( 25p ) scraped by Norwich worsted weavers at a time of serious decline in their trade .
earnings of other textile workers in the southern and eastern parts of the country , [told] by arthur young in his tours of the 1770s , suggest a range from the 10 to 12s ( 50-60p ) earned by the specialist blanket weavers of witney and carpet weavers of wilton to a low of 5s ( 25p ) scraped by norwich worsted weavers at a time of serious decline in their trade .

The fundamental rationale underlying the law of confidence is that it can prevent a person divulging information which has been given to him in confidence , on an express or implicit understanding that the information should not be disclosed to others or otherwise used by the recipient of the information .
the fundamental rationale underlying the law of confidence is that it can prevent a person divulging information which has been given to him in confidence , on an express or implicit understanding that the information should not be [told] to others or otherwise used by the recipient of the information .

Alternatively , if the information has already been disclosed or used , damages may be awarded against the person divulging or using the information .
alternatively , if the information has already been [told] or used , damages may be awarded against the person divulging or using the information .

In Malone v Metropolitan Police Commissioner [ 1979 ] information overheard during an authorized telephone tapping operation by the police was not disclosed in confidence .
in malone v metropolitan police commissioner [ 1979 ] information overheard during an authorized telephone tapping operation by the police was not [told] in confidence .

In most circumstances , during negotiations , an air of confidence will be implied but it is sensible to stress confidentiality ; for example , by stating that the information is confidential and must not be disclosed to anyone else without permission .
in most circumstances , during negotiations , an air of confidence will be implied but it is sensible to stress confidentiality ; for example , by stating that the information is confidential and must not be [told] to anyone else without permission .

However , if details of the invention are disclosed by a person acting in breach of confidence or who has obtained details unlawfully , that disclosure will be disregarded in determining the state of the art .
however , if details of the invention are [told] by a person acting in breach of confidence or who has obtained details unlawfully , that disclosure will be disregarded in determining the state of the art .

One study of United States data disclosed mortality rates for infants born to teenagers and to women aged 40–44 years that were , respectively , 28 and 38 per cent higher than rates for babies born to women aged 20–34 ( Nortman , 1974 ) .
one study of united states data [told] mortality rates for infants born to teenagers and to women aged 40–44 years that were , respectively , 28 and 38 per cent higher than rates for babies born to women aged 20–34 ( nortman , 1974 ) .

However , as studies have disclosed , late age of mother at birth of a child is everywhere associated with health impairments .
however , as studies have [told] , late age of mother at birth of a child is everywhere associated with health impairments .

By the time Ann Lynn had berthed , Valiant had arrived , much to the relief of the two harassed officers , and a full rummage by Valiant 's crew disclosed 74,000 cigarettes and 268 bottles of spirits .
by the time ann lynn had berthed , valiant had arrived , much to the relief of the two harassed officers , and a full rummage by valiant 's crew [told] 74,000 cigarettes and 268 bottles of spirits .

Interestingly 20 of 23 severe oesophagitis patients smoked or drank heavily and of those who claimed no such history one had scleroderma and another may not have disclosed full details .
interestingly 20 of 23 severe oesophagitis patients smoked or drank heavily and of those who claimed no such history one had scleroderma and another may not have [told] full details .

Endoscopy disclosed abnormal mucosa at 26 cm from the incisors ; biopsies showed chronic inflammation .
endoscopy [told] abnormal mucosa at 26 cm from the incisors ; biopsies showed chronic inflammation .

Necropsy disclosed malignant lymphoma in the distal 15 cm of the oesophagus associated with extensive fistula formation , mainly to the left main bronchus .
necropsy [told] malignant lymphoma in the distal 15 cm of the oesophagus associated with extensive fistula formation , mainly to the left main bronchus .

When these cyclosporin specific side effects occurred , there may have been a tendency for the study drug to be disclosed .
when these cyclosporin specific side effects occurred , there may have been a tendency for the study drug to be [told] .

The grandest exposition of the Grand Iranian Design was given on November 14th , 1986 , just after the operation had been disclosed .
the grandest exposition of the grand iranian design was given on november 14th , 1986 , just after the operation had been [told] .

As well as boosting the bank 's capital , these inner reserves would have added £242m to Hongkong & Shanghai 's disclosed £465m of profit last year .
as well as boosting the bank 's capital , these inner reserves would have added £242m to hongkong & shanghai 's [told] £465m of profit last year .

Yet , as he disclosed yesterday , he prefers to stick to about £3,000 per commission .
yet , as he [told] yesterday , he prefers to stick to about £3,000 per commission .

Mr Moran , Anfield 's longest-serving stalwart , found himself unexpectedly entering a second term of caretaker command last weekend when Mr Souness disclosed that major heart surgery was necessary to keep a 38-year-old frame in peak condition .
mr moran , anfield 's longest-serving stalwart , found himself unexpectedly entering a second term of caretaker command last weekend when mr souness [told] that major heart surgery was necessary to keep a 38-year-old frame in peak condition .

In Britain , one has already been struck off and three others are facing disciplinary hearings for improper sexual conduct with patients , the British Psychological Society disclosed at its annual conference in Scarborough yesterday .
in britain , one has already been struck off and three others are facing disciplinary hearings for improper sexual conduct with patients , the british psychological society [told] at its annual conference in scarborough yesterday .

In such a case , if the wife contracted as agent for her husband , and disclosed that fact to the shop , she incurs no personal liability .
in such a case , if the wife contracted as agent for her husband , and [told] that fact to the shop , she incurs no personal liability .

Mrs Marcos went on trial in New York this week , on March 20th , by coincidence the day on which the contents of her letter to Mr Bush was disclosed .
mrs marcos went on trial in new york this week , on march 20th , by coincidence the day on which the contents of her letter to mr bush was [told] .

Although he is now a few months past the usual retirement age of 65 , Mr Sulzberger has not disclosed when he will go .
although he is now a few months past the usual retirement age of 65 , mr sulzberger has not [told] when he will go .

Delaporte Establishment — the nominee company which emerged earlier this week with a significant shareholding in merchant bank Morgan Grenfell — yesterday disclosed a 1.13 per cent Ferranti stake .
delaporte establishment — the nominee company which emerged earlier this week with a significant shareholding in merchant bank morgan grenfell — yesterday [told] a 1.13 per cent ferranti stake .

The reason for her pent-up fury is not disclosed , though we rather suspect it may have something to do with her father 's preference for her sister .
the reason for her pent-up fury is not [told] , though we rather suspect it may have something to do with her father 's preference for her sister .

But when the contents of the will were disclosed last week , it was Mrs Rinehart who got control of the mines .
but when the contents of the will were [told] last week , it was mrs rinehart who got control of the mines .

Mr Bennett disclosed that police had acted on a tip-off that Mrs Hancock had planned to use narcotics to murder her husband — which she denied .
mr bennett [told] that police had acted on a tip-off that mrs hancock had planned to use narcotics to murder her husband — which she denied .

The withdrawal of derogations was disclosed to Parliament by Junior Minister Colin Moynihan on 20 January the following year .
the withdrawal of derogations was [told] to parliament by junior minister colin moynihan on 20 january the following year .

What the men did next is also not disclosed but clearly something impressed the ladies again because before the year was out they spontaneously and bountifully agreed to ‘ always let the men through directly they are in any way pressed ’ , a decision now overtaken by the bye-laws .
what the men did next is also not [told] but clearly something impressed the ladies again because before the year was out they spontaneously and bountifully agreed to ‘ always let the men through directly they are in any way pressed ’ , a decision now overtaken by the bye-laws .

But routine screening of milk for contaminants should have disclosed higher lead levels by mid-October .
but routine screening of milk for contaminants should have [told] higher lead levels by mid-october .

Magnet 's finance director Albert King has suddenly left the company , it was disclosed last night .
magnet 's finance director albert king has suddenly left the company , it was [told] last night .

Balls of Semtex — slightly bigger than Maltesers but powerful enough to blast away doors — were found in the shoe heels , which had been hollowed out and then bonded together again , security sources disclosed .
balls of semtex — slightly bigger than maltesers but powerful enough to blast away doors — were found in the shoe heels , which had been hollowed out and then bonded together again , security sources [told] .

Also this week , Fininvest , the Italian master company of Silvio Berlusconi , disclosed a 1 per cent stake in Saatchi 's .
also this week , fininvest , the italian master company of silvio berlusconi , [told] a 1 per cent stake in saatchi 's .

Few basic facts about Easton station can be recorded without breaching this trust , and the manpower of police stations in Northern Ireland is not disclosed for security reasons .
few basic facts about easton station can be recorded without breaching this trust , and the manpower of police stations in northern ireland is not [told] for security reasons .

Where abuse is disclosed , a teenage girl will be counselled and provided with ‘ safe , defensible space ’ in the form of a foster home or place in a hostel .
where abuse is [told] , a teenage girl will be counselled and provided with ‘ safe , defensible space ’ in the form of a foster home or place in a hostel .

Wardair yesterday accepted responsibilty and disclosed plans to tighten security .
wardair yesterday accepted responsibilty and [told] plans to tighten security .

Mr Jack Straw , the shadow education secretary , said a Commons written answer from Mr MacGregor disclosed that England 's 96 LEAs want permission to spend about £1.1 billion next year on state schools and £150 million on voluntary-aided schools .
mr jack straw , the shadow education secretary , said a commons written answer from mr macgregor [told] that england 's 96 leas want permission to spend about £1.1 billion next year on state schools and £150 million on voluntary-aided schools .

The Government also disclosed that the present method of assessing parental contributions according to parents ' residual income , after tax and mortgage payments , is to be retained for the time being .
the government also [told] that the present method of assessing parental contributions according to parents ' residual income , after tax and mortgage payments , is to be retained for the time being .

Terms were not disclosed .
terms were not [told] .

He disclosed that the crisis in the inspectorate had led to 32 vacancies in a professional staff of 135 in October .
he [told] that the crisis in the inspectorate had led to 32 vacancies in a professional staff of 135 in october .

Replying to questioners , Mr Hurd disclosed that Hong Kong Indians and others , thought to total about 1,500 families , would also be included in the scheme .
replying to questioners , mr hurd [told] that hong kong indians and others , thought to total about 1,500 families , would also be included in the scheme .

They meant to build up their own industries behind their tariff barriers , and not to remain the permanent primary producers for the industrial United Kingdom ; and when Chamberlain once incautiously disclosed this logical implication of his policy , he was forced to beat an instant retreat .
they meant to build up their own industries behind their tariff barriers , and not to remain the permanent primary producers for the industrial united kingdom ; and when chamberlain once incautiously [told] this logical implication of his policy , he was forced to beat an instant retreat .

‘ The amateurs in the two teams went out grouse-shooting during the morning ’ , disclosed one account of Surrey against Derbyshire at Glossop in 1902 .
‘ the amateurs in the two teams went out grouse-shooting during the morning ’ , [told] one account of surrey against derbyshire at glossop in 1902 .

This link between subjectivity and subjection , which for the ( political ) post/modernist has to be disclosed before it can be disarticulated , is , by comparison , both assumed and manifestly endorsed in the Renaissance .
this link between subjectivity and subjection , which for the ( political ) post/modernist has to be [told] before it can be disarticulated , is , by comparison , both assumed and manifestly endorsed in the renaissance .

Shares in Eurotunnel fell a further 50p to close at 600p , making a 15 per cent drop in the Anglo-French venture 's stock market value in the two days since it disclosed a 50 per cent rise in the cost of the tunnel to at least £7bn .
shares in eurotunnel fell a further 50p to close at 600p , making a 15 per cent drop in the anglo-french venture 's stock market value in the two days since it [told] a 50 per cent rise in the cost of the tunnel to at least £7bn .

The Halifax , Britain 's biggest building society , also disclosed that it had set aside a £20m provision against its loans to the collapsed London docklands developer Kentish Property Group .
the halifax , britain 's biggest building society , also [told] that it had set aside a £20m provision against its loans to the collapsed london docklands developer kentish property group .

The consortium also disclosed that it would need up to £1.6bn in fresh finance on top of the £6bn already raised .
the consortium also [told] that it would need up to £1.6bn in fresh finance on top of the £6bn already raised .

But the favourite , if unlikely , yarn was the sale of its less-than-inspiring pharmaceutical division , which recently disclosed an apparent flop by its much-vaunted heart drug Manoplax .
but the favourite , if unlikely , yarn was the sale of its less-than-inspiring pharmaceutical division , which recently [told] an apparent flop by its much-vaunted heart drug manoplax .

More than a dozen other candidates ' names — some frivolous , others serious — have been bandied about , particularly since Lord Wilson 's departure was brutally disclosed four months early by his elevation to the peerage at New Year .
more than a dozen other candidates ' names — some frivolous , others serious — have been bandied about , particularly since lord wilson 's departure was brutally [told] four months early by his elevation to the peerage at new year .

Conoco also disclosed it has started a review of offshore maintenance operations could lead to a jobs rundown .
conoco also [told] it has started a review of offshore maintenance operations could lead to a jobs rundown .

In a separate report , the government disclosed that applications for unemployment benefits dropped to a five-month low in the week ending April 4 .
in a separate report , the government [told] that applications for unemployment benefits dropped to a five-month low in the week ending april 4 .

The changes in the system were disclosed in a letter to employees of National Power , one of the two big generating companies being created in the sell-off , from its chairman , Lord Marshall .
the changes in the system were [told] in a letter to employees of national power , one of the two big generating companies being created in the sell-off , from its chairman , lord marshall .

It has not disclosed how much it thought these brands were worth .
it has not [told] how much it thought these brands were worth .

But so far only four men have been buried and no autopsy results have been disclosed .
but so far only four men have been buried and no autopsy results have been [told] .

That suggests the Bank has spent $ 3bn- $ 4bn of its foreign exchange and gold reserves , worth $ 42bn when the latest official figures were released last Tuesday , since the £2bn current account deficit for August was disclosed on 26 September .
that suggests the bank has spent $ 3bn- $ 4bn of its foreign exchange and gold reserves , worth $ 42bn when the latest official figures were released last tuesday , since the £2bn current account deficit for august was [told] on 26 september .

Although the details have not been disclosed , the Soviet Union played a key role in convincing the East Germans to let refugees holed up in West German embassies leave for the West .
although the details have not been [told] , the soviet union played a key role in convincing the east germans to let refugees holed up in west german embassies leave for the west .

For a start it is a closed event , with nominations not disclosed in advance .
for a start it is a closed event , with nominations not [told] in advance .

In a poll of Anglican Clergy undertaken in 1864 only 40 % expressed the view that the damned would suffer everlasting torment ; it may be assumed that a poll of laity would have disclosed a substantially lower percentage.ii .
in a poll of anglican clergy undertaken in 1864 only 40 % expressed the view that the damned would suffer everlasting torment ; it may be assumed that a poll of laity would have [told] a substantially lower percentage.ii .

further investigations disclosed that they were in fact glued on with a resinous adhesive which appeared transparent to the X-rays .
further investigations [told] that they were in fact glued on with a resinous adhesive which appeared transparent to the x-rays .

Then her mother would graciously conduct half an hour of polite conversation with all these people , who Jo knew were otherwise pretty cool and mostly also pretty sane , and they would all pretend to be interested in whatever dumb thing she said , and laugh if she made any of her awful little jokes and store away any personal information she disclosed so that they could tell it to their friends the next day and make it absolutely clear that they were on intimate terms with a really big star .
then her mother would graciously conduct half an hour of polite conversation with all these people , who jo knew were otherwise pretty cool and mostly also pretty sane , and they would all pretend to be interested in whatever dumb thing she said , and laugh if she made any of her awful little jokes and store away any personal information she [told] so that they could tell it to their friends the next day and make it absolutely clear that they were on intimate terms with a really big star .

At the same time they disclosed details of some of the charges facing her .
at the same time they [told] details of some of the charges facing her .

Club officials disclosed that Mr Souness had kept news of the operation secret from the players so they could concentrate on the match against Portsmouth .
club officials [told] that mr souness had kept news of the operation secret from the players so they could concentrate on the match against portsmouth .

He also disclosed that the company is considering moving up to a full listing .
he also [told] that the company is considering moving up to a full listing .

As investigators from the Mines Inspectorate , British Coal and unions began their inquiries into the accident , the company disclosed that the trapped men had never been in serious danger .
as investigators from the mines inspectorate , british coal and unions began their inquiries into the accident , the company [told] that the trapped men had never been in serious danger .

But Mr Jannie van der Merwe , the state prosecutor , told the newspapers he did not believe the true motive of the doctor 's murder had been disclosed .
but mr jannie van der merwe , the state prosecutor , told the newspapers he did not believe the true motive of the doctor 's murder had been [told] .

What is really amazing however is the routes which have been dreamed up for the Super-Sprinters , and which have taken off with growth factors unbelieved when first disclosed .
what is really amazing however is the routes which have been dreamed up for the super-sprinters , and which have taken off with growth factors unbelieved when first [told] .

Kleinwort Benson , which disclosed it had purchased 200,000 of its own shares at 353p each , rose 11p to 366p and Hambros edged ahead 3p to 232p .
kleinwort benson , which [told] it had purchased 200,000 of its own shares at 353p each , rose 11p to 366p and hambros edged ahead 3p to 232p .

Proposed terms were not disclosed .
proposed terms were not [told] .

Different fields of research have disclosed the many different factors that can affect both physical and mental behaviour .
different fields of research have [told] the many different factors that can affect both physical and mental behaviour .

In the early 1980s the contents of a vacuum cleaner bag were analysed and ‘ worryingly high levels of radioactivity in the house dust ’ were disclosed , Mr Sedley said .
in the early 1980s the contents of a vacuum cleaner bag were analysed and ‘ worryingly high levels of radioactivity in the house dust ’ were [told] , mr sedley said .

The admission by Hammersmith and Fulham was disclosed on the first day of a case brought by Anthony Hazell , the local district auditor .
the admission by hammersmith and fulham was [told] on the first day of a case brought by anthony hazell , the local district auditor .

The officers said innocent men 's lives had been put at risk and their families had been forced to move house because identities had been disclosed .
the officers said innocent men 's lives had been put at risk and their families had been forced to move house because identities had been [told] .

Labour 's trade and industry spokesman , Mr Gordon Brown , who claimed at the weekend to have uncovered a further £10 million in sweeteners above the £38 million disclosed last week , continued yesterday to press the Prime Minister for details of the tax benefits offered to BAe , and to explain why Parliament has been deceived for more than 16 months about the true cost of the sale .
labour 's trade and industry spokesman , mr gordon brown , who claimed at the weekend to have uncovered a further £10 million in sweeteners above the £38 million [told] last week , continued yesterday to press the prime minister for details of the tax benefits offered to bae , and to explain why parliament has been deceived for more than 16 months about the true cost of the sale .

As originally disclosed by the Guardian , the estimated value of the tax concessions alone offered at one point during the negotiations was close to £35 million , while the European Commission was led to believe that BAe would benefit by only £25 million from the easing of tax restrictions .
as originally [told] by the guardian , the estimated value of the tax concessions alone offered at one point during the negotiations was close to £35 million , while the european commission was led to believe that bae would benefit by only £25 million from the easing of tax restrictions .

The Kingfisher offer document , says Dixons , has not disclosed the extent of property disposal profits , or where they have been taken .
the kingfisher offer document , says dixons , has not [told] the extent of property disposal profits , or where they have been taken .

Mr Brown 's requests suggest there were further hidden subsidies which have yet to be disclosed officially .
mr brown 's requests suggest there were further hidden subsidies which have yet to be [told] officially .

He said a survey had disclosed a gloomy picture of growing waiting lists , homelessness , and repair problems .
he said a survey had [told] a gloomy picture of growing waiting lists , homelessness , and repair problems .

The next paragraph says that not only did Lord Young cut the published penalty clause for BAe from £650 million to £400 million as disclosed in the National Audit Office memorandum , but offered ‘ a private side-letter ’ waiving the penalty ‘ the text of which would be agreed with BAe in advance ’ .
the next paragraph says that not only did lord young cut the published penalty clause for bae from £650 million to £400 million as [told] in the national audit office memorandum , but offered ‘ a private side-letter ’ waiving the penalty ‘ the text of which would be agreed with bae in advance ’ .

The Act requires data users to register , declaring the sources of data , uses and people to whom it may be disclosed .
the act requires data users to register , declaring the sources of data , uses and people to whom it may be [told] .

Thus reports from social services and the medical service and probation service reports are not bound to be disclosed .
thus reports from social services and the medical service and probation service reports are not bound to be [told] .

Information concerning or identifying another pupil should not be disclosed , and information , the disclosure of which might cause serious harm to the mental or physical health or emotional condition of the pupil or anyone else , or which indicates that the pupil has or may be likely to suffer child abuse , should not be disclosed .
information concerning or identifying another pupil should not be [told] , and information , the disclosure of which might cause serious harm to the mental or physical health or emotional condition of the pupil or anyone else , or which indicates that the pupil has or may be likely to suffer child abuse , should not be [told] .

For a child too young to make an informed request the information may be disclosed to a parent on his behalf .
for a child too young to make an informed request the information may be [told] to a parent on his behalf .

Another aspect of the rights of the pupil in relation to his record is his right to have the record disclosed where it will be to his benefit and to prevent disclosure elsewhere .
another aspect of the rights of the pupil in relation to his record is his right to have the record [told] where it will be to his benefit and to prevent disclosure elsewhere .

In this context , this means used and disclosed only for the purposes for which it is compiled , or for which authority is given , or with the donor 's consent or for certain other limited purposes .
in this context , this means used and [told] only for the purposes for which it is compiled , or for which authority is given , or with the donor 's consent or for certain other limited purposes .

Any information which is relevant may have to be disclosed to the parties in respect of any court case .
any information which is relevant may have to be [told] to the parties in respect of any court case .

Then , under pressure , Macmillan offered to brief the leader of the opposition , Hugh Gaitskell , and a group of Privy Councillors on a confidential basis , provided nothing was disclosed in the House of Commons .
then , under pressure , macmillan offered to brief the leader of the opposition , hugh gaitskell , and a group of privy councillors on a confidential basis , provided nothing was [told] in the house of commons .

Despite the fact that the explanation or defence could , if true , have been disclosed at the outset and despite the advantage which the defendant has gained by these tactics , no comment may be made to the jury to that effect .
despite the fact that the explanation or defence could , if true , have been [told] at the outset and despite the advantage which the defendant has gained by these tactics , no comment may be made to the jury to that effect .

Lord Denning explained that ‘ There are some things which may be required to be disclosed in the public interest , in which event no confidence can be prayed in aid to keep them secret .
lord denning explained that ‘ there are some things which may be required to be [told] in the public interest , in which event no confidence can be prayed in aid to keep them secret .

There , as we shall see , the judges wriggled furiously to avoid applying the principles outlined above in order to restrain the press from revealing the very serious iniquities disclosed by Mr Peter Wright , which included not only the bugging of embassies but also a conspiracy to assassinate the Egyptian President .
there , as we shall see , the judges wriggled furiously to avoid applying the principles outlined above in order to restrain the press from revealing the very serious iniquities [told] by mr peter wright , which included not only the bugging of embassies but also a conspiracy to assassinate the egyptian president .

First , under section 6 , when granting a warrant , the Home Secretary must make arrangements for the purpose of securing that : ( a ) the extent to which the material is disclosed ; ( b ) the number of persons to whom the material is disclosed ; ( c ) the extent to which the material is copied ; and ( d ) the number of copies made of any material is limited in each case to the minimum that is necessary .
first , under section 6 , when granting a warrant , the home secretary must make arrangements for the purpose of securing that : ( a ) the extent to which the material is [told] ; ( b ) the number of persons to whom the material is [told] ; ( c ) the extent to which the material is copied ; and ( d ) the number of copies made of any material is limited in each case to the minimum that is necessary .

Amongst those detained was a Belgian Member of the European Parliament who had earlier disclosed to the newspapers plans for a 3 km-wide ‘ waste island ’ off Zeebrugge .
amongst those detained was a belgian member of the european parliament who had earlier [told] to the newspapers plans for a 3 km-wide ‘ waste island ’ off zeebrugge .

Miss Fogerty assured her that nothing would be disclosed and slipped out of the side door .
miss fogerty assured her that nothing would be [told] and slipped out of the side door .

The freedom of information lobby advocates the maximum possible openness by state and public authorities in disclosing information they hold ; the state is a great collector of personal information — should that be publicly disclosed too ?
the freedom of information lobby advocates the maximum possible openness by state and public authorities in disclosing information they hold ; the state is a great collector of personal information — should that be publicly [told] too ?

This sounds simple enough , yet it does mean that the data subject ( to whom the information relates ) and the data user ( who puts it into a computer ) should each see the handling of the data in the same way , and this has not always been the case when data have been disclosed to third parties , or have been collected for one ostensible purpose and used for another .
this sounds simple enough , yet it does mean that the data subject ( to whom the information relates ) and the data user ( who puts it into a computer ) should each see the handling of the data in the same way , and this has not always been the case when data have been [told] to third parties , or have been collected for one ostensible purpose and used for another .

The third principle is that ‘ personal data held for any purpose or purposes shall not be used or disclosed in any manner incompatible with that purpose or purposes ’ .
the third principle is that ‘ personal data held for any purpose or purposes shall not be used or [told] in any manner incompatible with that purpose or purposes ’ .

What the studious schoolboy of Looe learned in 1801 is disclosed in a handbill published that year by Mr. Clement Triggs , the school 's last master .
what the studious schoolboy of looe learned in 1801 is [told] in a handbill published that year by mr. clement triggs , the school 's last master .

Those circumstances are strictly defined as being first , where confidential information would be disclosed to the Press and public if they attended , and secondly where exempt information would be disclosed to the Press and public if they attended .
those circumstances are strictly defined as being first , where confidential information would be [told] to the press and public if they attended , and secondly where exempt information would be [told] to the press and public if they attended .

Confidential information is that supplied to the Council by a government department on terms which forbid the disclosure of that information to the public , or information which by statute or court order must not be disclosed to the public .
confidential information is that supplied to the council by a government department on terms which forbid the disclosure of that information to the public , or information which by statute or court order must not be [told] to the public .

Information which , if disclosed to the public , would reveal that the authority proposes —
information which , if [told] to the public , would reveal that the authority proposes —

Where the interest is that of a shareholder and the total nominal value of the shares does not exceed £1,000 or one-hundredth part of the total nominal value of the issue share capital ( whichever is the less ) , the interest must still be disclosed , but the prohibition on taking part in the discussion and voting does not apply .
where the interest is that of a shareholder and the total nominal value of the shares does not exceed £1,000 or one-hundredth part of the total nominal value of the issue share capital ( whichever is the less ) , the interest must still be [told] , but the prohibition on taking part in the discussion and voting does not apply .

The existence of some could not be disclosed on security grounds ; others are set up to do a particular job and then wound up .
the existence of some could not be [told] on security grounds ; others are set up to do a particular job and then wound up .

Information on a variety of matters , such as the reasons for the proposed job losses and the way in which they are intended to occur , must be disclosed in writing .
information on a variety of matters , such as the reasons for the proposed job losses and the way in which they are intended to occur , must be [told] in writing .

For some reason , which was not disclosed , the local authority served a notice alleging the trades had been established without their consent and requiring discontinuance of the activities .
for some reason , which was not [told] , the local authority served a notice alleging the trades had been established without their consent and requiring discontinuance of the activities .

By establishing a régime that promotes transparency , takeovers that are purely speculative in financing terms will be disclosed as such and investors will be able to make investment decisions on the best possible information .
by establishing a régime that promotes transparency , takeovers that are purely speculative in financing terms will be [told] as such and investors will be able to make investment decisions on the best possible information .

When opened , relates David Gieve in his bicentenary history of the famous tailors , it disclosed a small life insurance policy and a charming letter in which he said he wished the proceeds of the policy to be applied to settling his final account , and if there was a surplus he would be glad for Gieves to keep it as a modest token of his gratitude for a lifetime 's service .
when opened , relates david gieve in his bicentenary history of the famous tailors , it [told] a small life insurance policy and a charming letter in which he said he wished the proceeds of the policy to be applied to settling his final account , and if there was a surplus he would be glad for gieves to keep it as a modest token of his gratitude for a lifetime 's service .

Later instalments disclosed the wondrous sights the astronomer had been privileged to see .
later instalments [told] the wondrous sights the astronomer had been privileged to see .

From that first manifestation of life the evolutionary processes continued all through the countless ages of this Second Period , that is , the period from the beginnings of life to the dawn of civilisation , and life developed by virtue of the laws of survival as disclosed by the Darwinian school .
from that first manifestation of life the evolutionary processes continued all through the countless ages of this second period , that is , the period from the beginnings of life to the dawn of civilisation , and life developed by virtue of the laws of survival as [told] by the darwinian school .

This said , the information disclosed must be seriously considered and action taken as appropriate .
this said , the information [told] must be seriously considered and action taken as appropriate .

This means that any secret profits made by them in dealing with the firm should be disclosed and accounted for .
this means that any secret profits made by them in dealing with the firm should be [told] and accounted for .

In 1918 it 's disclosed that : ‘ The managers have arranged to supply those children , who remain , to dinner with a hot meal for a penny halfpenny per day per child . ’
in 1918 it 's [told] that : ‘ the managers have arranged to supply those children , who remain , to dinner with a hot meal for a penny halfpenny per day per child . ’

Neither side has disclosed how much Gibson paid , but United confirms that it invited no other bids .
neither side has [told] how much gibson paid , but united confirms that it invited no other bids .

Five-year-old Mark listened to his father ’ s story with rapt attention , asking questions and adding personal comments : “ Where did Chaim sit ? ” “ Did he ( like Mark ) bring a book to read ? ” “ Was Chaim allowed to get up and go to the bathroom ? ” “ Was the Rabbi angry at Chaim ? ” The story disclosed that adults realize a long service is hard for a small boy to sit through , but exercising self-restraint and participating in communal rituals bring praise and acceptance from the community .
five-year-old mark listened to his father ’ s story with rapt attention , asking questions and adding personal comments : “ where did chaim sit ? ” “ did he ( like mark ) bring a book to read ? ” “ was chaim allowed to get up and go to the bathroom ? ” “ was the rabbi angry at chaim ? ” the story [told] that adults realize a long service is hard for a small boy to sit through , but exercising self-restraint and participating in communal rituals bring praise and acceptance from the community .

In fact , U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) data disclosed that until 2001 , Andersen generally had a lower rate of earnings restatements for its public company audit clients than did other major accounting firms .
in fact , u.s. securities and exchange commission ( sec ) data [told] that until 2001 , andersen generally had a lower rate of earnings restatements for its public company audit clients than did other major accounting firms .

The fee component of the subsidy cost is required to be disclosed separately .
the fee component of the subsidy cost is required to be [told] separately .

The fair value of the property , if known and material , shall be disclosed in notes to the financial statements .
the fair value of the property , if known and material , shall be [told] in notes to the financial statements .

If fair value is not estimable , information related to the type and quantity of assets received shall be disclosed in the year received .
if fair value is not estimable , information related to the type and quantity of assets received shall be [told] in the year received .

Boards need to focus on enhancing the quality and reliability of financial reporting , identifying key elements of disclosure , and ensuring that such information is appropriately disclosed to investors and the public .
boards need to focus on enhancing the quality and reliability of financial reporting , identifying key elements of disclosure , and ensuring that such information is appropriately [told] to investors and the public .

For example , regulators are asking what should be disclosed , what is the purpose of financial statements , and how useful are they ?
for example , regulators are asking what should be [told] , what is the purpose of financial statements , and how useful are they ?

When reporting on the results of their work , auditors are responsible for disclosing all material or significant facts known to them which , if not disclosed , could mislead knowledgeable users , misrepresent the results , or conceal improper or unlawful practices .
when reporting on the results of their work , auditors are responsible for disclosing all material or significant facts known to them which , if not [told] , could mislead knowledgeable users , misrepresent the results , or conceal improper or unlawful practices .

In terms of the purposes of the study-finding out what was stressful to the women and why the incidence of mental health problems among them was so high-the case study method disclosed the importance of any change in life circumstances as a source of stress rather than merely confirming change that the observers might have thought stressful a priori .
in terms of the purposes of the study-finding out what was stressful to the women and why the incidence of mental health problems among them was so high-the case study method [told] the importance of any change in life circumstances as a source of stress rather than merely confirming change that the observers might have thought stressful a priori .

Atta also disclosed that a fourth pilot , Hanjour , had joined Hazmi .
atta also [told] that a fourth pilot , hanjour , had joined hazmi .

Individuals are identified by a code , and individuals ' ranks or units are disclosed only in a broad manner .
individuals are identified by a code , and individuals ' ranks or units are [told] only in a broad manner .

They disclosed domestic intelligence efforts , which included a covert action program that operated from 1956 to 1971 against domestic organizations and , eventually , domestic dissidents .
they [told] domestic intelligence efforts , which included a covert action program that operated from 1956 to 1971 against domestic organizations and , eventually , domestic dissidents .

The indictment was publicly disclosed in November of that year .
the indictment was publicly [told] in november of that year .

The FBI was criticized , rightly , for the overzealous domestic intelligence investigations disclosed during the 1970s .
the fbi was criticized , rightly , for the overzealous domestic intelligence investigations [told] during the 1970s .

After the alert , according to Berger and members of the NSC staff , the FBI returned to its normal practice of withholding written reports and saying little about investigations or witness interviews , taking the position that any information related to pending investigations might be presented to a grand jury and hence could not be disclosed under thenprevailing federal law .
after the alert , according to berger and members of the nsc staff , the fbi returned to its normal practice of withholding written reports and saying little about investigations or witness interviews , taking the position that any information related to pending investigations might be presented to a grand jury and hence could not be [told] under thenprevailing federal law .

Yousef managed to escape to Pakistan , but his accomplice , Murad-whom KSM claims to have sent to Yousef with $ 3,000 to help fund the operation-was arrested and disclosed details of the plot while under interrogation .
yousef managed to escape to pakistan , but his accomplice , murad-whom ksm claims to have sent to yousef with $ 3,000 to help fund the operation-was arrested and [told] details of the plot while under interrogation .

Only information actually presented to the grand jury could not be disclosed .
only information actually presented to the grand jury could not be [told] .

Most recently , the Pakistani government has claimed not to have known that one of its nuclear weapons developers , a national figure , was leading the most dangerous nuclear smuggling ring ever disclosed .
most recently , the pakistani government has claimed not to have known that one of its nuclear weapons developers , a national figure , was leading the most dangerous nuclear smuggling ring ever [told] .

The Center for Science in the Public Interest recently examined 163 articles in four scientific journals and identified at least 13 articles for which authors did not disclose relevant conflicts of interest that should have been disclosed according to the journals ' policies [ 8 ] .
the center for science in the public interest recently examined 163 articles in four scientific journals and identified at least 13 articles for which authors did not disclose relevant conflicts of interest that should have been [told] according to the journals ' policies [ 8 ] .

The real question is whether Lemmy Caution 's secret mission will be successful , which will require at some point that his secret mission be disclosed to the reader .
the real question is whether lemmy caution 's secret mission will be successful , which will require at some point that his secret mission be [told] to the reader .

Most pundits agree that Bradley 's recently disclosed heart problem is not a big deal .
most pundits agree that bradley 's recently [told] heart problem is not a big deal .

Francis disclosed that Archer had persuaded him to write a letter to Lord Archer 's lawyers falsely stating that they had had dinner that night , and Archer had altered his diary to show a meeting .
francis [told] that archer had persuaded him to write a letter to lord archer 's lawyers falsely stating that they had had dinner that night , and archer had altered his diary to show a meeting .

Pundits observe grimly that he has refused to offer the necessary confession or contrition , that his impeachment by the House has put him within one step of expulsion , and that the resignation of incoming Speaker Bob Livingston over his newly disclosed adultery has turned up the pressure on Clinton to follow suit .
pundits observe grimly that he has refused to offer the necessary confession or contrition , that his impeachment by the house has put him within one step of expulsion , and that the resignation of incoming speaker bob livingston over his newly [told] adultery has turned up the pressure on clinton to follow suit .

However , `` newly disclosed notes '' indicate that when Starr 's prosecutors sought the DOJ 's approval in January 1998 , they claimed to have had `` no contact with the plaintiffs ' attorneys . ''
however , `` newly [told] notes '' indicate that when starr 's prosecutors sought the doj 's approval in january 1998 , they claimed to have had `` no contact with the plaintiffs ' attorneys . ''

The paper added that however dismaying it was to discover that Sydney might not have won the 2000 Olympics on merit alone , the task now was clear : `` All details in relation to the Sydney bid should be disclosed .
the paper added that however dismaying it was to discover that sydney might not have won the 2000 olympics on merit alone , the task now was clear : `` all details in relation to the sydney bid should be [told] .

The Wall Street Journal disclosed that U.S. Navy commanders in the Persian Gulf are more worried about Iran in the long term than Iraq : Iran 's beefed-up navy is capable of cutting off one-fifth of the world 's oil supply , and its nuclear , biological , and chemical weapons make it a threat even beyond the Gulf .
the wall street journal [told] that u.s. navy commanders in the persian gulf are more worried about iran in the long term than iraq : iran 's beefed-up navy is capable of cutting off one-fifth of the world 's oil supply , and its nuclear , biological , and chemical weapons make it a threat even beyond the gulf .

Bob Dole issued a letter pretending to have spearheaded the GOP 's separation of the two bills , but the Washington Post disclosed that congressional Republicans had actually forced the idea on Dole .
bob dole issued a letter pretending to have spearheaded the gop 's separation of the two bills , but the washington post [told] that congressional republicans had actually forced the idea on dole .

One is that it now apparently is not enough to disclose the sources of the information in a story ; Brill also should have disclosed `` [ h ] ow , and with whose input , [ he chose ] to focus his investigation on Starr 's manipulation of the press rather than Clinton 's ? ''
one is that it now apparently is not enough to disclose the sources of the information in a story ; brill also should have [told] `` [ h ] ow , and with whose input , [ he chose ] to focus his investigation on starr 's manipulation of the press rather than clinton 's ? ''

The possibility of serious long-term health damage from any relatively new contraceptive like Norplant must be taken seriously , and the risks should , of course , be fully disclosed to women considering using it .
the possibility of serious long-term health damage from any relatively new contraceptive like norplant must be taken seriously , and the risks should , of course , be fully [told] to women considering using it .

Whether or not Brill thinks such a prohibition makes sense -- I look forward to 20,000 words on the topic in a future issue of Brill 's Content -- he should have disclosed this fact , as he acknowledged when busted .
whether or not brill thinks such a prohibition makes sense -- i look forward to 20,000 words on the topic in a future issue of brill 's content -- he should have [told] this fact , as he acknowledged when busted .

They came thick and fast , starting Saturday in the Times of London , which disclosed that Melita Norwood ( code name `` Hola '' ) had passed atomic secrets to the Soviet Union for 40 years while she worked as a secretary for the Tube Alloys project , a deliberately anodyne term for Britain 's nuclear weapons program .
they came thick and fast , starting saturday in the times of london , which [told] that melita norwood ( code name `` hola '' ) had passed atomic secrets to the soviet union for 40 years while she worked as a secretary for the tube alloys project , a deliberately anodyne term for britain 's nuclear weapons program .

Carnival Cruise Lines disclosed rape charges against its staff .
carnival cruise lines [told] rape charges against its staff .

FBI documents show that the use of incendiary tear gas at Waco was disclosed in 1995 .
fbi documents show that the use of incendiary tear gas at waco was [told] in 1995 .

You could do worse than the system of campaign finance that is evolving on the Web , where contributions limited to the less-than-influential amount of $ 1,000 -- approximately one-50,000 th of what Bush has raised so far -- are immediately disclosed .
you could do worse than the system of campaign finance that is evolving on the web , where contributions limited to the less-than-influential amount of $ 1,000 -- approximately one-50,000 th of what bush has raised so far -- are immediately [told] .

The market as a whole can not be systematically deluded by accounting gimmicks , as long as the gimmicks are publicly disclosed .
the market as a whole can not be systematically deluded by accounting gimmicks , as long as the gimmicks are publicly [told] .

In 1996 , the British Foreign Office disclosed that Orwell had shared some of the names in his notebook with a Cold War-era outfit called the Information Research Department .
in 1996 , the british foreign office [told] that orwell had shared some of the names in his notebook with a cold war-era outfit called the information research department .

My suggestion would be to drop the rules against conflicts of interest in favor of a simple one that says material biases should be disclosed .
my suggestion would be to drop the rules against conflicts of interest in favor of a simple one that says material biases should be [told] .

Later , when he sought approval to investigate the Lewinsky affair , should he have disclosed that his law firm had been contacted to represent Jones and that he had spoken to Jones ' attorneys several times about constitutional aspects of their case ?
later , when he sought approval to investigate the lewinsky affair , should he have [told] that his law firm had been contacted to represent jones and that he had spoken to jones ' attorneys several times about constitutional aspects of their case ?

Should he have disclosed months ago that he had found no evidence of wrongdoing by Clinton in the FBI files matter ?
should he have [told] months ago that he had found no evidence of wrongdoing by clinton in the fbi files matter ?

Meanwhile , a Swiss professor disclosed that Swiss doctors forcibly sterilized retarded patients until 20 years ago .
meanwhile , a swiss professor [told] that swiss doctors forcibly sterilized retarded patients until 20 years ago .

Update on the campaign-finance scandal hearings : 1 ) Sen. Arlen Specter , R-Penn. , disclosed that the $ 50,000 check that scandal figure Johnny Chung handed to Hillary Clinton 's chief of staff in the White House was funded by a transfer from the Bank of China .
update on the campaign-finance scandal hearings : 1 ) sen. arlen specter , r-penn. , [told] that the $ 50,000 check that scandal figure johnny chung handed to hillary clinton 's chief of staff in the white house was funded by a transfer from the bank of china .

In Rome , La Repubblica disclosed on its front page that Pope John Paul II is secretly completing a new encyclical for the third millennium .
in rome , la repubblica [told] on its front page that pope john paul ii is secretly completing a new encyclical for the third millennium .

USA Today and the Washington Post lead with revelations from newly disclosed R.J. Reynolds internal documents that seem to show that the company has persistently attempted to market cigarettes to teens .
usa today and the washington post lead with revelations from newly [told] r.j. reynolds internal documents that seem to show that the company has persistently attempted to market cigarettes to teens .

None of this was disclosed to Berger .
none of this was [told] to berger .

Among the apparent revelations in the Newsweek excerpt : ( 1 ) Reagan came much closer to death after his assassination attempt than previously disclosed .
among the apparent revelations in the newsweek excerpt : ( 1 ) reagan came much closer to death after his assassination attempt than previously [told] .

The filmmakers seem to be bending over backward -- even now -- to protect Wigand from appearing to have disclosed what he disclosed too early .
the filmmakers seem to be bending over backward -- even now -- to protect wigand from appearing to have [told] what he [told] too early .

The paper stays on the case with a front-page account of a Senate hearing Tuesday that disclosed corruption among IRS officials : one was thought to have stolen as many as twenty confiscated luxury vehicles and another wrote an anonymous threatening letter to a tax attorney who had testified against the agency at congressional hearings .
the paper stays on the case with a front-page account of a senate hearing tuesday that [told] corruption among irs officials : one was thought to have stolen as many as twenty confiscated luxury vehicles and another wrote an anonymous threatening letter to a tax attorney who had testified against the agency at congressional hearings .

Leo also told Turque that he never disclosed Cooper 's request to Gore himself , and that he does not believe Gore was ever aware of the arrangement .
leo also told turque that he never [told] cooper 's request to gore himself , and that he does not believe gore was ever aware of the arrangement .

Should n't Toobin , by his own standards , have disclosed his book dealings with Isikoff to Vast Conspiracy readers ?
should n't toobin , by his own standards , have [told] his book dealings with isikoff to vast conspiracy readers ?

Yes , if they can impose their will on individuals who do not join in their cause ; but no if the service is requested and disclosed in advance .
yes , if they can impose their will on individuals who do not join in their cause ; but no if the service is requested and [told] in advance .

They are n't publicly disclosed at all .
they are n't publicly [told] at all .

The WP reports in a story inside that the Pentagon disclosed yesterday that the explanation it offered during the Kosovo war of how a passenger train came to be bombed had a flaw .
the wp reports in a story inside that the pentagon [told] yesterday that the explanation it offered during the kosovo war of how a passenger train came to be bombed had a flaw .

Anyway , the Times obit is written by Enid Nemy , who does not normally grace the death announcement page , and she notes that no less a fan than Prince Charles `` sent a gift of homemade organic tomato soup and vanilla ice cream to Ms. Paterson after she disclosed her illness last month . ''
anyway , the times obit is written by enid nemy , who does not normally grace the death announcement page , and she notes that no less a fan than prince charles `` sent a gift of homemade organic tomato soup and vanilla ice cream to ms. paterson after she [told] her illness last month . ''

In the bail hearing , U.S. attorneys alleged that Lee 1 ) stole nuclear secrets `` sufficient to build a functional thermonuclear weapon '' ; 2 ) stored this information on a computer network easily accessible to outsiders ; and 3 ) told a colleague that he `` may have accidentally '' disclosed secrets to a foreign country .
in the bail hearing , u.s. attorneys alleged that lee 1 ) stole nuclear secrets `` sufficient to build a functional thermonuclear weapon '' ; 2 ) stored this information on a computer network easily accessible to outsiders ; and 3 ) told a colleague that he `` may have accidentally '' [told] secrets to a foreign country .

In a separate announcement , Votation.com also disclosed this week that it has received a minority equity investment from VeriSign , the publicly traded digital certification firm based in Mountain View , Calif .
in a separate announcement , votation.com also [told] this week that it has received a minority equity investment from verisign , the publicly traded digital certification firm based in mountain view , calif .

Just a few weeks ago , the RNC returned $ 15,000 to a Canadian company called Methanex after the contribution was disclosed in Roll Call .
just a few weeks ago , the rnc returned $ 15,000 to a canadian company called methanex after the contribution was [told] in roll call .

Under current law , such expenditures must be publicly disclosed , and corporations and unions are forbidden to make them ( except through PACs , which raise money from employees and members ostensibly on a voluntary basis and have their own set of financial limits ) .
under current law , such expenditures must be publicly [told] , and corporations and unions are forbidden to make them ( except through pacs , which raise money from employees and members ostensibly on a voluntary basis and have their own set of financial limits ) .

The fallback ethics argument against Taylor is that he should at least have disclosed the approach from Starr to his readers .
the fallback ethics argument against taylor is that he should at least have [told] the approach from starr to his readers .

Actually , more than a year ago ( June 18 , 1996 ) the Wall Street Journal 's Michael Frisby wrote a long story on Peter Knight that disclosed Knight 's connection to Molten , Molten 's donations to the Democrats , and the company 's success in obtaining contracts from the Clinton administration .
actually , more than a year ago ( june 18 , 1996 ) the wall street journal 's michael frisby wrote a long story on peter knight that [told] knight 's connection to molten , molten 's donations to the democrats , and the company 's success in obtaining contracts from the clinton administration .

An inside piece at the WP quotes comments made by President Richard Nixon while he was in office , but disclosed only this week in the lawsuit over his still-unsettled estate .
an inside piece at the wp quotes comments made by president richard nixon while he was in office , but [told] only this week in the lawsuit over his still-unsettled estate .

