These qualities alone , however , would not account for their success , and it took me a while to discover the crowning virtue that completes this company's collective personality .
these qualities alone , however , would not account for their success , and it took me a while to [find out] the crowning virtue that completes this company's collective personality .

Because he spoke openly with what Channing had prophesied someone might -- with daring hyperbole -- Parker vindicated Channing's further prophecy that he who committed this infraction of taste would promptly discover how little mercy liberals were disposed to allow to libertarians who appeared to them libertines .
because he spoke openly with what channing had prophesied someone might -- with daring hyperbole -- parker vindicated channing's further prophecy that he who committed this infraction of taste would promptly [find out] how little mercy liberals were disposed to allow to libertarians who appeared to them libertines .

Well , most of our fears may be unfounded , but after you discover that fact , you have something else to worry about : Why then do we have these fears ? ?
well , most of our fears may be unfounded , but after you [find out] that fact , you have something else to worry about : why then do we have these fears ? ?

Dr. Wilson C. Grant , of the Veterans' Administration Hospital , Coral Gables , Florida , and the University of Miami School of Medicine , set out to discover if avocados , because of their high content of unsaturated fatty acids , would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients .
dr. wilson c. grant , of the veterans' administration hospital , coral gables , florida , and the university of miami school of medicine , set out to [find out] if avocados , because of their high content of unsaturated fatty acids , would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients .

This year , Americans will discover previously unheard of refinements in trailers that will be exhibited in about one hundred of our nation's national , regional and local boat shows .
this year , americans will [find out] previously unheard of refinements in trailers that will be exhibited in about one hundred of our nation's national , regional and local boat shows .

Without math the men who are continually seeking the causes of and the reasons for the many things that make the world go 'round would not have any means of analyzing , standardizing , and communicating the things they discover and learn .
without math the men who are continually seeking the causes of and the reasons for the many things that make the world go 'round would not have any means of analyzing , standardizing , and communicating the things they [find out] and learn .

You will discover you keep the sauce for basting meat in one , use six for drinks , serve soup or coffee in another half-dozen -- and need one more to mix the salad dressing .
you will [find out] you keep the sauce for basting meat in one , use six for drinks , serve soup or coffee in another half-dozen -- and need one more to mix the salad dressing .

If you travel over the vast U.S.A. you will , no doubt , discover that feeding is an expensive business .
if you travel over the vast u.s.a. you will , no doubt , [find out] that feeding is an expensive business .

You may find yourself hitting bottom , literally , as you discover that water is running out even while you are putting it in .
you may find yourself hitting bottom , literally , as you [find out] that water is running out even while you are putting it in .

If you drive greater distances than that , you'll just be skimming the surface and will never discover the enchantment , fascination and beauty which lured you in the first place to explore the hinterlands .
if you drive greater distances than that , you'll just be skimming the surface and will never [find out] the enchantment , fascination and beauty which lured you in the first place to explore the hinterlands .

In its propagandistic and commercial haste to discover our folk heritage , the public has remained ignorant of definitions such as this .
in its propagandistic and commercial haste to [find out] our folk heritage , the public has remained ignorant of definitions such as this .

In some cities games were broadcast throughout the week and then on weekends the announcer was silenced , and fans must needs drive to the city from all the broadcast area to discover how their heroes were faring .
in some cities games were broadcast throughout the week and then on weekends the announcer was silenced , and fans must needs drive to the city from all the broadcast area to [find out] how their heroes were faring .

Today the Negro must discover his role in an industrialized South , which indicates that the racial aspect of the Southern dilemma hasn't changed radically , but rather has gradually come to be reflected in this new context , this new coat of paint .
today the negro must [find out] his role in an industrialized south , which indicates that the racial aspect of the southern dilemma hasn't changed radically , but rather has gradually come to be reflected in this new context , this new coat of paint .

I have chosen to use the word `` mimesis '' in its Christian rather than its classic implications and to discover in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which , as in the Christian mind , are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience , which are not reserved , as in the Greek mind , only to moments of theoretical reflection .
i have chosen to use the word `` mimesis '' in its christian rather than its classic implications and to [find out] in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which , as in the christian mind , are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience , which are not reserved , as in the greek mind , only to moments of theoretical reflection .

It would not be easy to discover a more thoroughly Southern pedigree than that of his family .
it would not be easy to [find out] a more thoroughly southern pedigree than that of his family .

Perhaps the mere fact that by plucking on the nerves nature can awaken in the most ordinary of us , temporarily anyway , the sleeping poet , and in poets can discover their immortality , is the most remarkable of all the remarkable phenomena to which we can attest ? ?
perhaps the mere fact that by plucking on the nerves nature can awaken in the most ordinary of us , temporarily anyway , the sleeping poet , and in poets can [find out] their immortality , is the most remarkable of all the remarkable phenomena to which we can attest ? ?

On the way they tried to discover all they could about Burma , and they were disturbed to find that Michael Symes's book had not presented an altogether true picture .
on the way they tried to [find out] all they could about burma , and they were disturbed to find that michael symes's book had not presented an altogether true picture .

Again , he may discover embodied within its texture a theme or idea that has been presented elsewhere and at other times in various ways .
again , he may [find out] embodied within its texture a theme or idea that has been presented elsewhere and at other times in various ways .

Kind by nature , he never refused charity to a beggar or help to anyone who asked him for it ( as Lewis would one day discover ) .
kind by nature , he never refused charity to a beggar or help to anyone who asked him for it ( as lewis would one day [find out] ) .

In Aristotle's analysis of tragedy in the Poetics , we find an attempt to isolate the art , to consider only those things proper to it , to discover how it differs from other arts , and to deal with the effects peculiar to it .
in aristotle's analysis of tragedy in the poetics , we find an attempt to isolate the art , to consider only those things proper to it , to [find out] how it differs from other arts , and to deal with the effects peculiar to it .

If man is actually the product of his environment and if science can discover the laws of human nature and the ways in which environment determines what people do , then someone -- a someone probably standing outside traditional systems of values -- can turn around and develop completely efficient means for controlling people .
if man is actually the product of his environment and if science can [find out] the laws of human nature and the ways in which environment determines what people do , then someone -- a someone probably standing outside traditional systems of values -- can turn around and develop completely efficient means for controlling people .

Under these conditions a new generation of Europeans began to discover the bonds of long association and shared values that for so long had been subordinated to nationalist xenophobia .
under these conditions a new generation of europeans began to [find out] the bonds of long association and shared values that for so long had been subordinated to nationalist xenophobia .

If we manage to keep track of a Bombus queen after she has left her feeding place , we may discover the snug little hideout which she has fixed up for herself when she woke up from her winter sleep .
if we manage to keep track of a bombus queen after she has left her feeding place , we may [find out] the snug little hideout which she has fixed up for herself when she woke up from her winter sleep .

Interviews with members of the Brandywine population were attempted in order to discover the ranking of the various families in the population .
interviews with members of the brandywine population were attempted in order to [find out] the ranking of the various families in the population .

Indeed , we should say , on the contrary , that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal's pain , that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to discover the body and feel repugnance or not .
indeed , we should say , on the contrary , that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal's pain , that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to [find out] the body and feel repugnance or not .

Instead , he constantly became lost in parts and components of them , confused some of their details with those of neighboring objects , and so on , unless he allowed time to `` trace '' the object in question through minute movements of the head and hands and in this way to discover its contours .
instead , he constantly became lost in parts and components of them , confused some of their details with those of neighboring objects , and so on , unless he allowed time to `` trace '' the object in question through minute movements of the head and hands and in this way to [find out] its contours .

Can we discover what it is in Utopia that has evoked this response ? ?
can we [find out] what it is in utopia that has evoked this response ? ?

The editor of the Newport Advertiser could discover no evidence of extenuating circumstances in the Brown trial which would warrant making an exception to the infliction of capital punishment .
the editor of the newport advertiser could [find out] no evidence of extenuating circumstances in the brown trial which would warrant making an exception to the infliction of capital punishment .

Moreover , the cost of operations is always high in any new store , as the conservative bankers who act as controllers for retail giants are beginning to discover .
moreover , the cost of operations is always high in any new store , as the conservative bankers who act as controllers for retail giants are beginning to [find out] .

We were to discover , in fact , that quite a number of people share with us the impression that , in contrast to other Soviet regions , Moscow's atmosphere is depressingly subdued and official .
we were to [find out] , in fact , that quite a number of people share with us the impression that , in contrast to other soviet regions , moscow's atmosphere is depressingly subdued and official .

Another example is his very infrequent use of the large amount of data from surveys designed to discover what and how people actually do feel and think on a broad range of topics : he cites such survey-type findings just three times .
another example is his very infrequent use of the large amount of data from surveys designed to [find out] what and how people actually do feel and think on a broad range of topics : he cites such survey-type findings just three times .

no-one today would hope to discover the unmistakable ruins of Heorot or the palace of Priam .
no-one today would hope to [find out] the unmistakable ruins of heorot or the palace of priam .

He was really amazed to discover the other guests so excited about these delicate little songs .
he was really amazed to [find out] the other guests so excited about these delicate little songs .

But one day , she expected , he would somehow discover , without her having to tell him , that there was such a woman in the world ; ;
but one day , she expected , he would somehow [find out] , without her having to tell him , that there was such a woman in the world ; ;

I seized the rack and made a western-style flying-mount just in time , one of my knees mercifully landing on my duffel bag -- and merely wrecking my camera , I was to discover later -- my other knee landing on the slivery truck floor boards and -- but this is no medical report .
i seized the rack and made a western-style flying-mount just in time , one of my knees mercifully landing on my duffel bag -- and merely wrecking my camera , i was to [find out] later -- my other knee landing on the slivery truck floor boards and -- but this is no medical report .

It is the last of the three tests of manhood which the women impose , to discover if a male is worthy of survival there .
it is the last of the three tests of manhood which the women impose , to [find out] if a male is worthy of survival there .

And when this was gone , he hadn't even a little bitter tablet to purify other water if he were to discover some stagnant jungle pool .
and when this was gone , he hadn't even a little bitter tablet to purify other water if he were to [find out] some stagnant jungle pool .

And he can be on the way to Memphis , your Gratt Shafer can , and you discover you can stay alive and hate him and love him and want him even if it means you want him -- really want him -- dead .
and he can be on the way to memphis , your gratt shafer can , and you [find out] you can stay alive and hate him and love him and want him even if it means you want him -- really want him -- dead .

They had left themselves too much to discover .
they had left themselves too much to [find out] .

Then , having wrapped the lot in an afghan my dog customarily slept on , you lammed out the front door , considerately leaving it open for neighbors to discover .
then , having wrapped the lot in an afghan my dog customarily slept on , you lammed out the front door , considerately leaving it open for neighbors to [find out] .

Most of the people we asked were surprised to discover the water 's origins .
most of the people we asked were surprised to [find out] the water 's origins .

Other staff said she seemed annoyed to discover that Mrs Fribbins had wet the bed .
other staff said she seemed annoyed to [find out] that mrs fribbins had wet the bed .

Now , with a dead sheep in place of a human body , they 're trying to discover what happens within the flames
now , with a dead sheep in place of a human body , they 're trying to [find out] what happens within the flames

It 's likely that we shall also discover new species .
it 's likely that we shall also [find out] new species .

It 's likely that we shall also discover new species .
it 's likely that we shall also [find out] new species .

Now , with a dead sheep in place of a human body , they 're trying to discover what happens within the flames
now , with a dead sheep in place of a human body , they 're trying to [find out] what happens within the flames

Roadside checks have been carried out to try to discover the identity of a baby found dead in a ditch .
roadside checks have been carried out to try to [find out] the identity of a baby found dead in a ditch .

The families of thousands of workers at a key atomic research plant are to be surveyed to discover how many children have suffered from cancer .
the families of thousands of workers at a key atomic research plant are to be surveyed to [find out] how many children have suffered from cancer .

In his absence , the judge told the jury of 7 men and 5 women that they were about to discover something they may find interesting .
in his absence , the judge told the jury of 7 men and 5 women that they were about to [find out] something they may find interesting .

The hardest thing was to discover what grey it should be painted so in the end we just guessed … not an easy thing to do with black and white photographs !
the hardest thing was to [find out] what grey it should be painted so in the end we just guessed … not an easy thing to do with black and white photographs !

There scientists will discover the sex and age of the skeletons and whether or not they had any diseases .
there scientists will [find out] the sex and age of the skeletons and whether or not they had any diseases .

An investigation has failed to discover the cause of an epidemic which struck more than sixty people and closed a school .
an investigation has failed to [find out] the cause of an epidemic which struck more than sixty people and closed a school .

An investigation has failed to discover the cause of an epidemic which struck more than sixty people . :
an investigation has failed to [find out] the cause of an epidemic which struck more than sixty people . :

Written and directed by newcomer David Beaird , this is your chance to discover an emerging talent .
written and directed by newcomer david beaird , this is your chance to [find out] an emerging talent .

Two families discover how the divide between the north and the south is narrowing .
two families [find out] how the divide between the north and the south is narrowing .

Well erm two families discover how the divide between north and south is narrowing and one lives at Wigan one family lives at Wigan and the other family , no er yeah the other family live at Bedford .
well erm two families [find out] how the divide between north and south is narrowing and one lives at wigan one family lives at wigan and the other family , no er yeah the other family live at bedford .

And two families discover how the the divide between the two is narrowing .
and two families [find out] how the the divide between the two is narrowing .

Did Doreen discover ?
did doreen [find out] ?

Under what circumstances it is released we need to discover ; maybe it is only released under special circumstances , maybe it is released all the time .
under what circumstances it is released we need to [find out] ; maybe it is only released under special circumstances , maybe it is released all the time .

One woman , Helen Edwards , said she was horrified to discover that James was the same age as her son Mark .
one woman , helen edwards , said she was horrified to [find out] that james was the same age as her son mark .

Now the accountancy firm Coopers & Lybrand has started a full-scale inquiry to try to discover what has happened to the missing millions .
now the accountancy firm coopers & lybrand has started a full-scale inquiry to try to [find out] what has happened to the missing millions .

‘ What Tory back-benchers should be thinking about is the mass retribution that will come upon the Tory Party as people discover the full impact of this treaty if it is ever brought into effect .
‘ what tory back-benchers should be thinking about is the mass retribution that will come upon the tory party as people [find out] the full impact of this treaty if it is ever brought into effect .

In cases where there was more than one accused , it was not unusual to discover that some evidence was admissible against one accused only and not the other accused .
in cases where there was more than one accused , it was not unusual to [find out] that some evidence was admissible against one accused only and not the other accused .

Nor will he make an issue of the incident in which the Home Office combed its files to discover whether the President , when an Oxford student , applied for British citizenship to avoid a military draft .
nor will he make an issue of the incident in which the home office combed its files to [find out] whether the president , when an oxford student , applied for british citizenship to avoid a military draft .

You become excited when you discover an entry from a brand leader but descend into despondency when you find that large , marketing-led organisations can be incredibly sloppy when it comes to presenting written reports .
you become excited when you [find out] an entry from a brand leader but descend into despondency when you find that large , marketing-led organisations can be incredibly sloppy when it comes to presenting written reports .

Sir Peter Holmes , Shell 's chairman who admitted that he was ‘ astonished ’ to discover that the irregularities had occurred through an associate company failing to follow strict rules against speculative dealing , said that he expected any further exposure to be limited to a £65 million charge which the company would take in its accounts for the first quarter of 1993 .
sir peter holmes , shell 's chairman who admitted that he was ‘ astonished ’ to [find out] that the irregularities had occurred through an associate company failing to follow strict rules against speculative dealing , said that he expected any further exposure to be limited to a £65 million charge which the company would take in its accounts for the first quarter of 1993 .

In church and corner shop , pub and club , residents discover a sense of belonging
in church and corner shop , pub and club , residents [find out] a sense of belonging

He ran a few yards to discover the raiders reversing a stolen grey Japanese jeep through the front of Pursuit , the men 's designer clothing shop in Crown Street .
he ran a few yards to [find out] the raiders reversing a stolen grey japanese jeep through the front of pursuit , the men 's designer clothing shop in crown street .

Investigations are continuing to discover how the two cars came to collide at the Great Stainton crossroads on the narrow road .
investigations are continuing to [find out] how the two cars came to collide at the great stainton crossroads on the narrow road .

Of course the investigation may discover a perfectly innocent explanation .
of course the investigation may [find out] a perfectly innocent explanation .

Last night a post-mortem examination was being carried out to discover how the man died but police said they were treating the death as highly suspicious .
last night a post-mortem examination was being carried out to [find out] how the man died but police said they were treating the death as highly suspicious .

‘ Suddenly serious political observers all discover simultaneously that the main story of the day is a lunch party given by Margaret Thatcher .
‘ suddenly serious political observers all [find out] simultaneously that the main story of the day is a lunch party given by margaret thatcher .

McGown , 56 , was arrested after a parliamentary select committee reported he had admitted to having ‘ undertaken experiments without following laid down procedures to discover new ways of managing pain ’ .
mcgown , 56 , was arrested after a parliamentary select committee reported he had admitted to having ‘ undertaken experiments without following laid down procedures to [find out] new ways of managing pain ’ .

Reports have alleged that a punch was thrown during the altercation , but police are questioning players and spectators to discover exactly how Mr Lavelle sustained his injuries .
reports have alleged that a punch was thrown during the altercation , but police are questioning players and spectators to [find out] exactly how mr lavelle sustained his injuries .

Mrs Hamilton said that she did not discover that she might have a legal action until 1988 .
mrs hamilton said that she did not [find out] that she might have a legal action until 1988 .

Unfortunately , people can die before they reach retirement and some of their spouses may have a rude shock when they discover that instead of receiving a huge pension fund , they are entitled only to a return of the premiums . Why is this and what can be done about it ?
unfortunately , people can die before they reach retirement and some of their spouses may have a rude shock when they [find out] that instead of receiving a huge pension fund , they are entitled only to a return of the premiums . why is this and what can be done about it ?

After four months in Hong Kong , Miller returned to Cappielow to discover that Morton had only ten players on their books .
after four months in hong kong , miller returned to cappielow to [find out] that morton had only ten players on their books .

He sees little difference between acting on stage and screen : ‘ It seems to be the same internal life that you try to discover in a character and the way you go about it is the same .
he sees little difference between acting on stage and screen : ‘ it seems to be the same internal life that you try to [find out] in a character and the way you go about it is the same .

The officer rushed outside to discover the Ford Fiesta 's front nearside door panel smashed in with a rock and a three-foot plank of wood but the culprits had fled .
the officer rushed outside to [find out] the ford fiesta 's front nearside door panel smashed in with a rock and a three-foot plank of wood but the culprits had fled .

Opening the book purely at random is to discover that most human activities appear to be the subject of superstition .
opening the book purely at random is to [find out] that most human activities appear to be the subject of superstition .

The students are visiting three French cities to discover more about the single European market , an entity which probably received a severe setback last weekend .
the students are visiting three french cities to [find out] more about the single european market , an entity which probably received a severe setback last weekend .

The elitist emphasis on the ‘ school team ’ has been replaced in Durham by the aim of giving every pupil the chance to discover hidden talents in a wide range of sporting activities .
the elitist emphasis on the ‘ school team ’ has been replaced in durham by the aim of giving every pupil the chance to [find out] hidden talents in a wide range of sporting activities .

Organisers of Britain 's oldest road race , the annual New Year 's Day Morpeth to Newcastle event , will be surprised to discover that the original prize is up for sale at a special sporting memorabilia auction .
organisers of britain 's oldest road race , the annual new year 's day morpeth to newcastle event , will be surprised to [find out] that the original prize is up for sale at a special sporting memorabilia auction .

After a barrage of love letters and phone calls , Gless was horrified to discover that the woman had been living under the floorboards of her house for at least six weeks .
after a barrage of love letters and phone calls , gless was horrified to [find out] that the woman had been living under the floorboards of her house for at least six weeks .

At the time , he was actually hoping to discover the ‘ recipe ’ for a diuretic .
at the time , he was actually hoping to [find out] the ‘ recipe ’ for a diuretic .

‘ She is naturally very unwell , and we are still attempting to discover if she was raped . ’
‘ she is naturally very unwell , and we are still attempting to [find out] if she was raped . ’

Montag returns home just after his first meeting with Clarisse to discover his wife has taken an overdose of sleeping tablets .
montag returns home just after his first meeting with clarisse to [find out] his wife has taken an overdose of sleeping tablets .

Although they are cross with themselves for being so soft , in the end they discover that they did the right thing because it is Gollum who shows them the way to Mount Doom , and Gollum who finally disposes of the Ring .
although they are cross with themselves for being so soft , in the end they [find out] that they did the right thing because it is gollum who shows them the way to mount doom , and gollum who finally disposes of the ring .

This discussion helped her to discover and develop this idea .
this discussion helped her to [find out] and develop this idea .

Karenin does discover Anna 's infidelity and ca n't disregard it .
karenin does [find out] anna 's infidelity and ca n't disregard it .

Grading — Mark Segal and Brenda Nicholson will send a questionnaire to members to discover their views and will look at what the Union position has been in the past .
grading — mark segal and brenda nicholson will send a questionnaire to members to [find out] their views and will look at what the union position has been in the past .

The lord of Parfois was a law to himself ; if he ever did discover where Master Harry lay buried , the Severn would not stop him from pursuing the dead with his living and virulent hatred , the Welsh border would be no bar to him , even the sanctity of the church would not restrain him .
the lord of parfois was a law to himself ; if he ever did [find out] where master harry lay buried , the severn would not stop him from pursuing the dead with his living and virulent hatred , the welsh border would be no bar to him , even the sanctity of the church would not restrain him .

But we have not been able to discover any contact they had in common .
but we have not been able to [find out] any contact they had in common .

‘ Give me a chance to prove myself , Mrs Smelley , and then you would n't ‘ ave to come out in all weathers , when you suddenly discover you 've taken more bookin 's than you expected . ’
‘ give me a chance to prove myself , mrs smelley , and then you would n't ‘ ave to come out in all weathers , when you suddenly [find out] you 've taken more bookin 's than you expected . ’

Next Charlie took out a small leather box and opened the lid to discover Tommy 's Military Medal and the simple words ‘ For bravery in the field ’ printed across the back .
next charlie took out a small leather box and opened the lid to [find out] tommy 's military medal and the simple words ‘ for bravery in the field ’ printed across the back .

Well , she 's about to discover Charlie Trumper 's very much alive , however ‘ igh and mighty she 's become .
well , she 's about to [find out] charlie trumper 's very much alive , however ‘ igh and mighty she 's become .

’ He looked round startled and was obviously surprised to discover that an unintroduced young woman knew his name .
’ he looked round startled and was obviously surprised to [find out] that an unintroduced young woman knew his name .

The only way to discover what on earth this means is probably to fork out £60 for the ten-week course or £48 for the eight-week course .
the only way to [find out] what on earth this means is probably to fork out £60 for the ten-week course or £48 for the eight-week course .

Those attending the day school , from 9.45am to 5pm , will discover : — female agitators in Stockton ; — local Irish nationalists ; — muck-raking pamphleteers ; — the first Labour challenges for a parliamentary seat anywhere in Britain , in Middlesbrough in 1874 .
those attending the day school , from 9.45am to 5pm , will [find out] : — female agitators in stockton ; — local irish nationalists ; — muck-raking pamphleteers ; — the first labour challenges for a parliamentary seat anywhere in britain , in middlesbrough in 1874 .

The foundation said yesterday , the start of National Cot Death Appeal Week , there is a vital need to discover how and why babies are still dying .
the foundation said yesterday , the start of national cot death appeal week , there is a vital need to [find out] how and why babies are still dying .

Master butcher Howard Callaghan returned from picking up an award for a pork window display to discover the plate glass front of the shop blown away .
master butcher howard callaghan returned from picking up an award for a pork window display to [find out] the plate glass front of the shop blown away .

Since both Chartists and temperance men remain in short supply in Ripon , we have been able to discover nothing more about the singularly unsuccessful Mr Lees .
since both chartists and temperance men remain in short supply in ripon , we have been able to [find out] nothing more about the singularly unsuccessful mr lees .

Police were reassured to discover Leanne was uninjured .
police were reassured to [find out] leanne was uninjured .

Teesside Crown Court heard how she had later gone home by bus to discover all the lights on and the door open at her home in Eddison Way , Hemlington .
teesside crown court heard how she had later gone home by bus to [find out] all the lights on and the door open at her home in eddison way , hemlington .

Middlesbrough woman Gwen Lamb was shocked to discover that anyone can offer residential accommodation to the most vulnerable in society .
middlesbrough woman gwen lamb was shocked to [find out] that anyone can offer residential accommodation to the most vulnerable in society .

And £1.5m-rated midfielder Gary Owers is still waiting to discover whether he needs surgery on a troublesome groin injury .
and £1.5m-rated midfielder gary owers is still waiting to [find out] whether he needs surgery on a troublesome groin injury .

Hewitt should discover today whether his wrist is broken .
hewitt should [find out] today whether his wrist is broken .

Northern could discover today that life in North Division One will be no easier as they visit Middlesbrough .
northern could [find out] today that life in north division one will be no easier as they visit middlesbrough .

And she becomes rather alarmed to discover the previous occupant of her room bore an uncanny resemblance to her and had a penchant for bungee jumping without a rope .
and she becomes rather alarmed to [find out] the previous occupant of her room bore an uncanny resemblance to her and had a penchant for bungee jumping without a rope .

At the request of the owner of the land , an excavator began work today to discover the extent of the fire .
at the request of the owner of the land , an excavator began work today to [find out] the extent of the fire .

Londonderry-based Trust members recently visited Armagh to discover the work being carried out in the city centre area .
londonderry-based trust members recently visited armagh to [find out] the work being carried out in the city centre area .

However , local Alliance councillor John Blair said he was ‘ very disturbed ’ to discover the council had planned to erect gates and security cameras around the park .
however , local alliance councillor john blair said he was ‘ very disturbed ’ to [find out] the council had planned to erect gates and security cameras around the park .

It is also an ambitious experiment to discover if humans , by living in a ‘ mini-Earth ’ under strictly controlled conditions , can discover ways in which mankind can live in harmony with the ecology of the real Earth , which is described the project as ‘ Biosphere 1 . ’
it is also an ambitious experiment to [find out] if humans , by living in a ‘ mini-earth ’ under strictly controlled conditions , can [find out] ways in which mankind can live in harmony with the ecology of the real earth , which is described the project as ‘ biosphere 1 . ’

To try to discover the form which put him on the verge of Ryder Cup honours in 1989 he finished 17th on the money list that year Walton has gone through around a dozen putters .
to try to [find out] the form which put him on the verge of ryder cup honours in 1989 he finished 17th on the money list that year walton has gone through around a dozen putters .

And that 's the problem facing conservationists who are trying to discover where the dormice are .
and that 's the problem facing conservationists who are trying to [find out] where the dormice are .

The treasures of a man who spent his life helping other people discover valuables in their own attics attracted interest from all over the world .
the treasures of a man who spent his life helping other people [find out] valuables in their own attics attracted interest from all over the world .

Julie is devastated to discover she is adopted and she sets out to find her natural parents .
julie is devastated to [find out] she is adopted and she sets out to find her natural parents .

Harry , what did you discover ?
harry , what did you [find out] ?

This is another programme in which we explore the boundaries of science , limits to what we know , or can possibly discover .
this is another programme in which we explore the boundaries of science , limits to what we know , or can possibly [find out] .

When she did discover they were lovers , she was bitter .
when she did [find out] they were lovers , she was bitter .

As a chemist , is there anything that you would really like to know , something you 'd really like to discover , something that if you knew you could feel you could do a whole lot more chemistry ?
as a chemist , is there anything that you would really like to know , something you 'd really like to [find out] , something that if you knew you could feel you could do a whole lot more chemistry ?

The English Tourist Board 's half of that erm is designed to persuade us , to persuade the British that erm is the year that we should discover Britain , this is the year that we should stay at home and take our holidays in the view of everything that 's happened , and in view of prices overseas .
the english tourist board 's half of that erm is designed to persuade us , to persuade the british that erm is the year that we should [find out] britain , this is the year that we should stay at home and take our holidays in the view of everything that 's happened , and in view of prices overseas .

erm what this gives us an opportunity to do is to further exploit and promote erm the English , or the sort of British holiday , and this is why we are sort of working on the theme ‘ Britain 's great ’ , because a lot of people have yet to discover various parts of Britain and there are all sorts of holidays , you know , across Britain , from Land 's End to County Antrim , from Loch Ness to London Town .
erm what this gives us an opportunity to do is to further exploit and promote erm the english , or the sort of british holiday , and this is why we are sort of working on the theme ‘ britain 's great ’ , because a lot of people have yet to [find out] various parts of britain and there are all sorts of holidays , you know , across britain , from land 's end to county antrim , from loch ness to london town .

Did you discover a lot of Britain you did n't think existed ?
did you [find out] a lot of britain you did n't think existed ?

It was madness to begin with , the only trouble is , it took forty years for the government to discover it 's own craziness and to begin to dismantle it , we are now reaping the legacy of that , of , of the , the accumulated folly of forty years is now bursting upon our cities .
it was madness to begin with , the only trouble is , it took forty years for the government to [find out] it 's own craziness and to begin to dismantle it , we are now reaping the legacy of that , of , of the , the accumulated folly of forty years is now bursting upon our cities .

However , it must also be recognised that in most cases when English speakers come across an unfamiliar word , they can pronounce it with the correct stress ( there are exceptions to this , of course ) ; in principle , it should be possible to discover what it is that the English speaker knows and to write in the form of rules .
however , it must also be recognised that in most cases when english speakers come across an unfamiliar word , they can pronounce it with the correct stress ( there are exceptions to this , of course ) ; in principle , it should be possible to [find out] what it is that the english speaker knows and to write in the form of rules .

With currently available equipment we are not able to discover what goes on in detail in the brain when someone is speaking , though we can make guesses based on evidence such as speech errors ( ‘ slips of the tongue ’ ) and the effects on speech production of different sorts of brain damage .
with currently available equipment we are not able to [find out] what goes on in detail in the brain when someone is speaking , though we can make guesses based on evidence such as speech errors ( ‘ slips of the tongue ’ ) and the effects on speech production of different sorts of brain damage .

We can discover the physical events that produce the perceptual effect of vowel quality , we can measure the intensity of different sounds ( which is closely related to the loudness that we perceive ) , and the fundamental frequency of voiced sounds ( which is closely related to pitch ) can be extracted from the speech signal .
we can [find out] the physical events that produce the perceptual effect of vowel quality , we can measure the intensity of different sounds ( which is closely related to the loudness that we perceive ) , and the fundamental frequency of voiced sounds ( which is closely related to pitch ) can be extracted from the speech signal .

Finally , it is of great importance to discover more about how the listener 's brain identifies what it receives from the ear ( stages 4 and 5 ) ; many experiments have shown how sensitive we are to very slight acoustic differences and how flexible we are in being able to adjust to very different speakers .
finally , it is of great importance to [find out] more about how the listener 's brain identifies what it receives from the ear ( stages 4 and 5 ) ; many experiments have shown how sensitive we are to very slight acoustic differences and how flexible we are in being able to adjust to very different speakers .

If there is time , students should now be encouraged to go back to some of the more difficult Tape Units dealing with connected speech ( say from Tape Unit 12 onwards , missing out Tape Unit 15 ) ; they will probably discover a lot of things they did not notice before .
if there is time , students should now be encouraged to go back to some of the more difficult tape units dealing with connected speech ( say from tape unit 12 onwards , missing out tape unit 15 ) ; they will probably [find out] a lot of things they did not notice before .

Since the Survey 's seventh question asked visitors to comment on the exhibitions which they had seen on the day of their visit , it was possible , by noting the number of replies which related to each of the three exhibitions , to discover the number of visitors attracted by each exhibition , whatever their assessment of it .
since the survey 's seventh question asked visitors to comment on the exhibitions which they had seen on the day of their visit , it was possible , by noting the number of replies which related to each of the three exhibitions , to [find out] the number of visitors attracted by each exhibition , whatever their assessment of it .

Inspector Nigel Rock of Walsall police said a reconstruction of the accident would be staged to try to discover the cause of the ‘ absolute tragedy ’ .
inspector nigel rock of walsall police said a reconstruction of the accident would be staged to try to [find out] the cause of the ‘ absolute tragedy ’ .

Fire brigade investigators are still trying to discover the cause of the explosion and any chain of events which might have led up to it .
fire brigade investigators are still trying to [find out] the cause of the explosion and any chain of events which might have led up to it .

The surgeons thought that John Cleary , 25 , had a brain tumour and performed a delicate biopsy operation in an attempt to discover its extent .
the surgeons thought that john cleary , 25 , had a brain tumour and performed a delicate biopsy operation in an attempt to [find out] its extent .

It was designed to discover the feelings of fathers and ascertain exactly how much help they really are when it comes to tending to the baby 's needs .
it was designed to [find out] the feelings of fathers and ascertain exactly how much help they really are when it comes to tending to the baby 's needs .

Only then does he discover that the system of which he is a hero is not so highly regarded by all its customers .
only then does he [find out] that the system of which he is a hero is not so highly regarded by all its customers .

Next stop is the Melling Tithebarn this Friday , when you can discover their true identity in a zany show from Forkbeard Fantasy Theatre .
next stop is the melling tithebarn this friday , when you can [find out] their true identity in a zany show from forkbeard fantasy theatre .

He said : ‘ What we want to do now is discover the total and make a statement .
he said : ‘ what we want to do now is [find out] the total and make a statement .

There were 44 tournaments on the Challenge Tour this season , the idea behind its formation being to discover and launch new talent for the future good of European golf .
there were 44 tournaments on the challenge tour this season , the idea behind its formation being to [find out] and launch new talent for the future good of european golf .

, who had felt perfectly well , was astonished to discover he had the early stages of tuberculosis .
, who had felt perfectly well , was astonished to [find out] he had the early stages of tuberculosis .

Here pupils are encouraged to analyse why they may perform disappointingly in exams as well as to discover ways of improving their preparation for tests .
here pupils are encouraged to analyse why they may perform disappointingly in exams as well as to [find out] ways of improving their preparation for tests .

To discover how to find the component values of a synthesised high-pass filter , consider the particular case of a second-order type .
to [find out] how to find the component values of a synthesised high-pass filter , consider the particular case of a second-order type .

Jenkins intends to survey all health authorities and SSDs to discover which has a policy on elder abuse and which actually has a nominated person to deal with complaints .
jenkins intends to survey all health authorities and ssds to [find out] which has a policy on elder abuse and which actually has a nominated person to deal with complaints .

Mak sees it as part of her job to raise the expectations of the community , while Lukey says : ‘ Not only do we hope to discover unmet needs , but we want to generate more demand .
mak sees it as part of her job to raise the expectations of the community , while lukey says : ‘ not only do we hope to [find out] unmet needs , but we want to generate more demand .

why not . Did you discover what company he works for ?
why not . did you [find out] what company he works for ?

, you glance at your watch and discover that it 's not half past is n't it ?
, you glance at your watch and [find out] that it 's not half past is n't it ?

In their pilgrimage to discover more of your presence in their lives .
in their pilgrimage to [find out] more of your presence in their lives .

This is tantamount to becoming an expert at walking along the street lifting your knees as high as your chin — novel but , as we discover as an infant , tiring and unnecessary !
this is tantamount to becoming an expert at walking along the street lifting your knees as high as your chin — novel but , as we [find out] as an infant , tiring and unnecessary !

If you look more carefully among the dislodged weed , you may discover the cleverly-disguised spider crabs .
if you look more carefully among the dislodged weed , you may [find out] the cleverly-disguised spider crabs .

This is almost obligatory , because it takes a bit of practise before you become dexterous enough to become adept with the net and experienced enough to discover the hiding places of the various fish and other interesting creatures .
this is almost obligatory , because it takes a bit of practise before you become dexterous enough to become adept with the net and experienced enough to [find out] the hiding places of the various fish and other interesting creatures .

By the end , we discover that of course he himself is Harry Kellerman , his alter ego and conscience .
by the end , we [find out] that of course he himself is harry kellerman , his alter ego and conscience .

Tamar had been dismayed to discover that it was the custom , among the upper classes , to employ a wetnurse for babies .
tamar had been dismayed to [find out] that it was the custom , among the upper classes , to employ a wetnurse for babies .

When they reached Aumery Park Farm , it was to discover that they had misjudged the time of their arrival .
when they reached aumery park farm , it was to [find out] that they had misjudged the time of their arrival .

Tamar always seemed to be in a bad mood recently and he was at a loss to discover the reason .
tamar always seemed to be in a bad mood recently and he was at a loss to [find out] the reason .

The British liked to think their system was different from the others , but it is not easy , in examining the literature , to discover exactly where in practice the difference lay .
the british liked to think their system was different from the others , but it is not easy , in examining the literature , to [find out] exactly where in practice the difference lay .

By putting those volunteers through a series of rapid tests on-stage , he will soon discover which of them are able of achieving the deep-trance state ; it is only these people who will respond quickly and satisfactorily to his suggestions .
by putting those volunteers through a series of rapid tests on-stage , he will soon [find out] which of them are able of achieving the deep-trance state ; it is only these people who will respond quickly and satisfactorily to his suggestions .

Of course , the fact that you discover that you have lived before at all is exciting in itself , particularly if you are able to remember details which can later be corroborated .
of course , the fact that you [find out] that you have lived before at all is exciting in itself , particularly if you are able to remember details which can later be corroborated .

Being able to look back , by means of regression , and discover that their condition has a logical and rational cause , takes away that feeling of stupidity and prevents the patient condemning himself to a lifetime of inevitable failure .
being able to look back , by means of regression , and [find out] that their condition has a logical and rational cause , takes away that feeling of stupidity and prevents the patient condemning himself to a lifetime of inevitable failure .

Eventually she had been sent to a psychiatrist to see if he could help discover the reason for what appeared to be a purely psychosomatic condition .
eventually she had been sent to a psychiatrist to see if he could help [find out] the reason for what appeared to be a purely psychosomatic condition .

Martin was a local businessman who wanted to discover more about himself and , who as part of his treatment , underwent regression therapy .
martin was a local businessman who wanted to [find out] more about himself and , who as part of his treatment , underwent regression therapy .

Why not discover them and weave them into your do-it-yourself material .
why not [find out] them and weave them into your do-it-yourself material .

Much research is going on to discover causes and treatment .
much research is going on to [find out] causes and treatment .

The object was to discover if ways could be found to make it easier to live with .
the object was to [find out] if ways could be found to make it easier to live with .

In 1985 , the advertising agency Foote , Cone & Belding conducted a series of surveys to discover how the younger sector viewed these ‘ little nuggets of sunshine ’ .
in 1985 , the advertising agency foote , cone & belding conducted a series of surveys to [find out] how the younger sector viewed these ‘ little nuggets of sunshine ’ .

The first prize is a magnificent week-long visit to New Zealand to discover the flavour of the wonderful wines of the southern hemisphere .
the first prize is a magnificent week-long visit to new zealand to [find out] the flavour of the wonderful wines of the southern hemisphere .

The luthier , Tony Rockett attempted to track down a new steel rod for my bass , only to discover that nobody in this country supplies Warwick spares .
the luthier , tony rockett attempted to track down a new steel rod for my bass , only to [find out] that nobody in this country supplies warwick spares .

You only have to study the improvisations of musicians like Charlie Parker , Clifford Brown and John Coltrane to discover an abundance of chromatic tension and resolution points .
you only have to study the improvisations of musicians like charlie parker , clifford brown and john coltrane to [find out] an abundance of chromatic tension and resolution points .

It may surprise you to discover that the continued life expectancy of a forty-year-old man in Britain today has scarcely increased at all on that of a forty-year-old man living in Britain a century ago .
it may surprise you to [find out] that the continued life expectancy of a forty-year-old man in britain today has scarcely increased at all on that of a forty-year-old man living in britain a century ago .

Given the environmental problems facing corporations and the preparedness of executives and officials unhindered by moral or ethical constraints to find ‘ rational ’ solutions , an operative criterion frequently forces itself into their consciousness — ‘ will it pay ’ ( and in whispered voices ) ‘ even though it is technically illegal ? ’ Since power has the capacity to sanctify crimes , almost in strict proportion to their enormity , corporate officials frequently discover themselves in the enviable situation of being able to conclude that ‘ it will ’ .
given the environmental problems facing corporations and the preparedness of executives and officials unhindered by moral or ethical constraints to find ‘ rational ’ solutions , an operative criterion frequently forces itself into their consciousness — ‘ will it pay ’ ( and in whispered voices ) ‘ even though it is technically illegal ? ’ since power has the capacity to sanctify crimes , almost in strict proportion to their enormity , corporate officials frequently [find out] themselves in the enviable situation of being able to conclude that ‘ it will ’ .

But of course , given the superior cunning of these corporate gentlemen , they are always able to discover another scheme , and still another scheme , and so on .
but of course , given the superior cunning of these corporate gentlemen , they are always able to [find out] another scheme , and still another scheme , and so on .

the complexity of the law enables them to discover loopholes and multiple meanings in the vague and often ambiguous wording of corporate law(s) — the pursuit of each interpretation is a further delay in the case reaching a conclusion ;
the complexity of the law enables them to [find out] loopholes and multiple meanings in the vague and often ambiguous wording of corporate law(s) — the pursuit of each interpretation is a further delay in the case reaching a conclusion ;

By rights they should now be quietly decomposing in Manchester , having tried out their experimental rhythm rock surrealism only to discover that self-analytical dance with guitars could not really compete with belching ego-Mancs who wanted to be adored or abhorred .
by rights they should now be quietly decomposing in manchester , having tried out their experimental rhythm rock surrealism only to [find out] that self-analytical dance with guitars could not really compete with belching ego-mancs who wanted to be adored or abhorred .

Wright could have sat , watched , learned and even been given a short burst to discover again what the international arena is all about .
wright could have sat , watched , learned and even been given a short burst to [find out] again what the international arena is all about .

And McMenemy will be fascinated to discover how Gazza survives against the hatchet men of Italian football .
and mcmenemy will be fascinated to [find out] how gazza survives against the hatchet men of italian football .

In the drama Kristian plays Adam the leader of a new generation of youngsters who discover they have special powers .
in the drama kristian plays adam the leader of a new generation of youngsters who [find out] they have special powers .

The world may discover that all its common interests are being managed by one concern .
the world may [find out] that all its common interests are being managed by one concern .

It can be quite illuminating to write down a few vague goals , and then to discover just how deepseated your real feelings about nursing can be .
it can be quite illuminating to write down a few vague goals , and then to [find out] just how deepseated your real feelings about nursing can be .

For the independent pusher , it can be frustrating when you wheel yourself around a likely ‘ circular ’ route , only to discover some steps have not been marked on the map so you have to turn round and come back exactly the same way .
for the independent pusher , it can be frustrating when you wheel yourself around a likely ‘ circular ’ route , only to [find out] some steps have not been marked on the map so you have to turn round and come back exactly the same way .

If only they would read a little Dickens or Kipling they would soon discover there was more to life than cheating people and watching television .
if only they would read a little dickens or kipling they would soon [find out] there was more to life than cheating people and watching television .

There will probably be an optimal ordering of the words which will give a minimal dawg , and further experiments should be performed to discover this ordering .
there will probably be an optimal ordering of the words which will give a minimal dawg , and further experiments should be performed to [find out] this ordering .

Opponents frequently struggled to cope with that type of galvanising influence as Howard Wilkinson 's team may discover for themselves on their return to Villa Park tonight .
opponents frequently struggled to cope with that type of galvanising influence as howard wilkinson 's team may [find out] for themselves on their return to villa park tonight .

Allott , also 35 , was recalled from holiday in Wales to discover his fate , but it could hardly have been a surprise as he has not regularly figured in Lancashire 's games this season .
allott , also 35 , was recalled from holiday in wales to [find out] his fate , but it could hardly have been a surprise as he has not regularly figured in lancashire 's games this season .

Mr Straw is to write to Transport Secretary John MacGregor urging a probe to discover why the vandals were n't spotted and whether cash cuts were to blame .
mr straw is to write to transport secretary john macgregor urging a probe to [find out] why the vandals were n't spotted and whether cash cuts were to blame .

Kidnap mum Kerry flies 2000 miles to discover the torment goes on
kidnap mum kerry flies 2000 miles to [find out] the torment goes on

Then another smashed the window and grabbed a bag — only to discover that it contained just 1p .
then another smashed the window and grabbed a bag — only to [find out] that it contained just 1p .

But they were enraged when they reached Five Ways to discover the one exit door was locked .
but they were enraged when they reached five ways to [find out] the one exit door was locked .

The 150-page tome is being snapped up by people anxious to discover just what the treaty is all about .
the 150-page tome is being snapped up by people anxious to [find out] just what the treaty is all about .

Finally they reached home and tried to put the kettle on for a welcome cup of tea — to discover their water had been cut off . Dave , 37 , of Belgrave , Staffs , said :
finally they reached home and tried to put the kettle on for a welcome cup of tea — to [find out] their water had been cut off . dave , 37 , of belgrave , staffs , said :

There are four opportunities to discover the beautiful countryside of the Lake District on a free guided walk organised by the national park .
there are four opportunities to [find out] the beautiful countryside of the lake district on a free guided walk organised by the national park .

Discover the dramatic scenery of the Yorkshire Dales on a guided walk designed for all the family to enjoy — it 's part of a series of family walks organised by the national park called Going Places .
[find out] the dramatic scenery of the yorkshire dales on a guided walk designed for all the family to enjoy — it 's part of a series of family walks organised by the national park called going places .

It is startling to discover that many outdoor organisations are unaware of this proposal .
it is startling to [find out] that many outdoor organisations are unaware of this proposal .

But they arrived to discover the house had been set on fire by attempts to burn large quantities of ‘ literature ’ .
but they arrived to [find out] the house had been set on fire by attempts to burn large quantities of ‘ literature ’ .

Dear God ; why do these old men discover they can get new careers lumbering ape-like through rock history .
dear god ; why do these old men [find out] they can get new careers lumbering ape-like through rock history .

She 'll discover for herself if he 's Mr Wrong .
she 'll [find out] for herself if he 's mr wrong .

You 'll discover more than 100 thrilling rides and attractions , undercover activities including films and live shows , and for sunny day enjoy the only inland Blue Flag beach .
you 'll [find out] more than 100 thrilling rides and attractions , undercover activities including films and live shows , and for sunny day enjoy the only inland blue flag beach .

Over the last few years thousands of parents have been horrified to discover blackened , rotten milk teeth in their children 's mouths .
over the last few years thousands of parents have been horrified to [find out] blackened , rotten milk teeth in their children 's mouths .

This would mean that the question of the law would depend on an examination of the processes of lawmaking to discover the extent to which it conforms to norms such as that of impartiality .
this would mean that the question of the law would depend on an examination of the processes of lawmaking to [find out] the extent to which it conforms to norms such as that of impartiality .

But the person who knows why he believes is also in a position to discover why he doubts .
but the person who knows why he believes is also in a position to [find out] why he doubts .

The Gospel of John tells of the royal officer who returns home to discover that his son has recovered : ‘ The father noted [ knew ] that this was the exact time when Jesus had said to him , ‘ Your son will live ’ , and he and all his household became believers .
the gospel of john tells of the royal officer who returns home to [find out] that his son has recovered : ‘ the father noted [ knew ] that this was the exact time when jesus had said to him , ‘ your son will live ’ , and he and all his household became believers .

As to what Parliament so prescribes , one must look to the Act delegating the power to legislate in order to discover what conditions it is necessary to fulfil in order for the instrument in question to acquire validity .
as to what parliament so prescribes , one must look to the act delegating the power to legislate in order to [find out] what conditions it is necessary to fulfil in order for the instrument in question to acquire validity .

As teachers left Northwich , they knew that the weeks and months ahead will be full of opportunities to discover and enjoy the riches of this new programme .
as teachers left northwich , they knew that the weeks and months ahead will be full of opportunities to [find out] and enjoy the riches of this new programme .

It 'll Be All Right on the Night host Dennis Norden searched for his cordless telephone , only to discover that his pet dog had buried it in the garden of his London home .
it 'll be all right on the night host dennis norden searched for his cordless telephone , only to [find out] that his pet dog had buried it in the garden of his london home .

Most bereaved people soon begin to discover that grief does not settle in their life like a gravestone , permanent and immovable : it lives , moves and changes , like all great emotions , and they finally emerge from it not crippled , but stronger in many ways than they were before , in spite of their loss .
most bereaved people soon begin to [find out] that grief does not settle in their life like a gravestone , permanent and immovable : it lives , moves and changes , like all great emotions , and they finally emerge from it not crippled , but stronger in many ways than they were before , in spite of their loss .

She may also be helped to understand that if she is willing to try to spread the love she once gave to one person around to others who may be badly in need of it , she will move into an entirely different dimension emotionally : one that will provide her with new satisfactions and in which she will discover that the lovers of this world are not only those who enjoy a close and exclusive relationship .
she may also be helped to understand that if she is willing to try to spread the love she once gave to one person around to others who may be badly in need of it , she will move into an entirely different dimension emotionally : one that will provide her with new satisfactions and in which she will [find out] that the lovers of this world are not only those who enjoy a close and exclusive relationship .

Not only did he find this crude form of seal unsuitable for his normal still wines , but when he began to produce sparkling wines the total inadequacy of wooden pegs for imprisoning the carbonic gas was such that he set out to discover a more efficient seal .
not only did he find this crude form of seal unsuitable for his normal still wines , but when he began to produce sparkling wines the total inadequacy of wooden pegs for imprisoning the carbonic gas was such that he set out to [find out] a more efficient seal .

They 're not labelled either — it 's up to you to discover which coloured circle makes the ball stick to your bat , which makes it split into three , etc .
they 're not labelled either — it 's up to you to [find out] which coloured circle makes the ball stick to your bat , which makes it split into three , etc .

She was to discover that she could see for miles from the attic windows — almost the whole of Bristol .
she was to [find out] that she could see for miles from the attic windows — almost the whole of bristol .

But , in our enthusiasm to discover our heritage , we are ruining the very scenery we go to enjoy , damaging natural habitats , wearing down footpaths , disturbing wildlife , polluting the air and dropping litter .
but , in our enthusiasm to [find out] our heritage , we are ruining the very scenery we go to enjoy , damaging natural habitats , wearing down footpaths , disturbing wildlife , polluting the air and dropping litter .

How to discover if you 're allergic
how to [find out] if you 're allergic

The zero foods experiment will help you discover if you too can gain relief .
the zero foods experiment will help you [find out] if you too can gain relief .

Discover how exercise reorganising your life , technology and alternative medicine can take the ache out of your days .
[find out] how exercise reorganising your life , technology and alternative medicine can take the ache out of your days .

If you discover your window frames are rotting , do n't panic — they 're easy to repair
if you [find out] your window frames are rotting , do n't panic — they 're easy to repair

If you discover an iron mould stain , cover thickly with salt and moisten with lemon juice .
if you [find out] an iron mould stain , cover thickly with salt and moisten with lemon juice .

New Zealand has a growing reputation as a producer of world-class wines . Why not discover a taste of New Zealand with a superb Chenin Blanc from the Cook 's Wine Company ?
new zealand has a growing reputation as a producer of world-class wines . why not [find out] a taste of new zealand with a superb chenin blanc from the cook 's wine company ?

Discover a very different region where the Spanish themselves love to go
[find out] a very different region where the spanish themselves love to go

Take in just a few of Northern Spain 's options , and discover the Spain that the Spanish truly love .
take in just a few of northern spain 's options , and [find out] the spain that the spanish truly love .

Therefore we have to discover his plans and act accordingly .
therefore we have to [find out] his plans and act accordingly .

But we also discover that , far from being a burden , prayer is a refreshment and a joy .
but we also [find out] that , far from being a burden , prayer is a refreshment and a joy .

‘ Madame Gloriana ’ , the sign read , and then in smaller letters underneath , ‘ Discover what the future holds for you .
‘ madame gloriana ’ , the sign read , and then in smaller letters underneath , ‘ [find out] what the future holds for you .

Discover the magic of Venice
[find out] the magic of venice

Part of the experiment was to discover resident reactions to the measures and to relate these to the expenditure incurred , thus providing a crude measure of cost-effectiveness .
part of the experiment was to [find out] resident reactions to the measures and to relate these to the expenditure incurred , thus providing a crude measure of cost-effectiveness .

Specifically , it was hoped to discover how cyclists would use and perceive a comprehensive and integrated bicycle network and whether an increase in bicycle traffic and/or a decrease in cycling accidents would result .
specifically , it was hoped to [find out] how cyclists would use and perceive a comprehensive and integrated bicycle network and whether an increase in bicycle traffic and/or a decrease in cycling accidents would result .

It took four years for Edouard to discover the one aspect of his life the columnists had never suspected : he was lonely .
it took four years for edouard to [find out] the one aspect of his life the columnists had never suspected : he was lonely .

The children are then asked to look at the paper and will be amazed to discover that your prediction is correct .
the children are then asked to look at the paper and will be amazed to [find out] that your prediction is correct .

This is a very good trick , because it is almost impossible to discover the method .
this is a very good trick , because it is almost impossible to [find out] the method .

Last week long-term season ticket holder Jan Buttigieg was incensed to discover that she could n't get home .
last week long-term season ticket holder jan buttigieg was incensed to [find out] that she could n't get home .

Worcestershire were next to discover that the demon remains intact , 7 for 29 bringing Sussex consecutive Championship victories for the first time since August 1990 .
worcestershire were next to [find out] that the demon remains intact , 7 for 29 bringing sussex consecutive championship victories for the first time since august 1990 .

The Interminable Akers : Scientists in the research facility of an unnamed high-technology company discover the secret of perpetual vigorous life … or think they do .
the interminable akers : scientists in the research facility of an unnamed high-technology company [find out] the secret of perpetual vigorous life … or think they do .

Whenever we compare two or more people , we can discover a variety of attributes in respect of which they may be equal or unequal .
whenever we compare two or more people , we can [find out] a variety of attributes in respect of which they may be equal or unequal .

The organization of competitive pupil participation thus avoids excesses of boredom and inattention especially where false questioning trails can be set in the early stages and the ‘ answer ’ or ‘ point ’ of the lesson delayed so that pupils have to work hard to discover it .
the organization of competitive pupil participation thus avoids excesses of boredom and inattention especially where false questioning trails can be set in the early stages and the ‘ answer ’ or ‘ point ’ of the lesson delayed so that pupils have to work hard to [find out] it .

This has enabled authors to make claims and counter claims about the importance of different variables in the absence of any sustained efforts to discover which are directly and which are artefactually related to abuse .
this has enabled authors to make claims and counter claims about the importance of different variables in the absence of any sustained efforts to [find out] which are directly and which are artefactually related to abuse .

It did not require a genius to discover that there had been a structural failure of the right stabiliser in down-load while the aircraft was on final approach to land and that fundamental to the failure was a massive fatigue fracture of the rear spar of the stabiliser emanating from the hole of the eleventh fastener on the forward flange of the stabiliser chord .
it did not require a genius to [find out] that there had been a structural failure of the right stabiliser in down-load while the aircraft was on final approach to land and that fundamental to the failure was a massive fatigue fracture of the rear spar of the stabiliser emanating from the hole of the eleventh fastener on the forward flange of the stabiliser chord .

Meanwhile Chris Protheroe , who spent much of the next few months at the massive Boeing plant in Seattle , was trying to discover the origin of the fatigue fracture of the stabilizer rear spar top chord .
meanwhile chris protheroe , who spent much of the next few months at the massive boeing plant in seattle , was trying to [find out] the origin of the fatigue fracture of the stabilizer rear spar top chord .

Within the hotel , you 'll discover guest rooms bathed in luxury , two swimming pools for luxurious bathing , restaurants and lounges with a delicious difference , the unique style and facilities of our Regency Club , and , of course , gracious service .
within the hotel , you 'll [find out] guest rooms bathed in luxury , two swimming pools for luxurious bathing , restaurants and lounges with a delicious difference , the unique style and facilities of our regency club , and , of course , gracious service .

To help you choose which of Thailand 's exotic delights to explore , we 're even written a Discover Thailand booklet for you to explore first .
to help you choose which of thailand 's exotic delights to explore , we 're even written a [find out] thailand booklet for you to explore first .

Discover Hotel Conrad Chelsea Harbour , London 's unique suite hotel on the Thames that is the essence of Conrad Hilton 's hospitality .
[find out] hotel conrad chelsea harbour , london 's unique suite hotel on the thames that is the essence of conrad hilton 's hospitality .

Discover at a gentle pace this idyllic island and its people .
[find out] at a gentle pace this idyllic island and its people .

Discover the wonderful Ionian Islands on one of our flotillas tailored to give confidence to the inexperienced and freedom to the expert .
[find out] the wonderful ionian islands on one of our flotillas tailored to give confidence to the inexperienced and freedom to the expert .

It 's an exciting new venture , as you 'll discover if you join us .
it 's an exciting new venture , as you 'll [find out] if you join us .

• Chance to discover and explore historic Lisbon .
• chance to [find out] and explore historic lisbon .

Add the life and colour of cities such as New York , Washington , San Francisco and Vancouver , and this is a land it would take more than a lifetime to truly discover .
add the life and colour of cities such as new york , washington , san francisco and vancouver , and this is a land it would take more than a lifetime to truly [find out] .

Discover the diversity and striking collection for yourself .
[find out] the diversity and striking collection for yourself .

There 's more to a name than meets the eye as you will discover when you send for our brochure .
there 's more to a name than meets the eye as you will [find out] when you send for our brochure .

Discover Healthy Home Cooking free for 10 days …
[find out] healthy home cooking free for 10 days …

All the recipes have been tested for flavour — as your family and friends will discover to their delight !
all the recipes have been tested for flavour — as your family and friends will [find out] to their delight !

Discover our huge collection of innovative ideas and quality products , all designed to make your life that much easier !
[find out] our huge collection of innovative ideas and quality products , all designed to make your life that much easier !

It 's the perfect way to discover the true nature of a country and its people .
it 's the perfect way to [find out] the true nature of a country and its people .

It can also be used on top of an electric blanket although you 'll soon discover that because of the natural thermal qualities of lambswool fleece you 'll be using your electric blanket much less .
it can also be used on top of an electric blanket although you 'll soon [find out] that because of the natural thermal qualities of lambswool fleece you 'll be using your electric blanket much less .

He was diligent in visiting the sick and distressed , supposing this to be ‘ the fittest time to discover to them those errors to which health and prosperity had blinded them ’ .
he was diligent in visiting the sick and distressed , supposing this to be ‘ the fittest time to [find out] to them those errors to which health and prosperity had blinded them ’ .

Indeed , it is rather illuminating to discover that within the first few pages of her book — and before she has even introduced her own work — she peremptorily dismisses the idea that genius is akin to madness .
indeed , it is rather illuminating to [find out] that within the first few pages of her book — and before she has even introduced her own work — she peremptorily dismisses the idea that genius is akin to madness .

This summer come Post Trail Riding and discover excellent riding on the drovers ' trails and bridle paths of Britain 's Big Country Northumbria .
this summer come post trail riding and [find out] excellent riding on the drovers ' trails and bridle paths of britain 's big country northumbria .

And to discover the rest of it , why not take a Sealink ferry from Harwich to the Hook of Holland ?
and to [find out] the rest of it , why not take a sealink ferry from harwich to the hook of holland ?

Discover Savoy Alps this summer and you 'll find holidays that suit tout le monde down to the ground .
[find out] savoy alps this summer and you 'll find holidays that suit tout le monde down to the ground .

In tonight 's programme , Laura and her parents discover whether she is suitable for the surgery , which has only been carried out on a handful of other patients and is still at the experimental stage .
in tonight 's programme , laura and her parents [find out] whether she is suitable for the surgery , which has only been carried out on a handful of other patients and is still at the experimental stage .

If Dr Shakell Qureshi and Professor Michael Tynan discover her artery is too narrow , they will attempt to widen it with the metal tubes which will allow the blood to flow more easily into her lungs .
if dr shakell qureshi and professor michael tynan [find out] her artery is too narrow , they will attempt to widen it with the metal tubes which will allow the blood to flow more easily into her lungs .

Juveniles who do not respond to ‘ mediation and reparation ’ are given one-to-one counselling , encouraged to focus on their crime and discover ways of avoiding re-offending .
juveniles who do not respond to ‘ mediation and reparation ’ are given one-to-one counselling , encouraged to focus on their crime and [find out] ways of avoiding re-offending .

Anabelle and Jeremy arrived to discover the dog standing proudly before a hole in the ground next to the wooden fence .
anabelle and jeremy arrived to [find out] the dog standing proudly before a hole in the ground next to the wooden fence .

Those who care for ‘ ordinary ’ old people learn much about the courage and competence which so many display ; they discover that it is their ordinariness which is remarkable — their determination to carry on with the daily business of life , often in the face of considerable difficulties .
those who care for ‘ ordinary ’ old people learn much about the courage and competence which so many display ; they [find out] that it is their ordinariness which is remarkable — their determination to carry on with the daily business of life , often in the face of considerable difficulties .

Thirdly , by its very nature , abuse is likely to be ‘ hidden ’ and difficult to discover ( except in its grossest forms ) , with the abused person , as well as the abuser , having a stake in keeping it secret .
thirdly , by its very nature , abuse is likely to be ‘ hidden ’ and difficult to [find out] ( except in its grossest forms ) , with the abused person , as well as the abuser , having a stake in keeping it secret .

She points out that we know little of the differential impact of changing material circumstances on different kinds of tending , and is surely right when she argues that it would be ‘ useful and interesting to discover how long term unemployment alters conjugal roles as far as caring is concerned ’ .
she points out that we know little of the differential impact of changing material circumstances on different kinds of tending , and is surely right when she argues that it would be ‘ useful and interesting to [find out] how long term unemployment alters conjugal roles as far as caring is concerned ’ .

Investigating officers sifted through the debris of the workshops yesterday in an attempt to discover the cause of the fire but Detective Sergeant Andy Adams of Clacton police said : ‘ At this stage we are not able to say exactly how the fire started .
investigating officers sifted through the debris of the workshops yesterday in an attempt to [find out] the cause of the fire but detective sergeant andy adams of clacton police said : ‘ at this stage we are not able to say exactly how the fire started .

Firefighters spent more than eight hours at the scene , damping down the smouldering straw and attempting to discover how the blaze started .
firefighters spent more than eight hours at the scene , damping down the smouldering straw and attempting to [find out] how the blaze started .

The thieves smashed down doors and broke open hardened-steel padlocks to gain entry to the Redoubt Fort , in Harwich , only to discover nothing of value inside .
the thieves smashed down doors and broke open hardened-steel padlocks to gain entry to the redoubt fort , in harwich , only to [find out] nothing of value inside .

To discover that just read on and see what you get for your money .
to [find out] that just read on and see what you get for your money .

You 'll discover a whole New World of difference .
you 'll [find out] a whole new world of difference .

If you 've been impressed so far , you 'll be pleased to know that there 's even more to discover when you see the new Moffat Discovery for yourself .
if you 've been impressed so far , you 'll be pleased to know that there 's even more to [find out] when you see the new moffat discovery for yourself .

After a leisurely breakfast accompanied by the Sunday papers , perhaps you 'd like to discover the local beauty spots of which Royal Deeside is justifiably proud .
after a leisurely breakfast accompanied by the sunday papers , perhaps you 'd like to [find out] the local beauty spots of which royal deeside is justifiably proud .

And as you walk around the spacious interiors you 'll discover just how magnificently we 've succeeded .
and as you walk around the spacious interiors you 'll [find out] just how magnificently we 've succeeded .

Discover the new Allied and find a whole world of living ideas to inspire your imagination .
[find out] the new allied and find a whole world of living ideas to inspire your imagination .

Make a date at your nearest appointed salon and discover what Lamaur hair care can do for you .
make a date at your nearest appointed salon and [find out] what lamaur hair care can do for you .

Whether you 're in a tight corner or just playing it straight , fit Harrison Drape 's new Superstyle ready corded track and you 'll discover it has some unexpectedly handy features .
whether you 're in a tight corner or just playing it straight , fit harrison drape 's new superstyle ready corded track and you 'll [find out] it has some unexpectedly handy features .

Discover what 's cooking in your garden .
[find out] what 's cooking in your garden .

Every election , some people discover that they are unregistered , and in most cases it is because they either forgot to fill in the form , or they moved in too late in the year to qualify .
every election , some people [find out] that they are unregistered , and in most cases it is because they either forgot to fill in the form , or they moved in too late in the year to qualify .

He turned shortly to discover Willie staring at him .
he turned shortly to [find out] willie staring at him .

When a taxi-driver took the band to the wrong side of town earlier in the day , the Franks simply sat on a nearby wall , chilled out and waited for ‘ someone else ’ to panic and discover their whereabouts .
when a taxi-driver took the band to the wrong side of town earlier in the day , the franks simply sat on a nearby wall , chilled out and waited for ‘ someone else ’ to panic and [find out] their whereabouts .

If we are willing to embark on an inner journey , we can discover all of the beliefs , expectations and hidden agendas through which we create our own lives , and begin to create the future of our Dreams .
if we are willing to embark on an inner journey , we can [find out] all of the beliefs , expectations and hidden agendas through which we create our own lives , and begin to create the future of our dreams .

We can also tap into inner wisdom and guidance , and discover our higher purpose .
we can also tap into inner wisdom and guidance , and [find out] our higher purpose .

Someone crashes into their car ; soon after that the house is burgled ; then a neighbour dies ; then they discover dry rot in the living room — and so it goes on .
someone crashes into their car ; soon after that the house is burgled ; then a neighbour dies ; then they [find out] dry rot in the living room — and so it goes on .

It is through change that we grow and discover ourselves , that we begin to actualise some of the myriad possibilities of our lives .
it is through change that we grow and [find out] ourselves , that we begin to actualise some of the myriad possibilities of our lives .

To their credit , a few prisoners do manage to discover their loving , creative , expansive side — Jimmy Boyle being a celebrated example — but this does break the unspoken rule .
to their credit , a few prisoners do manage to [find out] their loving , creative , expansive side — jimmy boyle being a celebrated example — but this does break the unspoken rule .

When we observe the Ego instead of identifying with it , we discover our Self .
when we observe the ego instead of identifying with it , we [find out] our self .

We discover damp rising from the cellar , and dismiss it as ‘ bad luck ’ .
we [find out] damp rising from the cellar , and dismiss it as ‘ bad luck ’ .

Suppose you discover that your car has been clamped .
suppose you [find out] that your car has been clamped .

Another example : imagine that you buy a bar of chocolate , and later discover that you were short-changed by five pounds .
another example : imagine that you buy a bar of chocolate , and later [find out] that you were short-changed by five pounds .

What you need is the willingness to sit with yourself and discover this .
what you need is the willingness to sit with yourself and [find out] this .

Their concern was not that others might come here one day and identify the place as having been the kidnappers ' hideout ; rather , that those examiners would never discover who the kidnappers had been .
their concern was not that others might come here one day and identify the place as having been the kidnappers ' hideout ; rather , that those examiners would never [find out] who the kidnappers had been .

My wish for you is that in your travels you will discover in yourself a truer meaning of life , and will one day return to us enriched and mature from your experiences .
my wish for you is that in your travels you will [find out] in yourself a truer meaning of life , and will one day return to us enriched and mature from your experiences .

As this summer 's trippers to Spain will discover , the excluded , the powerless , the one-third that are ignored and taken for granted , can still have their say .
as this summer 's trippers to spain will [find out] , the excluded , the powerless , the one-third that are ignored and taken for granted , can still have their say .

Nothing in the South Ronaldsay community would approach normality for a very long time , and most people from the village and the surrounding community had turned out to discover for themselves what was happening , and then to lend their support to the stricken families .
nothing in the south ronaldsay community would approach normality for a very long time , and most people from the village and the surrounding community had turned out to [find out] for themselves what was happening , and then to lend their support to the stricken families .

She remembered her younger daughter , aged eleven , was still in bed in the caravan and ran out to discover that the child had been wakened and dressed by social workers , and was already in their car .
she remembered her younger daughter , aged eleven , was still in bed in the caravan and ran out to [find out] that the child had been wakened and dressed by social workers , and was already in their car .

She sought to discover where he had obtained the information he was supposed to have passed on to a Sunday newspaper .
she sought to [find out] where he had obtained the information he was supposed to have passed on to a sunday newspaper .

Whoever she was living with , roused by the smell of burning , had come downstairs to discover her slumped across the hearth with her head pressed up against a glowing electric fire .
whoever she was living with , roused by the smell of burning , had come downstairs to [find out] her slumped across the hearth with her head pressed up against a glowing electric fire .

This magazine , the readers of the Guardian will have been appalled to discover , is plagued by ‘ young men from Coopers & Lybrand in striped shirts looking suspiciously at cartoons for excess intelligence .
this magazine , the readers of the guardian will have been appalled to [find out] , is plagued by ‘ young men from coopers & lybrand in striped shirts looking suspiciously at cartoons for excess intelligence .

On a similar tack , Guttersnipe would be intrigued to discover whether Mr Wahlberg was responsible for any more than 20 per cent of the many sexual peccadilloes attributed to him in this column .
on a similar tack , guttersnipe would be intrigued to [find out] whether mr wahlberg was responsible for any more than 20 per cent of the many sexual peccadilloes attributed to him in this column .

Having already made substantial structural changes to his garage to make room for the aeroplane 's assembly , and storage when complete , he spent the first days after its arrival using some of the surplus lumber from its packing crate to build a workbench , only to discover on completion that it all had to come apart again to extract the stepladder he 'd used to support it during assembly .
having already made substantial structural changes to his garage to make room for the aeroplane 's assembly , and storage when complete , he spent the first days after its arrival using some of the surplus lumber from its packing crate to build a workbench , only to [find out] on completion that it all had to come apart again to extract the stepladder he 'd used to support it during assembly .

Sean French is horrified to discover that God is a psychopath
sean french is horrified to [find out] that god is a psychopath

The shock for an innocent like me is to discover that Moses ' conversations with God resemble a policeman negotiating with a psychopath brandishing a nuclear weapon and making wild demands .
the shock for an innocent like me is to [find out] that moses ' conversations with god resemble a policeman negotiating with a psychopath brandishing a nuclear weapon and making wild demands .

This week we will discover if they have been persuaded that it can be so .
this week we will [find out] if they have been persuaded that it can be so .

Discover holy ground .
[find out] holy ground .

Use balloon ripstop on a 110-degree narrow Delta steerable kite , and you will soon discover why the spinnaker nylon is best .
use balloon ripstop on a 110-degree narrow delta steerable kite , and you will soon [find out] why the spinnaker nylon is best .

You will be surprised to discover just how hard those needles work .
you will be surprised to [find out] just how hard those needles work .

As we were to discover , Alan Peacock 's aeromodelling experience had obviously influenced the detail in his fighter .
as we were to [find out] , alan peacock 's aeromodelling experience had obviously influenced the detail in his fighter .

You will quickly discover on the first launch , if otherwise .
you will quickly [find out] on the first launch , if otherwise .

Dig deep enough into Cud 's sordid past and you discover many horrible things .
dig deep enough into cud 's sordid past and you [find out] many horrible things .

‘ That we shall have to discover . Scouts out … ’
‘ that we shall have to [find out] . scouts out … ’

Into this chamber he went , to discover a woman standing beside a great canopied bed , who screamed at the sight of him , armoured and sword drawn .
into this chamber he went , to [find out] a woman standing beside a great canopied bed , who screamed at the sight of him , armoured and sword drawn .

Ramsay should go out and discover the position outside .
ramsay should go out and [find out] the position outside .

‘ If you look up behind you , Mariot , in the corner , you will perhaps discover a small hole in the stonework .
‘ if you look up behind you , mariot , in the corner , you will perhaps [find out] a small hole in the stonework .

They had not long to wait to discover whether Edward was in earnest or not .
they had not long to wait to [find out] whether edward was in earnest or not .

Undeterred nevertheless , he splashes the details of his serious allegations all over the front page , only to discover that
undeterred nevertheless , he splashes the details of his serious allegations all over the front page , only to [find out] that

Politicians and others are trying to discover the limits of power .
politicians and others are trying to [find out] the limits of power .

News media which claim to be non-partisan attempt to discover the ‘ middle ground ’ and to maintain a balance between the different sides in political arguments .
news media which claim to be non-partisan attempt to [find out] the ‘ middle ground ’ and to maintain a balance between the different sides in political arguments .

Alongside the emphasis on knowledge , great faith was also placed in the power of science to discover the laws of the physical universe , society and even human personality itself , so that the world and individuals could be improved by being controlled .
alongside the emphasis on knowledge , great faith was also placed in the power of science to [find out] the laws of the physical universe , society and even human personality itself , so that the world and individuals could be improved by being controlled .

Also , by looking at the activities you are good at and enjoy you may well discover talents and abilities which you have not considered before as being useful in a job .
also , by looking at the activities you are good at and enjoy you may well [find out] talents and abilities which you have not considered before as being useful in a job .

Chapter 2 aimed to let you learn some things about yourself and to discover what kind of area you might feel happiest and most fulfilled working in .
chapter 2 aimed to let you learn some things about yourself and to [find out] what kind of area you might feel happiest and most fulfilled working in .

He thrust into her , and was gratified to discover one thing ; she was a virgin , as he had hoped .
he thrust into her , and was gratified to [find out] one thing ; she was a virgin , as he had hoped .

Many of the disciplines of contemplation have been designed precisely to wean the mind and head away from these earth-bound modes of perception to help them to discover another kind of experience , which they call ‘ spiritual ’ .
many of the disciplines of contemplation have been designed precisely to wean the mind and head away from these earth-bound modes of perception to help them to [find out] another kind of experience , which they call ‘ spiritual ’ .

Lectio or Reading was considered essential for prayer ( Oratio ) ; it enabled a monk to enter into himself and discover what had to be changed in the light of divine truth .
lectio or reading was considered essential for prayer ( oratio ) ; it enabled a monk to enter into himself and [find out] what had to be changed in the light of divine truth .

The ‘ heroic lays , which the Beowulf -poet knew and alluded to sound very fine from his allusions , but if we had them we might discover that the fascination came from his art , not theirs .
the ‘ heroic lays , which the beowulf -poet knew and alluded to sound very fine from his allusions , but if we had them we might [find out] that the fascination came from his art , not theirs .

By some means they would discover all the people who were likely to have called at Wyvis Hall in the capacity of tradesmen or service operatives : dustmen , meter readers , gardeners , antique dealers , perhaps — why not ?
by some means they would [find out] all the people who were likely to have called at wyvis hall in the capacity of tradesmen or service operatives : dustmen , meter readers , gardeners , antique dealers , perhaps — why not ?

To discover how these embalmed bodies were wrapped after the completion of the process we need to turn to the report of the examination of the ‘ mummy ’ of William Lyndewode , Bishop of St David 's ( d.1446 ) , discovered in 1852 during the reconstruction of St Stephen 's Chapel at the Palace of Westminster .
to [find out] how these embalmed bodies were wrapped after the completion of the process we need to turn to the report of the examination of the ‘ mummy ’ of william lyndewode , bishop of st david 's ( d.1446 ) , discovered in 1852 during the reconstruction of st stephen 's chapel at the palace of westminster .

The sports clubs were eager to discover promising members .
the sports clubs were eager to [find out] promising members .

Anyone who has enrolled himself as a disciple of Jesus will want to study the Gospels to discover his teaching about prayer .
anyone who has enrolled himself as a disciple of jesus will want to study the gospels to [find out] his teaching about prayer .

All that men discover :
all that men [find out] :

Quite probably you will have discovered that you put much more emphasis than we did on the immediate problem of trying to discover whether it was Chrissie or Fred who was telling the truth .
quite probably you will have discovered that you put much more emphasis than we did on the immediate problem of trying to [find out] whether it was chrissie or fred who was telling the truth .

You will have to read through these to discover whether the attempt is ultimately successful or not .
you will have to read through these to [find out] whether the attempt is ultimately successful or not .

We would couple this with an investigation to discover the real cause or causes of the high labour turnover ( which may turn out to have nothing to do with the immediate problem ) .
we would couple this with an investigation to [find out] the real cause or causes of the high labour turnover ( which may turn out to have nothing to do with the immediate problem ) .

Brilliant follow-up to last year 's acclaimed Nudists May Be Encountered , in which we discover the quirky but mundane lifestyle of our heroine , Alice .
brilliant follow-up to last year 's acclaimed nudists may be encountered , in which we [find out] the quirky but mundane lifestyle of our heroine , alice .

This involves the obvious and is a great incentive for your debtor to discover that he really can pay you after all .
this involves the obvious and is a great incentive for your debtor to [find out] that he really can pay you after all .

It is usually not too difficult to look around and discover who some of their other suppliers are and to check with them as well if you consider this appropriate .
it is usually not too difficult to look around and [find out] who some of their other suppliers are and to check with them as well if you consider this appropriate .

The next morning , realizing and regretting what they 'd done , they went back to the pub and were relieved to discover that the publican had n't cashed their cheque .
the next morning , realizing and regretting what they 'd done , they went back to the pub and were relieved to [find out] that the publican had n't cashed their cheque .

Flashback to 30 March 1968 : two kids playing in a deserted tenement block discover a corpse .
flashback to 30 march 1968 : two kids playing in a deserted tenement block [find out] a corpse .

So get back to nature , try alternatives to conventional toiletries and techniques , and discover some New Age solutions to your health and beauty problems .
so get back to nature , try alternatives to conventional toiletries and techniques , and [find out] some new age solutions to your health and beauty problems .

And no easy way to discover the answers .
and no easy way to [find out] the answers .

With a bloody chin and an empty stomach , Manville had left his apartment already fuming , only to discover that vandals had been at work on his car during the night .
with a bloody chin and an empty stomach , manville had left his apartment already fuming , only to [find out] that vandals had been at work on his car during the night .

It is startling how quickly children discover that they are not wanted .
it is startling how quickly children [find out] that they are not wanted .

It had taken him only a few moments to discover , from his wife 's tirade , that Hank 's book was not quite so innocent as he had imagined ; however , any book that made so much money was a good book , in his opinion , and he had defended Hank hotly .
it had taken him only a few moments to [find out] , from his wife 's tirade , that hank 's book was not quite so innocent as he had imagined ; however , any book that made so much money was a good book , in his opinion , and he had defended hank hotly .

But , as you 'll discover , they nearly all do — it 's a good way of giving customers added value .
but , as you 'll [find out] , they nearly all do — it 's a good way of giving customers added value .

It comes as no surprise , for example , to discover that the argument about poststructuralism neglecting history was initiated by those whose own intellectual formation can be identified with the existential Marxist humanism of the New Left of the 1950s and early 1960s .
it comes as no surprise , for example , to [find out] that the argument about poststructuralism neglecting history was initiated by those whose own intellectual formation can be identified with the existential marxist humanism of the new left of the 1950s and early 1960s .

The basic theoretical problem had been to show how two or more autonomous and contradictory totalizations make up one dialectical intelligibility : to do this he needed to totalize the classes in struggle , and to discover the synthetic unity of a conflictual society .
the basic theoretical problem had been to show how two or more autonomous and contradictory totalizations make up one dialectical intelligibility : to do this he needed to totalize the classes in struggle , and to [find out] the synthetic unity of a conflictual society .

It begins by delineating the epistemological shift : the old order could be termed ‘ History ’ , a continuous and chronological historiography , including Hegelianism and related forms of Marxism , with its philosophies of history , its assumptions of a rational , progressive and teleological historical development , its desire to discover a meaning in history , its questioning of the relativity of historical knowledge , and its use of categories such as tradition , the history of ideas , the oeuvre , the author and the book .
it begins by delineating the epistemological shift : the old order could be termed ‘ history ’ , a continuous and chronological historiography , including hegelianism and related forms of marxism , with its philosophies of history , its assumptions of a rational , progressive and teleological historical development , its desire to [find out] a meaning in history , its questioning of the relativity of historical knowledge , and its use of categories such as tradition , the history of ideas , the oeuvre , the author and the book .

Specifically we set out to discover why workers produced the output levels that they did and whether they grouped together to control their output or earnings at predefined levels .
specifically we set out to [find out] why workers produced the output levels that they did and whether they grouped together to control their output or earnings at predefined levels .

Shape 's urgent duty was to discover whether this was the Emperor 's slashing stroke , or merely a cavalry raid launched deep into the Belgian province .
shape 's urgent duty was to [find out] whether this was the emperor 's slashing stroke , or merely a cavalry raid launched deep into the belgian province .

He flattered himself that he would discover a twin soul in the famous Rifleman .
he flattered himself that he would [find out] a twin soul in the famous rifleman .

The options are many and varied , and part of the challenge of the Orc army is to discover the combination of troops and equipment that works best for you .
the options are many and varied , and part of the challenge of the orc army is to [find out] the combination of troops and equipment that works best for you .

Determined to out-eat his challenger , Grom consumed a plate of raw Troll steaks only to discover the meat regenerating inside his stomach .
determined to out-eat his challenger , grom consumed a plate of raw troll steaks only to [find out] the meat regenerating inside his stomach .

Assessment should be seen as a partnership between teachers , other professionals and parents in a joint endeavour to discover the nature of the difficulties and needs of individual children .
assessment should be seen as a partnership between teachers , other professionals and parents in a joint endeavour to [find out] the nature of the difficulties and needs of individual children .

It is often quite surprising to discover just how aware children are of their own needs and how they can frequently articulate the type of resource they need .
it is often quite surprising to [find out] just how aware children are of their own needs and how they can frequently articulate the type of resource they need .

The magnitude of the special needs post-holder 's task becomes clear if one considers that these skills are to be geared to assisting classroom teachers of varying lengths of career experience ( often considerably longer than that of the ‘ qualified ’ supporter ) and range of subject specialities ( beyond the supporter 's expertise ) — teachers already under pressure from many directions and with ambivalent feelings about ‘ hawing problems ’ and ‘ being seen as in need of help ’ ; and if one considers that the supporter 's extended task is to deepen these colleagues ' understanding of ‘ special ’ learning needs , to enhance their skills , discover and develop their strengths and the confidence that the professional know.how they possess can be summoned for responding more appropriately to most of the behavioural , emotional and learning difficulties they encounter .
the magnitude of the special needs post-holder 's task becomes clear if one considers that these skills are to be geared to assisting classroom teachers of varying lengths of career experience ( often considerably longer than that of the ‘ qualified ’ supporter ) and range of subject specialities ( beyond the supporter 's expertise ) — teachers already under pressure from many directions and with ambivalent feelings about ‘ hawing problems ’ and ‘ being seen as in need of help ’ ; and if one considers that the supporter 's extended task is to deepen these colleagues ' understanding of ‘ special ’ learning needs , to enhance their skills , [find out] and develop their strengths and the confidence that the professional know.how they possess can be summoned for responding more appropriately to most of the behavioural , emotional and learning difficulties they encounter .

the day-to-day learning programme ( analysing it to discover its remedial/ therapeutic potential )
the day-to-day learning programme ( analysing it to [find out] its remedial/ therapeutic potential )

First look at the membership of the governing body to discover what relevant expertise is available or might be made available by co-option .
first look at the membership of the governing body to [find out] what relevant expertise is available or might be made available by co-option .

But they seem to conclude from women 's and men 's different areas of ego investment that the gender-divided methodologies used to discover this should be perpetuated .
but they seem to conclude from women 's and men 's different areas of ego investment that the gender-divided methodologies used to [find out] this should be perpetuated .

As a soldier under the Whites there was a price on his head ; someone would soon discover his true identity .
as a soldier under the whites there was a price on his head ; someone would soon [find out] his true identity .

There is one word to cover our liking of roses , our desire to discover the different kinds , and ability to overcome the difficulties of growing them , and that is interest .
there is one word to cover our liking of roses , our desire to [find out] the different kinds , and ability to overcome the difficulties of growing them , and that is interest .

In this example , the assumption is probably true , but if the question about cigarettes is not asked , then there is no chance that the researcher could ever discover that they are a factor .
in this example , the assumption is probably true , but if the question about cigarettes is not asked , then there is no chance that the researcher could ever [find out] that they are a factor .

More recently , writers interested in social mobility ( the movement of individuals and groups up and down the social scale ) have studied rates of social mobility in different societies in an attempt to discover its causes , especially in relation to the process of industrialization .
more recently , writers interested in social mobility ( the movement of individuals and groups up and down the social scale ) have studied rates of social mobility in different societies in an attempt to [find out] its causes , especially in relation to the process of industrialization .

To discover what happened you should look at the book yourself , but , for the moment , consider the ethics of what Festinger and his colleagues did .
to [find out] what happened you should look at the book yourself , but , for the moment , consider the ethics of what festinger and his colleagues did .

Normally , if they have charged you insufficient tax and later discover the error , they will send you a supplementary demand requesting the balance owing .
normally , if they have charged you insufficient tax and later [find out] the error , they will send you a supplementary demand requesting the balance owing .

Such research can only discover whether lawyers are doing a good or a bad job in terms of common sense criteria , themselves embedded in , if not derived from , the ideology of lawyers themselves .
such research can only [find out] whether lawyers are doing a good or a bad job in terms of common sense criteria , themselves embedded in , if not derived from , the ideology of lawyers themselves .

As you will discover in the remaining chapters , problems remain about specifying the actual functions of these modules , their degree of functional independence , and the consequences of functional independence for the integration of behaviour and consciousness .
as you will [find out] in the remaining chapters , problems remain about specifying the actual functions of these modules , their degree of functional independence , and the consequences of functional independence for the integration of behaviour and consciousness .

They have , none the less , been failures which have affected large numbers of people , and this is the only standard of importance which , in the long run , the historian can discover within the confines of his own subject .
they have , none the less , been failures which have affected large numbers of people , and this is the only standard of importance which , in the long run , the historian can [find out] within the confines of his own subject .

The problem facing our forebears was to discover communication .
the problem facing our forebears was to [find out] communication .

Our friend the kingfisher apparently possesses computational mechanisms which can discover the real position of a fish at varying depths in the water .
our friend the kingfisher apparently possesses computational mechanisms which can [find out] the real position of a fish at varying depths in the water .

The program 's task , given a diagram like that of Figure 2 , is to discover whether the arrangements of blocks depicted is stable , — if it is not — to predict the movements ( falling , sliding , motion ended by contact with another block ) and the final state of various blocks .
the program 's task , given a diagram like that of figure 2 , is to [find out] whether the arrangements of blocks depicted is stable , — if it is not — to predict the movements ( falling , sliding , motion ended by contact with another block ) and the final state of various blocks .

Moreover , since it is able to discover the empty space , and also those spaces that would remain empty throughout stabilization changes , it possesses a type of knowledge that would be crucial to an animal looking for a pathway or for a safe space through which to move .
moreover , since it is able to [find out] the empty space , and also those spaces that would remain empty throughout stabilization changes , it possesses a type of knowledge that would be crucial to an animal looking for a pathway or for a safe space through which to move .

Ethologists may reply that they wish to discover which achievements are within the grasp of chimps , beavers , and bees .
ethologists may reply that they wish to [find out] which achievements are within the grasp of chimps , beavers , and bees .

If we now ask how we could discover that all action is to be explained in non-intentional terms , and at the same time take the point that it could not be non-intentional in the way that mad or childish behaviour is , it seems that we should have to come to see all action quite differently .
if we now ask how we could [find out] that all action is to be explained in non-intentional terms , and at the same time take the point that it could not be non-intentional in the way that mad or childish behaviour is , it seems that we should have to come to see all action quite differently .

However , this approach holds dangers for him which become apparent when we try to discover what a contradiction is .
however , this approach holds dangers for him which become apparent when we try to [find out] what a contradiction is .

One relatively straightforward approach to this task consists in trying to refine the theory through use — to discover , by applying it to specific problems , whether it can be consistently employed and what explanations it can yield .
one relatively straightforward approach to this task consists in trying to refine the theory through use — to [find out] , by applying it to specific problems , whether it can be consistently employed and what explanations it can yield .

And it might seem that it would at least be a start to discover whether they are in fact common .
and it might seem that it would at least be a start to [find out] whether they are in fact common .

However , in order to discover whether the history of the longue durée , and of structures and conjonctures , can be couched in the strongly counterfactual form spelled out , for example , by Miller , and can thus qualify as an example of concessive holist explanation , we need to consider its relations to the actions and intentions of individuals much more carefully .
however , in order to [find out] whether the history of the longue durée , and of structures and conjonctures , can be couched in the strongly counterfactual form spelled out , for example , by miller , and can thus qualify as an example of concessive holist explanation , we need to consider its relations to the actions and intentions of individuals much more carefully .

It is only if we can read that record that we can discover some very important biological characteristics of human beings , since ( to repeat an earlier point ) it is through convention , convention that has a history , that human nature is expressed .
it is only if we can read that record that we can [find out] some very important biological characteristics of human beings , since ( to repeat an earlier point ) it is through convention , convention that has a history , that human nature is expressed .

It is not merely that without a hold on the representation problem we can not discover the relevant content in the historical record ; without understanding that problem , we can not adequately control the idea that there is any relevant content at all .
it is not merely that without a hold on the representation problem we can not [find out] the relevant content in the historical record ; without understanding that problem , we can not adequately control the idea that there is any relevant content at all .

Premack 's plastic tokens which Sarah , his only real success , was required to arrange in series on the magnetised slate , were designed to discover the extent to which she could make judgements about the qualities of objects ; for example , ‘ the apple is red and round ’ .
premack 's plastic tokens which sarah , his only real success , was required to arrange in series on the magnetised slate , were designed to [find out] the extent to which she could make judgements about the qualities of objects ; for example , ‘ the apple is red and round ’ .

Some readers , particularly those convinced that if only we thought long enough , or prayed hard enough , we would discover reassuring tethering posts to which to secure our moral choices , will view with some disquiet the position reached so far .
some readers , particularly those convinced that if only we thought long enough , or prayed hard enough , we would [find out] reassuring tethering posts to which to secure our moral choices , will view with some disquiet the position reached so far .

Black Mountains Discover the little known Garn-wen Ridge
black mountains [find out] the little known garn-wen ridge

Note your findings and see what you can discover .
note your findings and see what you can [find out] .

You may not have anything of significance which you can discover , but you should at least give some thought to it ; for what we are doing is to clear through , in order to clear away , some of the accumulated emotional jumble of the years .
you may not have anything of significance which you can [find out] , but you should at least give some thought to it ; for what we are doing is to clear through , in order to clear away , some of the accumulated emotional jumble of the years .

Since these words are of such great antiquity , recorded some three and a half thousand years ago , how are they still relevant today , especially in relation to the inner conflicts of our lives ? To discover the impressive contemporary relevance of such imperatives , we need to establish what we mean when we speak of covetousness , and what is envisaged in the Bible by the idea of coveting .
since these words are of such great antiquity , recorded some three and a half thousand years ago , how are they still relevant today , especially in relation to the inner conflicts of our lives ? to [find out] the impressive contemporary relevance of such imperatives , we need to establish what we mean when we speak of covetousness , and what is envisaged in the bible by the idea of coveting .

Whether you climb , walk , run , or just stroll from your car for a picnic , then you 'll expect to be able to do so free of problems ; not to be shouted at abusively or shot at ( it still happens occasionally ! ) ; not to be spurned from the hills by aggressive signs erected by indignant landowners , or find endless and unyielding deer fences encircling your 232nd Munro ; not to discover destruction from in appropriate developments over a once beautiful area .
whether you climb , walk , run , or just stroll from your car for a picnic , then you 'll expect to be able to do so free of problems ; not to be shouted at abusively or shot at ( it still happens occasionally ! ) ; not to be spurned from the hills by aggressive signs erected by indignant landowners , or find endless and unyielding deer fences encircling your 232nd munro ; not to [find out] destruction from in appropriate developments over a once beautiful area .

Tinnion is appalled to discover that his old friend proposes to throw in his lot with the Nazis .
tinnion is appalled to [find out] that his old friend proposes to throw in his lot with the nazis .

The motor manufacturer is not going to be best pleased to discover that the aircraft he though he had retained has hopped to Ibiza with a load of spotty would-be tourists from Kettering .
the motor manufacturer is not going to be best pleased to [find out] that the aircraft he though he had retained has hopped to ibiza with a load of spotty would-be tourists from kettering .

It took a three-minute phone call to the boiler manufacturers to discover that chimneys with cross sections larger than 100sq in needed metal liners , otherwise flue gases would condense on the sides and penetrate the walls . The installer had come highly recommended , but that had n't prevented him from installing our boiler without one !
it took a three-minute phone call to the boiler manufacturers to [find out] that chimneys with cross sections larger than 100sq in needed metal liners , otherwise flue gases would condense on the sides and penetrate the walls . the installer had come highly recommended , but that had n't prevented him from installing our boiler without one !

Once you begin you 'll discover all kinds of variations of your own .
once you begin you 'll [find out] all kinds of variations of your own .

The words partial knitting do sound very technical to new knitters but if you are familiar with hand knitting you will discover that partial knitting is what hand knitters term ‘ knit to so many stitches , turn and knit back ’ , although , of course , doing it by machine takes a fraction of the time .
the words partial knitting do sound very technical to new knitters but if you are familiar with hand knitting you will [find out] that partial knitting is what hand knitters term ‘ knit to so many stitches , turn and knit back ’ , although , of course , doing it by machine takes a fraction of the time .

For each question try to discover the answer most commonly given .
for each question try to [find out] the answer most commonly given .

Count up the ticks to discover which were most common .
count up the ticks to [find out] which were most common .

Recording behaviours can help parents discover that things are not as bad as they think .
recording behaviours can help parents [find out] that things are not as bad as they think .

There are any number of things that could go wrong and the only way to discover them is to discuss with the parents exactly what they did .
there are any number of things that could go wrong and the only way to [find out] them is to discuss with the parents exactly what they did .

Whatever fault or faults you discover , they must be corrected and the process repeated .
whatever fault or faults you [find out] , they must be corrected and the process repeated .

When you can not discover the length of the cone it is best to err on the generous side whilst using your previous experience to decide how many cones you would expect the garment to take .
when you can not [find out] the length of the cone it is best to err on the generous side whilst using your previous experience to decide how many cones you would expect the garment to take .

The point of the analysis is to discover an underlying meaning that makes sensible the apparently arbitrary relationship between kinship elements ( or mythic elements ) and reality .
the point of the analysis is to [find out] an underlying meaning that makes sensible the apparently arbitrary relationship between kinship elements ( or mythic elements ) and reality .

Anthropological analysis need not be seen as the attempt to discover the truth about primitive societies , but instead as the attempt to ‘ translate ’ ( or transform ) the utterances from one discursive context to another .
anthropological analysis need not be seen as the attempt to [find out] the truth about primitive societies , but instead as the attempt to ‘ translate ’ ( or transform ) the utterances from one discursive context to another .

This for Lévi-Strauss is tied up with the business of ‘ science ’ , which aims to discover truths that are universal and that can be seen to be a product of their method .
this for lévi-strauss is tied up with the business of ‘ science ’ , which aims to [find out] truths that are universal and that can be seen to be a product of their method .

Unlike Lévi-Strauss or Barthes , semioticians like Eco avoid attempting to interrupt the chain of meaning to discover the universal or hidden meaning .
unlike lévi-strauss or barthes , semioticians like eco avoid attempting to interrupt the chain of meaning to [find out] the universal or hidden meaning .

It is the structure of language that creates meaning — analysis can work back from a recognizably meaningful form to discover its structure .
it is the structure of language that creates meaning — analysis can work back from a recognizably meaningful form to [find out] its structure .

We discover ourselves through the form of the sentence .
we [find out] ourselves through the form of the sentence .

The aim of the exercise is to begin to discover why you relate to written language in the way you do and to trigger the first probings into your own , unique way of understanding yourself and your world .
the aim of the exercise is to begin to [find out] why you relate to written language in the way you do and to trigger the first probings into your own , unique way of understanding yourself and your world .

What you do with it once you 've brought it to the surface is another matter : it is enough for now that you acknowledge it is there and begin to discover ways of getting at it .
what you do with it once you 've brought it to the surface is another matter : it is enough for now that you acknowledge it is there and begin to [find out] ways of getting at it .

As well as the obvious , known tastes of food and drink , stick your tongue out to discover what the air tastes like .
as well as the obvious , known tastes of food and drink , stick your tongue out to [find out] what the air tastes like .

What can you discover from the smells around you ?
what can you [find out] from the smells around you ?

It has caused you to discover for yourself Margaret Atwood 's definition of metaphor :
it has caused you to [find out] for yourself margaret atwood 's definition of metaphor :

When , reading over your work , you discover one , ask yourself whether or not you intended it .
when , reading over your work , you [find out] one , ask yourself whether or not you intended it .

Your aim in this writing is to penetrate and supervene the way you normally see and construe your surroundings , to discover a new angle of vision .
your aim in this writing is to penetrate and supervene the way you normally see and construe your surroundings , to [find out] a new angle of vision .

Just as we , in our writing , have to find the words that fit what we are trying to express , the most appropriate words , so the characters in a story , novel or poem also have to discover the language that is fitting .
just as we , in our writing , have to find the words that fit what we are trying to express , the most appropriate words , so the characters in a story , novel or poem also have to [find out] the language that is fitting .

If it makes you laugh , try to discover where the pleasure comes from .
if it makes you laugh , try to [find out] where the pleasure comes from .

Many years later , as he faced the firing squad , Colonel Aureliano Buendía was to remember that distant afternoon when his father took him to discover ice .
many years later , as he faced the firing squad , colonel aureliano buendía was to remember that distant afternoon when his father took him to [find out] ice .

What will you discover ?
what will you [find out] ?

Now discover the name of the country .
now [find out] the name of the country .

Remember that you are a business person now , thorough and tenacious , determined to discover the best possible outlets for your work .
remember that you are a business person now , thorough and tenacious , determined to [find out] the best possible outlets for your work .

Cogan was a Fifties singer who died tragically young ; but in Burns ' brilliant intermingling of fact and fiction , she lives on into middle age to examine her portrait in the basement of the Tate , meet her most obsessive fan , and discover her strange links with Moors murderer Myra Hindley . One of the best British novels for some time — now out in paperback
cogan was a fifties singer who died tragically young ; but in burns ' brilliant intermingling of fact and fiction , she lives on into middle age to examine her portrait in the basement of the tate , meet her most obsessive fan , and [find out] her strange links with moors murderer myra hindley . one of the best british novels for some time — now out in paperback

To discover why Lindsey chose this particular aircraft from among many other types that were available , one has to go back to 1967 and Lindsey 's purchase of the ‘ Me 108 ’ .
to [find out] why lindsey chose this particular aircraft from among many other types that were available , one has to go back to 1967 and lindsey 's purchase of the ‘ me 108 ’ .

However , we all know what it is like to start something entirely new and to be told at the beginning that rows of holes have to be followed by two knit rows and then , when it all seems to be going well , to discover that there are two transferring rows one after the other , sounding like a contradiction in terms .
however , we all know what it is like to start something entirely new and to be told at the beginning that rows of holes have to be followed by two knit rows and then , when it all seems to be going well , to [find out] that there are two transferring rows one after the other , sounding like a contradiction in terms .

It is so frustrating to consider a sample to be exactly what you are looking for and then need to set up the card again to discover just how you arrived at it , while labelling as you go is only the work of a moment .
it is so frustrating to consider a sample to be exactly what you are looking for and then need to set up the card again to [find out] just how you arrived at it , while labelling as you go is only the work of a moment .

When you can not discover the length on the cone it is best to err on the generous side whilst using your previous experience to decide how many cones you would expect the garment to take .
when you can not [find out] the length on the cone it is best to err on the generous side whilst using your previous experience to decide how many cones you would expect the garment to take .

Post mortem examinations were carried out to discover if the girls had been still born or died later .
post mortem examinations were carried out to [find out] if the girls had been still born or died later .

Mr Tree was quizzed by detectives trying to discover how much of the drug she had taken .
mr tree was quizzed by detectives trying to [find out] how much of the drug she had taken .

Researchers also wanted to discover how much viewers ' attitudes are affected by the context in which a sexy scene turns up on the home screen — and the timing .
researchers also wanted to [find out] how much viewers ' attitudes are affected by the context in which a sexy scene turns up on the home screen — and the timing .

Rumours of a ghostly train that appeared in foggy conditions near Ancholme Bridge on the line between Elsham and Worlaby led Ted Smith and Jack Brookes , two reliable men in their mid-fifties , to investigate the tales and discover the truth for themselves .
rumours of a ghostly train that appeared in foggy conditions near ancholme bridge on the line between elsham and worlaby led ted smith and jack brookes , two reliable men in their mid-fifties , to investigate the tales and [find out] the truth for themselves .

By now the fog had lifted , but it was so dark that it would have been futile to return to the scene of the mysterious train to discover for themselves any clues as to its reality or otherwise .
by now the fog had lifted , but it was so dark that it would have been futile to return to the scene of the mysterious train to [find out] for themselves any clues as to its reality or otherwise .

An advance was requested and paid , and a further sum promised on delivery , so long as Mozart made no attempt to discover its source .
an advance was requested and paid , and a further sum promised on delivery , so long as mozart made no attempt to [find out] its source .

But someone had built on a large extension to the rear and this housed the kitchen , which as Meredith was to discover , was large , modern and furbished it seemed with every kind of modern gadget .
but someone had built on a large extension to the rear and this housed the kitchen , which as meredith was to [find out] , was large , modern and furbished it seemed with every kind of modern gadget .

Occasionally one would disappear in the direction of the High Street , casting about for an interesting sniff , hoping perhaps to discover a fox in the vicinity of the cut-price chemist .
occasionally one would disappear in the direction of the high street , casting about for an interesting sniff , hoping perhaps to [find out] a fox in the vicinity of the cut-price chemist .

Scientists all over the world drop what they 're doing and try to discover the secret for themselves .
scientists all over the world drop what they 're doing and try to [find out] the secret for themselves .

Palmer did not discover the paper until 1986 , but he was lucky because in his department at Brigham Young University in Utah was Steven Jones who had spent the previous four years doing custom-built experiments with muons , attempting to induce fusion in the lab .
palmer did not [find out] the paper until 1986 , but he was lucky because in his department at brigham young university in utah was steven jones who had spent the previous four years doing custom-built experiments with muons , attempting to induce fusion in the lab .

‘ It was a huge blow to their pride to discover how far behind they had fallen during isolation — yet coach John Williams has now gone too far the other way .
‘ it was a huge blow to their pride to [find out] how far behind they had fallen during isolation — yet coach john williams has now gone too far the other way .

And they were shattered to discover that the ir much-publicised ‘ Run With The Ball ’ scheme , devised last year to recompense players for the increased commitment required at international level , has made a loss because of advertising and expenses .
and they were shattered to [find out] that the ir much-publicised ‘ run with the ball ’ scheme , devised last year to recompense players for the increased commitment required at international level , has made a loss because of advertising and expenses .

With Norway having taken control of the group , and Holland yet to discover their best form , it is important England get goals as well as two points under their belt .
with norway having taken control of the group , and holland yet to [find out] their best form , it is important england get goals as well as two points under their belt .

Visitors will be able to sample delicious new foods and wines , discover the latest kitchen and cookware , compare appliances and tableware and improve their cookery skills .
visitors will be able to sample delicious new foods and wines , [find out] the latest kitchen and cookware , compare appliances and tableware and improve their cookery skills .

When he arrives in the White House we will discover if he is more than a brilliant campaigner .
when he arrives in the white house we will [find out] if he is more than a brilliant campaigner .

The study suggests that women under 50 with breast cancer are more likely to die from the disease if it is first picked up by mammograms than if they discover the lump by feeling their breasts .
the study suggests that women under 50 with breast cancer are more likely to die from the disease if it is first picked up by mammograms than if they [find out] the lump by feeling their breasts .

Another thing women are beginning to discover is the benefit of networking — making contacts outside work at places like Club 2000 and Forum .
another thing women are beginning to [find out] is the benefit of networking — making contacts outside work at places like club 2000 and forum .

The plan had been for the Americans to discover an unknown for the lead female role but no-one had Miss Leigh 's screen magic .
the plan had been for the americans to [find out] an unknown for the lead female role but no-one had miss leigh 's screen magic .

The counsellor will sometimes discover that the counsellee has certain ideas about the nature of the counselling role , and the counselling process generally .
the counsellor will sometimes [find out] that the counsellee has certain ideas about the nature of the counselling role , and the counselling process generally .

The strategy should be to enable the group , and its individual members , to discover their own strengths and weaknesses .
the strategy should be to enable the group , and its individual members , to [find out] their own strengths and weaknesses .

Yet even those people who have regarded work purely as an economic activity will discover that the workplace , and/or work itself , has become a central feature of their lives .
yet even those people who have regarded work purely as an economic activity will [find out] that the workplace , and/or work itself , has become a central feature of their lives .

The counsellor 's task is to try to unravel these separate strands of cultural norms , social theory and individual need , and to discover the real feelings and needs of the older individual .
the counsellor 's task is to try to unravel these separate strands of cultural norms , social theory and individual need , and to [find out] the real feelings and needs of the older individual .

The counsellor has to discover to what extent these feelings are present within the individual , at what point such feelings have arisen in his life , and to persuade him to re-consider his real needs and feelings , as opposed to socially induced attitudes about the quality and extent of his involvement in social life .
the counsellor has to [find out] to what extent these feelings are present within the individual , at what point such feelings have arisen in his life , and to persuade him to re-consider his real needs and feelings , as opposed to socially induced attitudes about the quality and extent of his involvement in social life .

That this curiosity ( the urge to discover new things ) should act in tandem with its apparent opposite , conservatism of thought , within the human animal is an obvious paradox — another mystery .
that this curiosity ( the urge to [find out] new things ) should act in tandem with its apparent opposite , conservatism of thought , within the human animal is an obvious paradox — another mystery .

This is characteristic of life on Earth — if and when we discover lifeforms on other planets , there is a 50 percent chance that their molecules , unlike ours , may rotate polarized light to the right .
this is characteristic of life on earth — if and when we [find out] lifeforms on other planets , there is a 50 percent chance that their molecules , unlike ours , may rotate polarized light to the right .

The Dogon were aware that the planet Saturn had rings and that the planet Jupiter had four moons , which are pieces of information that can not be obtained without the use of a telescope — an artefact the Dogon have yet to discover .
the dogon were aware that the planet saturn had rings and that the planet jupiter had four moons , which are pieces of information that can not be obtained without the use of a telescope — an artefact the dogon have yet to [find out] .

If we look at , for example , Graeco-Roman mythology , we discover that the constellations in the night sky can be directly equated with gods , goddesses , heroes and other mythological notables .
if we look at , for example , graeco-roman mythology , we [find out] that the constellations in the night sky can be directly equated with gods , goddesses , heroes and other mythological notables .

When we turn to the animal kingdom we discover a whole array of senses which we , as human beings , reckon we do not have .
when we turn to the animal kingdom we [find out] a whole array of senses which we , as human beings , reckon we do not have .

In sum , there is no definitive answer to the question of how many senses there are : we have yet to discover all of our own , and even less do we know the full details of those enjoyed by some of the other members of the Animal Kingdom .
in sum , there is no definitive answer to the question of how many senses there are : we have yet to [find out] all of our own , and even less do we know the full details of those enjoyed by some of the other members of the animal kingdom .

You may discover early on in an interaction through words that you share common ground ( that you both went to the same school , for instance ) .
you may [find out] early on in an interaction through words that you share common ground ( that you both went to the same school , for instance ) .

Some people leave it very late to discover that they may not be aggressive/intellectual/pragmatic enough to succeed in their particular company .
some people leave it very late to [find out] that they may not be aggressive/intellectual/pragmatic enough to succeed in their particular company .

As a newcomer to a job and organisation , you may find yourself groping around to discover how status operates . Like this fifty-year-old ex-army major now employed in industry :
as a newcomer to a job and organisation , you may find yourself groping around to [find out] how status operates . like this fifty-year-old ex-army major now employed in industry :

Teasers are copylines or images that do not mention the service or product , but whet your appetite to discover more .
teasers are copylines or images that do not mention the service or product , but whet your appetite to [find out] more .

It is always a good idea to make friends with your florist , as not only will they then know your requirements , but you will also discover on which days they attend their local flower market , or receive wholesale deliveries , and therefore when their flowers are at their freshest .
it is always a good idea to make friends with your florist , as not only will they then know your requirements , but you will also [find out] on which days they attend their local flower market , or receive wholesale deliveries , and therefore when their flowers are at their freshest .

Obviously it can also be essential for you to know what flower or leaf you have pressed , although you will discover that on examining the finished material .
obviously it can also be essential for you to know what flower or leaf you have pressed , although you will [find out] that on examining the finished material .

It is only with practise and experimentation that you will discover which shapes you most enjoy creating , and which designs work best for you .
it is only with practise and experimentation that you will [find out] which shapes you most enjoy creating , and which designs work best for you .

Spy hunt police discover body
spy hunt police [find out] body

It is impossible to discover the actual occurrence that stands behind the individual accounts .
it is impossible to [find out] the actual occurrence that stands behind the individual accounts .

This you have in common with the rest of the zodiac but Virgos , in particular , will discover aspects and talents within themselves that have not yet seen the light of day .
this you have in common with the rest of the zodiac but virgos , in particular , will [find out] aspects and talents within themselves that have not yet seen the light of day .

Another parallel between football and industry exposed by the research is the frequent failure of managers to communicate with their players and discover where their strengths lie .
another parallel between football and industry exposed by the research is the frequent failure of managers to communicate with their players and [find out] where their strengths lie .

But look deeper and you are likely to discover a man who is emotionally and sexually screwed-up .
but look deeper and you are likely to [find out] a man who is emotionally and sexually screwed-up .

Where else could you discover that Al Ittihad have won the Libyan League for the past four years ?
where else could you [find out] that al ittihad have won the libyan league for the past four years ?

But we would add a word of caution : these are early days in the life of the cash flow statement and experience is needed to discover the most appropriate method of analysis .
but we would add a word of caution : these are early days in the life of the cash flow statement and experience is needed to [find out] the most appropriate method of analysis .

The insistence by scientists that the World is merely a series of chance collisions of indifferent forces of nature is to him a dangerous road , since they believe they can discover and harness those indifferent forces through determining Nature 's ‘ laws ’ .
the insistence by scientists that the world is merely a series of chance collisions of indifferent forces of nature is to him a dangerous road , since they believe they can [find out] and harness those indifferent forces through determining nature 's ‘ laws ’ .

To discover what is ‘ in the mind ’ of human beings requires a different methodology from the natural sciences whose practitioners are interested in matter and would recognise that matter does not have a mind and is incapable of subjective experience .
to [find out] what is ‘ in the mind ’ of human beings requires a different methodology from the natural sciences whose practitioners are interested in matter and would recognise that matter does not have a mind and is incapable of subjective experience .

Later still he may train himself to eradicate the desire or aversion itself , releasing himself from one causally necessary condition of facing facts , so that the formula is no longer directly applicable ; but that will be in the service of other ends , and unless he can discover some new way of validating them these too will be spontaneous goals selected from the rest by thinking within the frame of the same formula .
later still he may train himself to eradicate the desire or aversion itself , releasing himself from one causally necessary condition of facing facts , so that the formula is no longer directly applicable ; but that will be in the service of other ends , and unless he can [find out] some new way of validating them these too will be spontaneous goals selected from the rest by thinking within the frame of the same formula .

It is not that in desperate circumstances we discover ourselves to be natural egoists and throw off moral restraints , it is rather that morality no longer applies .
it is not that in desperate circumstances we [find out] ourselves to be natural egoists and throw off moral restraints , it is rather that morality no longer applies .

The traveller , we now discover , is a young man whose ailing parents want him to stay within reach .
the traveller , we now [find out] , is a young man whose ailing parents want him to stay within reach .

Later the collision fenders were painted white to be seen in the blackout and sticky netting fixed to the window glass to prevent splintering ; there was a small diamond shaped hole in the centre , through which passengers were expected to discover where they were .
later the collision fenders were painted white to be seen in the blackout and sticky netting fixed to the window glass to prevent splintering ; there was a small diamond shaped hole in the centre , through which passengers were expected to [find out] where they were .

In fact , she will have to carve her own niche when she gets there and discover where she can be most useful at Dalek Hospital , where the unit is based , without treading on anyone else 's toes .
in fact , she will have to carve her own niche when she gets there and [find out] where she can be most useful at dalek hospital , where the unit is based , without treading on anyone else 's toes .

The Foreign Office in London was last night trying to discover if any other Britons had boarded the plane .
the foreign office in london was last night trying to [find out] if any other britons had boarded the plane .

It took Ray years to discover the mix of speedwork and mile repetitions he needed for improving his race times .
it took ray years to [find out] the mix of speedwork and mile repetitions he needed for improving his race times .

She never did discover how the puddings turned out .
she never did [find out] how the puddings turned out .

She was now all amiability — a quality none of them had looked to discover in her .
she was now all amiability — a quality none of them had looked to [find out] in her .

Privately , it was n't too difficult to discover in the Irish camp during the build-up to the match an acceptance that the backlash after the remarkable First Test would be fearsome .
privately , it was n't too difficult to [find out] in the irish camp during the build-up to the match an acceptance that the backlash after the remarkable first test would be fearsome .

Fall in love ; he said to Theo , and you 'll discover another force , stronger than any other , ‘ and that is the heart .
fall in love ; he said to theo , and you 'll [find out] another force , stronger than any other , ‘ and that is the heart .

Absolutely , says one in three women who took part in our Gallup survey to discover the stresses and strains of juggling it all and how women deal with them .
absolutely , says one in three women who took part in our gallup survey to [find out] the stresses and strains of juggling it all and how women deal with them .

It is a preference which is relatively easy to unlearn : when patients with high blood pressure are put on a low-sodium diet , within six to eight weeks many discover that the foods they used to eat seem unpleasantly salty .
it is a preference which is relatively easy to unlearn : when patients with high blood pressure are put on a low-sodium diet , within six to eight weeks many [find out] that the foods they used to eat seem unpleasantly salty .

Pattie is living proof that if you live with a man , you discover a lot you did n't know when you were just dating him .
pattie is living proof that if you live with a man , you [find out] a lot you did n't know when you were just dating him .

Three months later , Pattie decided to leave him , only to discover that she was pregnant .
three months later , pattie decided to leave him , only to [find out] that she was pregnant .

The first task , you will discover , is to find and fit the rechargeable battery .
the first task , you will [find out] , is to find and fit the rechargeable battery .

You will discover that it is much easier to find the exact point of focus when the zoom is set to telephoto , partly due to the enlargement of the image and partly to the fact that the focus depth of field is much shallower at this end of the zoom .
you will [find out] that it is much easier to find the exact point of focus when the zoom is set to telephoto , partly due to the enlargement of the image and partly to the fact that the focus depth of field is much shallower at this end of the zoom .

However , as someone who identified with the student movements of the late 1960s , he was saddened to discover that present economic conditions meant ‘ normal ’ younger students were less willing , or able , to stand up for ‘ issues ’ .
however , as someone who identified with the student movements of the late 1960s , he was saddened to [find out] that present economic conditions meant ‘ normal ’ younger students were less willing , or able , to stand up for ‘ issues ’ .

He says he 's not a proud man but he 'll pass you his watch , adding cryptically that ‘ the front 's for sale , the back is n't ’ , and you 'll discover from the inscription that it was a gift from TMcL for gaining distinction in his final exams in 1961 .
he says he 's not a proud man but he 'll pass you his watch , adding cryptically that ‘ the front 's for sale , the back is n't ’ , and you 'll [find out] from the inscription that it was a gift from tmcl for gaining distinction in his final exams in 1961 .

The couple had turned up at Gatwick airport to discover that Mark , who is blind , had packed their bank books instead of passports .
the couple had turned up at gatwick airport to [find out] that mark , who is blind , had packed their bank books instead of passports .

Gazza , wearing a striped blue and yellow shirt and jeans , said he would have to wait until he flew back to Rome to discover the full extent of the damage .
gazza , wearing a striped blue and yellow shirt and jeans , said he would have to wait until he flew back to rome to [find out] the full extent of the damage .

After coaxing him for 20 minutes , one officer grabbed the man — only to discover he had been bleeding heavily from deep cuts to his wrist and arms .
after coaxing him for 20 minutes , one officer grabbed the man — only to [find out] he had been bleeding heavily from deep cuts to his wrist and arms .

Officers were last night trying to find her parents and discover why she had not been reported missing .
officers were last night trying to find her parents and [find out] why she had not been reported missing .

But the 59-year-old actor had to endure another 15 minutes of crucial legal argument to discover if his gamble in refusing The Sun 's pre-trial settlement offer of £50,000 — made on October 7 — had backfired and meant he would have to pay the bulk of the estimated £200,000 costs of the case .
but the 59-year-old actor had to endure another 15 minutes of crucial legal argument to [find out] if his gamble in refusing the sun 's pre-trial settlement offer of £50,000 — made on october 7 — had backfired and meant he would have to pay the bulk of the estimated £200,000 costs of the case .

They all seek , in their different ways , to discover abstract categories and connections underlying familiar phenomena .
they all seek , in their different ways , to [find out] abstract categories and connections underlying familiar phenomena .

Simplifying somewhat , we might say that a structural approach to language teaching lays emphasis on systemic knowledge and makes the assumption that once this is acquired the learners will discover for themselves how it is put to use in communication .
simplifying somewhat , we might say that a structural approach to language teaching lays emphasis on systemic knowledge and makes the assumption that once this is acquired the learners will [find out] for themselves how it is put to use in communication .

The medium had also told him that he had a gift , but he did n't discover it until my older brother , just after the war , contracted polio and was discharged from hospital with a paralysed arm and leg .
the medium had also told him that he had a gift , but he did n't [find out] it until my older brother , just after the war , contracted polio and was discharged from hospital with a paralysed arm and leg .

The aim is to discover how far mutation has depressed survival and fertility below their optimal values .
the aim is to [find out] how far mutation has depressed survival and fertility below their optimal values .

In his second hundred days , he will have to discover how to turn his ideas into lasting achievements .
in his second hundred days , he will have to [find out] how to turn his ideas into lasting achievements .

And although a certain number of eager thirty-something listeners will scan the radio dial in search of Mr Branson 's yuppie rock , more will discover the channel gradually , perhaps by accident .
and although a certain number of eager thirty-something listeners will scan the radio dial in search of mr branson 's yuppie rock , more will [find out] the channel gradually , perhaps by accident .

To discover what had gone wrong , a management team re-examined the processes by which decisions were made , and the way in which information flowed between the firm 's 300 employees .
to [find out] what had gone wrong , a management team re-examined the processes by which decisions were made , and the way in which information flowed between the firm 's 300 employees .

She was a woman who trusted her senses , and to discover them so deceptive distressed her .
she was a woman who trusted her senses , and to [find out] them so deceptive distressed her .

Given the dichotomous speech model that Richard uses , one need only invert the sense to discover the true meaning .
given the dichotomous speech model that richard uses , one need only invert the sense to [find out] the true meaning .

They declared that they would never again go willingly to war without clear political aims ; that when they did go to war for such aims , they would do so with overwhelming force ; and that they would discover , in advance , how they were supposed to get out of a job once they had started it .
they declared that they would never again go willingly to war without clear political aims ; that when they did go to war for such aims , they would do so with overwhelming force ; and that they would [find out] , in advance , how they were supposed to get out of a job once they had started it .

Every effort should be made to discover whether the family have the ability to put themselves in hypothetical situations and conceptualise and deal with the difficulties that are likely to arise with the black child , particularly during adolescence . What , for example , is the prevailing attitude in the family towards the black child dating the neighbour 's daughter ? Can they deal with what may appear to be sexual threats , and the reality of mixed marriage ?
every effort should be made to [find out] whether the family have the ability to put themselves in hypothetical situations and conceptualise and deal with the difficulties that are likely to arise with the black child , particularly during adolescence . what , for example , is the prevailing attitude in the family towards the black child dating the neighbour 's daughter ? can they deal with what may appear to be sexual threats , and the reality of mixed marriage ?

Very little research has been conducted to discover how the barriers to effective co-operation might be knocked down .
very little research has been conducted to [find out] how the barriers to effective co-operation might be knocked down .

Finally , residential workers have an important part to play not only in standing by young people , but also in communicating with them about their experiences and in helping them to explain and discover meaning in their lives .
finally , residential workers have an important part to play not only in standing by young people , but also in communicating with them about their experiences and in helping them to explain and [find out] meaning in their lives .

See what you can discover about his business or businesses .
see what you can [find out] about his business or businesses .

They go into school wearing comfortable old clothes and rapidly discover they need to tailor for themselves , and quickly , a substantial wardrobe , not only of ways of operating but of ways of thinking , feeling and perceiving as well .
they go into school wearing comfortable old clothes and rapidly [find out] they need to tailor for themselves , and quickly , a substantial wardrobe , not only of ways of operating but of ways of thinking , feeling and perceiving as well .

Thinking they were doing the right thing , some schools set out to understand and respond to the particular problems faced by children of West Indian origin — only to discover that their parents , dissatisfied with ‘ low expectations ’ and ‘ lack of discipline ’ , were setting up their own alternative , strict , traditional schools that their children were being sent to on Saturdays .
thinking they were doing the right thing , some schools set out to understand and respond to the particular problems faced by children of west indian origin — only to [find out] that their parents , dissatisfied with ‘ low expectations ’ and ‘ lack of discipline ’ , were setting up their own alternative , strict , traditional schools that their children were being sent to on saturdays .

Peter had begun to study it on Sunday , chiefly to discover what he had had to say about Abbotsfield .
peter had begun to study it on sunday , chiefly to [find out] what he had had to say about abbotsfield .

One had to work under him to discover he never troubled with the charm unless he considered it worth his while .
one had to work under him to [find out] he never troubled with the charm unless he considered it worth his while .

After all , we may be learning as we go along but it is n't long before we discover that not everybody has a sylph-like waist or arms that with a little stretch will trail along the floor !
after all , we may be learning as we go along but it is n't long before we [find out] that not everybody has a sylph-like waist or arms that with a little stretch will trail along the floor !

’ According to David Hume , Locke was not alone in thinking that visual perception involves something two-dimensional : ‘ It is commonly allowed by philosophers that all bodies which discover themselves to the eye appear as if painted on a plain surface .
’ according to david hume , locke was not alone in thinking that visual perception involves something two-dimensional : ‘ it is commonly allowed by philosophers that all bodies which [find out] themselves to the eye appear as if painted on a plain surface .

McTaggart can not accept this Humean view because he can discover no relation between mental states which could determine the bundle to which they belong other than one through the self : ‘ We must say that those states , and those only , which are states of the same self form the bundle of parts of that self .
mctaggart can not accept this humean view because he can [find out] no relation between mental states which could determine the bundle to which they belong other than one through the self : ‘ we must say that those states , and those only , which are states of the same self form the bundle of parts of that self .

It was agreed , with Anselm 's consent , to send messengers to Rome to discover whether the pope was inflexible : meanwhile Anselm was restored to his lands .
it was agreed , with anselm 's consent , to send messengers to rome to [find out] whether the pope was inflexible : meanwhile anselm was restored to his lands .

How little reason they had for this view we shall soon discover .
how little reason they had for this view we shall soon [find out] .

With this you 'll discover what true techno is really all about .
with this you 'll [find out] what true techno is really all about .

They ca n't hear themselves , we discover afterwards .
they ca n't hear themselves , we [find out] afterwards .

‘ It 's very easy to discover metal when you 're young , whereas you 're not gon na discover Sonic Youth 'cos it 's really underground .
‘ it 's very easy to [find out] metal when you 're young , whereas you 're not gon na [find out] sonic youth 'cos it 's really underground .

At the conclusion of The Return of the King , the third of the three books — Tolkien always denied they were a trilogy — Frodo and his friends ride back to their lost land , to discover that ‘ they cared about it more than any other place in the world ’ , though its cottages and gardens have been laid waste and replaced by ugly new houses and factories belching smoke ; and they defeat the ruffians who had defiled it and resume the kingdom of little men .
at the conclusion of the return of the king , the third of the three books — tolkien always denied they were a trilogy — frodo and his friends ride back to their lost land , to [find out] that ‘ they cared about it more than any other place in the world ’ , though its cottages and gardens have been laid waste and replaced by ugly new houses and factories belching smoke ; and they defeat the ruffians who had defiled it and resume the kingdom of little men .

Fishermen , cormorants and sea eagles were not slow to discover this fact .
fishermen , cormorants and sea eagles were not slow to [find out] this fact .

By defining retirement as coterminous with dependency , the ‘ structured dependency ’ authors inevitably see the trend towards earlier retirement as regrettable , but in fact it need not be so : this depends on the extent to which retirement leads subsequently to poverty in old age , and to discover this it is necessary to look at the other three main determinants of the financial status of the elderly .
by defining retirement as coterminous with dependency , the ‘ structured dependency ’ authors inevitably see the trend towards earlier retirement as regrettable , but in fact it need not be so : this depends on the extent to which retirement leads subsequently to poverty in old age , and to [find out] this it is necessary to look at the other three main determinants of the financial status of the elderly .

In the show — on until the 13th — you can discover works , rarely seen , by Rebecca James ( Mrs Paul Strand ) , Gwendolyn Knight ( Mrs Jacob Lawrence ) , Katherine Schmidt ( Mrs William Glackens ) , Helen Farr ( Mrs John Sloan ) , Marjorie Organ ( Mrs Robert Henri ) , Esphyr Slobodkina ( Mrs Ilya Bolotowsky ) , Sally Michel ( Mrs Milton Avery ) , Bernarda Bryson ( Mrs Ben Shahn ) and Dorothy Dehner ( Mrs David Smith ) — among ten Others .
in the show — on until the 13th — you can [find out] works , rarely seen , by rebecca james ( mrs paul strand ) , gwendolyn knight ( mrs jacob lawrence ) , katherine schmidt ( mrs william glackens ) , helen farr ( mrs john sloan ) , marjorie organ ( mrs robert henri ) , esphyr slobodkina ( mrs ilya bolotowsky ) , sally michel ( mrs milton avery ) , bernarda bryson ( mrs ben shahn ) and dorothy dehner ( mrs david smith ) — among ten others .

He did discover a serious oil leak in its engine late last year and immediately changed it for the spare he keeps in what looks like a glass case in his garage .
he did [find out] a serious oil leak in its engine late last year and immediately changed it for the spare he keeps in what looks like a glass case in his garage .

Following last month 's inclusion in the magazine of a complimentary sheet of Bockingford Tinted Paper , this month , for example , in association with St Cuthberts Mill and Daler-Rowney , The Artist is launching a major , nationwide competition to discover the most interesting work produced on this new paper — with substantial cash prizes for amateurs and professionals .
following last month 's inclusion in the magazine of a complimentary sheet of bockingford tinted paper , this month , for example , in association with st cuthberts mill and daler-rowney , the artist is launching a major , nationwide competition to [find out] the most interesting work produced on this new paper — with substantial cash prizes for amateurs and professionals .

The course is designed to assist everyone interested in wildlife art , from the bird watcher who wishes to record and paint more effectively , to the painter , beginner or more experienced , who wants to discover and appreciate birds as a subject for expression .
the course is designed to assist everyone interested in wildlife art , from the bird watcher who wishes to record and paint more effectively , to the painter , beginner or more experienced , who wants to [find out] and appreciate birds as a subject for expression .

Their thoughts and comments are accompanied by the author 's intelligent and knowledgeable text , which will prove extremely valuable to both the newcomer to pastels , and to more experienced artists who have yet to discover the full potential of the medium .
their thoughts and comments are accompanied by the author 's intelligent and knowledgeable text , which will prove extremely valuable to both the newcomer to pastels , and to more experienced artists who have yet to [find out] the full potential of the medium .

An independent ecologist is to be appointed at Land 's End to discover whether climbers are destroying fragile plants and soils .
an independent ecologist is to be appointed at land 's end to [find out] whether climbers are destroying fragile plants and soils .

By helping teachers understand classroom roles , it enables them to discover for themselves the best ways of fostering co-operative learning .
by helping teachers understand classroom roles , it enables them to [find out] for themselves the best ways of fostering co-operative learning .

Oxford primary readers are fun : they help pupils discover that reading in English does n't have to be hard work — it can even be a delight !
oxford primary readers are fun : they help pupils [find out] that reading in english does n't have to be hard work — it can even be a delight !

This new series of graded readers had been designed to help students in the early stages of language learning to extend their learning beyond the classroom and to discover the enjoyment of reading in English .
this new series of graded readers had been designed to help students in the early stages of language learning to extend their learning beyond the classroom and to [find out] the enjoyment of reading in english .

In effect , for all practical purposes , modern western man assumes that the human race is thrown upon its own resources to cope with life and discover what meaning , if any , it may have .
in effect , for all practical purposes , modern western man assumes that the human race is thrown upon its own resources to cope with life and [find out] what meaning , if any , it may have .

They help to mark out the field within which the theologian has to work and to discover what his own role and contribution should be .
they help to mark out the field within which the theologian has to work and to [find out] what his own role and contribution should be .

The chief mark of that period was a new confidence in the power of reason , as opposed to acceptance of authority , to discover truth : we find things out , not simply by believing what someone else tells us , but by considering the evidence , reflecting upon it , and accepting what can ‘ prove itself at the bar of reason ’ .
the chief mark of that period was a new confidence in the power of reason , as opposed to acceptance of authority , to [find out] truth : we find things out , not simply by believing what someone else tells us , but by considering the evidence , reflecting upon it , and accepting what can ‘ prove itself at the bar of reason ’ .

The ‘ revelation ’ to which they witness offers nothing that the development of a rational religious sensibility would not in time be able to discover for itself .
the ‘ revelation ’ to which they witness offers nothing that the development of a rational religious sensibility would not in time be able to [find out] for itself .

They are the means used by the writers and the early church to express their own awareness of the significance of Jesus who , as the Founder of Christianity , had been the first to discover the deep truth that God and man are one .
they are the means used by the writers and the early church to express their own awareness of the significance of jesus who , as the founder of christianity , had been the first to [find out] the deep truth that god and man are one .

The central matter to which the gospel points , he insisted , is Jesus Christ himself ; and it is in him , as the head and Lord of all mankind , that all men are invited to discover God , their neighbour , and themselves .
the central matter to which the gospel points , he insisted , is jesus christ himself ; and it is in him , as the head and lord of all mankind , that all men are invited to [find out] god , their neighbour , and themselves .

Echoing Kant , he insisted that any properly objective enquiry could not impose on its material methods worked out in advance or in relation to some other topic ; only within the context of encounter with and experience of the object itself could it discover how to speak of it and enquire into it .
echoing kant , he insisted that any properly objective enquiry could not impose on its material methods worked out in advance or in relation to some other topic ; only within the context of encounter with and experience of the object itself could it [find out] how to speak of it and enquire into it .

Barth travels far and wide through the Bible , from Genesis to Revelation , and digests , criticises , and re-states a vast amount of material from the previous history of Christian thought , and from contemporary discussion — much of this in lengthy pages of tiny print , which readers are sometimes relieved to discover can be passed over without loss of the main drift ( though it should be said that some of the finest passages are to be found in the small print ) .
barth travels far and wide through the bible , from genesis to revelation , and digests , criticises , and re-states a vast amount of material from the previous history of christian thought , and from contemporary discussion — much of this in lengthy pages of tiny print , which readers are sometimes relieved to [find out] can be passed over without loss of the main drift ( though it should be said that some of the finest passages are to be found in the small print ) .

Given our general theme , that it has been attitudes which determine methods , it is perhaps not surprising for the reader to discover that the amount of research on the effects of the systems of signing is very small indeed .
given our general theme , that it has been attitudes which determine methods , it is perhaps not surprising for the reader to [find out] that the amount of research on the effects of the systems of signing is very small indeed .

What was demanded of me , however , was that school would provide a secure , happy environment in which children would have an opportunity to share ideas , to develop their social skills and to discover their particular individual gifts .
what was demanded of me , however , was that school would provide a secure , happy environment in which children would have an opportunity to share ideas , to develop their social skills and to [find out] their particular individual gifts .

The operators of plant are bound to discover by experience aspects of the design which could be improved .
the operators of plant are bound to [find out] by experience aspects of the design which could be improved .

One of the purposes of an extended period of single-sex science teaching might be to let teachers see how girls approach scientific matters , and to discover , what may well be the case , that girls are just as capable of ‘ scientific thinking ’ as boys .
one of the purposes of an extended period of single-sex science teaching might be to let teachers see how girls approach scientific matters , and to [find out] , what may well be the case , that girls are just as capable of ‘ scientific thinking ’ as boys .

The purpose was to discover precisely how important qualifications were in determining their occupational chances .
the purpose was to [find out] precisely how important qualifications were in determining their occupational chances .

They were to discover , however , that a barely literate populace found the abstract word far more difficult to absorb than more concrete visual images , for as one Henrician reformer had earlier noted : ‘ into the common people things sooner enter by the eyes than by the ears .
they were to [find out] , however , that a barely literate populace found the abstract word far more difficult to absorb than more concrete visual images , for as one henrician reformer had earlier noted : ‘ into the common people things sooner enter by the eyes than by the ears .

If he were to discover the nature and the limits of this person he was — and , as time went by , stave off the timor mortis — fear of death — then he would go for the nerve and the bone , draw blood .
if he were to [find out] the nature and the limits of this person he was — and , as time went by , stave off the timor mortis — fear of death — then he would go for the nerve and the bone , draw blood .

Arthur Ibbetson , the English cameraman who worked with him on several occasions , first notes how alarmed he was to discover what a bad skin Richard had and then enthuses without pause about the shape of his face , his professionalism , his patience .
arthur ibbetson , the english cameraman who worked with him on several occasions , first notes how alarmed he was to [find out] what a bad skin richard had and then enthuses without pause about the shape of his face , his professionalism , his patience .

The German theologian Rudolf Bultmann ( 1884–1976 ) believed that we need to demythologise the New Testament because demonism was part of the cultural world-view of first-century Palestine that we must reject in order to discover authentic faith ( Bultmann 1953:5 ) .
the german theologian rudolf bultmann ( 1884–1976 ) believed that we need to demythologise the new testament because demonism was part of the cultural world-view of first-century palestine that we must reject in order to [find out] authentic faith ( bultmann 1953:5 ) .

‘ Discover good and evil for yourselves : reach out and taste reality .
‘ [find out] good and evil for yourselves : reach out and taste reality .

Sometimes children brought up in safe middle-class homes discover that safety is illusory as their parents split up , and the single-parent family becomes a dominant feature of modernity .
sometimes children brought up in safe middle-class homes [find out] that safety is illusory as their parents split up , and the single-parent family becomes a dominant feature of modernity .

Sometimes , with older pupils , it will be possible to discover the antecedents of a regional form in historical usage .
sometimes , with older pupils , it will be possible to [find out] the antecedents of a regional form in historical usage .

Bruner starts by leading children to discover what is in their own heads , and describes a lesson on sentence structure .
bruner starts by leading children to [find out] what is in their own heads , and describes a lesson on sentence structure .

We ask God for the help we need to discover what we have in common with our neighbours of other Faiths , so that , with peace among all believers , we may promote universal peace together . Your prayers are asked for this intention :
we ask god for the help we need to [find out] what we have in common with our neighbours of other faiths , so that , with peace among all believers , we may promote universal peace together . your prayers are asked for this intention :

It had not taken her long to discover the team 's skills ran to more than mere mountaineering .
it had not taken her long to [find out] the team 's skills ran to more than mere mountaineering .

Whatever the answers , the enemy must not discover these questions were being asked , for this would give away the landing areas of a future invasion .
whatever the answers , the enemy must not [find out] these questions were being asked , for this would give away the landing areas of a future invasion .

Having accepted the prior claim of the Kingdom , we then discover the generosity of God .
having accepted the prior claim of the kingdom , we then [find out] the generosity of god .

We must , therefore , seek to discover what the gospel has to say to our culture .
we must , therefore , seek to [find out] what the gospel has to say to our culture .

Time after time , ministers who thought they knew their churches inside-out discover new factors relating to their growth or lack of it , of which they would have remained blissfully unaware if they had not taken the trouble to investigate .
time after time , ministers who thought they knew their churches inside-out [find out] new factors relating to their growth or lack of it , of which they would have remained blissfully unaware if they had not taken the trouble to investigate .

We must seek to discover through the experimental work of small teams which approaches have the best chances of success , before committing the battalions .
we must seek to [find out] through the experimental work of small teams which approaches have the best chances of success , before committing the battalions .

When you have analysed a number of completed questionnaires you will probably discover that the most influential factor in introducing people to your church is the personal invitation of a friend .
when you have analysed a number of completed questionnaires you will probably [find out] that the most influential factor in introducing people to your church is the personal invitation of a friend .

But they will almost certainly have friends and perhaps relatives who are still church members who can be approached to discover the real reasons for their departure .
but they will almost certainly have friends and perhaps relatives who are still church members who can be approached to [find out] the real reasons for their departure .

The churches should seek to discover the community trends and local authority plans for the coming years .
the churches should seek to [find out] the community trends and local authority plans for the coming years .

Whilst the Spirit is ready to help prayerful communicators to guide them to hidden personal needs of which otherwise they would be unaware , he also expects us to take practical steps to discover the needs around us .
whilst the spirit is ready to help prayerful communicators to guide them to hidden personal needs of which otherwise they would be unaware , he also expects us to take practical steps to [find out] the needs around us .

He spent several weeks calling on the homes around his church to discover the needs of the community and the inhibitions which kept them from church attendance ( Schuller 1974:81 ) .
he spent several weeks calling on the homes around his church to [find out] the needs of the community and the inhibitions which kept them from church attendance ( schuller 1974:81 ) .

There is a certainty in your touch when you use them : know and be proud of them , discover further uses for them .
there is a certainty in your touch when you use them : know and be proud of them , [find out] further uses for them .

We go there with different motivations ; to discover knowledge , love , or power .
we go there with different motivations ; to [find out] knowledge , love , or power .

We can enter and be enclosed in the space of the symbolic womb and , within its oppressive , confined darkness , discover the sacred flame of spirit that is nourished there .
we can enter and be enclosed in the space of the symbolic womb and , within its oppressive , confined darkness , [find out] the sacred flame of spirit that is nourished there .

We can also , through being placed within complete physical limitations , discover our freedom to transcend these and attain knowledge unfettered by physical constraint .
we can also , through being placed within complete physical limitations , [find out] our freedom to transcend these and attain knowledge unfettered by physical constraint .

With this new departure comes a desire to discover fresh approaches and further subjects for his exploration , an endless process of examination of which he is certain he will never tire .
with this new departure comes a desire to [find out] fresh approaches and further subjects for his exploration , an endless process of examination of which he is certain he will never tire .

He was particularly proud of his drawings and made many in order to discover the absolutely right pose or disposition of the hands .
he was particularly proud of his drawings and made many in order to [find out] the absolutely right pose or disposition of the hands .

If you are prepared to live dangerously , you can take many of the techniques above and combine them in one image , or , you may even discover completely new applications for this superb medium .
if you are prepared to live dangerously , you can take many of the techniques above and combine them in one image , or , you may even [find out] completely new applications for this superb medium .

Reverse engineer , disassemble , decompile , translate , transfer , modify or make any attempt to discover the source code of the Program .
reverse engineer , disassemble , decompile , translate , transfer , modify or make any attempt to [find out] the source code of the program .

‘ The queen-dowager urges me in her letters to do my utmost to discover news of her sons .
‘ the queen-dowager urges me in her letters to do my utmost to [find out] news of her sons .

You will often find , usually at the end , the optimistic author 's ‘ Instructions to the Binder ’ for placing the plates ; and , as frequently , discover that the disobliging fellow , doubtless resenting such autocracy , has made up his own mind about it .
you will often find , usually at the end , the optimistic author 's ‘ instructions to the binder ’ for placing the plates ; and , as frequently , [find out] that the disobliging fellow , doubtless resenting such autocracy , has made up his own mind about it .

If communities can be thought of as houses , we are as concerned to discover what goes on in the bedroom , bathroom and kitchen as in the dining-room and sitting-room .
if communities can be thought of as houses , we are as concerned to [find out] what goes on in the bedroom , bathroom and kitchen as in the dining-room and sitting-room .

From this perspective , we set out to discover the plot of the social drama which the members of a particular community are in effect engaged in presenting , the parts or ‘ roles ’ that its members assume , and their mutual interaction as the play proceeds .
from this perspective , we set out to [find out] the plot of the social drama which the members of a particular community are in effect engaged in presenting , the parts or ‘ roles ’ that its members assume , and their mutual interaction as the play proceeds .

What is often lacking , however , in sociological research is a concerted effort to examine social data functionally in order to discover significant , rather than merely self-evident , correlations between different patterns of belief and behaviour .
what is often lacking , however , in sociological research is a concerted effort to examine social data functionally in order to [find out] significant , rather than merely self-evident , correlations between different patterns of belief and behaviour .

We discover how exotic peoples meet the universal basic human needs of food , shelter and sex in unexpected ways and with highly original and thought-provoking theories about the meaning of life and the nature of the human condition ; in so doing we begin to perceive the relativity and arbitrariness of our own basic postulates .
we [find out] how exotic peoples meet the universal basic human needs of food , shelter and sex in unexpected ways and with highly original and thought-provoking theories about the meaning of life and the nature of the human condition ; in so doing we begin to perceive the relativity and arbitrariness of our own basic postulates .

More positively , we discover how problems that result from the shrinking of family ties to what we call the ‘ nuclear family ’ are alleviated or avoided in the more flexible kinship arrangements of many tribal peoples .
more positively , we [find out] how problems that result from the shrinking of family ties to what we call the ‘ nuclear family ’ are alleviated or avoided in the more flexible kinship arrangements of many tribal peoples .

As he racks his brains to discover the purpose of some otherwise unintelligible artefact , the prehistorian turns hopefully to ‘ ethnographic parallels ’ from living cultures .
as he racks his brains to [find out] the purpose of some otherwise unintelligible artefact , the prehistorian turns hopefully to ‘ ethnographic parallels ’ from living cultures .

Maine considered that laws inevitably bore the stamp of the social conditions within which they were enacted and applied , so the best way to discover the course of social evolution was to examine the changing character of legal codes .
maine considered that laws inevitably bore the stamp of the social conditions within which they were enacted and applied , so the best way to [find out] the course of social evolution was to examine the changing character of legal codes .

Or , as the late Lord Raglan roundly declared ( admittedly in a more restricted context ) : ‘ savages never invent or discover anything ’ .
or , as the late lord raglan roundly declared ( admittedly in a more restricted context ) : ‘ savages never invent or [find out] anything ’ .

Through trance experiences stimulated by drinking tobacco juice , the shaman ( or his spirit ) flies into the skies to commune with the spirits , and discover and remedy the causes of affliction in his village .
through trance experiences stimulated by drinking tobacco juice , the shaman ( or his spirit ) flies into the skies to commune with the spirits , and [find out] and remedy the causes of affliction in his village .

The court considered it was relevant to discover that she had spent the day drinking more than twelve pints of lager and cider along with two bottles of wine , and had sexual intercourse with a soldier during the afternoon .
the court considered it was relevant to [find out] that she had spent the day drinking more than twelve pints of lager and cider along with two bottles of wine , and had sexual intercourse with a soldier during the afternoon .

During the next two days , as we tried to discover the fate of the 11 men , we met with the most powerful warlord in the country : General Aideed , who denied all knowledge of the incident and proved unable , or unwilling to do anything to find out .
during the next two days , as we tried to [find out] the fate of the 11 men , we met with the most powerful warlord in the country : general aideed , who denied all knowledge of the incident and proved unable , or unwilling to do anything to find out .

It is obviously much harder to establish an indication of the eventual size and temperament of a cross-bred ( mongrel ) dog , compared with a pedigree ( pure-bred ) animal , and so you will need to try to discover the parentage of a puppy of this type .
it is obviously much harder to establish an indication of the eventual size and temperament of a cross-bred ( mongrel ) dog , compared with a pedigree ( pure-bred ) animal , and so you will need to try to [find out] the parentage of a puppy of this type .

Never take the dog 's food away if you discover that it has misbehaved , or if it refuses to sit .
never take the dog 's food away if you [find out] that it has misbehaved , or if it refuses to sit .

Do you suppose there 's anything about a minister 's private life , particularly a minister in that Department , which is n't known to those people whose business it is to discover and document this kind of potential scandal ?
do you suppose there 's anything about a minister 's private life , particularly a minister in that department , which is n't known to those people whose business it is to [find out] and document this kind of potential scandal ?

… commanded his armie to halt , and himselfe went alone to the toppe where , having sighted the Mar del Sur , he knelt down and raising his hands to Heaven , pouring forth mighty praises to God for His great grace in having made him the first man to discover and sight it . Having made this pious demonstration , he signalled to all his people to come up , and they in their turn fell on their knees , rendering thanks to God for this great favour , while the Indians stood amazed at the rejoicing and the ecstasy of the Castilians …
… commanded his armie to halt , and himselfe went alone to the toppe where , having sighted the mar del sur , he knelt down and raising his hands to heaven , pouring forth mighty praises to god for his great grace in having made him the first man to [find out] and sight it . having made this pious demonstration , he signalled to all his people to come up , and they in their turn fell on their knees , rendering thanks to god for this great favour , while the indians stood amazed at the rejoicing and the ecstasy of the castilians …

So while d'Abreu and his colleagues went off eastwards , even braver or more foolhardy men — following the banner of Castile — were determined to discover — heroically and , as it turned out for many of them , fatally — the way to reach this same Orient by travelling outwards to the West , across the vast unknown .
so while d'abreu and his colleagues went off eastwards , even braver or more foolhardy men — following the banner of castile — were determined to [find out] — heroically and , as it turned out for many of them , fatally — the way to reach this same orient by travelling outwards to the west , across the vast unknown .

He would rapidly discover precisely what ‘ no great distance ’ meant .
he would rapidly [find out] precisely what ‘ no great distance ’ meant .

For this modest Cape , as Magellan and his men were soon to discover , marks the eastern end of ‘ the Strait that shall forever bear his name ’ — the entrance , at long last , to the Mar del Sur .
for this modest cape , as magellan and his men were soon to [find out] , marks the eastern end of ‘ the strait that shall forever bear his name ’ — the entrance , at long last , to the mar del sur .

One day , during a recreation period , Lexandro betook himself to a scriptory to study — only to discover that both of his ‘ brothers ’ were already ensconced there , although at data consoles some distance apart .
one day , during a recreation period , lexandro betook himself to a scriptory to study — only to [find out] that both of his ‘ brothers ’ were already ensconced there , although at data consoles some distance apart .

He would discover a web , a network of creation and destruction , which the spider on his face would recognize , and know how to navigate — to arrive at what ?
he would [find out] a web , a network of creation and destruction , which the spider on his face would recognize , and know how to navigate — to arrive at what ?

‘ Well , perhaps we 'll discover more later .
‘ well , perhaps we 'll [find out] more later .

‘ Have you ever tried to discover who you 're going to marry , miss , ’ asked Liddy , ‘ with a Bible and a key ? ’
‘ have you ever tried to [find out] who you 're going to marry , miss , ’ asked liddy , ‘ with a bible and a key ? ’

‘ It 's quite normal to try to discover who has written the — valentine .
‘ it 's quite normal to try to [find out] who has written the — valentine .

He did not know enough about women to discover from Bathsheba 's manner whether she wanted to see him or not .
he did not know enough about women to [find out] from bathsheba 's manner whether she wanted to see him or not .

Only on his way home did he suddenly realize that illness could have prevented her from meeting him , and only when he entered the farmhouse that evening did he discover that she was dead .
only on his way home did he suddenly realize that illness could have prevented her from meeting him , and only when he entered the farmhouse that evening did he [find out] that she was dead .

Then , just before the club 's debut v. Cromley Royal Artillery ( 1931 ) Ltd , fighting broke out in the dressing room and the Mitchley contingent in the crowd were surprised to discover the team was five players short and called Whaddon Athletic .
then , just before the club 's debut v. cromley royal artillery ( 1931 ) ltd , fighting broke out in the dressing room and the mitchley contingent in the crowd were surprised to [find out] the team was five players short and called whaddon athletic .

‘ First , ’ said Mr Brownlow calmly , ‘ we must discover who Oliver 's parents were .
‘ first , ’ said mr brownlow calmly , ‘ we must [find out] who oliver 's parents were .

When interpreting statutes the courts often announce that they are trying to discover ‘ the intention of the legislature .
when interpreting statutes the courts often announce that they are trying to [find out] ‘ the intention of the legislature .

‘ You do n't expect me to discover the secrets of Sakkrat dressed like a rescue ranger , do you ?
‘ you do n't expect me to [find out] the secrets of sakkrat dressed like a rescue ranger , do you ?

He did not stop to warn them of any of the unseen hazards he was first to discover .
he did not stop to warn them of any of the unseen hazards he was first to [find out] .

Not now , not when there was so much left to discover .
not now , not when there was so much left to [find out] .

‘ That we are about to discover , ’ said Sheldukher .
‘ that we are about to [find out] , ’ said sheldukher .

It took me some time — weeks — to discover that he was poor and wore clothes handed on by a negligently competent brother-in-law in the soft drinks business .
it took me some time — weeks — to [find out] that he was poor and wore clothes handed on by a negligently competent brother-in-law in the soft drinks business .

Assistance in all these areas would provide the chance for musicians to develop their own potential and to discover whether there is an audience for their music .
assistance in all these areas would provide the chance for musicians to develop their own potential and to [find out] whether there is an audience for their music .

‘ You must give me your solemn assurance on three counts : that you will not seek to discover the identity of my client , that you will not ask for any further assistance if the venture should prove to be unsuccessful and finally that you will not discuss this matter with any other person ; this stipulation to include even members of your own family and your circle of personal friends and acquaintances . ’
‘ you must give me your solemn assurance on three counts : that you will not seek to [find out] the identity of my client , that you will not ask for any further assistance if the venture should prove to be unsuccessful and finally that you will not discuss this matter with any other person ; this stipulation to include even members of your own family and your circle of personal friends and acquaintances . ’

In such areas we discover a whole lived ‘ colouring ’ , and a wide area of actual social practice , which are culturally specific and thus analytically indispensable .
in such areas we [find out] a whole lived ‘ colouring ’ , and a wide area of actual social practice , which are culturally specific and thus analytically indispensable .

Mr Wopsle went in to discover what was happening , and after a few minutes rushed out , calling , ‘ Something wrong up at the forge , Pip !
mr wopsle went in to [find out] what was happening , and after a few minutes rushed out , calling , ‘ something wrong up at the forge , pip !

She used to write a word or draw a picture when she wanted something , and we tried to discover what she meant .
she used to write a word or draw a picture when she wanted something , and we tried to [find out] what she meant .

You are forbidden to ask any questions or try to discover who the person is .
you are forbidden to ask any questions or try to [find out] who the person is .

Perhaps you 'll discover more then .
perhaps you 'll [find out] more then .

The case trotted on at something slightly better than the conventional pace of litigation in this country and arrived at a point where each side had to ‘ discover ’ to the other all relevant documents relating to the matter .
the case trotted on at something slightly better than the conventional pace of litigation in this country and arrived at a point where each side had to ‘ [find out] ’ to the other all relevant documents relating to the matter .

Having travelled five times to Rhodesia , having spent hours in laborious , painful , and indeed anguished disputation with Mr Smith and his colleagues , to discover that it was all futile because of arrogance on the part of the Foreign Office is something about which a saint would undoubtedly entertain a certain resentment .
having travelled five times to rhodesia , having spent hours in laborious , painful , and indeed anguished disputation with mr smith and his colleagues , to [find out] that it was all futile because of arrogance on the part of the foreign office is something about which a saint would undoubtedly entertain a certain resentment .

‘ An engagement is announced between … ’ The truth had not been too difficult to discover .
‘ an engagement is announced between … ’ the truth had not been too difficult to [find out] .

All the same it was a relief to discover that he really was n't in .
all the same it was a relief to [find out] that he really was n't in .

No threatening footsteps tapped up the corridor to discover her .
no threatening footsteps tapped up the corridor to [find out] her .

Realising that she would probably be dismissed on the spot if Esther should discover her , she closeted herself in the pantry and proceeded to pour herself a glass of sarsaparilla from the big earthenware jug there .
realising that she would probably be dismissed on the spot if esther should [find out] her , she closeted herself in the pantry and proceeded to pour herself a glass of sarsaparilla from the big earthenware jug there .

Shopkeepers and local tradesmen often carry out this role — indeed , surviving rural craftsmen , such as thatchers and blacksmiths , discover a rejuvenated demand for their skills among the newcomers .
shopkeepers and local tradesmen often carry out this role — indeed , surviving rural craftsmen , such as thatchers and blacksmiths , [find out] a rejuvenated demand for their skills among the newcomers .

Gradually Adam would discover where and how each woman liked to be touched , and he would change his techniques to suit her , then move on to something that she was n't expecting or had never experienced .
gradually adam would [find out] where and how each woman liked to be touched , and he would change his techniques to suit her , then move on to something that she was n't expecting or had never experienced .

Seething with indignation and fury , she told herself that this was the best way to catch Adam off guard and discover what was going on .
seething with indignation and fury , she told herself that this was the best way to catch adam off guard and [find out] what was going on .

The poor duck must have crawled all that way , a hundred metres or more to that second patch of light ; our bright idea of putting the branches down after him to cover him up was pointless ; for all these years it would only have needed some more kids to have come along with torches or bits of burning paper to discover the body .
the poor duck must have crawled all that way , a hundred metres or more to that second patch of light ; our bright idea of putting the branches down after him to cover him up was pointless ; for all these years it would only have needed some more kids to have come along with torches or bits of burning paper to [find out] the body .

‘ There are them that divv n't like it , ’ she said , dogged , as he was to discover , by honesty .
‘ there are them that divv n't like it , ’ she said , dogged , as he was to [find out] , by honesty .

It was Mrs Robinson who served him his late breakfast and it took no more than the tapping of an eggshell to discover from that guileless woman that her husband had gone down to Lorton with goats ' cheese and potted char for the market men who called there on a Thursday .
it was mrs robinson who served him his late breakfast and it took no more than the tapping of an eggshell to [find out] from that guileless woman that her husband had gone down to lorton with goats ' cheese and potted char for the market men who called there on a thursday .

With a dexterity that did his age credit , the old man stopped the sweating horse and accosted John-Augustus , who was much relieved to discover that the stranger 's own preoccupation blocked out any interest in his own .
with a dexterity that did his age credit , the old man stopped the sweating horse and accosted john-augustus , who was much relieved to [find out] that the stranger 's own preoccupation blocked out any interest in his own .

Hope could see Crump 's artistically twisted body draped over a volcanic rock , dead but unbruised , unbleeding , ready for a sort of sanctification as the Artist — Merchant who had been determined to throw over the chains of trade and discover the zephyrs of beauty , freedom , romance and nature .
hope could see crump 's artistically twisted body draped over a volcanic rock , dead but unbruised , unbleeding , ready for a sort of sanctification as the artist — merchant who had been determined to throw over the chains of trade and [find out] the zephyrs of beauty , freedom , romance and nature .

To study constitutional law we need to discover what a constitution is .
to study constitutional law we need to [find out] what a constitution is .

We discover that the contrast is based upon a particular set of values which science is believed to embody , and which is apparently lacking in the humanities .
we [find out] that the contrast is based upon a particular set of values which science is believed to embody , and which is apparently lacking in the humanities .

’ They were to discover that these country lads were the equals — perhaps the superiors — of their Indian counterparts in political sagacity .
’ they were to [find out] that these country lads were the equals — perhaps the superiors — of their indian counterparts in political sagacity .

As the language system is the focus of our study here , we start with the idea of the linguistic variable ( for example the vowel /a/ in such items as cat , bad , have ) , and our first task is to discover what the possible variants of a variable may be : subsequently , the quantitative distribution of linguistic variants may be demonstrated by reference to the familiar speaker-variables of social dialectology , such as age and sex of speaker .
as the language system is the focus of our study here , we start with the idea of the linguistic variable ( for example the vowel /a/ in such items as cat , bad , have ) , and our first task is to [find out] what the possible variants of a variable may be : subsequently , the quantitative distribution of linguistic variants may be demonstrated by reference to the familiar speaker-variables of social dialectology , such as age and sex of speaker .

And this selectivity is of course justified by my immediate aim , which is phonological rather than sociolinguistic — to discover whether we can reasonably speak of a meat/mate merger in Belfast English .
and this selectivity is of course justified by my immediate aim , which is phonological rather than sociolinguistic — to [find out] whether we can reasonably speak of a meat/mate merger in belfast english .

Three different elements of such a contrast can be identified : ( a ) the historical contrast between modern society and former societies ; ( b ) the investigation of modern consciousness to discover the extent of objectification ; ( c ) speculations about the future nature of social consciousness .
three different elements of such a contrast can be identified : ( a ) the historical contrast between modern society and former societies ; ( b ) the investigation of modern consciousness to [find out] the extent of objectification ; ( c ) speculations about the future nature of social consciousness .

Considerable ingenuity may be required to discover non-racial criteria for racial discrimination and non-racial reasons for criticizing other races .
considerable ingenuity may be required to [find out] non-racial criteria for racial discrimination and non-racial reasons for criticizing other races .

In this way it might be possible to discover the implicit features , which may be made explicit at some later date .
in this way it might be possible to [find out] the implicit features , which may be made explicit at some later date .

For example , in the laboratory , experimental subjects might be asked to role-play in hypothetical future situations , in order to discover under what types of circumstance they might Take the Role of the Other .
for example , in the laboratory , experimental subjects might be asked to role-play in hypothetical future situations , in order to [find out] under what types of circumstance they might take the role of the other .

Our images of the house are continually modified by the actual houses we encounter , and our perceptions of their size , shape , order and limitations ; and the effect of this is most pronounced when we engage in attempts to alter , extend , or discover pleasure in some physical aspect of this materiality which may resist these constraints .
our images of the house are continually modified by the actual houses we encounter , and our perceptions of their size , shape , order and limitations ; and the effect of this is most pronounced when we engage in attempts to alter , extend , or [find out] pleasure in some physical aspect of this materiality which may resist these constraints .

Field men , however , are constantly reminded that industrialists and farmers work on a principle of equity : they can readily discover the standards which their competitors must observe and may complain if they are being handicapped .
field men , however , are constantly reminded that industrialists and farmers work on a principle of equity : they can readily [find out] the standards which their competitors must observe and may complain if they are being handicapped .

To do so will effectively set a precedent for other dischargers who will soon discover that McDonald 's is operating at an advantage .
to do so will effectively set a precedent for other dischargers who will soon [find out] that mcdonald 's is operating at an advantage .

The field officer will only discover examples of pollution himself , however , when he engages in proactive enforcement , through regular surveillance by sampling or inspection or , if his suspicions are aroused , through spot checks .
the field officer will only [find out] examples of pollution himself , however , when he engages in proactive enforcement , through regular surveillance by sampling or inspection or , if his suspicions are aroused , through spot checks .

Laboratory constraints reach the field officer in the form of a curb against excessive or irregular sampling , suggesting the possibility that the agency 's capacity to process data limits its ability to discover and identify deviance .
laboratory constraints reach the field officer in the form of a curb against excessive or irregular sampling , suggesting the possibility that the agency 's capacity to process data limits its ability to [find out] and identify deviance .

Some forms of pollution are difficult to discover .
some forms of pollution are difficult to [find out] .

It is not possible to discover even one other sentential context in which the im — /zero alternation can reproduce the contrast we find with impertinent .
it is not possible to [find out] even one other sentential context in which the im — /zero alternation can reproduce the contrast we find with impertinent .

It is not possible , using this technique , to discover which is the semantic head in the highest construction in a simple sentence , that is to say , the subject-predicate construction .
it is not possible , using this technique , to [find out] which is the semantic head in the highest construction in a simple sentence , that is to say , the subject-predicate construction .

In such cases what we need to discover is the most specific head all of whose incompatibles are xenonyms — that is , a head such that , for any hyponym , at least one incompatible can be found which is also a philonym of the modifier .
in such cases what we need to [find out] is the most specific head all of whose incompatibles are xenonyms — that is , a head such that , for any hyponym , at least one incompatible can be found which is also a philonym of the modifier .

Dickens published Sketches by Boz in 1836–7 , just twenty years after Jane Austen 's death , and it is not difficult to discover , by a comparison , why Kingsley should have regarded that book as a watershed in the depiction of fictional living space .
dickens published sketches by boz in 1836–7 , just twenty years after jane austen 's death , and it is not difficult to [find out] , by a comparison , why kingsley should have regarded that book as a watershed in the depiction of fictional living space .

This gives us , if we know the date of the award ( which is easy to discover ) , the exact date of all the external fences or hedges , but it does not tell us the date of the internal fences on the bigger allotments .
this gives us , if we know the date of the award ( which is easy to [find out] ) , the exact date of all the external fences or hedges , but it does not tell us the date of the internal fences on the bigger allotments .

It is possible that a few minor markets did grow slowly from an earlier village but they are difficult to discover .
it is possible that a few minor markets did grow slowly from an earlier village but they are difficult to [find out] .

In his seminal chapter ‘ The fact of blackness ’ , from Black Skins , White Masks , Frantz Fanon vividly conveys the experience of being Other — ‘ the desperate struggles of a Negro who is driven to discover the meaning of black identity ’ .
in his seminal chapter ‘ the fact of blackness ’ , from black skins , white masks , frantz fanon vividly conveys the experience of being other — ‘ the desperate struggles of a negro who is driven to [find out] the meaning of black identity ’ .

It can link together disparate and formally opposed groups , leading them to discover the morbid pleasures of seeing themselves as ‘ one nation ’ .
it can link together disparate and formally opposed groups , leading them to [find out] the morbid pleasures of seeing themselves as ‘ one nation ’ .

It is said that Parliamentary materials are not readily available to , and understandable by , the citizen and his lawyers who should be entitled to rely on the words of Parliament alone to discover his position .
it is said that parliamentary materials are not readily available to , and understandable by , the citizen and his lawyers who should be entitled to rely on the words of parliament alone to [find out] his position .

Sailors who start a National Union will discover this for themselves .
sailors who start a national union will [find out] this for themselves .

We were shocked to discover how important this secretive and ill-attended rite was , and realized that our aquatic curiosity might well have offended these creatures on whose appearance , or otherwise , rested the continuation of the entire festival .
we were shocked to [find out] how important this secretive and ill-attended rite was , and realized that our aquatic curiosity might well have offended these creatures on whose appearance , or otherwise , rested the continuation of the entire festival .

We were to discover that it was just large enough to hold a corpse and two breathlessly claustrophobic busy-bodies .
we were to [find out] that it was just large enough to hold a corpse and two breathlessly claustrophobic busy-bodies .

If you attend a mountaineering club lecture in order to discover whether you should attempt this sport , you will follow the discussion much more easily if you have read a little about it .
if you attend a mountaineering club lecture in order to [find out] whether you should attempt this sport , you will follow the discussion much more easily if you have read a little about it .

Soil tests to discover the pH are easily done , and the kits for doing them are provided with instructions by several garden product companies , and stocked at garden shops .
soil tests to [find out] the ph are easily done , and the kits for doing them are provided with instructions by several garden product companies , and stocked at garden shops .

It 's left to people working in education to discover those applications in their own disciplines .
it 's left to people working in education to [find out] those applications in their own disciplines .

He had already learned his lesson by painful experience ; the burn-like swelling on his left calf still throbbed occasionally to remind him of the morning a week ago when he had drawn on his trousers carelessly , to discover that a scorpion had spent the night nestling in one of the legs .
he had already learned his lesson by painful experience ; the burn-like swelling on his left calf still throbbed occasionally to remind him of the morning a week ago when he had drawn on his trousers carelessly , to [find out] that a scorpion had spent the night nestling in one of the legs .

All next day she called and she hunted , but no trace of her baby could she discover , not so much as a footprint on the sand .
all next day she called and she hunted , but no trace of her baby could she [find out] , not so much as a footprint on the sand .

Only now did the Tsar discover that the Bulgar was none other than his nephew , Prince Milosh Voinovitch .
only now did the tsar [find out] that the bulgar was none other than his nephew , prince milosh voinovitch .

( b ) Discover the main changes in the European economy of this time .
( b ) [find out] the main changes in the european economy of this time .

to discover what the historian feels about a particular problem/person/event ?
to [find out] what the historian feels about a particular problem/person/event ?

You will soon discover that a bewildering variety of history books have been written over several decades on the modern period alone .
you will soon [find out] that a bewildering variety of history books have been written over several decades on the modern period alone .

To discover the main points in this writing you must identify the key words and phrases that create the mental picture .
to [find out] the main points in this writing you must identify the key words and phrases that create the mental picture .

Discover it !
[find out] it !

Pattern note-making requires you to : ( a ) discover the historian 's key ideas and his most significant supporting details .
pattern note-making requires you to : ( a ) [find out] the historian 's key ideas and his most significant supporting details .

It may be a while before they discover the paragraph and then the sentence .
it may be a while before they [find out] the paragraph and then the sentence .

Although only one in five of the mothers in this book had positively wanted to have a baby , and a few did n't mind , the rest had no particular wish to get pregnant and were rather shocked to discover that they were .
although only one in five of the mothers in this book had positively wanted to have a baby , and a few did n't mind , the rest had no particular wish to get pregnant and were rather shocked to [find out] that they were .

Some relationships have already split up before girls realise that their periods have stopped or they feel a bit sick , and they discover they are well and truly pregnant .
some relationships have already split up before girls realise that their periods have stopped or they feel a bit sick , and they [find out] they are well and truly pregnant .

What happens to those who are already going out with another boyfriend when they discover they are pregnant ?
what happens to those who are already going out with another boyfriend when they [find out] they are pregnant ?

Today tourist trails follow the route of the old cossack patrols , and schoolchildren participate in archaeological investigations to discover the location of remnants of lost signal towers .
today tourist trails follow the route of the old cossack patrols , and schoolchildren participate in archaeological investigations to [find out] the location of remnants of lost signal towers .

In this state his spirit was said to fly to the other world of spirits and there discover the cause of and cure for a person 's illness , the identity of a malefactor , or the nature of events destined to occur .
in this state his spirit was said to fly to the other world of spirits and there [find out] the cause of and cure for a person 's illness , the identity of a malefactor , or the nature of events destined to occur .

To discover a new species and have it named after me
to [find out] a new species and have it named after me

Liz had joked that they were sure , in the rafters , to discover a dead baby , and indeed they did find there a mummified cat , which a pathologist friend hazarded to be at least a hundred years old .
liz had joked that they were sure , in the rafters , to [find out] a dead baby , and indeed they did find there a mummified cat , which a pathologist friend hazarded to be at least a hundred years old .

They did not recognize the British calendar , or , indeed , she was later to discover , their own : their first choice of conference date had been Boxing Day , but from this they had been dissuaded .
they did not recognize the british calendar , or , indeed , she was later to [find out] , their own : their first choice of conference date had been boxing day , but from this they had been dissuaded .

Science seeks to discover the operation of general laws which , by their nature , always manifest themselves in certain situations .
science seeks to [find out] the operation of general laws which , by their nature , always manifest themselves in certain situations .

Alan was lucky enough to discover a scorpion in the fruit bowl .
alan was lucky enough to [find out] a scorpion in the fruit bowl .

You may discover a hidden self in a racing car on a high-speed circuit .
you may [find out] a hidden self in a racing car on a high-speed circuit .

Japanese scientists attempted to discover whether they could change the behaviour patterns of the troupe .
japanese scientists attempted to [find out] whether they could change the behaviour patterns of the troupe .

To understand the act it is therefore necessary to discover the meaning held by the actors .
to understand the act it is therefore necessary to [find out] the meaning held by the actors .

If action stems from subjective meanings , it follows that the sociologist must discover those meanings in order to understand action .
if action stems from subjective meanings , it follows that the sociologist must [find out] those meanings in order to understand action .

Phenomenologists do not try to establish what causes crime ; instead they try to discover how certain events come to be defined as crimes and certain people defined as criminal .
phenomenologists do not try to establish what causes crime ; instead they try to [find out] how certain events come to be defined as crimes and certain people defined as criminal .

By examining these different measures it is possible to discover the effects of government policy on the distribution of income .
by examining these different measures it is possible to [find out] the effects of government policy on the distribution of income .

You discover what it is you have to say in the process of saying it .
you [find out] what it is you have to say in the process of saying it .

The graphic work and the sculpture interpret the ‘ voices ’ and ‘ stillness ’ in largely unrelated ways as the artist employs each medium to discover and disclose different aspects of what , to use one of her titles , lies ‘ Beyond the Mirror ’ .
the graphic work and the sculpture interpret the ‘ voices ’ and ‘ stillness ’ in largely unrelated ways as the artist employs each medium to [find out] and disclose different aspects of what , to use one of her titles , lies ‘ beyond the mirror ’ .

All these preparations for living off the land were unnecessary , for between them they knew of a network of wealthy houses , stretching from St Tropez to Mykonos , where bedrooms with a bath en suite , swimming-pools and occasional servants in white gloves would be put at their disposal by parents only too grateful to discover that their daughters had not , as yet , been violated by a lorry-driver or their sons arrested for the importation of stuff .
all these preparations for living off the land were unnecessary , for between them they knew of a network of wealthy houses , stretching from st tropez to mykonos , where bedrooms with a bath en suite , swimming-pools and occasional servants in white gloves would be put at their disposal by parents only too grateful to [find out] that their daughters had not , as yet , been violated by a lorry-driver or their sons arrested for the importation of stuff .

As the forces of production change and develop , as men acquire new skills , fashion new implements , discover new raw materials , a point is reached at which the existing structure of society becomes an obstacle to further development .
as the forces of production change and develop , as men acquire new skills , fashion new implements , [find out] new raw materials , a point is reached at which the existing structure of society becomes an obstacle to further development .

Moved by a profound commitment to social justice , they did their utmost to understand the sources of exploitation and to discover the means , and build the organization necessary to free the peasants .
moved by a profound commitment to social justice , they did their utmost to understand the sources of exploitation and to [find out] the means , and build the organization necessary to free the peasants .

The pop singer , Morrissey , was so astounded to discover that some girls ' breasts are bigger than others that he wrote a song about it .
the pop singer , morrissey , was so astounded to [find out] that some girls ' breasts are bigger than others that he wrote a song about it .

‘ Every system of production tends to discover punishments which correspond to its productive relationships ’ ( 1939 : 5 ) .
‘ every system of production tends to [find out] punishments which correspond to its productive relationships ’ ( 1939 : 5 ) .

In writing , you will discover what can and can not be done , and then perhaps you will have to modify your attention-grabbing murder , if only by having a few fewer porcupine quills .
in writing , you will [find out] what can and can not be done , and then perhaps you will have to modify your attention-grabbing murder , if only by having a few fewer porcupine quills .

Perhaps the very first thing you will discover in acquiring a knowledge of actual police work , though it is in fact obvious , is that the sort of murders the police deal with are very different from the sort of murders that the detectives of detective stories dealt with .
perhaps the very first thing you will [find out] in acquiring a knowledge of actual police work , though it is in fact obvious , is that the sort of murders the police deal with are very different from the sort of murders that the detectives of detective stories dealt with .

From this we can go on to discover one of the rules for this sort of crime fiction .
from this we can go on to [find out] one of the rules for this sort of crime fiction .

‘ Because if they do , it 's possible they might discover that they 've only got their zombi gas for about another twenty minutes .
‘ because if they do , it 's possible they might [find out] that they 've only got their zombi gas for about another twenty minutes .

He was pleased to discover that the Simonova was equipped with the type of pod which permitted the moment of release to be selected independently .
he was pleased to [find out] that the simonova was equipped with the type of pod which permitted the moment of release to be selected independently .

He looked through the transparency again , and was alarmed to discover that the pod appeared to have increased its rate of descent .
he looked through the transparency again , and was alarmed to [find out] that the pod appeared to have increased its rate of descent .

It is their task to interpret Old Science and to discover the new .
it is their task to interpret old science and to [find out] the new .

It was startling to discover that a race which was identifiably mutant had laws for the suppression of mutations , and he guessed that the origin of cause and principle alike lay somewhere in the lost time of the isolation of Tarvaras from the Empire .
it was startling to [find out] that a race which was identifiably mutant had laws for the suppression of mutations , and he guessed that the origin of cause and principle alike lay somewhere in the lost time of the isolation of tarvaras from the empire .

It was depressing to discover that the warmth of Alexei 's concern was a sham , and that it had been aimed at making him susceptible to ideas which would lead to the industrialisation of Tarvaras .
it was depressing to [find out] that the warmth of alexei 's concern was a sham , and that it had been aimed at making him susceptible to ideas which would lead to the industrialisation of tarvaras .

They would scarcely need spies to discover that we were preparing the kind of fleet we would need to land an army across the Inner Sea .
they would scarcely need spies to [find out] that we were preparing the kind of fleet we would need to land an army across the inner sea .

Surely tonight , when they went home , she would discover the truth ?
surely tonight , when they went home , she would [find out] the truth ?

They did not appear to be engaged , nor was Madeleine sporting a ring , but Harry had had no opportunity to discover if the army captain was really her fiance .
they did not appear to be engaged , nor was madeleine sporting a ring , but harry had had no opportunity to [find out] if the army captain was really her fiance .

He was on his way to dine with the Debraces in their London house , where , he assumed , he would discover the facts .
he was on his way to dine with the debraces in their london house , where , he assumed , he would [find out] the facts .

This time she decided to discover who it was .
this time she decided to [find out] who it was .

The strong normative bias in the study of social policy has led at times to a greater preoccupation with criticism of policies than with attempts to discover why they take the forms they do .
the strong normative bias in the study of social policy has led at times to a greater preoccupation with criticism of policies than with attempts to [find out] why they take the forms they do .

Late in the nineteenth century Britain had begun to discover that an advanced industrial nation is vulnerable to alarming economic fluctuations , owing to the uncoordinated nature of much business decision making and the international complications of the trade cycle .
late in the nineteenth century britain had begun to [find out] that an advanced industrial nation is vulnerable to alarming economic fluctuations , owing to the uncoordinated nature of much business decision making and the international complications of the trade cycle .

Moreover , in many instances major Acts follow the recommendations of the reports of Royal Commissions or interdepartmental working parties and so forth , which try to discover the facts about a particular problem and seek advice and opinion from all the people concerned .
moreover , in many instances major acts follow the recommendations of the reports of royal commissions or interdepartmental working parties and so forth , which try to [find out] the facts about a particular problem and seek advice and opinion from all the people concerned .

In short , it is not enough to discover needs and legislate to meet them ; the actual means by which the legislative intentions are put into practice are of equal importance .
in short , it is not enough to [find out] needs and legislate to meet them ; the actual means by which the legislative intentions are put into practice are of equal importance .

You will discover a time for that .
you will [find out] a time for that .

But if you have practised on a tape recorder and you discover that you are talking in a monotonous , even tone , try reading the speech putting emphasis on certain words .
but if you have practised on a tape recorder and you [find out] that you are talking in a monotonous , even tone , try reading the speech putting emphasis on certain words .

It is also particularly difficult to discover your place in a speech after you have been looking up at the audience .
it is also particularly difficult to [find out] your place in a speech after you have been looking up at the audience .

After the ceremony they really did discover that the minister had married the bride to the best man !
after the ceremony they really did [find out] that the minister had married the bride to the best man !

‘ That is when you will discover if all those decisions you took during the last three years were the right ones .
‘ that is when you will [find out] if all those decisions you took during the last three years were the right ones .

We must now wait to discover how much Maynard relishes the captain 's job , coming to him much earlier than he can have imagined , and whether — as in the case of Morris back in 1989 — it affects his form and composure .
we must now wait to [find out] how much maynard relishes the captain 's job , coming to him much earlier than he can have imagined , and whether — as in the case of morris back in 1989 — it affects his form and composure .

This study aimed to review the content of referral letters from general practitioners to a child psychiatry department and to discover whether general practitioners and psychiatrists hold different views on the information that should be included in a referral letter .
this study aimed to review the content of referral letters from general practitioners to a child psychiatry department and to [find out] whether general practitioners and psychiatrists hold different views on the information that should be included in a referral letter .

As you stroll through the narrow streets , be sure to look upwards at regular intervals , and you will discover why they call Aarau the town of the beautiful gables .
as you stroll through the narrow streets , be sure to look upwards at regular intervals , and you will [find out] why they call aarau the town of the beautiful gables .

The first is to The North : From the Aare to the Rhine Falls discover that it has two gates , and to find out why , it is necessary to learn a little about the town 's origins and early history .
the first is to the north : from the aare to the rhine falls [find out] that it has two gates , and to find out why , it is necessary to learn a little about the town 's origins and early history .

It seems unlikely that much was imported , but a walk on the shores of the west coast of the island will discover many pebbles of flint amongst the others , and they vary in size from very small ones , too small to use , to the occasional large one bigger than the largest grapefruit .
it seems unlikely that much was imported , but a walk on the shores of the west coast of the island will [find out] many pebbles of flint amongst the others , and they vary in size from very small ones , too small to use , to the occasional large one bigger than the largest grapefruit .

taking to Consideration That there are a great deal thefts Committed in this Country Doe to prevent & Discover the samen come to the following Resolutions , That The Chamber lain of Kildaltan & some of the princl .
taking to consideration that there are a great deal thefts committed in this country doe to prevent & [find out] the samen come to the following resolutions , that the chamber lain of kildaltan & some of the princl .

taking to Consideration That there are a great deal thefts Committed in this Country Doe to prevent & Discover the samen come to the following Resolutions , That The Chamber lain of Kildaltan & some of the princl .
taking to consideration that there are a great deal thefts committed in this country doe to prevent & [find out] the samen come to the following resolutions , that the chamber lain of kildaltan & some of the princl .

He had normal hearing all his life and it has proved impossible to discover what aroused his interest in deafness .
he had normal hearing all his life and it has proved impossible to [find out] what aroused his interest in deafness .

Simone de Beauvoir was convinced that Nizan 's confrontation with the reality of the Soviet experiment had been a profoundly disorientating experience for him : `` Nizan was deeply disturbed to discover that out there , as here , everyone died alone and knew it `` , she noted .
simone de beauvoir was convinced that nizan 's confrontation with the reality of the soviet experiment had been a profoundly disorientating experience for him : `` nizan was deeply disturbed to [find out] that out there , as here , everyone died alone and knew it `` , she noted .

It does , however , remove the humbug which leaves the elderly to discover that our current free health service is a sham .
it does , however , remove the humbug which leaves the elderly to [find out] that our current free health service is a sham .

This desire to discover can take several different forms , depending on a person 's range of knowledge .
this desire to [find out] can take several different forms , depending on a person 's range of knowledge .

In areas where the population is relatively small and thinly-spread , fieldworkers looking for new sites may well discover ruins and large monuments , such as burial mounds , hillforts , and rock paintings that were previously unknown .
in areas where the population is relatively small and thinly-spread , fieldworkers looking for new sites may well [find out] ruins and large monuments , such as burial mounds , hillforts , and rock paintings that were previously unknown .

Whatever the method used to discover a new site , the most important element is to record its position and any other details that might be apparent at the time of discovery .
whatever the method used to [find out] a new site , the most important element is to record its position and any other details that might be apparent at the time of discovery .

With some pottery , chemical analysis can also be used to discover what the pottery vessel may have once contained or have been used for .
with some pottery , chemical analysis can also be used to [find out] what the pottery vessel may have once contained or have been used for .

In bed he was further surprised to discover that a person capable of such mental sophistication could retain a physical side more typical of a child of eight .
in bed he was further surprised to [find out] that a person capable of such mental sophistication could retain a physical side more typical of a child of eight .

Its awe-inspiring interior space was to an extent destroyed by the exhibition display demonstrating how the urge to discover and explore had been expressed throughout the ages .
its awe-inspiring interior space was to an extent destroyed by the exhibition display demonstrating how the urge to [find out] and explore had been expressed throughout the ages .

When told that his two years at sea did not count , he resignedly attended his medical only to discover that his hearing was impaired and he was declared unfit for military service .
when told that his two years at sea did not count , he resignedly attended his medical only to [find out] that his hearing was impaired and he was declared unfit for military service .

He was amused to discover that , despite two years in the merchant navy , he was regarded as an unspoiled youth by those who , like Minton , resented the de-naturalising effect of privilege and the public school system .
he was amused to [find out] that , despite two years in the merchant navy , he was regarded as an unspoiled youth by those who , like minton , resented the de-naturalising effect of privilege and the public school system .

How many of us in fact discover our convictions from what we write , instead of writing in obedience to known convictions ? ( Geoffrey Grigson 1982 )
how many of us in fact [find out] our convictions from what we write , instead of writing in obedience to known convictions ? ( geoffrey grigson 1982 )

Children have to discover this .
children have to [find out] this .

Yu suddenly discover dat yu going Green all over .
yu suddenly [find out] dat yu going green all over .

What is more important is to discover the causes of delay , without which general conclusions are likely to be unhelpful .
what is more important is to [find out] the causes of delay , without which general conclusions are likely to be unhelpful .

Since we are going to discover other reasons for rejecting the tripartite definition , we have no reason to pursue this point here .
since we are going to [find out] other reasons for rejecting the tripartite definition , we have no reason to pursue this point here .

So what on earth could depend on our success or failure to discover necessary and sufficient conditions for knowledge ?
so what on earth could depend on our success or failure to [find out] necessary and sufficient conditions for knowledge ?

In order to discover how such inferences are made , we will need firstly to examine the range of possible functions of language , and secondly to try to understand how people correctly interpret them .
in order to [find out] how such inferences are made , we will need firstly to examine the range of possible functions of language , and secondly to try to understand how people correctly interpret them .

In order to discover how such inferences are made , we will need firstly to examine the range of possible functions of language , and secondly to try to understand how people correctly interpret them .
in order to [find out] how such inferences are made , we will need firstly to examine the range of possible functions of language , and secondly to try to understand how people correctly interpret them .

Conversation analysis , which is sometimes regarded as distinct from discourse analysis ( Levinson 1983:286 ) , is a branch of study which sets out to discover what order there might be in this apparent chaos .
conversation analysis , which is sometimes regarded as distinct from discourse analysis ( levinson 1983:286 ) , is a branch of study which sets out to [find out] what order there might be in this apparent chaos .

The discourse analyst attempts to discover regularities in his data and to describe them .
the discourse analyst attempts to [find out] regularities in his data and to describe them .

One of the first things an infant elephant has to discover is how to use its trunk .
one of the first things an infant elephant has to [find out] is how to use its trunk .

Not until it is four or five months old does it discover the remarkable fact that water can be sniffed up into a trunk and then , if you blow out , you can hose it into your mouth .
not until it is four or five months old does it [find out] the remarkable fact that water can be sniffed up into a trunk and then , if you blow out , you can hose it into your mouth .

If they discover a grasshopper or a beetle , they swarm all over it , sinking their jaws between the joints of its external skeleton and dismembering it with surgical precision .
if they [find out] a grasshopper or a beetle , they swarm all over it , sinking their jaws between the joints of its external skeleton and dismembering it with surgical precision .

When they discover a shoal of smaller fish , they will harry them on all sides , driving them into such a dense concentration that the technique has been called ‘ meat-balling ’ .
when they [find out] a shoal of smaller fish , they will harry them on all sides , driving them into such a dense concentration that the technique has been called ‘ meat-balling ’ .

Birds possess a similar skill as you will discover if you try to dismantle even the untidiest and most apparently haphazard of twig nests .
birds possess a similar skill as you will [find out] if you try to dismantle even the untidiest and most apparently haphazard of twig nests .

Wedgewood sets out to find it and both parties discover that someone has already arrived on the Moon before them …
wedgewood sets out to find it and both parties [find out] that someone has already arrived on the moon before them …

However , being an alien , her astonishing depths of knowledge in some spheres , coupled with incredible ignorance in others , would be the trigger to launch Ian and Barbara on their quest to discover the truth about her .
however , being an alien , her astonishing depths of knowledge in some spheres , coupled with incredible ignorance in others , would be the trigger to launch ian and barbara on their quest to [find out] the truth about her .

However , Barbara is first to discover it is all a façade .
however , barbara is first to [find out] it is all a façade .

Worried , the time-travellers venture out only to discover the ship has landed in a narrow , rocky gully strewn with rocks and boulders .
worried , the time-travellers venture out only to [find out] the ship has landed in a narrow , rocky gully strewn with rocks and boulders .

On the planet Mechanus the time-travellers discover a magnificent city on stilts populated by robots called Mechonoids , who hold prisoner a man from Earth named Steven Taylor .
on the planet mechanus the time-travellers [find out] a magnificent city on stilts populated by robots called mechonoids , who hold prisoner a man from earth named steven taylor .

They land on the volcanic planet of Tigus only to discover it is not the Daleks but their old foe from 1066 , the Time Meddling Monk .
they land on the volcanic planet of tigus only to [find out] it is not the daleks but their old foe from 1066 , the time meddling monk .

We were soon to discover that he specialises , not only in deft , on-the-spot sketches , but also in brief pungent descriptions with much use of cunning metaphor .
we were soon to [find out] that he specialises , not only in deft , on-the-spot sketches , but also in brief pungent descriptions with much use of cunning metaphor .

Thousands of wildfowl wing their way across northern seas to the Wash , follow the windings of the Rivers Welland and Nene — and discover this wonderful expanse of welcoming water .
thousands of wildfowl wing their way across northern seas to the wash , follow the windings of the rivers welland and nene — and [find out] this wonderful expanse of welcoming water .

What has to be done , then , to discover whether the advertisement is in line with the strategy , almost inevitably involves a form of cheating .
what has to be done , then , to [find out] whether the advertisement is in line with the strategy , almost inevitably involves a form of cheating .

The quest to discover if British POWs are still alive in Siberian camps .
the quest to [find out] if british pows are still alive in siberian camps .

She examined her conscience to discover if she was in any way to blame for her companion 's curious behaviour .
she examined her conscience to [find out] if she was in any way to blame for her companion 's curious behaviour .

The task of this example is not to play the game but to discover forced sequences of moves .
the task of this example is not to play the game but to [find out] forced sequences of moves .

In the process , we shall discover an instance of a phenomenon called
in the process , we shall [find out] an instance of a phenomenon called

The program will then calculate Vdb for CorrectNewPos , and discover that the opponent 's evaluation of it is more accurate than its original static value . If
the program will then calculate vdb for correctnewpos , and [find out] that the opponent 's evaluation of it is more accurate than its original static value . if

If given three or more parameters as input , it can hold all but two constant and discover a law relating these two ; then treat the constants ( c , k ) within this law as new parameters , and relate them to the other inputs .
if given three or more parameters as input , it can hold all but two constant and [find out] a law relating these two ; then treat the constants ( c , k ) within this law as new parameters , and relate them to the other inputs .

Usually , the purpose of clustering is to discover intensional descriptions , so that any new example not in the training set can be allocated to a cluster without doing the clustering all over again .
usually , the purpose of clustering is to [find out] intensional descriptions , so that any new example not in the training set can be allocated to a cluster without doing the clustering all over again .

Under this procedure the prisoner could discover what his tariff was as set by the judges , by simply adding three years to the date of the first reference to the local review committee .
under this procedure the prisoner could [find out] what his tariff was as set by the judges , by simply adding three years to the date of the first reference to the local review committee .

The father did not immediately discover that the mother had returned to Canada but he did so in December 1990 .
the father did not immediately [find out] that the mother had returned to canada but he did so in december 1990 .

In any case , there are almost certain to be many transactions which are difficult to discover or to understand merely from the books and papers of the company .
in any case , there are almost certain to be many transactions which are difficult to [find out] or to understand merely from the books and papers of the company .

So if the plaintiffs can , without obtaining the bank statements and other documents held by Mr. Tully prove that he has embezzled money from Abbey and make him bankrupt , the plaintiffs can then discover the bank statements and other information they now seek .
so if the plaintiffs can , without obtaining the bank statements and other documents held by mr. tully prove that he has embezzled money from abbey and make him bankrupt , the plaintiffs can then [find out] the bank statements and other information they now seek .

If you discover any live ammunition or any lethal object such as an unexploded bomb or mine , do not touch it .
if you [find out] any live ammunition or any lethal object such as an unexploded bomb or mine , do not touch it .

Anyone delving into the local archaeology and history of the West Kennet long barrow will quickly discover that it is one of the largest ever discovered and also one of the best-preserved Neolithic burial chambers in Britain .
anyone delving into the local archaeology and history of the west kennet long barrow will quickly [find out] that it is one of the largest ever discovered and also one of the best-preserved neolithic burial chambers in britain .

Life with your lover might look more appealing now but unless you discover what 's gone wrong between you and your husband , it 's likely that you 'll end up feeling just as discontented with another man .
life with your lover might look more appealing now but unless you [find out] what 's gone wrong between you and your husband , it 's likely that you 'll end up feeling just as discontented with another man .

But whatever you eventually discover about your sexuality , your love for your daughter demands that you deal with her father sensitively .
but whatever you eventually [find out] about your sexuality , your love for your daughter demands that you deal with her father sensitively .

Impelled to explore her feelings of rejection by her family , she re-invented her mother , dressing up as a war worker , preparing austerity food , attempting to discover her own sense of rage and impotence as the unwanted and unloved daughter .
impelled to explore her feelings of rejection by her family , she re-invented her mother , dressing up as a war worker , preparing austerity food , attempting to [find out] her own sense of rage and impotence as the unwanted and unloved daughter .

Not all the transactions were strictly honest , though , and sometimes customers got home to discover that they 'd bought a cat or a puppy , thus that expression and an expression bonus : ‘ letting the cat out of the bag ’ .
not all the transactions were strictly honest , though , and sometimes customers got home to [find out] that they 'd bought a cat or a puppy , thus that expression and an expression bonus : ‘ letting the cat out of the bag ’ .

Having a parasite is a very special , very intimate experience , as Bill Cater learned when he interviewed scientists and wildlife cameramen who had come back from exotic parts to discover that they 'd acquired various new things to share their lives with .
having a parasite is a very special , very intimate experience , as bill cater learned when he interviewed scientists and wildlife cameramen who had come back from exotic parts to [find out] that they 'd acquired various new things to share their lives with .

They discover otherwise to their cost and this discovery itself may be an important learning process .
they [find out] otherwise to their cost and this discovery itself may be an important learning process .

If we wish to store and manipulate normal form programs in computers it will be worthwhile investigating this and other topics to discover how they can be made more compact .
if we wish to store and manipulate normal form programs in computers it will be worthwhile investigating this and other topics to [find out] how they can be made more compact .

We started to do the old trick of counting the time between the lightning flash and the thunderclap to discover how far away the eye of the storm was .
we started to do the old trick of counting the time between the lightning flash and the thunderclap to [find out] how far away the eye of the storm was .

Often we are invited to take a broader view of the whole scene and to discover the Holy Spirit at work in Buddhism and communism , in humanism and atheism .
often we are invited to take a broader view of the whole scene and to [find out] the holy spirit at work in buddhism and communism , in humanism and atheism .

The sort of ghost everyone knows about is the sort who goes haunting because he 's trying to get a lifer to do something for him , like revenge his horrible murder , or discover the hidden treasure , or find a will that 's been lost .
the sort of ghost everyone knows about is the sort who goes haunting because he 's trying to get a lifer to do something for him , like revenge his horrible murder , or [find out] the hidden treasure , or find a will that 's been lost .

It is not everyday that we discover a new world .
it is not everyday that we [find out] a new world .

’ The grammarians sought to discover the nature of reality .
’ the grammarians sought to [find out] the nature of reality .

Newell and Simon wanted to know how our brains and minds function ; they wanted to discover the quintessence of intelligence .
newell and simon wanted to know how our brains and minds function ; they wanted to [find out] the quintessence of intelligence .

It is not surprising but always pleasant , to discover useful information about activities in one 's own country form a publication elsewhere on the planet .
it is not surprising but always pleasant , to [find out] useful information about activities in one 's own country form a publication elsewhere on the planet .

It is also not surprising to discover that Sanskrit could serve as a model for advanced computer language .
it is also not surprising to [find out] that sanskrit could serve as a model for advanced computer language .

`` Forensic science is n't just helping the police to discover who 's guilty .
`` forensic science is n't just helping the police to [find out] who 's guilty .

Moreover , the secrecy that bedevils British government is of such a kind that it is hard to discover the truth on matters of state power .
moreover , the secrecy that bedevils british government is of such a kind that it is hard to [find out] the truth on matters of state power .

There are many groups ( 4000 in Birmingham alone ) and it is difficult to boil all interests down to something called `` class `` ; on a number of issues ( and at certain levels of the state ) we can discover a pattern of competitive interest-group politics in which no one group appears to be overwhelmingly dominant ; and on occasions the state does simply referee the group struggle and is content to ratify the outcome of the balance of competing forces .
there are many groups ( 4000 in birmingham alone ) and it is difficult to boil all interests down to something called `` class `` ; on a number of issues ( and at certain levels of the state ) we can [find out] a pattern of competitive interest-group politics in which no one group appears to be overwhelmingly dominant ; and on occasions the state does simply referee the group struggle and is content to ratify the outcome of the balance of competing forces .

Middlemas recognises that `` the accepted version of the constitution … has become inadequate `` ; he asks `` is it possible to discover a hidden code which explains more fully the behaviour of political parties , other institutions and government ? ``
middlemas recognises that `` the accepted version of the constitution … has become inadequate `` ; he asks `` is it possible to [find out] a hidden code which explains more fully the behaviour of political parties , other institutions and government ? ``

Try to discover which city he 's in .
try to [find out] which city he 's in .

Using David Lodge as an example , we would say to visitors to our city , ‘ Whilst you are in Birmingham , discover Birmingham .
using david lodge as an example , we would say to visitors to our city , ‘ whilst you are in birmingham , [find out] birmingham .

We will discover whether there is a real commitment or whether it is simply words which they hope that the Scottish public will forget were ever uttered so that in the fullness of time they can shunt the companies off to the private sector to do with them as it will .
we will [find out] whether there is a real commitment or whether it is simply words which they hope that the scottish public will forget were ever uttered so that in the fullness of time they can shunt the companies off to the private sector to do with them as it will .

Realizing the importance of schemas and scripts is the first step , but that in itself gets us nowhere unless we push on to consider how a manager can discover what schemas actually exist and , if they are inappropriate , how to change them .
realizing the importance of schemas and scripts is the first step , but that in itself gets us nowhere unless we push on to consider how a manager can [find out] what schemas actually exist and , if they are inappropriate , how to change them .

But she did keep abreast of fashion eddies , for example by subscribing to the fashion trends and information service , Infovogue , and by reading as many magazines as she could discover .
but she did keep abreast of fashion eddies , for example by subscribing to the fashion trends and information service , infovogue , and by reading as many magazines as she could [find out] .

She was , for example , appalled to discover from reading a shop diary that one of her unmarried store assistants was visiting a family planning clinic .
she was , for example , appalled to [find out] from reading a shop diary that one of her unmarried store assistants was visiting a family planning clinic .

And on the second count , now that she 'd virtually made up her mind to visit the warehouse tonight , did she really want to discover the truth , after all … ?
and on the second count , now that she 'd virtually made up her mind to visit the warehouse tonight , did she really want to [find out] the truth , after all … ?

And though the visit could have given him an opportunity to kill his father , and then drive down the next day to discover the body , that was the one crime which every logical motive screamed against .
and though the visit could have given him an opportunity to kill his father , and then drive down the next day to [find out] the body , that was the one crime which every logical motive screamed against .

He was possessed with the desire to discover the very secret of life itself .
he was possessed with the desire to [find out] the very secret of life itself .

Further experiments have been carried out to discover what kinds of sounds a bird will learn to sing .
further experiments have been carried out to [find out] what kinds of sounds a bird will learn to sing .

It is possible to discover what factors are not needed for the normal development of a behaviour pattern by isolating young animals from hypothetically necessary factors .
it is possible to [find out] what factors are not needed for the normal development of a behaviour pattern by isolating young animals from hypothetically necessary factors .

At equilibrium , these are equal , and we merely have to solve the equation for p to discover it .
at equilibrium , these are equal , and we merely have to solve the equation for p to [find out] it .

He both hated it and loved it , and he became more and more afraid that someone would discover his secret .
he both hated it and loved it , and he became more and more afraid that someone would [find out] his secret .

All Léonie managed to discover from the postman 's hints was that the priest had had the bones taken away for a quick burial in the cemetery with as few people present as possible , and that people were still visiting the site of the apparitions , waiting to see whether Thérèse would go back .
all léonie managed to [find out] from the postman 's hints was that the priest had had the bones taken away for a quick burial in the cemetery with as few people present as possible , and that people were still visiting the site of the apparitions , waiting to see whether thérèse would go back .

She explored the Castle tirelessly — ‘ although you will never quite discover all of it , ’ said Raynor .
she explored the castle tirelessly — ‘ although you will never quite [find out] all of it , ’ said raynor .

Pluralist theories allow for greater scope for individuals , but they also have a far narrower conception of ‘ the political ’ in society These studies tend to focus almost exclusively on the constitutionally legitimised areas of political action to discover where power lies .
pluralist theories allow for greater scope for individuals , but they also have a far narrower conception of ‘ the political ’ in society these studies tend to focus almost exclusively on the constitutionally legitimised areas of political action to [find out] where power lies .

It may come as a greater surprise to discover that much humbler , less social insects than bees can also show features of learning and memory .
it may come as a greater surprise to [find out] that much humbler , less social insects than bees can also show features of learning and memory .

And yet , within the artificial world that the laboratory enables one to create , we can and must isolate the variables , and , if we are clever and lucky enough , we can discover how to fit them back into some meaningful real-life pattern .
and yet , within the artificial world that the laboratory enables one to create , we can and must isolate the variables , and , if we are clever and lucky enough , we can [find out] how to fit them back into some meaningful real-life pattern .

This was indeed a dramatic triumph for the reductionist strategy the group had pursued , and seemed set to vindicate Kandel 's claim that the goal of his research was to discover the ‘ cellular alphabet ’ of learning .
this was indeed a dramatic triumph for the reductionist strategy the group had pursued , and seemed set to vindicate kandel 's claim that the goal of his research was to [find out] the ‘ cellular alphabet ’ of learning .

Hence this type of learning could not be achieved by mere transient modulation of transmitter release ; new proteins were being made , and it was necessary to discover which they were and what their cellular functions were .
hence this type of learning could not be achieved by mere transient modulation of transmitter release ; new proteins were being made , and it was necessary to [find out] which they were and what their cellular functions were .

She developed in the chief inspector the emotional equivalent of a skin rash , and made her wish for nothing better than to discover Christine was the ‘ friend ’ her father had met on Hampstead Heath .
she developed in the chief inspector the emotional equivalent of a skin rash , and made her wish for nothing better than to [find out] christine was the ‘ friend ’ her father had met on hampstead heath .

All the time she prayed in desperation that the constables would discover something incriminating back in the flat : perhaps letters from Zbigniew or Tatyana Nowak , bloodstained gloves , she did not care .
all the time she prayed in desperation that the constables would [find out] something incriminating back in the flat : perhaps letters from zbigniew or tatyana nowak , bloodstained gloves , she did not care .

She had to discover evidence of Taczek 's confession to the murder of Mills that might survive Nowak 's death .
she had to [find out] evidence of taczek 's confession to the murder of mills that might survive nowak 's death .

Anne managed to discover that Kathleen O'Neill had been moved to a small hospital near St Helens in Lancashire and she travelled there to visit her on Sunday .
anne managed to [find out] that kathleen o'neill had been moved to a small hospital near st helens in lancashire and she travelled there to visit her on sunday .

It was probable that Bella would n't bother to come there , and only Johnny was likely to discover her .
it was probable that bella would n't bother to come there , and only johnny was likely to [find out] her .

Alexei was amused to discover that the Kha-Khan elect was not deceived .
alexei was amused to [find out] that the kha-khan elect was not deceived .

‘ It is only after you are married that you discover their true nature .
‘ it is only after you are married that you [find out] their true nature .

While violence on the field of play may generate tension and even trigger violence , one must probe a little deeper to discover the underlying social roots of the problem .
while violence on the field of play may generate tension and even trigger violence , one must probe a little deeper to [find out] the underlying social roots of the problem .

As we are about to discover , this evidence is more consistent with the next body of explanations to be considered in this section — those which emphasise the loss of working-class community as their key explanatory variable .
as we are about to [find out] , this evidence is more consistent with the next body of explanations to be considered in this section — those which emphasise the loss of working-class community as their key explanatory variable .

If we turn to Flaubert 's letters , we discover him , some days after the incident , writing to his mother about the sublime surprise of the discovery .
if we turn to flaubert 's letters , we [find out] him , some days after the incident , writing to his mother about the sublime surprise of the discovery .

We know more , we discover extra documents , we use infra-red light to pierce erasures in the correspondence , and we are free of contemporary prejudice ; so we understand better .
we know more , we [find out] extra documents , we use infra-red light to pierce erasures in the correspondence , and we are free of contemporary prejudice ; so we understand better .

competent enough vignettes of the witty , intelligent circles in which one might expect to discover Miss Iris Murdoch , and their end result was not far removed from the sum of of [ sic ] the parts of Miss Murdoch 's own elegant conundrums .
competent enough vignettes of the witty , intelligent circles in which one might expect to [find out] miss iris murdoch , and their end result was not far removed from the sum of of [ sic ] the parts of miss murdoch 's own elegant conundrums .

Julia is trying to discover who she is and what she is cut out to do .
julia is trying to [find out] who she is and what she is cut out to do .

Our desire to discover one is in the end all that is revealed .
our desire to [find out] one is in the end all that is revealed .

Analysis will not enable Larry to access the causes of the emotions and fears he ‘ reads ’ in the maps of people 's minds any more than physicists will be able to ‘ discover ’ the origin of the universe .
analysis will not enable larry to access the causes of the emotions and fears he ‘ reads ’ in the maps of people 's minds any more than physicists will be able to ‘ [find out] ’ the origin of the universe .

This ends abruptly when the two finally meet and discover that ‘ fornication by airmail ’ is more enjoyable than the real thing .
this ends abruptly when the two finally meet and [find out] that ‘ fornication by airmail ’ is more enjoyable than the real thing .

The seemingly ingenuous children discover that as a model of reality , narrative can have explanatory force to rival even the most powerful scientific theories , and indeed that narrative has many of the same characteristics as the concepts on which modern science is founded .
the seemingly ingenuous children [find out] that as a model of reality , narrative can have explanatory force to rival even the most powerful scientific theories , and indeed that narrative has many of the same characteristics as the concepts on which modern science is founded .

They discover that although the stone is capable of communicating on ‘ vocal ’ , its more natural medium is ‘ softalk ’ , or direct interface with their pocket computer .
they [find out] that although the stone is capable of communicating on ‘ vocal ’ , its more natural medium is ‘ softalk ’ , or direct interface with their pocket computer .

When they are finally allowed to return a year and a half later , they discover that Xorandor and seventeen of his children are under close surveillance in different parts of the world , but that he has ‘ programmed ’ them to escape and neutralize nuclear missiles .
when they are finally allowed to return a year and a half later , they [find out] that xorandor and seventeen of his children are under close surveillance in different parts of the world , but that he has ‘ programmed ’ them to escape and neutralize nuclear missiles .

They discover , however , that the logic of narrative is far less rigorous and relies far more on individual taste : ‘ … it seems harder to tell a story , even our own , than to make up the most complex program .
they [find out] , however , that the logic of narrative is far less rigorous and relies far more on individual taste : ‘ … it seems harder to tell a story , even our own , than to make up the most complex program .

Xorandor is capable of wordplay , he even puns on Shakespeare : ‘ softwarily we are observed ’ ( 179 ) , and he gives a reply to one of the twins ' questions that they later discover to have been ‘ syntactically clear but contextually ambiguous ’ ( 183–4 ) .
xorandor is capable of wordplay , he even puns on shakespeare : ‘ softwarily we are observed ’ ( 179 ) , and he gives a reply to one of the twins ' questions that they later [find out] to have been ‘ syntactically clear but contextually ambiguous ’ ( 183–4 ) .

In their encounter with Xorandor , Jip and Zab discover a race that is radically ‘ other ’ to their own conception of life , a race that , though voiceless , and apparently powerless , nevertheless surpasses humankind in cognitive capacity : ‘ … their life-purpose , their survival kit , seems to have depended on silence — not to each other but towards us , though they learnt from us and went beyond us ’ ( 192 ) .
in their encounter with xorandor , jip and zab [find out] a race that is radically ‘ other ’ to their own conception of life , a race that , though voiceless , and apparently powerless , nevertheless surpasses humankind in cognitive capacity : ‘ … their life-purpose , their survival kit , seems to have depended on silence — not to each other but towards us , though they learnt from us and went beyond us ’ ( 192 ) .

When the delegates from Western literature meet on the first day to pray for their existence , there is an attempted disruption of the ceremony by Muslim fundamentalists who claim to object to the Christian format of the proceedings , but , as we later discover , their real target is the elusive Gibreel Farishta whom they are trying to punish for his heretical views .
when the delegates from western literature meet on the first day to pray for their existence , there is an attempted disruption of the ceremony by muslim fundamentalists who claim to object to the christian format of the proceedings , but , as we later [find out] , their real target is the elusive gibreel farishta whom they are trying to punish for his heretical views .

They argue that every system of production tends to discover and use punishments corresponding to its productive relationships — a classical Marxist approach .
they argue that every system of production tends to [find out] and use punishments corresponding to its productive relationships — a classical marxist approach .

You will discover the estate agents on high streets , and you will also get a better idea of the facilities — shops , transport facilities , shops and so on .
you will [find out] the estate agents on high streets , and you will also get a better idea of the facilities — shops , transport facilities , shops and so on .

You might discover that the street is used as a short-cut by commuters .
you might [find out] that the street is used as a short-cut by commuters .

Do n't be tempted to use your car — it 's a false economy , as you will discover too late just how much you own , after countless journeys .
do n't be tempted to use your car — it 's a false economy , as you will [find out] too late just how much you own , after countless journeys .

Buyers might be surprised to discover the Lancelot is a five-bedroom , three-reception luxury home , priced at £185,000 and that Camelot is a small development of just four houses in Coggleshall , Essex — Galahad and Ivanhoe are the other house types .
buyers might be surprised to [find out] the lancelot is a five-bedroom , three-reception luxury home , priced at £185,000 and that camelot is a small development of just four houses in coggleshall , essex — galahad and ivanhoe are the other house types .

Only when the bottles leaked in a smelly , milky mess all over everything in her bag did she discover that the rings and sealing discs did not fit properly .
only when the bottles leaked in a smelly , milky mess all over everything in her bag did she [find out] that the rings and sealing discs did not fit properly .

He said that promoting debate would discover the best way of protecting businesses harmed by late payment .
he said that promoting debate would [find out] the best way of protecting businesses harmed by late payment .

It will be of immense help to people who need to discover who owns a particular property or piece of land and to solve any disputes that might occur over ownership .
it will be of immense help to people who need to [find out] who owns a particular property or piece of land and to solve any disputes that might occur over ownership .

Some of them , myself included , discover just how fragile the nature of the knee joint can be and how extra vulnerable today 's sophisticated equipment has made it .
some of them , myself included , [find out] just how fragile the nature of the knee joint can be and how extra vulnerable today 's sophisticated equipment has made it .

Fly-Drive Air Canada to Ontario and discover the unexpected for yourself .
fly-drive air canada to ontario and [find out] the unexpected for yourself .

From the stately architecture of historic St. Catharine 's to London 's chic boutiques , you 'll discover a lively blend of music , culture , food and nightlife in all our cities .
from the stately architecture of historic st. catharine 's to london 's chic boutiques , you 'll [find out] a lively blend of music , culture , food and nightlife in all our cities .

There 's plenty for you to discover .
there 's plenty for you to [find out] .

Fly Air Canada to Toronto and you 'll discover an airline that really is a breath of fresh air .
fly air canada to toronto and you 'll [find out] an airline that really is a breath of fresh air .

He wanted to discover a new sea route from Europe to China by sailing west instead of east .
he wanted to [find out] a new sea route from europe to china by sailing west instead of east .

He wrote bitterly , ‘ they all made fun of my plan then ; now even tailors wish to discover .
he wrote bitterly , ‘ they all made fun of my plan then ; now even tailors wish to [find out] .

You may discover things you have never noticed before .
you may [find out] things you have never noticed before .

Discover Retsina .
[find out] retsina .

Careful research was set in train to discover the best way to restore gardens and historic landscape parks to their former glory .
careful research was set in train to [find out] the best way to restore gardens and historic landscape parks to their former glory .

And when you discover a technique that works for you , you will have an effective weapon against stress .
and when you [find out] a technique that works for you , you will have an effective weapon against stress .

The task of the little girl is to find new variations and discover individuality , secure in the broader structure of the dance .
the task of the little girl is to find new variations and [find out] individuality , secure in the broader structure of the dance .

Discover more about the world around us at a fun day out for all the family
[find out] more about the world around us at a fun day out for all the family

Cookery writers , like parrot fish , come in many hues ; in their shoal you can discover a miscellany of dietitians , bacteriologists , vegans , conservationists , ethnicists , internationalists , pure foodists , even ruralists , but rarely do you find thespians .
cookery writers , like parrot fish , come in many hues ; in their shoal you can [find out] a miscellany of dietitians , bacteriologists , vegans , conservationists , ethnicists , internationalists , pure foodists , even ruralists , but rarely do you find thespians .

You will soon discover that ancient routes deviated widely from their central lines in hilly districts .
you will soon [find out] that ancient routes deviated widely from their central lines in hilly districts .

19 Discover the countryside around Kettlewell in the Yorkshire Dales .
19 [find out] the countryside around kettlewell in the yorkshire dales .

29 Discover the landscape and archaeology of Conistone in Yorkshire .
29 [find out] the landscape and archaeology of conistone in yorkshire .

Just outside Dorchester near Higher Bockhampton you can go on great walking or mountain biking trails and discover the cottage where Hardy lived .
just outside dorchester near higher bockhampton you can go on great walking or mountain biking trails and [find out] the cottage where hardy lived .

She leaves all kinds of gifts beneath the Christmas tree and manages to leave the room just before the children burst in to discover their presents .
she leaves all kinds of gifts beneath the christmas tree and manages to leave the room just before the children burst in to [find out] their presents .

Grooms came at once , and briskly , to take the bridles , and a spruce page came bounding down the steps from the hall door to greet the newcomers and discover their business here , but he was waved away by an older steward who had emerged from the stables .
grooms came at once , and briskly , to take the bridles , and a spruce page came bounding down the steps from the hall door to greet the newcomers and [find out] their business here , but he was waved away by an older steward who had emerged from the stables .

‘ Whatever club or staff was used on him is surely gone with the man who used it , but if the poor wretch 's corpse can tell us anything , let us discover it before we move him .
‘ whatever club or staff was used on him is surely gone with the man who used it , but if the poor wretch 's corpse can tell us anything , let us [find out] it before we move him .

Edward , practised in self-deception , forgot about the guests until Sunday morning and was therefore surprised to discover Helen , at ten-thirty , wearing unexpected clothes and straightening cushions in the sitting room .
edward , practised in self-deception , forgot about the guests until sunday morning and was therefore surprised to [find out] helen , at ten-thirty , wearing unexpected clothes and straightening cushions in the sitting room .

In a few hours of concentrated assault he could destroy months of determined surreptitious growth ; but then he would discover some other , overlooked area where things had been going to the dogs unheeded and some valiantly struggling patch of wood anemone or bluebells had been choked to the last gasp .
in a few hours of concentrated assault he could destroy months of determined surreptitious growth ; but then he would [find out] some other , overlooked area where things had been going to the dogs unheeded and some valiantly struggling patch of wood anemone or bluebells had been choked to the last gasp .

Some products and places provide a few exceptions to this pattern , as we shall discover in the next chapter , and there were considerable , if patchy and delayed , efforts towards ‘ re-industrialization ’ ( Chapter 10 ) , which created the estimated increase of manufacturing employment across all regions of the North from 1987 to 1989 , averaging 1.4 per cent , probably arrested by 1990 .
some products and places provide a few exceptions to this pattern , as we shall [find out] in the next chapter , and there were considerable , if patchy and delayed , efforts towards ‘ re-industrialization ’ ( chapter 10 ) , which created the estimated increase of manufacturing employment across all regions of the north from 1987 to 1989 , averaging 1.4 per cent , probably arrested by 1990 .

In her writings and lectures Blackwell demonstrated a firm belief in the intimate connection between physical and moral health , addressing women on domestic hygiene and on the relation between health and religion.24 Her book The Human Element in Sex , 1884 was adamant that medicine could not become an end in itself but needed to discover the workings of moral law .
in her writings and lectures blackwell demonstrated a firm belief in the intimate connection between physical and moral health , addressing women on domestic hygiene and on the relation between health and religion.24 her book the human element in sex , 1884 was adamant that medicine could not become an end in itself but needed to [find out] the workings of moral law .

But they were alarmed to discover that sanitarians had been displaced by a new force in sexual politics : the militant voice of articulate middle-class women who pointed to men as the root cause of immorality .
but they were alarmed to [find out] that sanitarians had been displaced by a new force in sexual politics : the militant voice of articulate middle-class women who pointed to men as the root cause of immorality .

The alternative put forward by new moralists celebrated the power and joy women could discover within active heterosexuality .
the alternative put forward by new moralists celebrated the power and joy women could [find out] within active heterosexuality .

The purpose of this section was to discover as much as possible about trends in staffing and recruitment , the internal policies of institutions on Language in Education , and a little about the attitudes of tutors in this area towards their field .
the purpose of this section was to [find out] as much as possible about trends in staffing and recruitment , the internal policies of institutions on language in education , and a little about the attitudes of tutors in this area towards their field .

The major contribution to the promotion of community languages which these courses have made has been to discover significant numbers of good classroom practitioners , good analysts , good coordinators and good teacher trainers , so as to build up a genuine national resource in terms of expertise .
the major contribution to the promotion of community languages which these courses have made has been to [find out] significant numbers of good classroom practitioners , good analysts , good coordinators and good teacher trainers , so as to build up a genuine national resource in terms of expertise .

We were to discover what opportunities there were , and use them as fully as we could .
we were to [find out] what opportunities there were , and use them as fully as we could .

They begin to discover a rationale for selecting and using information books , and they select a number of these to support children 's development of a ‘ topic ’ theme .
they begin to [find out] a rationale for selecting and using information books , and they select a number of these to support children 's development of a ‘ topic ’ theme .

‘ By now , both the Americans and the Russians will be trying to discover who the Lucy Ghosts are , ’ Billie took over .
‘ by now , both the americans and the russians will be trying to [find out] who the lucy ghosts are , ’ billie took over .

Later in the night she would discover the scars , the knife wound across his shoulder-blades where he 'd been slashed in a Belfast bar , and the bullet wound above his right knee that had never healed properly , a legacy from when he was on border patrol and one of his own men had panicked and opened fire on him .
later in the night she would [find out] the scars , the knife wound across his shoulder-blades where he 'd been slashed in a belfast bar , and the bullet wound above his right knee that had never healed properly , a legacy from when he was on border patrol and one of his own men had panicked and opened fire on him .

‘ Did he discover anything ? ’
‘ did he [find out] anything ? ’

By stressing the changing supply of chemical nutrients he and his followers were led to discover the plankton ‘ bloom ’ that occurs in the seas every spring .
by stressing the changing supply of chemical nutrients he and his followers were led to [find out] the plankton ‘ bloom ’ that occurs in the seas every spring .

‘ And if we discover nothing ? ’ Gesell asked , looking directly at DeVore .
‘ and if we [find out] nothing ? ’ gesell asked , looking directly at devore .

They had brought tales with them from England of witchcraft and the King 's concern ; an Essex man who had come with the Hopewell on the return voyage recalled how when he was a child , a pricker was calling on all the households of the nearby villages to discover the sources of a murrain on the flocks . His family had feared that they too would be discovered to harbour
they had brought tales with them from england of witchcraft and the king 's concern ; an essex man who had come with the hopewell on the return voyage recalled how when he was a child , a pricker was calling on all the households of the nearby villages to [find out] the sources of a murrain on the flocks . his family had feared that they too would be discovered to harbour

In other parts of the Americas , settlers had been done away with , by what means nobody later could discover , for new arrivals would find the incomers ' stockade deserted , with not a sign of struggle .
in other parts of the americas , settlers had been done away with , by what means nobody later could [find out] , for new arrivals would find the incomers ' stockade deserted , with not a sign of struggle .

Meursault : We 're living in an arsehole culture [ une civilisation de cul ] . Shit rules it , and what else is shit but money ? Money is politics — you try and make a film like this and you 'll discover that — and money is shit — so where does that leave politics ?
meursault : we 're living in an arsehole culture [ une civilisation de cul ] . shit rules it , and what else is shit but money ? money is politics — you try and make a film like this and you 'll [find out] that — and money is shit — so where does that leave politics ?

It is often said that you can discover a great deal about a person 's character by the books on their shelves .
it is often said that you can [find out] a great deal about a person 's character by the books on their shelves .

The key to almost all the page makeup software problems is to discover whether the program supports a page description language .
the key to almost all the page makeup software problems is to [find out] whether the program supports a page description language .

After some three months have passed it is often wise to conduct a full review of the new systems and to discover how far they have progressed .
after some three months have passed it is often wise to conduct a full review of the new systems and to [find out] how far they have progressed .

It may come as something of a shock to discover that up to 10 % of your company 's turnover is actually being diverted to running a second business .
it may come as something of a shock to [find out] that up to 10 % of your company 's turnover is actually being diverted to running a second business .

There was a rational explanation for all this and , when Carol arrived , he 'd discover what it was .
there was a rational explanation for all this and , when carol arrived , he 'd [find out] what it was .

He had returned to discover that — like his brother before him Ken had given up being a teacher .
he had returned to [find out] that — like his brother before him ken had given up being a teacher .

None of us had ever been able to discover whether it was a deliberate effect , or the result of pure chance .
none of us had ever been able to [find out] whether it was a deliberate effect , or the result of pure chance .

His first post , teaching English in Galashiels , enabled him to begin geological work in the Southern Uplands and to discover fossils in rocks thought barren .
his first post , teaching english in galashiels , enabled him to begin geological work in the southern uplands and to [find out] fossils in rocks thought barren .

She was surprised to discover in April 1742 that her ballad ‘ The Lass of the Hill ’ had been published in London .
she was surprised to [find out] in april 1742 that her ballad ‘ the lass of the hill ’ had been published in london .

In 1916 he was co-opted on to the trench fever committee of the War Office , and attempted to discover the causal organism of the fever .
in 1916 he was co-opted on to the trench fever committee of the war office , and attempted to [find out] the causal organism of the fever .

He was the first gold medal winner ( 1902 ) of the Institution of Mining and Metallurgy , his obituary in Nature noting : ‘ It is given to few men to discover a process which has had such a far-reaching effect in almost every branch of civilised life .
he was the first gold medal winner ( 1902 ) of the institution of mining and metallurgy , his obituary in nature noting : ‘ it is given to few men to [find out] a process which has had such a far-reaching effect in almost every branch of civilised life .

Unable to imagine anyone travelling for pleasure , or out of curiosity , they assumed that the king of England must have sent her to discover and redress their grievances .
unable to imagine anyone travelling for pleasure , or out of curiosity , they assumed that the king of england must have sent her to [find out] and redress their grievances .

But his great ambition was to discover the remains of the famous Temple of Artemis ( or Diana ) at Ephesus , south of Smyrna , which had completely disappeared from sight in the middle ages .
but his great ambition was to [find out] the remains of the famous temple of artemis ( or diana ) at ephesus , south of smyrna , which had completely disappeared from sight in the middle ages .

The British Museum agreed to get him a permit and to give him a grant , in return for any antiquities he might discover .
the british museum agreed to get him a permit and to give him a grant , in return for any antiquities he might [find out] .

As the inventor of the ‘ Nicol prism ’ , his name will continue to be remembered well beyond the world of optical physics , but details of his early life are hard to discover .
as the inventor of the ‘ nicol prism ’ , his name will continue to be remembered well beyond the world of optical physics , but details of his early life are hard to [find out] .

In 1834 Little went to study with Johannes Müller at the University of Berlin in order to discover what could be done to correct his deformity , which English surgeons refused to treat , leaving it to the bone-setters .
in 1834 little went to study with johannes müller at the university of berlin in order to [find out] what could be done to correct his deformity , which english surgeons refused to treat , leaving it to the bone-setters .

He was probably one of the first to discover the principle of electrotyping by depositing copper electrolytically on to an engraved copper plate , but , as with many of his other inventions and discoveries , he failed to take out a patent and most of the benefits were reaped by others .
he was probably one of the first to [find out] the principle of electrotyping by depositing copper electrolytically on to an engraved copper plate , but , as with many of his other inventions and discoveries , he failed to take out a patent and most of the benefits were reaped by others .

And if , in a woman-centred , woman-positive , pro-woman environment , women discover their affiliation and affection for other women , which raises critical questions about friendship and solidarity and love , and why we spend so much time and emotional energy on relationships with men which cause us so much pain .
and if , in a woman-centred , woman-positive , pro-woman environment , women [find out] their affiliation and affection for other women , which raises critical questions about friendship and solidarity and love , and why we spend so much time and emotional energy on relationships with men which cause us so much pain .

It has never been doubted that if directors discover that the accounts that they have presented are defective they can , and should , correct them .
it has never been doubted that if directors [find out] that the accounts that they have presented are defective they can , and should , correct them .

She opened her bag and sifted the contents , trying to discover whether it had been searched .
she opened her bag and sifted the contents , trying to [find out] whether it had been searched .

Once he knew you 'd found out about the paintings , he might have thought you 'd go on to discover the truth about the murder .
once he knew you 'd found out about the paintings , he might have thought you 'd go on to [find out] the truth about the murder .

Such a statement tells you nothing about the meaning of the word — to discover the meaning you have to transmit code 538 to the semantic system .
such a statement tells you nothing about the meaning of the word — to [find out] the meaning you have to transmit code 538 to the semantic system .

However , it is possible to discover something about the relationship between clause structure and the processing of written language by using a subject-paced reading task .
however , it is possible to [find out] something about the relationship between clause structure and the processing of written language by using a subject-paced reading task .

However , when you move away from the narrowly defined business sector there is a more significant problem : which organizations or groups of organizations are you theorizing about ? If you discover the users ( and their needs ) of the accounting reports of a local government , does the resulting theory apply to a central government ? Does it indeed apply to a local government in a different country , where the body itself may be of a completely different kind ? Does it apply to a public utility which may or may not appear to be similar to a local government ?
however , when you move away from the narrowly defined business sector there is a more significant problem : which organizations or groups of organizations are you theorizing about ? if you [find out] the users ( and their needs ) of the accounting reports of a local government , does the resulting theory apply to a central government ? does it indeed apply to a local government in a different country , where the body itself may be of a completely different kind ? does it apply to a public utility which may or may not appear to be similar to a local government ?

Nevertheless it can come as a shock to a trained accountant to discover that 21 billion of net expenditure is accounted for in this way : no assets ; no liabilities , just an excess of payments over receipts of 20 ; 8 billion compared with a budgeted excess of 20.6 billion .
nevertheless it can come as a shock to a trained accountant to [find out] that 21 billion of net expenditure is accounted for in this way : no assets ; no liabilities , just an excess of payments over receipts of 20 ; 8 billion compared with a budgeted excess of 20.6 billion .

As time goes on , if the horse stance is repeated daily , you will discover that the position can be held for longer and longer as your legs become stronger .
as time goes on , if the horse stance is repeated daily , you will [find out] that the position can be held for longer and longer as your legs become stronger .

Students who discover that free fighting is their forte usually become competition-orientated .
students who [find out] that free fighting is their forte usually become competition-orientated .

The ceiling had the creamy colour of a pub and everything in the place smelled ; it was always a simple matter to discover which files had passed through James 's hands , just by sniffing them .
the ceiling had the creamy colour of a pub and everything in the place smelled ; it was always a simple matter to [find out] which files had passed through james 's hands , just by sniffing them .

The problem curiously resembles the formation of patterned ground in periglacial conditions ( Chapter 15 ) : the reasons for the initiation are difficult to discover , the reasons for the maintenance of the pattern are reasonably clear .
the problem curiously resembles the formation of patterned ground in periglacial conditions ( chapter 15 ) : the reasons for the initiation are difficult to [find out] , the reasons for the maintenance of the pattern are reasonably clear .

’ While admitting the enormous truth of this statement , one could at the same time say that the number of song writers who never discover themselves is also enormous .
’ while admitting the enormous truth of this statement , one could at the same time say that the number of song writers who never [find out] themselves is also enormous .

Writing for the solo voice is such a daunting prospect that many composers never try it , and thus never discover their real potentialities .
writing for the solo voice is such a daunting prospect that many composers never try it , and thus never [find out] their real potentialities .

So what follows is an extreme simplification of many complex matters , given as an introduction to a system which the student has largely to discover for himself .
so what follows is an extreme simplification of many complex matters , given as an introduction to a system which the student has largely to [find out] for himself .

As this 12-note harmony can not be discussed through the rules of conventional harmony , we have to discover our own methods .
as this 12-note harmony can not be discussed through the rules of conventional harmony , we have to [find out] our own methods .

It is up to each of us to discover our own preferred means of expression , and this is best done by seeing the work of others .
it is up to each of us to [find out] our own preferred means of expression , and this is best done by seeing the work of others .

It is unnecessary to go too far back in history to discover the origins of some of the voluntary schemes for the provision of legal advice which now exist .
it is unnecessary to go too far back in history to [find out] the origins of some of the voluntary schemes for the provision of legal advice which now exist .

Overall , it may be difficult to discover whether there is enough evidence to pursue a claim .
overall , it may be difficult to [find out] whether there is enough evidence to pursue a claim .

For a moment she was worried that if he recognized her he might discover her story .
for a moment she was worried that if he recognized her he might [find out] her story .

She was embarrassed to discover her excitement at his nearness .
she was embarrassed to [find out] her excitement at his nearness .

Moreover , they misunderstand the nature of the task upon which the judge has been compelled to engage himself , which is to discover , using the tools with which the law has furnished him — the accepted presumptions and canons of construction — not some speculative but unexpressed ‘ intention of Parliament ’ but the ambit of the written rules that Parliament has imposed for the regulation of the subject 's conduct and his rights and duties under the law .
moreover , they misunderstand the nature of the task upon which the judge has been compelled to engage himself , which is to [find out] , using the tools with which the law has furnished him — the accepted presumptions and canons of construction — not some speculative but unexpressed ‘ intention of parliament ’ but the ambit of the written rules that parliament has imposed for the regulation of the subject 's conduct and his rights and duties under the law .

Three privileged siblings who discover they all have different fathers — and none is the man their mother is married to .
three privileged siblings who [find out] they all have different fathers — and none is the man their mother is married to .

She digressed , running through in her mind the bag 's contents to discover what could have interested him .
she digressed , running through in her mind the bag 's contents to [find out] what could have interested him .

Still , it appeared her advent had summoned a little luck into his life , for suddenly they began to discover plentiful growths of grass potatoes , forest leeks and turtle-berries , a welcome change from the stringy little rabbits and bitter roots they had eaten until then .
still , it appeared her advent had summoned a little luck into his life , for suddenly they began to [find out] plentiful growths of grass potatoes , forest leeks and turtle-berries , a welcome change from the stringy little rabbits and bitter roots they had eaten until then .

It was a pleasure to discover that it had escaped the sort of wholesale restoration so commonly carried out in the earlier part of this century .
it was a pleasure to [find out] that it had escaped the sort of wholesale restoration so commonly carried out in the earlier part of this century .

‘ We shall treat this as a suspicious death ; there will be an autopsy and , of course , an investigation to discover the source of the poison and how it got into the brandy . ’
‘ we shall treat this as a suspicious death ; there will be an autopsy and , of course , an investigation to [find out] the source of the poison and how it got into the brandy . ’

‘ When did Mr Riddle discover the fraud ? ’
‘ when did mr riddle [find out] the fraud ? ’

But from those earliest days , she had n't believed in the Church at all ; not one scrap , not one iota , and this was why she 'd been so surprised to discover herself in such a place only the previous morning .
but from those earliest days , she had n't believed in the church at all ; not one scrap , not one iota , and this was why she 'd been so surprised to [find out] herself in such a place only the previous morning .

This significant discover is being further evaluated during 1992 and 1993 , by an extended well test of Tempa Rossa 2 which is currently underway , a new seismic survey and by further drilling including a re-entry and deepening of the original discovery well in the Laurenzana permit .
this significant [find out] is being further evaluated during 1992 and 1993 , by an extended well test of tempa rossa 2 which is currently underway , a new seismic survey and by further drilling including a re-entry and deepening of the original discovery well in the laurenzana permit .

Giving it would deprive the delivery driver of the opportunity to discover for himself some of the delightful scenery on his patch .
giving it would deprive the delivery driver of the opportunity to [find out] for himself some of the delightful scenery on his patch .

So it comes as a surprise to discover that there is one section of the department which does have regular problems of robbery and criminal damage — our Parking Section .
so it comes as a surprise to [find out] that there is one section of the department which does have regular problems of robbery and criminal damage — our parking section .

He described how it felt to discover he was an illegitimate child , when his mother called him a bastard ; how he left home at 14 to find work in the Durham coalfields — hating his parents , hating the world , ripe for enlistment in the class struggle .
he described how it felt to [find out] he was an illegitimate child , when his mother called him a bastard ; how he left home at 14 to find work in the durham coalfields — hating his parents , hating the world , ripe for enlistment in the class struggle .

All of these methods of teaching are based on the understanding that , in addition to being given information , young people need the opportunity to discover it for themselves .
all of these methods of teaching are based on the understanding that , in addition to being given information , young people need the opportunity to [find out] it for themselves .

In order to construct an integrated theory of linguistic competence , it is essential to discover the logical ordering of components or levels .
in order to construct an integrated theory of linguistic competence , it is essential to [find out] the logical ordering of components or levels .

The tenant may then discover that an unforeseen delay for which it is not responsible results in revocation of the agreement and if clause 5.5.3 remains unamended the tenant will receive no compensation for works carried out prior to such termination .
the tenant may then [find out] that an unforeseen delay for which it is not responsible results in revocation of the agreement and if clause 5.5.3 remains unamended the tenant will receive no compensation for works carried out prior to such termination .

Bring to your client 's attention any errors , uncertainties or omissions , which you may discover , with any suggested amendments .
bring to your client 's attention any errors , uncertainties or omissions , which you may [find out] , with any suggested amendments .

And who is concerned to discover what may be those interests , which , by registration , are deemed to be notified to the world ?
and who is concerned to [find out] what may be those interests , which , by registration , are deemed to be notified to the world ?

It may be , following the Directive ( art 7 ( e ) ) , that the test is whether the knowledge existed to discover the defect and not merely that the standard tests and procedures were undertaken by the drug company concerned .
it may be , following the directive ( art 7 ( e ) ) , that the test is whether the knowledge existed to [find out] the defect and not merely that the standard tests and procedures were undertaken by the drug company concerned .

If you discover that one of your key witnesses is going to give completely different evidence in the witness box , you must see them and find out why .
if you [find out] that one of your key witnesses is going to give completely different evidence in the witness box , you must see them and find out why .

The plaintiff may want , even more than damages , to discover the identity of the source .
the plaintiff may want , even more than damages , to [find out] the identity of the source .

Despite his apparent desire , matching the sudden irrational flaring of her own treacherous libido , he still suspected her of having designs on the family fortune , and she would n't be at all surprised to discover that his attempt to kiss her just now had been a sort of test .
despite his apparent desire , matching the sudden irrational flaring of her own treacherous libido , he still suspected her of having designs on the family fortune , and she would n't be at all surprised to [find out] that his attempt to kiss her just now had been a sort of test .

If she opened it and stepped over the threshold — No ; she feared to discover what lay beyond .
if she opened it and stepped over the threshold — no ; she feared to [find out] what lay beyond .

So they would immediately have turned to the second , legislative stage : they would have tried to discover which decision was more sensible or just or democratic or would otherwise better serve the community .
so they would immediately have turned to the second , legislative stage : they would have tried to [find out] which decision was more sensible or just or democratic or would otherwise better serve the community .

But consistency in strategy would not require a judge to probe the past to discover the `` best `` interpretation of a statute or the Constitution when this is controversial or the `` correct `` account of a past judicial decision when lawyers disagree how it should be read .
but consistency in strategy would not require a judge to probe the past to [find out] the `` best `` interpretation of a statute or the constitution when this is controversial or the `` correct `` account of a past judicial decision when lawyers disagree how it should be read .

Then the judge must do his best for the community as a whole , frankly and honestly , not pretending to `` discover `` some law beneath the surface of statutes or precedents that only he can see .
then the judge must do his best for the community as a whole , frankly and honestly , not pretending to `` [find out] `` some law beneath the surface of statutes or precedents that only he can see .

We believe that no one should be found guilty of a crime unless the statute or other piece of legislation establishing that crime is so clear that he must have known his act was criminal , or would have known if he had made any serious attempt to discover whether it was .
we believe that no one should be found guilty of a crime unless the statute or other piece of legislation establishing that crime is so clear that he must have known his act was criminal , or would have known if he had made any serious attempt to [find out] whether it was .

Emerging from the shower ten minutes later , skin glowing and towelling her damp hair , she was galled to discover that she was no longer tired and , worse , that her stomach was actually rumbling with hunger .
emerging from the shower ten minutes later , skin glowing and towelling her damp hair , she was galled to [find out] that she was no longer tired and , worse , that her stomach was actually rumbling with hunger .

She had been surprised , in fact , to discover just how many other vessels there were out there , and would have liked to stay longer , but duty called .
she had been surprised , in fact , to [find out] just how many other vessels there were out there , and would have liked to stay longer , but duty called .

It was almost a relief to discover that even in the short time she had been on board ship she was already beginning to acquire a golden tan .
it was almost a relief to [find out] that even in the short time she had been on board ship she was already beginning to acquire a golden tan .

Resuming their walk , she was surprised to discover that there was no sand .
resuming their walk , she was surprised to [find out] that there was no sand .

It came as a shock to discover , when she stepped outside , that it was dark .
it came as a shock to [find out] , when she stepped outside , that it was dark .

It was most unsettling to discover that that was not the case .
it was most unsettling to [find out] that that was not the case .

She found herself wondering , curiously , what she would discover next .
she found herself wondering , curiously , what she would [find out] next .

Ronni nodded , glad to discover that Jeff had n't sold out .
ronni nodded , glad to [find out] that jeff had n't sold out .

It felt magical , untouched , a paradise to discover .
it felt magical , untouched , a paradise to [find out] .

The reasons for introducing terminology are that it will provide the reader a ) with confidence in using the microcomputer ; b ) with the knowledge to discuss the various uses of the microcomputer with colleagues ; c ) a basic knowledge of the microcomputer from which the reader can go on to discover other , more intricate aspects of the microcomputer .
the reasons for introducing terminology are that it will provide the reader a ) with confidence in using the microcomputer ; b ) with the knowledge to discuss the various uses of the microcomputer with colleagues ; c ) a basic knowledge of the microcomputer from which the reader can go on to [find out] other , more intricate aspects of the microcomputer .

and run a pilot scheme to discover whether or not it was a viable proposition .
and run a pilot scheme to [find out] whether or not it was a viable proposition .

The educational project within Club 403 aimed to investigate what education could offer a residential view data service and to discover what use might be made of Prestel in schools and colleges .
the educational project within club 403 aimed to investigate what education could offer a residential view data service and to [find out] what use might be made of prestel in schools and colleges .

Whatever the nature of the program , the teacher and the pupils have the opportunity to investigate and discover together whether through discussion and argument , using drill and practice program through simulations , modelling or database programs .
whatever the nature of the program , the teacher and the pupils have the opportunity to investigate and [find out] together whether through discussion and argument , using drill and practice program through simulations , modelling or database programs .

If she did discover that he was involved in some shady dealing , then could she honestly trust herself to stick to her principles ?
if she did [find out] that he was involved in some shady dealing , then could she honestly trust herself to stick to her principles ?

‘ Well , if you discover what then please tell me .
‘ well , if you [find out] what then please tell me .

And , on a quick trip down to Devon , it had been a considerable shock to discover the full extent of the problem .
and , on a quick trip down to devon , it had been a considerable shock to [find out] the full extent of the problem .

‘ You may be right , ’ he agreed with a calm , maddening smile . ‘ However , it was interesting to discover that the sales department contained a high proportion of those born under the sign of Aries and Gemini ; that the accounts department seemed to be mainly staffed by Virgos and Capricorns — all very careful with their own money , as well as the company 's ! ’
‘ you may be right , ’ he agreed with a calm , maddening smile . ‘ however , it was interesting to [find out] that the sales department contained a high proportion of those born under the sign of aries and gemini ; that the accounts department seemed to be mainly staffed by virgos and capricorns — all very careful with their own money , as well as the company 's ! ’

But , on getting her act together later the next day , Laura had been appalled to discover that not only had Ross already left for Australia — but she 'd been given a small attic room next to the children 's nursery .
but , on getting her act together later the next day , laura had been appalled to [find out] that not only had ross already left for australia — but she 'd been given a small attic room next to the children 's nursery .

It was a great relief when she arrived at Lomond View to discover that the only person there was Inge , looking rosy-cheeked and happy after her few days ' holiday .
it was a great relief when she arrived at lomond view to [find out] that the only person there was inge , looking rosy-cheeked and happy after her few days ' holiday .

He was always surprised to discover that other people did n't feel this way about him .
he was always surprised to [find out] that other people did n't feel this way about him .

It had come as quite a surprise to discover he was charming , very generous , and enormous fun to be with .
it had come as quite a surprise to [find out] he was charming , very generous , and enormous fun to be with .

Therefore , he must hold in his anger , which seems to eat away at his insides , leading ultimately to feelings of helplessness and self-reproach … It usually comes as a surprise to discover how angry the patient is , because superficially and consciously he blames no one but himself .
therefore , he must hold in his anger , which seems to eat away at his insides , leading ultimately to feelings of helplessness and self-reproach … it usually comes as a surprise to [find out] how angry the patient is , because superficially and consciously he blames no one but himself .

There are also many potential avenues for prevention through the vulnerability factors , and it would seem important to discover whether in practice vulnerability can be modified through preventive programmes .
there are also many potential avenues for prevention through the vulnerability factors , and it would seem important to [find out] whether in practice vulnerability can be modified through preventive programmes .

Although a wide range of mutual aid groups are now available , involving reciprocal aid among people who have in common one particular type of life stress , members typically only discover or are discovered by the organisation some considerable time after the event ( Richardson and Goodman , 1983 ) .
although a wide range of mutual aid groups are now available , involving reciprocal aid among people who have in common one particular type of life stress , members typically only [find out] or are discovered by the organisation some considerable time after the event ( richardson and goodman , 1983 ) .

Various experiments have been carried out to discover the more detailed dynamics of these processes .
various experiments have been carried out to [find out] the more detailed dynamics of these processes .

In either case the aim is to discover what processes and phenomena result from the physical laws governing the dynamics and expressed by the equations .
in either case the aim is to [find out] what processes and phenomena result from the physical laws governing the dynamics and expressed by the equations .

With more nitrogen , less condensed tannin and less enzyme inhibition in the young leaves of Shorea compared with Eugenia , it is not surprising to discover that they suffered more damage .
with more nitrogen , less condensed tannin and less enzyme inhibition in the young leaves of shorea compared with eugenia , it is not surprising to [find out] that they suffered more damage .

But , in fact , we do not have far to look to discover some characteristics of the mensural system still occurring in later French music , in works by Du Mont , Charpentier , Lalande , Couperin and later composers .
but , in fact , we do not have far to look to [find out] some characteristics of the mensural system still occurring in later french music , in works by du mont , charpentier , lalande , couperin and later composers .

Most writers of whatever kind know what it is to write and to discover in the process that someone else seems to be standing by .
most writers of whatever kind know what it is to write and to [find out] in the process that someone else seems to be standing by .

And , quite apart from demonstrating maturity by dismissing the incident and behaving normally , if she could manage to be polite to this man there was just a chance she might discover some clues to his plans for her family 's business .
and , quite apart from demonstrating maturity by dismissing the incident and behaving normally , if she could manage to be polite to this man there was just a chance she might [find out] some clues to his plans for her family 's business .

Luce awoke to discover a new day had dawned and was throwing streamers of sunlight , like bright yellow ribbons , across the dark polished floorboards .
luce awoke to [find out] a new day had dawned and was throwing streamers of sunlight , like bright yellow ribbons , across the dark polished floorboards .

‘ My clever girl ! ’ he was saying exultantly . ‘ Having found the panel , how did you discover the trick to opening it ? ’
‘ my clever girl ! ’ he was saying exultantly . ‘ having found the panel , how did you [find out] the trick to opening it ? ’

Though when the meal was ended and they went outside it was to discover that it had begun to drizzle .
though when the meal was ended and they went outside it was to [find out] that it had begun to drizzle .

But when , having returned to her room , she presented herself , trouser-and shirt-clad and with her long shining hair neatly groomed , it was to discover that Room Service had paid them a visit .
but when , having returned to her room , she presented herself , trouser-and shirt-clad and with her long shining hair neatly groomed , it was to [find out] that room service had paid them a visit .

‘ Especially to those under the enchantment of love , ’ he answered , and Fabia experienced a need to discover if Ven himself knew or had ever known that enchantment .
‘ especially to those under the enchantment of love , ’ he answered , and fabia experienced a need to [find out] if ven himself knew or had ever known that enchantment .

When next Fabia put her arms around him , it was to discover , to her further rapture , that Ven 's shirt had gone .
when next fabia put her arms around him , it was to [find out] , to her further rapture , that ven 's shirt had gone .

Obliged to give her full attention to the crowd around her , Rory felt a stab of annoyance dagger-sharp when she finally managed to glance over towards the mystery man 's table , only to discover his seat was empty . He 'd eluded her again !
obliged to give her full attention to the crowd around her , rory felt a stab of annoyance dagger-sharp when she finally managed to glance over towards the mystery man 's table , only to [find out] his seat was empty . he 'd eluded her again !

It was a surprise , too , to discover just how big he was .
it was a surprise , too , to [find out] just how big he was .

She had fast come to discover that the most difficult part of running the nightclub was the inevitable mountain of bookwork she had to contend with .
she had fast come to [find out] that the most difficult part of running the nightclub was the inevitable mountain of bookwork she had to contend with .

She was surprised to discover he was perfectly adept as a painter and decorator — though why she should be surprised she did n't really know , she reflected a touch grouchily as she watched him work .
she was surprised to [find out] he was perfectly adept as a painter and decorator — though why she should be surprised she did n't really know , she reflected a touch grouchily as she watched him work .

She was surprised to discover how much that hurt .
she was surprised to [find out] how much that hurt .

It 's just hitting you harder than most because it 's taken you longer than the rest of us to discover the joys and the agonies of falling in love .
it 's just hitting you harder than most because it 's taken you longer than the rest of us to [find out] the joys and the agonies of falling in love .

It was bad enough that she 'd fallen in love with the cold , glacial man she already knew him to be — if she were to suddenly discover a tender , humane element to his character , heaven help her .
it was bad enough that she 'd fallen in love with the cold , glacial man she already knew him to be — if she were to suddenly [find out] a tender , humane element to his character , heaven help her .

It had taken her precious time to track down the people Lori had stayed with , only to discover , when she arrived , that Lori had flown off to Caracas .
it had taken her precious time to track down the people lori had stayed with , only to [find out] , when she arrived , that lori had flown off to caracas .

Looking about at the crowd of faces , she tried to discover who was watching her .
looking about at the crowd of faces , she tried to [find out] who was watching her .

‘ As your property happens to be slap-bang in the middle of our site , it seemed like common sense to discover what went on here .
‘ as your property happens to be slap-bang in the middle of our site , it seemed like common sense to [find out] what went on here .

This is true right down to the detail of how we use electronic mail , for example , in which , until we discover or are shown otherwise , we start from the assumption that this is a cheaper and more rapid method of writing the sort of letters we always wrote , and that those letters should have the same status , and be stored and referred to in the same way , as the written or typed ( and duplicated ) paper missive .
this is true right down to the detail of how we use electronic mail , for example , in which , until we [find out] or are shown otherwise , we start from the assumption that this is a cheaper and more rapid method of writing the sort of letters we always wrote , and that those letters should have the same status , and be stored and referred to in the same way , as the written or typed ( and duplicated ) paper missive .

When we discover that e-mail does not necessarily work like that , we are temporarily at a loss as to what to do about it .
when we [find out] that e-mail does not necessarily work like that , we are temporarily at a loss as to what to do about it .

They want to read between the lines , to worm their way into the subtext and assumptions behind the presented image , and to discover the practices that are accidentally or deliberately hidden to view .
they want to read between the lines , to worm their way into the subtext and assumptions behind the presented image , and to [find out] the practices that are accidentally or deliberately hidden to view .

The first necessary stage in the exercise of the ‘ right of access ’ is to discover the existence of the files , since ‘ access ’ is not a meaningful term unless combined with a knowledge of where the files are .
the first necessary stage in the exercise of the ‘ right of access ’ is to [find out] the existence of the files , since ‘ access ’ is not a meaningful term unless combined with a knowledge of where the files are .

What is more interesting is to discover how far these were due to industrialisation , and used the same methods and technology as were transforming industry .
what is more interesting is to [find out] how far these were due to industrialisation , and used the same methods and technology as were transforming industry .

Men had to discover where to go and what to do once they got there .
men had to [find out] where to go and what to do once they got there .

For , if it is easy to discover or to devise connections between puritanism and capitalism , as a large literature bears witness , those between nineteenth-century family structure and bourgeois society remain obscure .
for , if it is easy to [find out] or to devise connections between puritanism and capitalism , as a large literature bears witness , those between nineteenth-century family structure and bourgeois society remain obscure .

This is a remarkable achievement , for his contemporaries ( except for some economists ) are now forgotten , even by highly educated men and women , or else they have weathered the intervening century so badly that intellectual archaeologists can once more discover forgotten merits in their writings .
this is a remarkable achievement , for his contemporaries ( except for some economists ) are now forgotten , even by highly educated men and women , or else they have weathered the intervening century so badly that intellectual archaeologists can once more [find out] forgotten merits in their writings .

to discover the origins and historic development of speech and language , were also made — e.g .
to [find out] the origins and historic development of speech and language , were also made — e.g .

Agents must try to burrow into the minds of central bankers to discover what motivates their actions governing the course of the money stock .
agents must try to burrow into the minds of central bankers to [find out] what motivates their actions governing the course of the money stock .

Chitty states that the object of all construction is to discover the intentions of the parties and that the `` cardinal presumption `` is that parties have intended what they have in fact said .
chitty states that the object of all construction is to [find out] the intentions of the parties and that the `` cardinal presumption `` is that parties have intended what they have in fact said .

( It can be embarrassing to discover that the information requested was in fact supplied to the purchaser six weeks before the date of the request . )
( it can be embarrassing to [find out] that the information requested was in fact supplied to the purchaser six weeks before the date of the request . )

It aims to discover why farmers who in general enjoy better than average health are nonetheless more likely to develop a range of cancers , including leukaemia and cancers of the prostrate , brain , stomach , skin and lip .
it aims to [find out] why farmers who in general enjoy better than average health are nonetheless more likely to develop a range of cancers , including leukaemia and cancers of the prostrate , brain , stomach , skin and lip .

Nonetheless , the king was expected to consult with his tenants-in-chief ( the earls , barons , and leading churchmen of the kingdom ) in order to discover and declare the law and to have their counsel before any levies of extraordinary taxation were made .
nonetheless , the king was expected to consult with his tenants-in-chief ( the earls , barons , and leading churchmen of the kingdom ) in order to [find out] and declare the law and to have their counsel before any levies of extraordinary taxation were made .

The United States Constitution is considered by Americans to embody the principles of a higher law , to constitute `` in fact imperfect man 's most perfect rendering of what Blackstone saluted as `` the eternal immutable laws of good and evil , to which the creator himself in all his dispensations conforms : and which he has enabled human reason to discover , so far as they are necessary for the conduct of human actions . ``
the united states constitution is considered by americans to embody the principles of a higher law , to constitute `` in fact imperfect man 's most perfect rendering of what blackstone saluted as `` the eternal immutable laws of good and evil , to which the creator himself in all his dispensations conforms : and which he has enabled human reason to [find out] , so far as they are necessary for the conduct of human actions . ``

Because one can not have recourse to one simple authoritative document to discover the provisions of the Constitution , one has instead to research four separate sources : statute law , common law , conventions , and works of authority .
because one can not have recourse to one simple authoritative document to [find out] the provisions of the constitution , one has instead to research four separate sources : statute law , common law , conventions , and works of authority .

Given the disparate sources of the Constitution and the fact that important relationships within and between organs of the state are not laid down in any one formal or binding document , it is not surprising that one must have recourse to books by constitutional scholars to discover the extent and nature of those relationships .
given the disparate sources of the constitution and the fact that important relationships within and between organs of the state are not laid down in any one formal or binding document , it is not surprising that one must have recourse to books by constitutional scholars to [find out] the extent and nature of those relationships .

Studies previous to the Sadler/Spencer survey have concentrated , for the most part , on attitudes to domestic energy conservation , in an attempt to discover why programmes aimed at promoting conservation have not been taken up as widely as expected and hoped .
studies previous to the sadler/spencer survey have concentrated , for the most part , on attitudes to domestic energy conservation , in an attempt to [find out] why programmes aimed at promoting conservation have not been taken up as widely as expected and hoped .

There is much still to discover , but Cable has laid the groundwork and set the agenda for future work in this developing field .
there is much still to [find out] , but cable has laid the groundwork and set the agenda for future work in this developing field .

Only a few months earlier he had , as she was soon to discover , been involved in a plot to murder her secretary and musician David Rizzio , believing or half-believing that the two of them were lovers .
only a few months earlier he had , as she was soon to [find out] , been involved in a plot to murder her secretary and musician david rizzio , believing or half-believing that the two of them were lovers .

Try things out and discover how things work by ‘ playing ’ with giant scientific toys .
try things out and [find out] how things work by ‘ playing ’ with giant scientific toys .

The pit is now a museum where visitors can go underground and discover how miners have worked and lived over the last 200 years .
the pit is now a museum where visitors can go underground and [find out] how miners have worked and lived over the last 200 years .

Visitors can walk along a Roman street and discover remains of turrets , cookhouses , bread-ovens and a latrine .
visitors can walk along a roman street and [find out] remains of turrets , cookhouses , bread-ovens and a latrine .

Visitors can also discover more about the castle with the popular cassette tour .
visitors can also [find out] more about the castle with the popular cassette tour .

His special gift was to get us on the move , send us out to the butcher to buy that good piece of veal , into the kitchen to discover how delicate is the combination of veal , carrots , little onions , a scrap of bacon , seasonings and butter all so slowly and carefully amalgamated — and all done with butter and water alone .
his special gift was to get us on the move , send us out to the butcher to buy that good piece of veal , into the kitchen to [find out] how delicate is the combination of veal , carrots , little onions , a scrap of bacon , seasonings and butter all so slowly and carefully amalgamated — and all done with butter and water alone .

Swiftly , now , before the deep-freezers , the dehydrators and the emulsifiers take the syllabub away from us and return it transformed and forever despoiled , let us discover how it was made in its heyday and what we can do to recapture something of its pristine charm .
swiftly , now , before the deep-freezers , the dehydrators and the emulsifiers take the syllabub away from us and return it transformed and forever despoiled , let us [find out] how it was made in its heyday and what we can do to recapture something of its pristine charm .

If they turn up to discover a human housing estate instead of the expected hole in the ground , it must undoubtedly stress them .
if they turn up to [find out] a human housing estate instead of the expected hole in the ground , it must undoubtedly stress them .

But where such differences occur , our aim must always be to discover , by the most careful and rigorous study of which we are capable , what the relevant passages really mean , whether this turns out to agree with our own previous ideas or not .
but where such differences occur , our aim must always be to [find out] , by the most careful and rigorous study of which we are capable , what the relevant passages really mean , whether this turns out to agree with our own previous ideas or not .

Through reading the Bible we discover fundamental truths about God , and see them demonstrated by events in the lives of his people which illuminate his character and illustrate his will for all men at all times .
through reading the bible we [find out] fundamental truths about god , and see them demonstrated by events in the lives of his people which illuminate his character and illustrate his will for all men at all times .

To discover why , we must turn to the introductory chapters of Genesis .
to [find out] why , we must turn to the introductory chapters of genesis .

The battle of the gods in the Babylonian Genesis has no Old Testament equivalent , despite attempts by many scholars to discover underlying references to it in the text of Genesis 1:2 and other passages which speak of God 's power over the waters .
the battle of the gods in the babylonian genesis has no old testament equivalent , despite attempts by many scholars to [find out] underlying references to it in the text of genesis 1:2 and other passages which speak of god 's power over the waters .

Just how they were used to discover God 's will is not known .
just how they were used to [find out] god 's will is not known .

Source criticism is the attempt to discover and define the written material on which the different biblical writers drew .
source criticism is the attempt to [find out] and define the written material on which the different biblical writers drew .

Her body , both young men were interested to discover , was remarkably like the statues of young women they had seen like , for instance , the Collector 's plaster cast of Andromeda Exposed to the Monster , though , of course , without any chains .
her body , both young men were interested to [find out] , was remarkably like the statues of young women they had seen like , for instance , the collector 's plaster cast of andromeda exposed to the monster , though , of course , without any chains .

It is not difficult to discover an unknown animal .
it is not difficult to [find out] an unknown animal .

He was fascinated to discover that the Galapagos animals bore a general resemblance to those he had seen on the mainland , but differed from them in detail .
he was fascinated to [find out] that the galapagos animals bore a general resemblance to those he had seen on the mainland , but differed from them in detail .

Laboratory experiments were made in the 1950s to discover what might happen to these particular chemical constituents under such conditions .
laboratory experiments were made in the 1950s to [find out] what might happen to these particular chemical constituents under such conditions .

Sometimes you swim over great meadows that consist entirely of one kind of coral ; sometimes in deeper water , you discover a coral tower hung with fans and sponges that extends beyond your sight into depths of darkest blue .
sometimes you swim over great meadows that consist entirely of one kind of coral ; sometimes in deeper water , you [find out] a coral tower hung with fans and sponges that extends beyond your sight into depths of darkest blue .

The angle at which sound strikes the slits greatly affects the strength in which it reaches the drum , so the grasshopper , by waving its legs in the air , can discover the direction from which a call is coming .
the angle at which sound strikes the slits greatly affects the strength in which it reaches the drum , so the grasshopper , by waving its legs in the air , can [find out] the direction from which a call is coming .

When the hunters at the head of the column discover prey , they swarm all over it , cutting it apart .
when the hunters at the head of the column [find out] prey , they swarm all over it , cutting it apart .

The evidence for this conclusion is hard indeed to discover in the adult sea squirt , but more visible in its larva .
the evidence for this conclusion is hard indeed to [find out] in the adult sea squirt , but more visible in its larva .

If you want to discover them , all you need is two wires at the end of a pole leading to an amplifier , powered by a small battery and attached to a little loudspeaker .
if you want to [find out] them , all you need is two wires at the end of a pole leading to an amplifier , powered by a small battery and attached to a little loudspeaker .

One important lesson concerns the need to consider the whole child when trying to discover what a child understands or is capable of .
one important lesson concerns the need to consider the whole child when trying to [find out] what a child understands or is capable of .

The starting point is to discover what words mean .
the starting point is to [find out] what words mean .

They reject apparent synonyms within a language until they discover that there is more than one level of categorization to which labels can be applied .
they reject apparent synonyms within a language until they [find out] that there is more than one level of categorization to which labels can be applied .

Once children discover that , despite the difference in form between a and b , there is no contrast in meaning between them , they are faced with a violation of the principle of Contrast .
once children [find out] that , despite the difference in form between a and b , there is no contrast in meaning between them , they are faced with a violation of the principle of contrast .

To discover that there is no difference in meaning between two forms may , of course , take children a long time .
to [find out] that there is no difference in meaning between two forms may , of course , take children a long time .

All the communication was by telephone , and the finding child was instructed to look only where her partner told her to look and to make use of the telephone to discover the exact location of the object .
all the communication was by telephone , and the finding child was instructed to look only where her partner told her to look and to make use of the telephone to [find out] the exact location of the object .

It is interesting to discover that many of the complicated variations used in handling the speech of others also appear when thought rather than speech is dealt with ( see Table 5.2 ) .
it is interesting to [find out] that many of the complicated variations used in handling the speech of others also appear when thought rather than speech is dealt with ( see table 5.2 ) .

The suggestions of homosexuality are , however , only one aspect of the attempt to discover some `` mystery `` which he wished to conceal ; and , in fact , the belief that there is such a secret has been largely provoked by the innate secretiveness of his own temperament .
the suggestions of homosexuality are , however , only one aspect of the attempt to [find out] some `` mystery `` which he wished to conceal ; and , in fact , the belief that there is such a secret has been largely provoked by the innate secretiveness of his own temperament .

It seems an odd word until you discover that this little boy was born with a devastating skin condition which is baffling the medical world and making his young life a misery .
it seems an odd word until you [find out] that this little boy was born with a devastating skin condition which is baffling the medical world and making his young life a misery .

Yet no one , it seems , can discover what lies behind Graham 's complaint — a condition which is all the more curious because on the surface his skin , while rather pale , seems quite normal .
yet no one , it seems , can [find out] what lies behind graham 's complaint — a condition which is all the more curious because on the surface his skin , while rather pale , seems quite normal .

Other woodworkers will of course make a more detailed examination ; if only to discover the methods of construction .
other woodworkers will of course make a more detailed examination ; if only to [find out] the methods of construction .

Terry Porter visited John Ambrose in his workshop in Ely to discover some of the secrets of his success
terry porter visited john ambrose in his workshop in ely to [find out] some of the secrets of his success

However , sex is `` there `` and they are beginning to discover it .
however , sex is `` there `` and they are beginning to [find out] it .

Enforcement of prohibition was an impossible task as `` speak easies `` ( illegal drinking places ) mushroomed and an absurdly small force of ill-paid Federal agents tried to discover and close them down .
enforcement of prohibition was an impossible task as `` speak easies `` ( illegal drinking places ) mushroomed and an absurdly small force of ill-paid federal agents tried to [find out] and close them down .

This might be treated as evidence that Gibbon uses an abnormally large number of abstract nouns , but of course it can not , for we might then discover that a preponderance of abstract nouns is quite normal in the prose of Gibbon 's contemporaries , and that Gibbon 's language in this respect is not exceptional .
this might be treated as evidence that gibbon uses an abnormally large number of abstract nouns , but of course it can not , for we might then [find out] that a preponderance of abstract nouns is quite normal in the prose of gibbon 's contemporaries , and that gibbon 's language in this respect is not exceptional .

We might even discover that he uses a lower number of abstract nouns than other writers of his time .
we might even [find out] that he uses a lower number of abstract nouns than other writers of his time .

For if the student can retrieve an item by dialling a number , he still has to discover what number , and to conceptualize how he might arrive at the correct answer that would give it to him .
for if the student can retrieve an item by dialling a number , he still has to [find out] what number , and to conceptualize how he might arrive at the correct answer that would give it to him .

The student is then left to discover answers for himself .
the student is then left to [find out] answers for himself .

When Sheila Sheffield fails to achieve her quota for the quarter , he helps Sheila discover the reasons .
when sheila sheffield fails to achieve her quota for the quarter , he helps sheila [find out] the reasons .

It 's the way most people discover the best things in life .
it 's the way most people [find out] the best things in life .

Destroy every single memo you discover inside , together with 90 per cent of everything else you find .
destroy every single memo you [find out] inside , together with 90 per cent of everything else you find .

The miners would then search the hush for the vein and would cut trenches in the hillside , herring-boning outwards from the hush to discover the direction in which the vein led into the hillside .
the miners would then search the hush for the vein and would cut trenches in the hillside , herring-boning outwards from the hush to [find out] the direction in which the vein led into the hillside .

In response to this development some teachers of English began to justify the value of their discipline on the grounds that it offered `` an opportunity to discover both an individual identity and social role without premature commitment to a profession `` .
in response to this development some teachers of english began to justify the value of their discipline on the grounds that it offered `` an opportunity to [find out] both an individual identity and social role without premature commitment to a profession `` .

After his death , Degas ' executors were delighted to discover eighty or more wax studies in his studio ( accounts vary ; one claims there were 150 ) and an elaborate wrangle ensued , resulting in the casting of seventy-three of the pieces by the founders Hébrard et Cie .
after his death , degas ' executors were delighted to [find out] eighty or more wax studies in his studio ( accounts vary ; one claims there were 150 ) and an elaborate wrangle ensued , resulting in the casting of seventy-three of the pieces by the founders hébrard et cie .

One is surprised to discover which should be more widely known that her abstract work preceded that of Ben Nicholson and Barbara Hepworth by ten years or so .
one is surprised to [find out] which should be more widely known that her abstract work preceded that of ben nicholson and barbara hepworth by ten years or so .

It has often been a surprise to discover the presence of an extensive spread of buildings well beyond the enclosure , this lack of awareness has led occasionally to their discovery all too late , whilst they were being ravaged by development .
it has often been a surprise to [find out] the presence of an extensive spread of buildings well beyond the enclosure , this lack of awareness has led occasionally to their discovery all too late , whilst they were being ravaged by development .

After lunch ( not included ) visit the Medieval town of Gouda , famous for its cheese but with a lot more to discover such as St. Jans Kerk which contains over half of Holland 's antique stained-glass windows , the Gothic City Hall dating back to 1430 and a collection of fascinating museums .
after lunch ( not included ) visit the medieval town of gouda , famous for its cheese but with a lot more to [find out] such as st. jans kerk which contains over half of holland 's antique stained-glass windows , the gothic city hall dating back to 1430 and a collection of fascinating museums .

At Amsterdam Travel Service , we know how difficult it can be to discover who is playing where and when and how tricky it can be to find out how to buy those all important tickets .
at amsterdam travel service , we know how difficult it can be to [find out] who is playing where and when and how tricky it can be to find out how to buy those all important tickets .

Scheveningen offers a complete contrast to the centre of The Hague , with its sandy beaches , wide promenade and boulevard where you will discover restaurants , bars , small terraces and boutiques to welcome you day and night .
scheveningen offers a complete contrast to the centre of the hague , with its sandy beaches , wide promenade and boulevard where you will [find out] restaurants , bars , small terraces and boutiques to welcome you day and night .

Travelling by coach you will pass through the flower carpet fields to the Franz Roozen Nurseries where you will discover the art of growing flowers and perhaps order your own bulbs which will be delivered to you for planting in the autumn .
travelling by coach you will pass through the flower carpet fields to the franz roozen nurseries where you will [find out] the art of growing flowers and perhaps order your own bulbs which will be delivered to you for planting in the autumn .

Now having said that , afficionados of Nash will turn to Howard Colvin 's Biographical Dictionary of British Architects 1600–1840 to discover only 130 listed works .
now having said that , afficionados of nash will turn to howard colvin 's biographical dictionary of british architects 1600–1840 to [find out] only 130 listed works .

There are many techniques of distraction and it is very important that you practice with different methods to discover which one works best for you .
there are many techniques of distraction and it is very important that you practice with different methods to [find out] which one works best for you .

At the same time , it can be a temple to art : in the tower of the Fridericianum ( the tower as metaphor of holiness and imprisonment ) we shall be presenting six artists who , in our view , have revolutionised art and won a place in the collective memory : David , Gauguin , Newmann , Giacometti , Beuys , and a living artist whose identity you will discover in due course .
at the same time , it can be a temple to art : in the tower of the fridericianum ( the tower as metaphor of holiness and imprisonment ) we shall be presenting six artists who , in our view , have revolutionised art and won a place in the collective memory : david , gauguin , newmann , giacometti , beuys , and a living artist whose identity you will [find out] in due course .

You must discover how and when to take part in that sharing .
you must [find out] how and when to take part in that sharing .

Discover how and when and why you tire physically and mentally .
[find out] how and when and why you tire physically and mentally .

You should learn the lay-out of the library and discover how to use the catalogues , bibliographies , microfiches , on-line computer terminals and reference sections .
you should learn the lay-out of the library and [find out] how to use the catalogues , bibliographies , microfiches , on-line computer terminals and reference sections .

To discover whether you already know how to think .
to [find out] whether you already know how to think .

You must penetrate the disguise and discover what the question is really about .
you must penetrate the disguise and [find out] what the question is really about .

Researching your subject to discover what other researchers have found before you .
researching your subject to [find out] what other researchers have found before you .

If you find yourself prey to regular bad night terrors , it might be worthwhile talking the problem through with a counsellor , trained in dream analysis , to look at the imagery and try to discover what the messages are for you , what your fears are all about .
if you find yourself prey to regular bad night terrors , it might be worthwhile talking the problem through with a counsellor , trained in dream analysis , to look at the imagery and try to [find out] what the messages are for you , what your fears are all about .

This is necessary not only to judge the fineness and regularity of the knotting , but also to discover whether there are any repairs or signs of damage which are not noticeable from the front .
this is necessary not only to judge the fineness and regularity of the knotting , but also to [find out] whether there are any repairs or signs of damage which are not noticeable from the front .

If the owner of the insurance company covering your house contents had absconded to Fiji , you might not discover this until your house was burgled and the company would not answer the telephone .
if the owner of the insurance company covering your house contents had absconded to fiji , you might not [find out] this until your house was burgled and the company would not answer the telephone .

This collection of concordances now forms a subset of the corpus and can be treated to a separate frequency analysis , to discover the collocates of the original node ( in this case the word ’ money ’ ) .
this collection of concordances now forms a subset of the corpus and can be treated to a separate frequency analysis , to [find out] the collocates of the original node ( in this case the word ’ money ’ ) .

The childhood sexuality that Havelock Ellis and Freud were to ‘ discover ’ was a sexuality moulded within this intensified emotional harbour of the bourgeois family .
the childhood sexuality that havelock ellis and freud were to ‘ [find out] ’ was a sexuality moulded within this intensified emotional harbour of the bourgeois family .

The first thing they will then discover is that all the other grown-ups in the room tower above them and they actually have to crane their necks to look at their faces .
the first thing they will then [find out] is that all the other grown-ups in the room tower above them and they actually have to crane their necks to look at their faces .

The airport brings major economic benefits to the North West as we were to discover with the help of our guide John Kirby .
the airport brings major economic benefits to the north west as we were to [find out] with the help of our guide john kirby .

You 'll discover an extensive range of products available at your post office which do n't require stickers , wrapping or stamps — they 're all included in the price .
you 'll [find out] an extensive range of products available at your post office which do n't require stickers , wrapping or stamps — they 're all included in the price .

However , charges of corruption were certainly made at the time , and one must try to discover how firmly they were based .
however , charges of corruption were certainly made at the time , and one must try to [find out] how firmly they were based .

From the Far East to the Americas and the Caribbean , come and discover this wonderful world with Sovereign .
from the far east to the americas and the caribbean , come and [find out] this wonderful world with sovereign .

Spend some time in Kuala Lumpur , the hub of the country , and discover the opulence , the squalor , the old and the new , all standing cheek by jowl and forming a massive , crazy , but undeniably fascinating , whole .
spend some time in kuala lumpur , the hub of the country , and [find out] the opulence , the squalor , the old and the new , all standing cheek by jowl and forming a massive , crazy , but undeniably fascinating , whole .

Discover the beauty of the Cameron Highlands near the capital , the ruins of a bygone age at Malacca , or the serene beauty of one of the many beaches on the popular island getaway of Penang .
[find out] the beauty of the cameron highlands near the capital , the ruins of a bygone age at malacca , or the serene beauty of one of the many beaches on the popular island getaway of penang .

Take life at your own pace , stop when and where you want to , and discover as much of this strikingly beautiful country as you like .
take life at your own pace , stop when and where you want to , and [find out] as much of this strikingly beautiful country as you like .

At leisure in Delhi with optional tours available to discover Old and New Delhi or the elaborate Taj Mahal at Agra .
at leisure in delhi with optional tours available to [find out] old and new delhi or the elaborate taj mahal at agra .

Most of the hotel 's rooms have views over the sea , if not over the swimming pool , and the scuba diving school gives novices the opportunity to discover the delights of the Seychellois underworld .
most of the hotel 's rooms have views over the sea , if not over the swimming pool , and the scuba diving school gives novices the opportunity to [find out] the delights of the seychellois underworld .

Discover the many parks , valleys and canyons , the five botanical gardens and the eerie caves at Haena .
[find out] the many parks , valleys and canyons , the five botanical gardens and the eerie caves at haena .

Optional tour exploring Disneyland and all its delightful characters in this magical world , or take a trip to Universal Studios to discover the secrets of the movies .
optional tour exploring disneyland and all its delightful characters in this magical world , or take a trip to universal studios to [find out] the secrets of the movies .

From the lively , modern city of Toronto to the undeniable French flavour of Montreal or Quebec through to the rugged grandeur of Banff or Niagara Falls , discover the soul of this friendly country .
from the lively , modern city of toronto to the undeniable french flavour of montreal or quebec through to the rugged grandeur of banff or niagara falls , [find out] the soul of this friendly country .

Discover the Yukon with a visit to the fascinating old mining town of Whitehouse which flourished in the '90s during the Gold Rush .
[find out] the yukon with a visit to the fascinating old mining town of whitehouse which flourished in the '90s during the gold rush .

The counsellor is like a sounding board against whom clients can test out , discover , explore , struggle and reconcile a plethora of experiences and expectations .
the counsellor is like a sounding board against whom clients can test out , [find out] , explore , struggle and reconcile a plethora of experiences and expectations .

This must be data whose relationship we are concerned to discover .
this must be data whose relationship we are concerned to [find out] .

The only way to discover exactly how much this all adds up to is to make a daily note of everything you spend , for a month .
the only way to [find out] exactly how much this all adds up to is to make a daily note of everything you spend , for a month .

Any information so discovered must be confined to the authority empowered by the warrant to discover it , and may not be disclosed to private persons or private bodies .
any information so discovered must be confined to the authority empowered by the warrant to [find out] it , and may not be disclosed to private persons or private bodies .

The problem with this argument , however , is that it is impossible to discover , in practice , a ‘ pure ’ use of English syntax that does not , also , similarly oblige its users to indicate a view on what is uttered .
the problem with this argument , however , is that it is impossible to [find out] , in practice , a ‘ pure ’ use of english syntax that does not , also , similarly oblige its users to indicate a view on what is uttered .

The ‘ objectivity ’ and neutrality that these authors discover in certain uses of writing correspond to the ‘ objectivity ’ that Lyons identifies in the English language .
the ‘ objectivity ’ and neutrality that these authors [find out] in certain uses of writing correspond to the ‘ objectivity ’ that lyons identifies in the english language .

He identifies the attempt by some linguists to discover ‘ literal meanings ’ with the belief that there can be a ‘ natural science , approach to language .
he identifies the attempt by some linguists to [find out] ‘ literal meanings ’ with the belief that there can be a ‘ natural science , approach to language .

It will come as no surprise to discover , then , that Spencer was highly critical of statutory intervention , arguing that it stifled liberty and led to rigidity and uniformity : ‘ Society , a living growing organism , placed within apparatuses of dead , rigid , mechanical formulas , can not fail to be hampered and pinched .
it will come as no surprise to [find out] , then , that spencer was highly critical of statutory intervention , arguing that it stifled liberty and led to rigidity and uniformity : ‘ society , a living growing organism , placed within apparatuses of dead , rigid , mechanical formulas , can not fail to be hampered and pinched .

In 1928 William Robson published Justice and Administrative Law , a landmark text which he later described as an attempt ‘ to dispel the illusion held by all the leading lawyers , politicians , civil servants and academics who had been brought up on Dicey 's Law of the Constitution that in Britain there was no administrative law ’ In this book Robson argued that ‘ no modern student of law or political science has today the slightest doubt that there exists in England a vast body of administrative law ’ and that ‘ the problem is not to discover it but rather to master its widespread ramifications and reduce it to some kind of order and coherence ’ .
in 1928 william robson published justice and administrative law , a landmark text which he later described as an attempt ‘ to dispel the illusion held by all the leading lawyers , politicians , civil servants and academics who had been brought up on dicey 's law of the constitution that in britain there was no administrative law ’ in this book robson argued that ‘ no modern student of law or political science has today the slightest doubt that there exists in england a vast body of administrative law ’ and that ‘ the problem is not to [find out] it but rather to master its widespread ramifications and reduce it to some kind of order and coherence ’ .

It is difficult to discover any intelligible principles which would justify , or even explain , the existence of so many different tribunals .
it is difficult to [find out] any intelligible principles which would justify , or even explain , the existence of so many different tribunals .

For example , if any property has been lost or found in the rooms then by referring to the room history card it is possible to discover who was the occupant of the room at a certain date .
for example , if any property has been lost or found in the rooms then by referring to the room history card it is possible to [find out] who was the occupant of the room at a certain date .

From a very early age we discover that some children are better at drawing , speaking or running than we are ; so much for the myth that we are born equal .
from a very early age we [find out] that some children are better at drawing , speaking or running than we are ; so much for the myth that we are born equal .

This sometimes means eliminating most of the original actors , and stretching down the hierarchy or even outside to discover a new chief who was not part of the original team .
this sometimes means eliminating most of the original actors , and stretching down the hierarchy or even outside to [find out] a new chief who was not part of the original team .

It is extremely difficult to discover any coherent pattern to the oprichnina and , although it is true his victims included many boyars , Western scholars have had great fun exploding the carefully constructed ‘ class ’ explanations advanced by Soviet historians .
it is extremely difficult to [find out] any coherent pattern to the oprichnina and , although it is true his victims included many boyars , western scholars have had great fun exploding the carefully constructed ‘ class ’ explanations advanced by soviet historians .

They set out to discover the names and fiefs of all lords and knights resident within the county , their liege lords , and the services each owed to the count .
they set out to [find out] the names and fiefs of all lords and knights resident within the county , their liege lords , and the services each owed to the count .

When we move to studies of post-war Japan however , we discover pluralist writers have ‘ denied the state a theoretical niche ’ ( Boyd 1985 p.11 ) .
when we move to studies of post-war japan however , we [find out] pluralist writers have ‘ denied the state a theoretical niche ’ ( boyd 1985 p.11 ) .

If , however , different teachers experience different problems of this nature and often fail to discover the full range of options that the program offers , it will indicate that the driving system of the program is too complex and obscure and most certainly needs modifying .
if , however , different teachers experience different problems of this nature and often fail to [find out] the full range of options that the program offers , it will indicate that the driving system of the program is too complex and obscure and most certainly needs modifying .

We often visit schools that are involved in testing teaching units to discover that overnight a new program has been written by a teacher to use in his afternoon lesson .
we often visit schools that are involved in testing teaching units to [find out] that overnight a new program has been written by a teacher to use in his afternoon lesson .

It is interesting to discover which are the ants ' favourite foods .
it is interesting to [find out] which are the ants ' favourite foods .

If we do not discover , we do not evolve .
if we do not [find out] , we do not evolve .

Due to our natural resilience and desire to live , discover and perpetuate the species , this common bond would be positive , not negative .
due to our natural resilience and desire to live , [find out] and perpetuate the species , this common bond would be positive , not negative .

This in turn will increase the child 's motivation both to engage in further communication and to discover the means for realising his or her communicative intentions more adequately .
this in turn will increase the child 's motivation both to engage in further communication and to [find out] the means for realising his or her communicative intentions more adequately .

Certainly there will be no ground-plan in reality to which the writer can refer to discover a basis for organising the text .
certainly there will be no ground-plan in reality to which the writer can refer to [find out] a basis for organising the text .

The child will discover from experience whether the sword glows in the presence of evil , does extra damage to the undead , or perhaps is a cursed sword that makes it easier for monsters to find and wound Samson . )
the child will [find out] from experience whether the sword glows in the presence of evil , does extra damage to the undead , or perhaps is a cursed sword that makes it easier for monsters to find and wound samson . )

( In some programs it is possible to discover more about your opponents by using the " scout " function . )
( in some programs it is possible to [find out] more about your opponents by using the " scout " function . )

He also had a small stable of girls working the docks , specializing in the new boats to put into harbour , and the girls had their instructions to discover details of the shipment … and there was always a bonus if they discovered an interesting cargo .
he also had a small stable of girls working the docks , specializing in the new boats to put into harbour , and the girls had their instructions to [find out] details of the shipment … and there was always a bonus if they discovered an interesting cargo .

And he wondered if he would ever discover them .
and he wondered if he would ever [find out] them .

He was n't actually sure why it was important for him to discover the facts .
he was n't actually sure why it was important for him to [find out] the facts .

Some day , he promised himself , he would discover the reasons for his mother 's obsessions .
some day , he promised himself , he would [find out] the reasons for his mother 's obsessions .

Automatically he glanced over his shoulder — and was startled to discover two bulky men in long overcoats standing some distance away — both very obviously watching him .
automatically he glanced over his shoulder — and was startled to [find out] two bulky men in long overcoats standing some distance away — both very obviously watching him .

As soon as we start thinking seriously about what democracy means , and what the relation is between the idea and the reality , we discover that common sense is a quite inadequate guide .
as soon as we start thinking seriously about what democracy means , and what the relation is between the idea and the reality , we [find out] that common sense is a quite inadequate guide .

We are more or less aware of all this , even though it might come as a surprise to most viewers to discover how far news material is already being treated prior to transmission .
we are more or less aware of all this , even though it might come as a surprise to most viewers to [find out] how far news material is already being treated prior to transmission .

There is art in all of us , in one form or another , but it must be discovered and developed , and this is one of our purposes as teachers to discover the art in children and develop it .
there is art in all of us , in one form or another , but it must be discovered and developed , and this is one of our purposes as teachers to [find out] the art in children and develop it .

He used it in encouraging teachers to give children the freedom to discover themselves .
he used it in encouraging teachers to give children the freedom to [find out] themselves .

These are : ( a ) That the officer can not discover the suspect 's name or believes he has given a false name .
these are : ( a ) that the officer can not [find out] the suspect 's name or believes he has given a false name .

This marketing approach to products has been beneficial for the consumer because it determines what a company will sell based on what the consumer wants , or the market place is ready to discover and buy , rather than on hope and guesswork .
this marketing approach to products has been beneficial for the consumer because it determines what a company will sell based on what the consumer wants , or the market place is ready to [find out] and buy , rather than on hope and guesswork .

Research may well be undertaken to discover how effective it is proving .
research may well be undertaken to [find out] how effective it is proving .

Acquiring this kind of expertise brings its own rewards and it is gratifying to discover that it is often easier to explain a subject to others when you have had some difficulty mastering it yourself .
acquiring this kind of expertise brings its own rewards and it is gratifying to [find out] that it is often easier to explain a subject to others when you have had some difficulty mastering it yourself .

The employees in such departments are often out of touch with changes in public opinion , relying instead on research data which may not be framed in a context most likely to discover what changes of attitude are occurring in consumer habits .
the employees in such departments are often out of touch with changes in public opinion , relying instead on research data which may not be framed in a context most likely to [find out] what changes of attitude are occurring in consumer habits .

The children work on lists of words with instructions to discover specific patterns .
the children work on lists of words with instructions to [find out] specific patterns .

It had n't taken Sister Anne long to discover how intelligent Topaz was and , as the former was a born teacher , she forgot all about the gold earrings and the unseemly deportment and got down to business .
it had n't taken sister anne long to [find out] how intelligent topaz was and , as the former was a born teacher , she forgot all about the gold earrings and the unseemly deportment and got down to business .

Since the questions of apprenticeship and pay lie at the heart of the problem , we should first examine the surviving evidence to discover how long an apprenticeship women actually served , and how much they were paid , before going on to analyse the re-organization of the work process .
since the questions of apprenticeship and pay lie at the heart of the problem , we should first examine the surviving evidence to [find out] how long an apprenticeship women actually served , and how much they were paid , before going on to analyse the re-organization of the work process .

She discovered that he had urinary frequency and it was decided that a specimen of urine should be sent to the bacteriology laboratory to discover whether he had a urinary tract infection .
she discovered that he had urinary frequency and it was decided that a specimen of urine should be sent to the bacteriology laboratory to [find out] whether he had a urinary tract infection .

It had shocked him to discover , while a student , that at least half the men in his year had had no love or emotional experience at all .
it had shocked him to [find out] , while a student , that at least half the men in his year had had no love or emotional experience at all .

It gratified him to discover how popular his singing was .
it gratified him to [find out] how popular his singing was .

However , now is the time to discover ways of creating simple and delicious dishes with Dutch Edam , such as our Carrot and Butter Bean Souffles — a stunning starter for a dinner party the Chicken and Edam Salad ; a light and healthy lunch dish , and the Creamy Scrambled Eggs and Nut and Cheese Potatoes for warming winter snacks or suppers .
however , now is the time to [find out] ways of creating simple and delicious dishes with dutch edam , such as our carrot and butter bean souffles — a stunning starter for a dinner party the chicken and edam salad ; a light and healthy lunch dish , and the creamy scrambled eggs and nut and cheese potatoes for warming winter snacks or suppers .

For Weber it was a matter for social and historical analysis to discover the real basis of inequality in a particular society .
for weber it was a matter for social and historical analysis to [find out] the real basis of inequality in a particular society .

But frustration can often set in when you discover that the furniture so suited to your modern townhouse looks completely out of place in your Victorian terrace .
but frustration can often set in when you [find out] that the furniture so suited to your modern townhouse looks completely out of place in your victorian terrace .

During an earlier panic about garotting robberies and stabbing incidents in 1856 , The Times had enjoyed the good fortune actually to discover some real foreigners to blame for the outrages , pointing the accusing finger at ‘ men who have been discharged from the foreign legions ’ .
during an earlier panic about garotting robberies and stabbing incidents in 1856 , the times had enjoyed the good fortune actually to [find out] some real foreigners to blame for the outrages , pointing the accusing finger at ‘ men who have been discharged from the foreign legions ’ .

It is not necessary to go back a hundred years , however , in order to discover a London haunted by unusually similar fears about the leniency of the law and the terrors of the night .
it is not necessary to go back a hundred years , however , in order to [find out] a london haunted by unusually similar fears about the leniency of the law and the terrors of the night .

That 's the most exciting part , when you take off overpaint and discover something underneath .
that 's the most exciting part , when you take off overpaint and [find out] something underneath .

You discover what you did n't know was there .
you [find out] what you did n't know was there .

Discover Romantic Hideaways in the real Spain .
[find out] romantic hideaways in the real spain .

Christians gravitated to Ireland not to impose their creed on others , but to immerse themselves in the teachings of the past — and to discover , in the seclusion and peace of the island , their own inner communion with their God , independent of hierarchical priesthoods .
christians gravitated to ireland not to impose their creed on others , but to immerse themselves in the teachings of the past — and to [find out] , in the seclusion and peace of the island , their own inner communion with their god , independent of hierarchical priesthoods .

Summertime Kirchberg echoes to the splash of children in water , laughter on the tennis courts and the exclamations of walkers as they discover another tranquil vista .
summertime kirchberg echoes to the splash of children in water , laughter on the tennis courts and the exclamations of walkers as they [find out] another tranquil vista .

It has long been established that a defendant may be required to discover documents under his control but situated abroad ; in the early cases , the fact that relevant documents were in Calcutta or in Tobago led merely to an extension in the time allowed for their production .
it has long been established that a defendant may be required to [find out] documents under his control but situated abroad ; in the early cases , the fact that relevant documents were in calcutta or in tobago led merely to an extension in the time allowed for their production .

Against critics who had accused him of choosing to write of the sea and lonely islands in order to have greater freedom for his imagination , he protested that his own youth had worn ‘ the sober hue of hard work and exacting calls of duty , things which in themselves are not much charged with a feeling of romance ’ and that if he had any ‘ romantic feeling of reality ’ it was disciplined by ‘ a recognition of the hard facts of existence shared with the rest of mankind ’ , a recognition which , he believed , tried to make the best of the hard truth and to discover in it ‘ a certain aspect of beauty ’ .
against critics who had accused him of choosing to write of the sea and lonely islands in order to have greater freedom for his imagination , he protested that his own youth had worn ‘ the sober hue of hard work and exacting calls of duty , things which in themselves are not much charged with a feeling of romance ’ and that if he had any ‘ romantic feeling of reality ’ it was disciplined by ‘ a recognition of the hard facts of existence shared with the rest of mankind ’ , a recognition which , he believed , tried to make the best of the hard truth and to [find out] in it ‘ a certain aspect of beauty ’ .

The difference between ‘ She ’ and the similar female figures in The Ivory Child , The Treasure of the Lake and The Holy Flower is that ‘ She ’ has , it appears , already lived for three thousand years when two travellers , handsome Leo Vincey and his guardian , Professor Holly , discover her in a volcanic fastness , once the ancient kingdom of Kôr .
the difference between ‘ she ’ and the similar female figures in the ivory child , the treasure of the lake and the holy flower is that ‘ she ’ has , it appears , already lived for three thousand years when two travellers , handsome leo vincey and his guardian , professor holly , [find out] her in a volcanic fastness , once the ancient kingdom of kôr .

The Town Boys in a way are an enigma , and how one joins them is by no means easy to discover .
the town boys in a way are an enigma , and how one joins them is by no means easy to [find out] .

First , they generated a witch hunt inside the palace to discover my sources .
first , they generated a witch hunt inside the palace to [find out] my sources .

Those authors who operate independently of Palace purview soon discover that doors are quickly locked , bolted and barred to inquiry .
those authors who operate independently of palace purview soon [find out] that doors are quickly locked , bolted and barred to inquiry .

While Diana and her mother started planning guest lists , wardrobe requirements and the other details for the wedding of the year , the media vainly attempted to discover her hiding-place .
while diana and her mother started planning guest lists , wardrobe requirements and the other details for the wedding of the year , the media vainly attempted to [find out] her hiding-place .

Yet it remains as a holy sanctuary where birds and green slime mould give it life and only the occasional human passer-by ventures in to discover its cavernous majesty .
yet it remains as a holy sanctuary where birds and green slime mould give it life and only the occasional human passer-by ventures in to [find out] its cavernous majesty .

This majestic sight , glimpsed through undulating woldland patchwork , or from the flatter marshland , entices all strangers who behold it for the first time to come and investigate the town further ; to discover its rich history and its modern enchantment .
this majestic sight , glimpsed through undulating woldland patchwork , or from the flatter marshland , entices all strangers who behold it for the first time to come and investigate the town further ; to [find out] its rich history and its modern enchantment .

Many have seen this apparition , some claim to have hit her with their cars and to have been astounded to discover no evidence of a body on further investigation .
many have seen this apparition , some claim to have hit her with their cars and to have been astounded to [find out] no evidence of a body on further investigation .

Birds abound too , and this is a good place to discover the great spotted woodpecker .
birds abound too , and this is a good place to [find out] the great spotted woodpecker .

The pleasure-seeking Prince was soon joined by friends and court followers anxious to discover the delights of ‘ London by the sea ’ .
the pleasure-seeking prince was soon joined by friends and court followers anxious to [find out] the delights of ‘ london by the sea ’ .

Discover an Old Master
[find out] an old master

Head east along Marine Drive , turn sharp right and you 'll discover one of Europe 's largest mariners complete with waterside bars , shops and restaurants .
head east along marine drive , turn sharp right and you 'll [find out] one of europe 's largest mariners complete with waterside bars , shops and restaurants .

As you explore its cobbled street lined with bow-fronted shops and Georgian-fronted houses you 're sure to discover the old Mermaid Inn , once the haunt of smugglers .
as you explore its cobbled street lined with bow-fronted shops and georgian-fronted houses you 're sure to [find out] the old mermaid inn , once the haunt of smugglers .

We like to think of you not as clients , but as guests , or as you may well discover even as a part of the family .
we like to think of you not as clients , but as guests , or as you may well [find out] even as a part of the family .

All Citalia customers have entrance included to this perfect way to discover times past .
all citalia customers have entrance included to this perfect way to [find out] times past .

Here you can sunbathe , swim and discover the quaint village atmosphere of Letojanni and Mazzaro .
here you can sunbathe , swim and [find out] the quaint village atmosphere of letojanni and mazzaro .

You can cycle between the Tuscan coastal resorts , or take a bus to discover such delights as the composer Puccini 's home at Torre del Lago .
you can cycle between the tuscan coastal resorts , or take a bus to [find out] such delights as the composer puccini 's home at torre del lago .

From here too visitors are ideally placed to discover the wealth of exclusive boutiques and designer names displayed all along the promenade .
from here too visitors are ideally placed to [find out] the wealth of exclusive boutiques and designer names displayed all along the promenade .

Discover the old world charm
[find out] the old world charm

Visit Ravenna and discover the capital city of the Roman Emperor Honorius and the gothic King Theodoric of Western Byzantium .
visit ravenna and [find out] the capital city of the roman emperor honorius and the gothic king theodoric of western byzantium .

There is always something new to discover under the Italian sun , and the Citalia range of Two and Three Centre Holidays is no exception .
there is always something new to [find out] under the italian sun , and the citalia range of two and three centre holidays is no exception .

Florence and Siena are there of course , but there are many other towns to discover such as Greve and Lucca .
florence and siena are there of course , but there are many other towns to [find out] such as greve and lucca .

Kohlberg 's dilemmas are not about real people — they ca n't be if the aim of the research is to discover objective principles of justice .
kohlberg 's dilemmas are not about real people — they ca n't be if the aim of the research is to [find out] objective principles of justice .

The following account is given by Helen Weinreich-Haste of a response to a question designed , not to explore this point , but simply to discover more about significant changing points in people 's lives :
the following account is given by helen weinreich-haste of a response to a question designed , not to explore this point , but simply to [find out] more about significant changing points in people 's lives :

The horror depicted in Kafka 's Metamorphosis , in which a man awakens to discover that he has become a large insect , invites comparison with the norms of women 's existence — her passages from childhood to puberty , from mature womanhood to menopause and old age ; her experience of pregnancy .
the horror depicted in kafka 's metamorphosis , in which a man awakens to [find out] that he has become a large insect , invites comparison with the norms of women 's existence — her passages from childhood to puberty , from mature womanhood to menopause and old age ; her experience of pregnancy .

We decided to probe a number of eminent writers and literary editors to discover who their nomination for Greene 's successor might be .
we decided to probe a number of eminent writers and literary editors to [find out] who their nomination for greene 's successor might be .

He failed to discover one , despite extensive use of his right foot — the car being too refined to bark like an Alfa or fart like a Kawasaki .
he failed to [find out] one , despite extensive use of his right foot — the car being too refined to bark like an alfa or fart like a kawasaki .

Plenty long enough to discover whether you find it intolerable to live with her .
plenty long enough to [find out] whether you find it intolerable to live with her .

Sex : Prepare to discover a new sensual dimension to your life .
sex : prepare to [find out] a new sensual dimension to your life .

French limestone is n't all about big numbers , bolts and Buoux . Al Churcher fled the Mistral to discover Collias , Russan and Seynes in the Gardon valley near Avignon
french limestone is n't all about big numbers , bolts and buoux . al churcher fled the mistral to [find out] collias , russan and seynes in the gardon valley near avignon

It is impossible to discover when and by whom the decision to depose the king was taken , but when parliament assembled , Mortimer and his supporters embarked on a carefully orchestrated campaign to win support for the removal of the king .
it is impossible to [find out] when and by whom the decision to depose the king was taken , but when parliament assembled , mortimer and his supporters embarked on a carefully orchestrated campaign to win support for the removal of the king .

It took the English eleven days to discover where they were ; they planned an attack on the encampment , but were dissuaded and the only military action was a surprise move by the Earl of Douglas against the English camp .
it took the english eleven days to [find out] where they were ; they planned an attack on the encampment , but were dissuaded and the only military action was a surprise move by the earl of douglas against the english camp .

As readers were to discover , The Golden Gate turned out to be a beguiling work , an accessible and witty story of modern Californians .
as readers were to [find out] , the golden gate turned out to be a beguiling work , an accessible and witty story of modern californians .

Mr Major 's transport ministers have desperately tried to discover some way in which they could carry out their former leader 's instruction that the railways must be privatised .
mr major 's transport ministers have desperately tried to [find out] some way in which they could carry out their former leader 's instruction that the railways must be privatised .

This highlighted the need for the regeneration of the Essex manufacturing base , and a series of seminars are now to be held to discover how many people have workable ideas waiting to be put into practice .
this highlighted the need for the regeneration of the essex manufacturing base , and a series of seminars are now to be held to [find out] how many people have workable ideas waiting to be put into practice .

It is just 500 years since John Cabot sailed from Bristol to discover Newfoundland .
it is just 500 years since john cabot sailed from bristol to [find out] newfoundland .

‘ The questions are designed to discover the views of a wide range of people about quality in the workplace , ’ said Charles Wilson .
‘ the questions are designed to [find out] the views of a wide range of people about quality in the workplace , ’ said charles wilson .

The attendees were mainly those responsible for the running of large office and retail complexes and several were surprised to discover that Rentokil were into this sector as well .
the attendees were mainly those responsible for the running of large office and retail complexes and several were surprised to [find out] that rentokil were into this sector as well .

Preliminary action was initiated in conjunction with the Strategic Study to discover more about the changing perceptions and requirements of clients .
preliminary action was initiated in conjunction with the strategic study to [find out] more about the changing perceptions and requirements of clients .

However , few of the boards that we observed appeared to have arrived at the stage of reflecting on some of this learning in training sessions , which might , in turn , help them discover ways to become more effective .
however , few of the boards that we observed appeared to have arrived at the stage of reflecting on some of this learning in training sessions , which might , in turn , help them [find out] ways to become more effective .

Observing her as a well-balanced and apparently fulfilled woman , it surprised me to discover that she still lived with the unexorcised ghosts of a disrupted childhood .
observing her as a well-balanced and apparently fulfilled woman , it surprised me to [find out] that she still lived with the unexorcised ghosts of a disrupted childhood .

We should look behind the artificially magnified scope of the devil to discover he is not so deserved of our admiration as once we supposed .
we should look behind the artificially magnified scope of the devil to [find out] he is not so deserved of our admiration as once we supposed .

But this contentment is short lived as we begin to discover the true personalities of the characters and the realities which exist behind their initial pleasant façe .
but this contentment is short lived as we begin to [find out] the true personalities of the characters and the realities which exist behind their initial pleasant façe .

Why was she on this distant planet , trying to discover how the Althosian civilization was destroyed ?
why was she on this distant planet , trying to [find out] how the althosian civilization was destroyed ?

Indeed , so far he had not been able to discover any previous relationship at all between Zoser and the Zikr .
indeed , so far he had not been able to [find out] any previous relationship at all between zoser and the zikr .

Such an achievement is the exact contrary of the plight of the captive chimpanzee who can not discover how to copulate .
such an achievement is the exact contrary of the plight of the captive chimpanzee who can not [find out] how to copulate .

Against such threats the ego has many defences , such as denial , distortion , forgetting , intellectualization , projection and so on ; and thus it comes about that , in the not uncommon tendency to confuse the theory with the fact of what is repressed , psychoanalysis itself is seen as a threat to the very process of repression which it was the first to discover and is itself subjected to these defensive reactions .
against such threats the ego has many defences , such as denial , distortion , forgetting , intellectualization , projection and so on ; and thus it comes about that , in the not uncommon tendency to confuse the theory with the fact of what is repressed , psychoanalysis itself is seen as a threat to the very process of repression which it was the first to [find out] and is itself subjected to these defensive reactions .

Details are widely advertised and we hope that new members of the University will discover something of interest and visit the Chaplaincy Centre .
details are widely advertised and we hope that new members of the university will [find out] something of interest and visit the chaplaincy centre .

She went inside , and was relieved to discover she was one of the first customers .
she went inside , and was relieved to [find out] she was one of the first customers .

Portfolio investment had low visibility in the sense that it was very difficult for the general population to discover who actually owned how much of the resources and enterprises in their countries .
portfolio investment had low visibility in the sense that it was very difficult for the general population to [find out] who actually owned how much of the resources and enterprises in their countries .

In this study the role of histamine as a mitogenic agent for tumours in the gastrointestinal tract was investigated to discover if cimetidine may block such proliferation enhancing effects .
in this study the role of histamine as a mitogenic agent for tumours in the gastrointestinal tract was investigated to [find out] if cimetidine may block such proliferation enhancing effects .

In this paper the results of this large programme and other reported series are reviewed to discover if colonoscopic surveillance works .
in this paper the results of this large programme and other reported series are reviewed to [find out] if colonoscopic surveillance works .

An adult of 472 gastric emptying tests carried out over a 10 year period was performed to discover the reasons for requests from consultant clinicians , their anticipation of the results of tests , and the influence of the results upon the subsequent management of their patients .
an adult of 472 gastric emptying tests carried out over a 10 year period was performed to [find out] the reasons for requests from consultant clinicians , their anticipation of the results of tests , and the influence of the results upon the subsequent management of their patients .

Many articles have appeared which describe potentially useful clinical applications of gastric emptying tests but to discover the clinical value of these tests a comprehensive audit of the service is required .
many articles have appeared which describe potentially useful clinical applications of gastric emptying tests but to [find out] the clinical value of these tests a comprehensive audit of the service is required .

It is almost always difficult to discover how these men built their fortunes at the beginning , because they leave no significant mark in the records until they have already made some mark in society .
it is almost always difficult to [find out] how these men built their fortunes at the beginning , because they leave no significant mark in the records until they have already made some mark in society .

To discover the value of measuring carbamylated haemoglobin in assessing rate of deterioration in renal function , we studied new patients with a serum creatinine in excess of 500 mol/L referred to our renal unit .
to [find out] the value of measuring carbamylated haemoglobin in assessing rate of deterioration in renal function , we studied new patients with a serum creatinine in excess of 500 mol/l referred to our renal unit .

He was surprised to discover it still on .
he was surprised to [find out] it still on .

He could hang around , of course , for the following hour or two , pretending to know what it was that he or anybody else should seek to discover .
he could hang around , of course , for the following hour or two , pretending to know what it was that he or anybody else should seek to [find out] .

They 'd been delighted therefore to renew acquaintanceship at the beginning of the tour ; and thereafter had spent many an hour together , talking about old comrades they 'd known — those who 'd come through , and those who had n't … and reminiscing about some of the ‘ local talent ’ the GIs had been only too happy to discover , in Oxford itself and in some of the surrounding towns and villages .
they 'd been delighted therefore to renew acquaintanceship at the beginning of the tour ; and thereafter had spent many an hour together , talking about old comrades they 'd known — those who 'd come through , and those who had n't … and reminiscing about some of the ‘ local talent ’ the gis had been only too happy to [find out] , in oxford itself and in some of the surrounding towns and villages .

Whether this was simply false modesty on their part , or something of a more cosmic nature , Cornelius had always been eager to discover .
whether this was simply false modesty on their part , or something of a more cosmic nature , cornelius had always been eager to [find out] .

They had come home during the height of the disturbances to discover their teenage daughter being ravished by a young police officer .
they had come home during the height of the disturbances to [find out] their teenage daughter being ravished by a young police officer .

We have the sixty-first senator to thank for the length of the second . Arriving back , as he did from his holidays , to discover that his honourable companions had n't given him a second to call his own , he took umbrage ( somewhere near Troy )
we have the sixty-first senator to thank for the length of the second . arriving back , as he did from his holidays , to [find out] that his honourable companions had n't given him a second to call his own , he took umbrage ( somewhere near troy )

Try to discover which city he 's in .
try to [find out] which city he 's in .

Marriage certificates , unfortunately , often enter ‘ Of full age ’ in the column marked ‘ Age ’ , but where precise information is given it is an easy step to go on to discover the birth certificates of the married couple .
marriage certificates , unfortunately , often enter ‘ of full age ’ in the column marked ‘ age ’ , but where precise information is given it is an easy step to go on to [find out] the birth certificates of the married couple .

Visitors discover the mysteries of the Fusion Bonded process from Jim Fletcher , Manager of the department .
visitors [find out] the mysteries of the fusion bonded process from jim fletcher , manager of the department .

Stan may well discover more rare and precious fossils but with current funding the Scottish Museum would never afford to buy them all .
stan may well [find out] more rare and precious fossils but with current funding the scottish museum would never afford to buy them all .

The purpose of compliance testing is to discover whether , and if so , how , a system is actually used .
the purpose of compliance testing is to [find out] whether , and if so , how , a system is actually used .

It is one thing to have a good system in place and then to discover that in practice , on site for example , a different system is used or that there is no system in use .
it is one thing to have a good system in place and then to [find out] that in practice , on site for example , a different system is used or that there is no system in use .

Documentary checks might be supplemented with results of site inspections to discover whether equipment was stored solely on site , whether it had been incorporated into the works , whether stage payments had been made on time and for the agreed amount .
documentary checks might be supplemented with results of site inspections to [find out] whether equipment was stored solely on site , whether it had been incorporated into the works , whether stage payments had been made on time and for the agreed amount .

From the information generated by such a system , it is possible to discover weaknesses , to identify past trends and to make realistic forecasts of the consequences of future decisions .
from the information generated by such a system , it is possible to [find out] weaknesses , to identify past trends and to make realistic forecasts of the consequences of future decisions .

We will discover the saving power of Jesus in the simplest of human experiences .
we will [find out] the saving power of jesus in the simplest of human experiences .

The problems come later , when you discover that there is a definite correlation between sales and your customer 's hat sizes .
the problems come later , when you [find out] that there is a definite correlation between sales and your customer 's hat sizes .

Discover the turn-of-the-century lifestyle of a great country house , depicted by above and below stairs character figures in the furnished rooms .
[find out] the turn-of-the-century lifestyle of a great country house , depicted by above and below stairs character figures in the furnished rooms .

See the traditional breeds of the past , and discover the story of modern farming through talking posts , displays , demonstrations and special events to mark British Food & Farming Year .
see the traditional breeds of the past , and [find out] the story of modern farming through talking posts , displays , demonstrations and special events to mark british food & farming year .

The Arab League Secretary-General , Chedli Klibi ( Tunisia ) , had already resigned on Sept. 3 , over alleged accusations from Saudi Arabia 's Foreign Minister , Prince Saud al Faisal , that he had failed in his mandate to discover why some Arab countries had expressed reservations or abstained from voting during the August Arab emergency summit on Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait [ see p. 37635 ] .
the arab league secretary-general , chedli klibi ( tunisia ) , had already resigned on sept. 3 , over alleged accusations from saudi arabia 's foreign minister , prince saud al faisal , that he had failed in his mandate to [find out] why some arab countries had expressed reservations or abstained from voting during the august arab emergency summit on iraq 's invasion of kuwait [ see p. 37635 ] .

In this way he was led to discover that the old laws could not make sense of these situations .
in this way he was led to [find out] that the old laws could not make sense of these situations .

In any case there were those who preferred to discover what links could usefully be cultivated between some western and northern European states and the Commonwealth under British leadership .
in any case there were those who preferred to [find out] what links could usefully be cultivated between some western and northern european states and the commonwealth under british leadership .

Inevitably the confusion that followed tested even the most loyal barbarians , who could suddenly discover that the emperor they supported had been overthrown by a palace coup , and that there was a hostile ruler in his place .
inevitably the confusion that followed tested even the most loyal barbarians , who could suddenly [find out] that the emperor they supported had been overthrown by a palace coup , and that there was a hostile ruler in his place .

In addition he tried to discover any other royal figures , in order to eliminate potential rivals .
in addition he tried to [find out] any other royal figures , in order to eliminate potential rivals .

Thus Sir William Trumbull , when he was sent as English ambassador to Paris in 1685 , was told that : You shall constantly correspond with our ministers in other foreign courts , for our better service , and your mutual information and assistance in your respective negotiations ; and you shall also maintain a good correspondence and intercourse with all the other ambassadors , envoys and ministers of princes and states in amity with us , and as far as you can penetrate into the designs of their respective superiors , and of what you can discover of this nature you shall give us a constant account by one of our Principal Secretaries of State .
thus sir william trumbull , when he was sent as english ambassador to paris in 1685 , was told that : you shall constantly correspond with our ministers in other foreign courts , for our better service , and your mutual information and assistance in your respective negotiations ; and you shall also maintain a good correspondence and intercourse with all the other ambassadors , envoys and ministers of princes and states in amity with us , and as far as you can penetrate into the designs of their respective superiors , and of what you can [find out] of this nature you shall give us a constant account by one of our principal secretaries of state .

The allegorical figure of Holy Church sets him on an inner journey as she teaches him that the object of his being is to discover a natural inward knowledge of a love for God that is greater than any other preoccupation .
the allegorical figure of holy church sets him on an inner journey as she teaches him that the object of his being is to [find out] a natural inward knowledge of a love for god that is greater than any other preoccupation .

– 301 ) that we can work towards : In The Scale Hilton developed at greater length the nature of the active and passive elements that belong to the contemplative life through which those who pursue it discover in the structure of their own experience the very being of Christ .
– 301 ) that we can work towards : in the scale hilton developed at greater length the nature of the active and passive elements that belong to the contemplative life through which those who pursue it [find out] in the structure of their own experience the very being of christ .

Socio-cultural anthropologists do not need to be expert anatomists or geneticists or specialists in the biology of nutrition but they are likely to talk a lot of nonsense if they do not take account of what experts in such matters have been able to discover .
socio-cultural anthropologists do not need to be expert anatomists or geneticists or specialists in the biology of nutrition but they are likely to talk a lot of nonsense if they do not take account of what experts in such matters have been able to [find out] .

Part of the fieldworker 's problem is to discover how this abstract schema is expressed in the verbal statements by which his informants describe their cosmology .
part of the fieldworker 's problem is to [find out] how this abstract schema is expressed in the verbal statements by which his informants describe their cosmology .

Maybe if he could delay a little longer , Springfield would discover his sweep had failed to capture the ringleader and send men in to flush him out .
maybe if he could delay a little longer , springfield would [find out] his sweep had failed to capture the ringleader and send men in to flush him out .

The angling press , tackle dealers and the grapevine all contribute and nowadays it is relatively easy to discover a water with a decent head of quality fish .
the angling press , tackle dealers and the grapevine all contribute and nowadays it is relatively easy to [find out] a water with a decent head of quality fish .

Of course we do n't carry sub-aqua gear to check out these features before fishing : we can only discover them through practice .
of course we do n't carry sub-aqua gear to check out these features before fishing : we can only [find out] them through practice .

You may discover that you 've chosen to fish a line too close in or too far out .
you may [find out] that you 've chosen to fish a line too close in or too far out .

This study aims to discover patterns of migration of labour within and between the townships of Calverley parish and to look at the role of vestry policy upon this and also upon movement into and out of the parish .
this study aims to [find out] patterns of migration of labour within and between the townships of calverley parish and to look at the role of vestry policy upon this and also upon movement into and out of the parish .

Whenever possible , information will be collected from more than one source , eg from both town council and church accounts , to try to discover if a single labour market operated in a town .
whenever possible , information will be collected from more than one source , eg from both town council and church accounts , to try to [find out] if a single labour market operated in a town .

Furthermore , the researchers aim to discover what managerial and organisational problems the sample experienced in the first three years of their firm 's existence , how the role of owner/manager has influenced family life and the attitude of the sample towards the growth and development of their organisations .
furthermore , the researchers aim to [find out] what managerial and organisational problems the sample experienced in the first three years of their firm 's existence , how the role of owner/manager has influenced family life and the attitude of the sample towards the growth and development of their organisations .

First , national monitoring of local government women 's initiatives , supplemented by brief case studies , will discover what women 's committees intend to do , what they have done and what political and financial resources they have to carry out their plans .
first , national monitoring of local government women 's initiatives , supplemented by brief case studies , will [find out] what women 's committees intend to do , what they have done and what political and financial resources they have to carry out their plans .

The focus on large firms ( and not just textile ones ) is designed to discover clues about how the whole region responded to the threat of industrial decline .
the focus on large firms ( and not just textile ones ) is designed to [find out] clues about how the whole region responded to the threat of industrial decline .

This research project has been designed to discover whether , and how , local firms meet this challenge .
this research project has been designed to [find out] whether , and how , local firms meet this challenge .

This project aims to discover which environmental effects are of most concern to a variety of groups , to incorporate those environmental effects into a microcomputer model for the assessment of energy supply and demand strategies , and to make the model available to those groups with an interest in energy .
this project aims to [find out] which environmental effects are of most concern to a variety of groups , to incorporate those environmental effects into a microcomputer model for the assessment of energy supply and demand strategies , and to make the model available to those groups with an interest in energy .

The aims of this research are to discover what are the attributes , qualities and skills of senior managers ( the competencies ) that contribute to the establishment and maintenance of high performing systems .
the aims of this research are to [find out] what are the attributes , qualities and skills of senior managers ( the competencies ) that contribute to the establishment and maintenance of high performing systems .

This project aims to discover whether similar results can be established for an economy in which money has a more significant function .
this project aims to [find out] whether similar results can be established for an economy in which money has a more significant function .

The aim is to discover , for example by estimating ‘ reaction functions ’ what were the economic indicators to which policymakers in fact responded .
the aim is to [find out] , for example by estimating ‘ reaction functions ’ what were the economic indicators to which policymakers in fact responded .

Apart from identifying benefits and measuring direct costs generated by the system , the research aims to discover the effects of planning controls on land values , affecting relative prices , output , and employment elsewhere in the economy .
apart from identifying benefits and measuring direct costs generated by the system , the research aims to [find out] the effects of planning controls on land values , affecting relative prices , output , and employment elsewhere in the economy .

The research aims first to identify the factors responsible for the growth of the various elements of public expenditure , so that some idea can be obtained as to their future development ; and secondly to discover to what extent these developments have represented , and will represent , claims on real resources , contributions to real output , or simply an increasing burden of taxation .
the research aims first to identify the factors responsible for the growth of the various elements of public expenditure , so that some idea can be obtained as to their future development ; and secondly to [find out] to what extent these developments have represented , and will represent , claims on real resources , contributions to real output , or simply an increasing burden of taxation .

The aim of this study is to discover the relationship between the availability of transport , and the problems of deprivation in inner cities and in other urban areas with economic and social problems .
the aim of this study is to [find out] the relationship between the availability of transport , and the problems of deprivation in inner cities and in other urban areas with economic and social problems .

Fourthly , there is an attitude survey of a national sample of the general public to discover current attitudes to new technologies .
fourthly , there is an attitude survey of a national sample of the general public to [find out] current attitudes to new technologies .

The intention is to investigate these choices in their social , political and economic context to discover how different pressures at different times might have influenced them .
the intention is to investigate these choices in their social , political and economic context to [find out] how different pressures at different times might have influenced them .

Findings from the three forces were compared to discover differences in demand input and in priorities .
findings from the three forces were compared to [find out] differences in demand input and in priorities .

to explore how courts apply the duty imposed by the Child Care Act 1980 to give the child 's welfare first and paramount consideration ; 2. to examine the practices in use for providing magistrates with impartial information ; 3. to discover whether parents ' solicitors experience difficulties in getting background history of cases from Social Services Departments ; 4. to judge whether parents at are a disadvantage in court ; 5. to monitor how solicitors conduct their cases , and how they emply the various possible lines of argument of the Code of Practice on Access ; 6. to discuss the underlying attitudes of the magistrates and social workers towards access to children in care , the reasons for their viewpoints and whether the publication of the Code caused them to change any of their positions .
to explore how courts apply the duty imposed by the child care act 1980 to give the child 's welfare first and paramount consideration ; 2. to examine the practices in use for providing magistrates with impartial information ; 3. to [find out] whether parents ' solicitors experience difficulties in getting background history of cases from social services departments ; 4. to judge whether parents at are a disadvantage in court ; 5. to monitor how solicitors conduct their cases , and how they emply the various possible lines of argument of the code of practice on access ; 6. to discuss the underlying attitudes of the magistrates and social workers towards access to children in care , the reasons for their viewpoints and whether the publication of the code caused them to change any of their positions .

The research aims to discover how successful the formal language-planning has been in assisting the implementation of the policy of ‘ Swahiliization ’ .
the research aims to [find out] how successful the formal language-planning has been in assisting the implementation of the policy of ‘ swahiliization ’ .

to discover what are the influences on girls when they make occupational choices , and
to [find out] what are the influences on girls when they make occupational choices , and

This project sets out to discover how members of higher-income households decide who takes employment , of what kind , for what hours and on what terms .
this project sets out to [find out] how members of higher-income households decide who takes employment , of what kind , for what hours and on what terms .

The main aim is to discover what , if anything , differentiates those who commit acts of official deviancy from those who do not .
the main aim is to [find out] what , if anything , differentiates those who commit acts of official deviancy from those who do not .

The aim here is to discover who uses the temple , and in what circumstances .
the aim here is to [find out] who uses the temple , and in what circumstances .

The objective of the research is to discover how individuals , students and teachers , in a particular discipline experience that discipline .
the objective of the research is to [find out] how individuals , students and teachers , in a particular discipline experience that discipline .

It employs structured health behaviour questionnaires and informal , in-depth interview techniques to discover if there are regional variations in how people see health and illness , if these views affect the ways in which people need health care , and if these perceived needs are in turn related to the actual demand for and use of health care facilities .
it employs structured health behaviour questionnaires and informal , in-depth interview techniques to [find out] if there are regional variations in how people see health and illness , if these views affect the ways in which people need health care , and if these perceived needs are in turn related to the actual demand for and use of health care facilities .

He arrives in Massillon , Ohio , to discover the entire town of 30,000 people preparing for the big football game the next day .
he arrives in massillon , ohio , to [find out] the entire town of 30,000 people preparing for the big football game the next day .

It is sad to discover it is happening again .
it is sad to [find out] it is happening again .

Hire a four-wheel drive vehicle — there are lots of off-the-beaten-track spots to discover .
hire a four-wheel drive vehicle — there are lots of off-the-beaten-track spots to [find out] .

One major part of the ongoing work of the Working Party is to discover what opportunities are being provided by a range of different agencies and what your attitudes are to the provision of opportunities for young people .
one major part of the ongoing work of the working party is to [find out] what opportunities are being provided by a range of different agencies and what your attitudes are to the provision of opportunities for young people .

It seeks to discover how far recent crowd eruptions reflect feelings about the condition of the community rather than wider national concerns .
it seeks to [find out] how far recent crowd eruptions reflect feelings about the condition of the community rather than wider national concerns .

There are difficulties enough for us to cope with when we seek to discover what is ‘ the rent reserved by the letting ’ and these are the difficulties which exclusively engaged the attention of the court in this case .
there are difficulties enough for us to cope with when we seek to [find out] what is ‘ the rent reserved by the letting ’ and these are the difficulties which exclusively engaged the attention of the court in this case .

‘ At their first meeting together , Enya was pleasantly surprised to discover that Princess Diana just loves her music , ’ said a source close to Enya .
‘ at their first meeting together , enya was pleasantly surprised to [find out] that princess diana just loves her music , ’ said a source close to enya .

But when her hubby heard of her endeavours he hotfooted it upstairs only to discover that the sock where he had hidden £500 was gone .
but when her hubby heard of her endeavours he hotfooted it upstairs only to [find out] that the sock where he had hidden £500 was gone .

‘ It does however remove the humbug which leaves the elderly to discover that our current free health service is a sham .
‘ it does however remove the humbug which leaves the elderly to [find out] that our current free health service is a sham .

We have tried to discover how information is acquired , recorded and stored ; how it flows through the organization ; and what is done with it .
we have tried to [find out] how information is acquired , recorded and stored ; how it flows through the organization ; and what is done with it .

Many friends of the badger are forming badger vigils , to discover this cruelty and call the police to arrest wrong-doers .
many friends of the badger are forming badger vigils , to [find out] this cruelty and call the police to arrest wrong-doers .

Discover what jobs people do , why and how they do them .
[find out] what jobs people do , why and how they do them .

Presuming Husameddin to have read his manuscript accurately , therefore , one would have to consult further manuscripts to discover what Ibn Taghribirdi actually says .
presuming husameddin to have read his manuscript accurately , therefore , one would have to consult further manuscripts to [find out] what ibn taghribirdi actually says .

It had taken them almost two hundred and fifty of Quiss 's `` days `` to discover what the way out was .
it had taken them almost two hundred and fifty of quiss 's `` days `` to [find out] what the way out was .

`` Gloppo and his pal discover the joys of oral sex , the Freudians blow up the world , but that was going to happen anyway , and our two heroes live comparatively happily ever after . ``
`` gloppo and his pal [find out] the joys of oral sex , the freudians blow up the world , but that was going to happen anyway , and our two heroes live comparatively happily ever after . ``

It may be that one day we shall discover a complete unified theory that predicts them all , but it is also possible that some or all of them vary from universe to universe or within a single universe .
it may be that one day we shall [find out] a complete unified theory that predicts them all , but it is also possible that some or all of them vary from universe to universe or within a single universe .

There seems to be three possibilities : 1 ) There really is a complete unified theory , which we will someday discover if we are smart enough .
there seems to be three possibilities : 1 ) there really is a complete unified theory , which we will someday [find out] if we are smart enough .

On many occasions we have increased the sensitivity of our measurements or made a new class of observations , only to discover new phenomena that were not predicted by the existing theory , and to account for these we have had to develop a more advanced theory .
on many occasions we have increased the sensitivity of our measurements or made a new class of observations , only to [find out] new phenomena that were not predicted by the existing theory , and to account for these we have had to develop a more advanced theory .

What would it mean if we actually did discover the ultimate theory of the universe ?
what would it mean if we actually did [find out] the ultimate theory of the universe ?

Would Stephen ever discover that Timothy Gedge had not entirely told lies ?
would stephen ever [find out] that timothy gedge had not entirely told lies ?

Certainly in that plain , square classroom there would be bright , quick minds behind not a few of those dirty faces , and budding abilities , potential , which she — with so much leisure and ease and money — could surely discover ? Some clever little girl full of hope and fun and joy of living as Cara Adeane , the Irish dressmaker , must once have been . And what would one have made of Miss Adeane , Gemma wondered , had her talents been properly nurtured from the start ?
certainly in that plain , square classroom there would be bright , quick minds behind not a few of those dirty faces , and budding abilities , potential , which she — with so much leisure and ease and money — could surely [find out] ? some clever little girl full of hope and fun and joy of living as cara adeane , the irish dressmaker , must once have been . and what would one have made of miss adeane , gemma wondered , had her talents been properly nurtured from the start ?

And even if he did find her what more had he to offer her than before ? What , indeed , might he discover except ills that he still could not remedy , and wounds — both hers and his — that still could not be healed ?
and even if he did find her what more had he to offer her than before ? what , indeed , might he [find out] except ills that he still could not remedy , and wounds — both hers and his — that still could not be healed ?

There were too many other things to explore and discover .
there were too many other things to explore and [find out] .

In spite of their mutual dislike and hostility , he had helped her discover abilities and a depth of feeling she had n't dreamed she possessed .
in spite of their mutual dislike and hostility , he had helped her [find out] abilities and a depth of feeling she had n't dreamed she possessed .

The seller can give his instructions to the person in actual possession of the goods , but it may be difficult for him to discover who that is , if , for example , the goods are on the railways .
the seller can give his instructions to the person in actual possession of the goods , but it may be difficult for him to [find out] who that is , if , for example , the goods are on the railways .

‘ If you want revolution — sexual freedom , freedom of thought , freedom to discover who you really are — in short , if you want a new world and wo n't settle for less , then these journals are your only overt communications media .
‘ if you want revolution — sexual freedom , freedom of thought , freedom to [find out] who you really are — in short , if you want a new world and wo n't settle for less , then these journals are your only overt communications media .

Naturally we are disappointed to discover that the Lord Chancellor 's powers are as wide as that .
naturally we are disappointed to [find out] that the lord chancellor 's powers are as wide as that .

They followed up the cases for 12 months to discover how the accident had affected their general mental state , travel anxiety and their attitude to driving or being a passenger .
they followed up the cases for 12 months to [find out] how the accident had affected their general mental state , travel anxiety and their attitude to driving or being a passenger .

Woodline Design did not rest on any past laurels ; it was highly solvent and very successful , and it did n't take long for Merrill to discover that Luke was the driving force behind it , and that her initial impression of him as dynamic was something of an understatement .
woodline design did not rest on any past laurels ; it was highly solvent and very successful , and it did n't take long for merrill to [find out] that luke was the driving force behind it , and that her initial impression of him as dynamic was something of an understatement .

‘ Bruges is a place to discover on foot , as you 'll find out .
‘ bruges is a place to [find out] on foot , as you 'll find out .

Now , the cheats amongst us ( like me ) will discover that you can import graphics into the Cel editor , and will quickly come to the conclusion that very lifelike images can be formed by using a scanner to scan individual frames from a film , and then pick out the bits they want and place them on cels to form a small animated sequence .
now , the cheats amongst us ( like me ) will [find out] that you can import graphics into the cel editor , and will quickly come to the conclusion that very lifelike images can be formed by using a scanner to scan individual frames from a film , and then pick out the bits they want and place them on cels to form a small animated sequence .

If you wait for a few minutes , and it really can be that long , you might be surprised to discover that Windows un-freezes of its own accord .
if you wait for a few minutes , and it really can be that long , you might be surprised to [find out] that windows un-freezes of its own accord .

Either that or you will have decided to build that extension you 've both wanted for so long to put that rattan furniture in , and when it 's finished discover that the blessed stuff does n't fit at all .
either that or you will have decided to build that extension you 've both wanted for so long to put that rattan furniture in , and when it 's finished [find out] that the blessed stuff does n't fit at all .

As you progress various of your fellow adventurers are murdered — now you must discover the culprit as well !
as you progress various of your fellow adventurers are murdered — now you must [find out] the culprit as well !

The important things to discover are where the mounting slots and holes are .
the important things to [find out] are where the mounting slots and holes are .

You may have had to move the mounting screw pillars to new locations and now is the time you discover if you are correct .
you may have had to move the mounting screw pillars to new locations and now is the time you [find out] if you are correct .

Unfortunately however , these functions are poorly documented and it takes quite some time to discover how to use them .
unfortunately however , these functions are poorly documented and it takes quite some time to [find out] how to use them .

If you change the term to 10 years you will discover two things : first the column of results is n't wide enough and second , after increasing the column width , you find that the final amount is £1,638 including £438 interest and the earnings ratio is more than double , at 36.57 % .
if you change the term to 10 years you will [find out] two things : first the column of results is n't wide enough and second , after increasing the column width , you find that the final amount is £1,638 including £438 interest and the earnings ratio is more than double , at 36.57 % .

If you play around with the savings plan spreadsheet you will quickly discover that the earnings ratio is n't dependent on how much you put into the plan every month , only on how long you save for and the interest rate .
if you play around with the savings plan spreadsheet you will quickly [find out] that the earnings ratio is n't dependent on how much you put into the plan every month , only on how long you save for and the interest rate .

Within the tome , you will , like me , discover that the Laserwave Plus is , in truth , a Mediavision Pro-Audio Spectrum card in sheep 's clothing ( and at a much reduced price ) .
within the tome , you will , like me , [find out] that the laserwave plus is , in truth , a mediavision pro-audio spectrum card in sheep 's clothing ( and at a much reduced price ) .

If you go through the process and complete the invoice , and only then discover your mistake , you 've blown it .
if you go through the process and complete the invoice , and only then [find out] your mistake , you 've blown it .

If you produce an invoice , and on reading it onscreen discover that you have entered £350 instead of £250 , almost every Windows user will expect to drop a text cursor over the offending 3 and change it to a 2 .
if you produce an invoice , and on reading it onscreen [find out] that you have entered £350 instead of £250 , almost every windows user will expect to drop a text cursor over the offending 3 and change it to a 2 .

You can also use it to see how cells are related to one another and to discover circular references .
you can also use it to see how cells are related to one another and to [find out] circular references .

If you need to discover how you spend your time then you will find this spreadsheet very useful and even if you do n't then it contains some helpful tips for handling dates and times .
if you need to [find out] how you spend your time then you will find this spreadsheet very useful and even if you do n't then it contains some helpful tips for handling dates and times .

The most important aspect of living with imperfect software is to discover exactly what conditions cause the crash .
the most important aspect of living with imperfect software is to [find out] exactly what conditions cause the crash .

He said : ‘ They have made it a priority to discover a Yorkshire-born non-white player to play for them .
he said : ‘ they have made it a priority to [find out] a yorkshire-born non-white player to play for them .

Mark had been visiting , trying to establish some kind of contact with his exotic parishioners and hoping to discover likely boys and men to sing in the choir and serve at the altar .
mark had been visiting , trying to establish some kind of contact with his exotic parishioners and hoping to [find out] likely boys and men to sing in the choir and serve at the altar .

She was faintly perplexed to discover the thought brought no pleasure .
she was faintly perplexed to [find out] the thought brought no pleasure .

’ She gazed up at him , genuinely astounded by his anger , yet equally taken aback to discover just how desperately she wanted to hurl herself into his arms .
’ she gazed up at him , genuinely astounded by his anger , yet equally taken aback to [find out] just how desperately she wanted to hurl herself into his arms .

But he 'd discover she was n't the malleable little miss , if he tried to push her too far .
but he 'd [find out] she was n't the malleable little miss , if he tried to push her too far .

It was aggravating in the extreme to discover him there , just when she had hoped to find the launch deserted .
it was aggravating in the extreme to [find out] him there , just when she had hoped to find the launch deserted .

Aware that the Danes were famous for their elegant designs and their ‘ down comforters ’ she was n't surprised to find her single bed covered by a thick duvet quilt , or to discover the fitted furniture was simply but efficiently styled .
aware that the danes were famous for their elegant designs and their ‘ down comforters ’ she was n't surprised to find her single bed covered by a thick duvet quilt , or to [find out] the fitted furniture was simply but efficiently styled .

Her first surprise on reaching the street was to discover that Rune had a sleek dark blue Mercedes parked outside .
her first surprise on reaching the street was to [find out] that rune had a sleek dark blue mercedes parked outside .

Against this background , Nicola Diamond introduces the ideas of Jacques Lacan , one theorist who believes the project to discover the real face will always remain a fantasy .
against this background , nicola diamond introduces the ideas of jacques lacan , one theorist who believes the project to [find out] the real face will always remain a fantasy .

But , for Jacques Lacan and other psychoanalytic theorists , the project to discover the real face remains a fantasy .
but , for jacques lacan and other psychoanalytic theorists , the project to [find out] the real face remains a fantasy .

To discover that real face that is our own amongst the images , the image of a face that will give us a face once and for all time , remains a fantasy rather than a realisable project .
to [find out] that real face that is our own amongst the images , the image of a face that will give us a face once and for all time , remains a fantasy rather than a realisable project .

Now here he was in Simanggang with his mosquito nets , journals , chronometers , compasses , barometer , medicine cabinet , guns and one offspring , out to cure himself or discover a New Way of Thought , whichever would cause most trouble in a world already tormented by too much belief .
now here he was in simanggang with his mosquito nets , journals , chronometers , compasses , barometer , medicine cabinet , guns and one offspring , out to cure himself or [find out] a new way of thought , whichever would cause most trouble in a world already tormented by too much belief .

To discover a new species would be a wonderful thing .
to [find out] a new species would be a wonderful thing .

As the disembarked men were being lined up to march , a detail of mercenaries went from heap to heap , spiking those who still lived and removing what valuables they could discover .
as the disembarked men were being lined up to march , a detail of mercenaries went from heap to heap , spiking those who still lived and removing what valuables they could [find out] .

Together , they find contentment , then discover she is to have his child .
together , they find contentment , then [find out] she is to have his child .

He was to discover , after a staggering journey of 19 months and 3,450 miles , during which he came to within 150 miles of the centre of the continent , that no paradise such as he had imagined existed .
he was to [find out] , after a staggering journey of 19 months and 3,450 miles , during which he came to within 150 miles of the centre of the continent , that no paradise such as he had imagined existed .

Robert had still not been able to discover the headmaster 's first name , although on occasions Malik had asked to be addressed as Abdul , while making it clear that this was not his name .
robert had still not been able to [find out] the headmaster 's first name , although on occasions malik had asked to be addressed as abdul , while making it clear that this was not his name .

Under such circumstances it was normally assumed that , although the Monarch would probably seek advice in order to discover what persons would be acceptable to the party in power , yet for the final choice she alone was morally and constitutionally responsible .
under such circumstances it was normally assumed that , although the monarch would probably seek advice in order to [find out] what persons would be acceptable to the party in power , yet for the final choice she alone was morally and constitutionally responsible .

My immediate thought was that Frankenstein had encounted a bear , and might at any moment come dashing back and discover me .
my immediate thought was that frankenstein had encounted a bear , and might at any moment come dashing back and [find out] me .

She had set to with a will , but had been dismayed to discover that her appetite did not match it .
she had set to with a will , but had been dismayed to [find out] that her appetite did not match it .

Theda had been horrified to discover , by daylight that next day , how filthy was the condition in which the poor lady was left .
theda had been horrified to [find out] , by daylight that next day , how filthy was the condition in which the poor lady was left .

She was annoyed to discover that Wendy was not in fact married to Ken : it meant she had to tear up one certificate and start making out another .
she was annoyed to [find out] that wendy was not in fact married to ken : it meant she had to tear up one certificate and start making out another .

The incumbent may discover a new process or product , patent it , but not actually introduce it .
the incumbent may [find out] a new process or product , patent it , but not actually introduce it .

It caused him to look back in some compunction , in case he had lied to discover what he wanted to know ; but he could find no lies .
it caused him to look back in some compunction , in case he had lied to [find out] what he wanted to know ; but he could find no lies .

Still staring up at him , she tried to discover if he was making the same connections as herself , but his face gave absolutely nothing away , and yet , when he 'd first opened the door , she 'd thought he 'd looked disappointed .
still staring up at him , she tried to [find out] if he was making the same connections as herself , but his face gave absolutely nothing away , and yet , when he 'd first opened the door , she 'd thought he 'd looked disappointed .

‘ Not then , no , because the scheme we 'd concocted was that my ‘ husband ’ was a soldier , who 'd died abroad , and everyone would , hopefully , have continued to believe it , if Phena had n't flounced off to England to discover her roots !
‘ not then , no , because the scheme we 'd concocted was that my ‘ husband ’ was a soldier , who 'd died abroad , and everyone would , hopefully , have continued to believe it , if phena had n't flounced off to england to [find out] her roots !

Closing her eyes , she melted into his embrace , willingly parted her mouth for him — and she truly had n't known , until now , how many ways there were to kiss — or what a gloriously long time it would take to discover them all .
closing her eyes , she melted into his embrace , willingly parted her mouth for him — and she truly had n't known , until now , how many ways there were to kiss — or what a gloriously long time it would take to [find out] them all .

All that hit the floor was a glossy leaflet inviting her to discover the magic of Christmas at the local hypermarket .
all that hit the floor was a glossy leaflet inviting her to [find out] the magic of christmas at the local hypermarket .

She knew Eddie 's gambling had had disastrous consequences for her family , but it had been a terrible shock to discover he had taken so much from his best friend as well .
she knew eddie 's gambling had had disastrous consequences for her family , but it had been a terrible shock to [find out] he had taken so much from his best friend as well .

Physically she had to admit he still turned her on and probably always would , but , having found out just how irritating he could be to live with she was furious to discover that his sex appeal was far too potent a force for her feelings to be seriously affected , no matter how cross with him she felt at the moment .
physically she had to admit he still turned her on and probably always would , but , having found out just how irritating he could be to live with she was furious to [find out] that his sex appeal was far too potent a force for her feelings to be seriously affected , no matter how cross with him she felt at the moment .

All the same she was mortified to discover on returning much later to the apartment that the detested clothes were waiting for her in her room .
all the same she was mortified to [find out] on returning much later to the apartment that the detested clothes were waiting for her in her room .

Somehow she was afraid that she would discover things she was better not knowing .
somehow she was afraid that she would [find out] things she was better not knowing .

He owed his life to his men , he said , and he had been horrified to discover the conditions in which they lived at home , particularly in the towns — he being a gentleman , you see , and always living in the country in comfort .
he owed his life to his men , he said , and he had been horrified to [find out] the conditions in which they lived at home , particularly in the towns — he being a gentleman , you see , and always living in the country in comfort .

It was the very last thing he had expected to discover given McAllister 's fiery and impetuous nature .
it was the very last thing he had expected to [find out] given mcallister 's fiery and impetuous nature .

‘ Come on Sally-Anne ; never say die ! ’ And before Sally-Anne could do anything about it the tall young man was tucking her arm in his , and walking her briskly along at such a pace that she was horrified to discover that Rose and her companion were gone , lost behind them as fresh crowds emerged from yet more emptying theatres and dance halls .
‘ come on sally-anne ; never say die ! ’ and before sally-anne could do anything about it the tall young man was tucking her arm in his , and walking her briskly along at such a pace that she was horrified to [find out] that rose and her companion were gone , lost behind them as fresh crowds emerged from yet more emptying theatres and dance halls .

He entered the parlour , only to discover that he was not alone , after all .
he entered the parlour , only to [find out] that he was not alone , after all .

Feeling more than ever like a cur , Neil turned the pages — but it was all of her that was left to him — and , he told himself firmly , he would read just enough to discover the truth about her … and why she had hoarded the cuttings .
feeling more than ever like a cur , neil turned the pages — but it was all of her that was left to him — and , he told himself firmly , he would read just enough to [find out] the truth about her … and why she had hoarded the cuttings .

‘ But our main task is to discover the identity of the traitor Raphael and bring to justice the murderers of Falconer and Waldegrave .
‘ but our main task is to [find out] the identity of the traitor raphael and bring to justice the murderers of falconer and waldegrave .

If you could discover that , then perhaps we can find out who Raphael is .
if you could [find out] that , then perhaps we can find out who raphael is .

His goal was to discover a way of reconciling mechanism and science with the harmony which he perceived in the natural world , and with a life of individual creative freedom .
his goal was to [find out] a way of reconciling mechanism and science with the harmony which he perceived in the natural world , and with a life of individual creative freedom .

The slavers knew what their slaves were about to discover — that language is a form of power .
the slavers knew what their slaves were about to [find out] — that language is a form of power .

As the Chinese proverb has it : ‘ The fish will be the last to discover the water ’ .
as the chinese proverb has it : ‘ the fish will be the last to [find out] the water ’ .

Each child is genetically equipped to cope with any of these rules but must discover from its surroundings which option its own language has taken .
each child is genetically equipped to cope with any of these rules but must [find out] from its surroundings which option its own language has taken .

Uproar breaks out in Nigeria during 1988 , when officials discover that an Italian ship has illegally dumped toxic waste at the small delta port of Koko .
uproar breaks out in nigeria during 1988 , when officials [find out] that an italian ship has illegally dumped toxic waste at the small delta port of koko .

The residents complain to the city council that gave them the land — and discover that it has now designated the area as a garbage dump .
the residents complain to the city council that gave them the land — and [find out] that it has now designated the area as a garbage dump .

We really discover the extent of the difficulties facing the industry when we consider training .
we really [find out] the extent of the difficulties facing the industry when we consider training .

Prisons would come well down the list of priorities should Labour ever be in government , and those working in the prisons would soon discover that , too .
prisons would come well down the list of priorities should labour ever be in government , and those working in the prisons would soon [find out] that , too .

The applicant can contact the Housing Executive or the grant officer to discover who is on the list .
the applicant can contact the housing executive or the grant officer to [find out] who is on the list .

As you are probably aware , when astronomers discover a new star , there are special procedures for registering it .
as you are probably aware , when astronomers [find out] a new star , there are special procedures for registering it .

Some of the people who complain most bitterly about the community charge are those who discover after their homes have been repossessed that they must pay the charge not only on their new property — because it is imposed on the individual — but on the property which they lost , and which they thought was now the responsibility of the building society .
some of the people who complain most bitterly about the community charge are those who [find out] after their homes have been repossessed that they must pay the charge not only on their new property — because it is imposed on the individual — but on the property which they lost , and which they thought was now the responsibility of the building society .

They discover to their horror that they are still legally liable .
they [find out] to their horror that they are still legally liable .

First , a teacher may discover evidence of non-accidental injuries or other abuse of a child at school .
first , a teacher may [find out] evidence of non-accidental injuries or other abuse of a child at school .

As we become more successful in delivering health care in the community , we discover things that we should have been doing in the past but have not done .
as we become more successful in delivering health care in the community , we [find out] things that we should have been doing in the past but have not done .

Nor had it taken her long to discover the source of her aunt 's woes , and now the reason for them returned to her mind .
nor had it taken her long to [find out] the source of her aunt 's woes , and now the reason for them returned to her mind .

As she stared up at the height a voice spoke from behind her , and she turned to discover that Silas Wilder had followed her down the track .
as she stared up at the height a voice spoke from behind her , and she turned to [find out] that silas wilder had followed her down the track .

Lucy followed to discover that food hampers were already in place , and that there were labelled zipper bags which , she guessed , contained warm clothes for the rafters to change into after their hot showers .
lucy followed to [find out] that food hampers were already in place , and that there were labelled zipper bags which , she guessed , contained warm clothes for the rafters to change into after their hot showers .

She peeped into a foil-covered delicacy to discover split bananas filled with chocolate and walnuts for dessert .
she peeped into a foil-covered delicacy to [find out] split bananas filled with chocolate and walnuts for dessert .

Startled , she turned to discover the dark-haired woman glaring at her through eyes that were like burning coals .
startled , she turned to [find out] the dark-haired woman glaring at her through eyes that were like burning coals .

She attended to it , to discover the only message on it was from Bill Martin .
she attended to it , to [find out] the only message on it was from bill martin .

Will my hon. Friend suggest that hospitals in the Sheffield health authority area considering trust status should visit the Walsall trust hospital in the west midlands , where they will discover that in the first three months of this year 1,100 more patients were treated than in the year before — a 13 per cent . increase ? Is not that evidence that hospital trusts work ?
will my hon. friend suggest that hospitals in the sheffield health authority area considering trust status should visit the walsall trust hospital in the west midlands , where they will [find out] that in the first three months of this year 1,100 more patients were treated than in the year before — a 13 per cent . increase ? is not that evidence that hospital trusts work ?

When the Minister reads that report , which has already been widely leaked , he will discover that 11 per cent .
when the minister reads that report , which has already been widely leaked , he will [find out] that 11 per cent .

As well as North sea oil , we have also been fortunate enough to discover gas in the North sea .
as well as north sea oil , we have also been fortunate enough to [find out] gas in the north sea .

No one would have guessed from that question that every one of the farmers affected has been paid regularly while we carry out the necessary tests to discover what has caused the problem .
no one would have guessed from that question that every one of the farmers affected has been paid regularly while we carry out the necessary tests to [find out] what has caused the problem .

As far as anyone can understand or discover what that cliche means , it seems to be a return to the old , discredited rating system .
as far as anyone can understand or [find out] what that cliche means , it seems to be a return to the old , discredited rating system .

What will the Scottish electorate think when they discover what the millionaire Secretary of State for the Environment , who is sitting on the right hon. Gentleman 's left , has to pay ? Will they think that he is getting a massive discount , as he will have to pay only a small amount ? No doubt the Scottish electorate will think that he drafted the Bill to suit himself .
what will the scottish electorate think when they [find out] what the millionaire secretary of state for the environment , who is sitting on the right hon. gentleman 's left , has to pay ? will they think that he is getting a massive discount , as he will have to pay only a small amount ? no doubt the scottish electorate will think that he drafted the bill to suit himself .

Members believe that the Secretary of State should immediately instruct the Director General of Fair Trading to review the position urgently and in detail , so that we can discover whether there is still some possibility of saving something from this awful mess .
members believe that the secretary of state should immediately instruct the director general of fair trading to review the position urgently and in detail , so that we can [find out] whether there is still some possibility of saving something from this awful mess .

Where he projected an agreed consensus among Elizabethans as to what the world picture consisted of , we now discover contention and subversion .
where he projected an agreed consensus among elizabethans as to what the world picture consisted of , we now [find out] contention and subversion .

It is appropriate to try to discover if such institutions were ever actually the way they had been previously presented by a scholarship interested ( even if it did not declare its interest ) in constructing its own version of the past to answer its own preoccupations .
it is appropriate to try to [find out] if such institutions were ever actually the way they had been previously presented by a scholarship interested ( even if it did not declare its interest ) in constructing its own version of the past to answer its own preoccupations .

By articulating and then exploring these assumptions we discover the cultural and institutional process which has helped to create and sustain these canons .
by articulating and then exploring these assumptions we [find out] the cultural and institutional process which has helped to create and sustain these canons .

There may be a restrictiveness in the range of cultural structures illuminated , but attempting to determine at least some of the cultural webs which emerged during the Renaissance and trying to discover why they were spun indicates the dynamism of cultural representation .
there may be a restrictiveness in the range of cultural structures illuminated , but attempting to determine at least some of the cultural webs which emerged during the renaissance and trying to [find out] why they were spun indicates the dynamism of cultural representation .

Much recent historicist revisionism within the early modern period has been particularly vocal in opposing those who attempt to discover an organised political character among those groups outside the formal organisation of official state policy .
much recent historicist revisionism within the early modern period has been particularly vocal in opposing those who attempt to [find out] an organised political character among those groups outside the formal organisation of official state policy .

As so often , the law endeavours to discover the intention of the parties .
as so often , the law endeavours to [find out] the intention of the parties .

One is attempting to discover what was the intention of the parties at the time they made the contract .
one is attempting to [find out] what was the intention of the parties at the time they made the contract .

Often even the diligent searcher will fail to discover when the parties intended property to pass .
often even the diligent searcher will fail to [find out] when the parties intended property to pass .

This meant that an innocent purchaser could buy a car from such a hirer only to discover at some later date that the car did not after all belong to him .
this meant that an innocent purchaser could buy a car from such a hirer only to [find out] at some later date that the car did not after all belong to him .

He was probing , she realised , trying to discover if that ‘ life ’ included a man .
he was probing , she realised , trying to [find out] if that ‘ life ’ included a man .

As we will discover , this difference in the conceptions of the task and purpose of price theory has far-reaching implications for the methods and the substantive content of the alternative approaches .
as we will [find out] , this difference in the conceptions of the task and purpose of price theory has far-reaching implications for the methods and the substantive content of the alternative approaches .

Buyers who have paid high prices do not discover that they could have obtained the same goods at lower prices ; sellers who have sold for low prices do not discover that they could have obtained higher prices .
buyers who have paid high prices do not [find out] that they could have obtained the same goods at lower prices ; sellers who have sold for low prices do not [find out] that they could have obtained higher prices .

He will be unable to discover possibilities of buying from those who underestimated the eagerness of potential buyers and of then selling to these eager buyers ( who might in turn have underestimated the eagerness of the sellers ) .
he will be unable to [find out] possibilities of buying from those who underestimated the eagerness of potential buyers and of then selling to these eager buyers ( who might in turn have underestimated the eagerness of the sellers ) .

[ … ] Neo-classical theories failed to perceive that the characteristic features of the real world ( to which nothing in the perfectly competitive model corresponds ) are simply the manifestations of entrepreneurial competition , a process in which would-be buyers and sellers gropingly seek to discover each other 's supply and demand curves .
[ … ] neo-classical theories failed to perceive that the characteristic features of the real world ( to which nothing in the perfectly competitive model corresponds ) are simply the manifestations of entrepreneurial competition , a process in which would-be buyers and sellers gropingly seek to [find out] each other 's supply and demand curves .

The aims of the project are to investigate the development of attitudes towards everyday objects , names , and tunes , and to discover why liking for such things sometimes increases and sometimes declines when they become more familiar .
the aims of the project are to investigate the development of attitudes towards everyday objects , names , and tunes , and to [find out] why liking for such things sometimes increases and sometimes declines when they become more familiar .

The general approach adopted in the current research is to discover the task settings that maximize young children 's spatial performance , and to investigate the degree to which performance transfers from these to other settings .
the general approach adopted in the current research is to [find out] the task settings that maximize young children 's spatial performance , and to investigate the degree to which performance transfers from these to other settings .

The aim of the project is to try to discover the processes by which this efficiency is attained , which could be of great value in the design of automatic systems of face recognition .
the aim of the project is to try to [find out] the processes by which this efficiency is attained , which could be of great value in the design of automatic systems of face recognition .

The problem is to discover the procedures by which high-level units bring this about .
the problem is to [find out] the procedures by which high-level units bring this about .

The aim is to discover which factors are important for promoting the development of such children and also those responsible for impeding good development .
the aim is to [find out] which factors are important for promoting the development of such children and also those responsible for impeding good development .

It is a good idea to turn the main stopcock off and on once or twice each year to keep its mechanism free and not wait for an emergency to discover that it has jammed open .
it is a good idea to turn the main stopcock off and on once or twice each year to keep its mechanism free and not wait for an emergency to [find out] that it has jammed open .

‘ She does n't have to discover it , ’ he retorted in exasperation .
‘ she does n't have to [find out] it , ’ he retorted in exasperation .

And while he was about it , Guy told himself savagely , he had better discover what little plot Isabel had in mind once she reached Winchester .
and while he was about it , guy told himself savagely , he had better [find out] what little plot isabel had in mind once she reached winchester .

She glanced down , to discover she was hugging the very edge of the mattress .
she glanced down , to [find out] she was hugging the very edge of the mattress .

Not to mention his probable reaction should he discover the truth .
not to mention his probable reaction should he [find out] the truth .

If she could then convince Rainald that it might be a few days before she was granted another opportunity to meet him , and if she could discover how many spies the Empress had in Winchester , the precious time gained might be used to save Edmund .
if she could then convince rainald that it might be a few days before she was granted another opportunity to meet him , and if she could [find out] how many spies the empress had in winchester , the precious time gained might be used to save edmund .

Somehow she must discover the extent of the threat to Edmund 's life .
somehow she must [find out] the extent of the threat to edmund 's life .

There would be no chance to tell fitzAlan the truth , no chance to discover how he felt about her , no chance at life and happiness .
there would be no chance to tell fitzalan the truth , no chance to [find out] how he felt about her , no chance at life and happiness .

This , in turn , depends upon users and user interests ; it may be necessary to conduct a survey to discover or update the profile of user interests .
this , in turn , depends upon users and user interests ; it may be necessary to conduct a survey to [find out] or update the profile of user interests .

We might then perform a string search on the term ‘ Greenhouses ’ to discover whether this term appeared in the text of any of the documents retrieved by the original search .
we might then perform a string search on the term ‘ greenhouses ’ to [find out] whether this term appeared in the text of any of the documents retrieved by the original search .

‘ Then perhaps they 'll discover soon who the guilty party is . ’
‘ then perhaps they 'll [find out] soon who the guilty party is . ’

In a moment she would open her eyes to discover that it had all been an incredible , fantastical dream .
in a moment she would open her eyes to [find out] that it had all been an incredible , fantastical dream .

This further complicates our task , which is to discover whether β is statistically different from one .
this further complicates our task , which is to [find out] whether β is statistically different from one .

‘ How did Hopkins discover this ? ’ Benjamin asked .
‘ how did hopkins [find out] this ? ’ benjamin asked .

‘ Then , Sir Edmund , ’ Eadred replied coolly , ‘ discover such evidence . ’
‘ then , sir edmund , ’ eadred replied coolly , ‘ [find out] such evidence . ’

‘ So how did you discover this ? ’
‘ so how did you [find out] this ? ’

How alarmed you must have been to discover she was receiving secret messages from some mysterious adviser , who also promised he would arrange her escape from Godstowe !
how alarmed you must have been to [find out] she was receiving secret messages from some mysterious adviser , who also promised he would arrange her escape from godstowe !

Whether they liked it or not , they became your accomplices ; Lady Eleanor 's death was made so confusing , no one would ever discover the truth .
whether they liked it or not , they became your accomplices ; lady eleanor 's death was made so confusing , no one would ever [find out] the truth .

You may rest assured , Sir Richard , that in the end we will discover the truth and the murderer , whoever he or she may be , will hang at the Elms for all London to see !
you may rest assured , sir richard , that in the end we will [find out] the truth and the murderer , whoever he or she may be , will hang at the elms for all london to see !

She was beginning to discover that Lucenzo chose his words carefully and he did n't indulge in idle remarks or mere social chit-chat .
she was beginning to [find out] that lucenzo chose his words carefully and he did n't indulge in idle remarks or mere social chit-chat .

‘ You 'll discover my true feelings for you , ’ he said in a low tone .
‘ you 'll [find out] my true feelings for you , ’ he said in a low tone .

So far , quantitative measurements have mainly been done in order to discover the nature of the emitting centres , but there is considerable scope for using emission spectra from different growth zones in crystals as ‘ fingerprints ’ in establishing carbonate cement stratigraphies ( see below ) on a more certain and detailed basis .
so far , quantitative measurements have mainly been done in order to [find out] the nature of the emitting centres , but there is considerable scope for using emission spectra from different growth zones in crystals as ‘ fingerprints ’ in establishing carbonate cement stratigraphies ( see below ) on a more certain and detailed basis .

He had just glanced at his wristwatch , to discover that Cunningham 's arrival still lay approximately two replays of Little Brown Jug in the future , when a woman slid onto the next bar-stool to his and said : ‘ Hello , Harry , ’ in a tone of husky confidence which suggested they had been lifelong friends .
he had just glanced at his wristwatch , to [find out] that cunningham 's arrival still lay approximately two replays of little brown jug in the future , when a woman slid onto the next bar-stool to his and said : ‘ hello , harry , ’ in a tone of husky confidence which suggested they had been lifelong friends .

They might yet discover that someone else was guilty , but he did not think so .
they might yet [find out] that someone else was guilty , but he did not think so .

The girl 's body had been laid out just as the others , and it had been the work of a moment to discover the tiny stab wound under the soft left breast .
the girl 's body had been laid out just as the others , and it had been the work of a moment to [find out] the tiny stab wound under the soft left breast .

Yes , it had been the worst possible way to discover his betrayal .
yes , it had been the worst possible way to [find out] his betrayal .

If you discover some wonderful patterns or general algebraic relationships hidden in the structure of the problem it can be very tempting to steer pupils towards them and generate a feeling of disappointment if they do not get there .
if you [find out] some wonderful patterns or general algebraic relationships hidden in the structure of the problem it can be very tempting to steer pupils towards them and generate a feeling of disappointment if they do not get there .

She had a respect for people who knew their subject , and she was here to discover Aurae Phiala ; he could be very useful to her .
she had a respect for people who knew their subject , and she was here to [find out] aurae phiala ; he could be very useful to her .

discover teachers ' reasons for selection and use of the most popular texts ;
[find out] teachers ' reasons for selection and use of the most popular texts ;

discover any differences of perception regarding ‘ what counts ’ as stereotypical portrayal ;
[find out] any differences of perception regarding ‘ what counts ’ as stereotypical portrayal ;

Confrontation with a novel or unexpected event , in which few replicative aspects are evident , may mean that inappropriate constructs come to be applied as when a viewer orientated towards figurative painting attempts to discover recognizable content with an abstract work .
confrontation with a novel or unexpected event , in which few replicative aspects are evident , may mean that inappropriate constructs come to be applied as when a viewer orientated towards figurative painting attempts to [find out] recognizable content with an abstract work .

How , Ian wondered , would he discover which was true ?
how , ian wondered , would he [find out] which was true ?

The lake rarely freezes so we have little opportunity to discover our ice-legs .
the lake rarely freezes so we have little opportunity to [find out] our ice-legs .

It needed no especial acuteness of perception in Hilary Frome to discover that Penny Warlock was the axle around which the sexual activity of the Staff Common Room revolved .
it needed no especial acuteness of perception in hilary frome to [find out] that penny warlock was the axle around which the sexual activity of the staff common room revolved .

Edith was already up , and had awoken him with her cries of woe when she drew back the heavy plush curtains to discover grey skies and drizzle .
edith was already up , and had awoken him with her cries of woe when she drew back the heavy plush curtains to [find out] grey skies and drizzle .

If you investigate , you will discover that his detective and valet have also vanished .
if you investigate , you will [find out] that his detective and valet have also vanished .

The reason for that , he was to discover , was that Mr Multhrop had made speedy arrangements with the Albion and Grant Hotels to serve luncheon , his own kitchens being hors de combat .
the reason for that , he was to [find out] , was that mr multhrop had made speedy arrangements with the albion and grant hotels to serve luncheon , his own kitchens being hors de combat .

He had no wish to confess that he had visited Madame Mantela , a lady palmist in Margate , in order to discover what his future might hold , the results of which had been far from reassuring .
he had no wish to confess that he had visited madame mantela , a lady palmist in margate , in order to [find out] what his future might hold , the results of which had been far from reassuring .

He returned thoughtfully to the Saint Pierre au gratin , only to discover that matters had not progressed well in his absence .
he returned thoughtfully to the saint pierre au gratin , only to [find out] that matters had not progressed well in his absence .

Sladen waited nervously for somebody to say something , then asked tentatively : ‘ Well … if we are n't to discover who , is it possible to find out something about why ? ’
sladen waited nervously for somebody to say something , then asked tentatively : ‘ well … if we are n't to [find out] who , is it possible to find out something about why ? ’

But all he could discover was that Gustav 's roadname had been Schickert , and the marriage certificate at Sangerhausen .
but all he could [find out] was that gustav 's roadname had been schickert , and the marriage certificate at sangerhausen .

Walkers and cyclists can be attracted to long-distance tracks by the chance to discover and learn about the history of the local communities they pass through .
walkers and cyclists can be attracted to long-distance tracks by the chance to [find out] and learn about the history of the local communities they pass through .

Each needs to find time to discover what exactly such issues as intellectualism , world consciousness , political awareness and moral values mean to their professional lives .
each needs to find time to [find out] what exactly such issues as intellectualism , world consciousness , political awareness and moral values mean to their professional lives .

The more we discover about the interactions of world poverty , ecoclimate , world trade arrangements , debt , etc .
the more we [find out] about the interactions of world poverty , ecoclimate , world trade arrangements , debt , etc .

Perhaps in the post-election ferment of thinking about where Scotland goes now it is even more important that we seek to discover the appropriate role for Christian Aid in that .
perhaps in the post-election ferment of thinking about where scotland goes now it is even more important that we seek to [find out] the appropriate role for christian aid in that .

If he reasonably does not discover his right until a short time before the last days of the three months have elapsed , then obviously it would probably not be reasonably practicable to give notice in time .
if he reasonably does not [find out] his right until a short time before the last days of the three months have elapsed , then obviously it would probably not be reasonably practicable to give notice in time .

John and wife Pam had written off to appear on the programme only to discover there were 10,000 applicants .
john and wife pam had written off to appear on the programme only to [find out] there were 10,000 applicants .

‘ How often in the course of driving a car , taking a walk , or some routine activity , do you ‘ wake up ’ to discover that , for the moment at least , you have no recollection of the places you have just passed through or the things you have just done ? ’
‘ how often in the course of driving a car , taking a walk , or some routine activity , do you ‘ wake up ’ to [find out] that , for the moment at least , you have no recollection of the places you have just passed through or the things you have just done ? ’

Secondly , this study aimed to discover as much as possible of the information which is potentially available to drivers , not just the occasional item of particular interest .
secondly , this study aimed to [find out] as much as possible of the information which is potentially available to drivers , not just the occasional item of particular interest .

It is no surprise to discover its presence , since it must surely belong to a very early stage in the mental development of the human species ; indeed insofar as it represents one aspect of the principle of treating like as like , it can be seen as common perceptual property for all sentient organisms .
it is no surprise to [find out] its presence , since it must surely belong to a very early stage in the mental development of the human species ; indeed insofar as it represents one aspect of the principle of treating like as like , it can be seen as common perceptual property for all sentient organisms .

By simply testing the instances of associative adjectives already given , we soon discover that they are subject to a general exclusion from predicative position .
by simply testing the instances of associative adjectives already given , we soon [find out] that they are subject to a general exclusion from predicative position .

The desire to `` discover `` useful texts sometimes led to forgeries , as the False Decretals .
the desire to `` [find out] `` useful texts sometimes led to forgeries , as the false decretals .

It is a pity not because sociology can not become like physics or , indeed , become a science — it is far too early for us to decide about either of these and related questions — but because sociology looked outside itself in order to discover the appropriate model of science to follow and , as it happened , it looked toward philosophical versions of science rather than to the practices of the sciences themselves .
it is a pity not because sociology can not become like physics or , indeed , become a science — it is far too early for us to decide about either of these and related questions — but because sociology looked outside itself in order to [find out] the appropriate model of science to follow and , as it happened , it looked toward philosophical versions of science rather than to the practices of the sciences themselves .

Used originally to discover demographic facts about a population , this was later widened into seeking from respondents facts of other sorts , such as marital status , housing conditions , levels of education , leisure use , and even attitudinal materials .
used originally to [find out] demographic facts about a population , this was later widened into seeking from respondents facts of other sorts , such as marital status , housing conditions , levels of education , leisure use , and even attitudinal materials .

Social science is concerned to understand , explain if you will , the social origins , context and consequences of what the members of society do , the relationships they form , what they believe in , think about , pray to , fight about , collaborate on , discover , create , build , buy and sell , produce , and so on .
social science is concerned to understand , explain if you will , the social origins , context and consequences of what the members of society do , the relationships they form , what they believe in , think about , pray to , fight about , collaborate on , [find out] , create , build , buy and sell , produce , and so on .

The early proponents of the explanatory survey felt that they could , through the logic of variable analysis , closely approximate to the experimental model using non-experimental data and , through the patient accumulation of findings discover law-like relationships about the nature and processes of social life .
the early proponents of the explanatory survey felt that they could , through the logic of variable analysis , closely approximate to the experimental model using non-experimental data and , through the patient accumulation of findings [find out] law-like relationships about the nature and processes of social life .

For one thing , the Lazarsfeldian method is empiricist , that is concerned to discover empirical regularities or patterns among phenomena .
for one thing , the lazarsfeldian method is empiricist , that is concerned to [find out] empirical regularities or patterns among phenomena .

It would not , in other words , discover gravity .
it would not , in other words , [find out] gravity .

Children need time to experiment , to learn , to discover for themselves , to talk about what they have found and share experiences .
children need time to experiment , to learn , to [find out] for themselves , to talk about what they have found and share experiences .

My belief is that at Co-ordinators Meeting we should examine that concern and discover a workable and economic way of expressing it .
my belief is that at co-ordinators meeting we should examine that concern and [find out] a workable and economic way of expressing it .

Clearly , however , it remains significant to discover the extent of physical disturbance of the building or the land involved in the removal of the object .
clearly , however , it remains significant to [find out] the extent of physical disturbance of the building or the land involved in the removal of the object .

An example is when a drunken student takes a flashing yellow light from a road excavation , puts it into his bedroom , wakes up to discover it there , and decides to keep it .
an example is when a drunken student takes a flashing yellow light from a road excavation , puts it into his bedroom , wakes up to [find out] it there , and decides to keep it .

Two British soil chemists , Thompson and Spence , were the first to discover in 1845 that natural materials such as zeolites ( alumino silicates ) and greensands had properties for exchanging alkalis and acids .
two british soil chemists , thompson and spence , were the first to [find out] in 1845 that natural materials such as zeolites ( alumino silicates ) and greensands had properties for exchanging alkalis and acids .

The problem in devising a search strategy is to discover what information justifies focusing on just some of the many possible interpretations , and then to decide how that information can be obtained and used .
the problem in devising a search strategy is to [find out] what information justifies focusing on just some of the many possible interpretations , and then to decide how that information can be obtained and used .

But , nevertheless , the House of Lords held that a manufacturer who sold food or medicine or the like in containers of a nature that the distributor or ultimate purchasers or consumers could not discover the defect by inspection is under a legal duty to the ultimate purchaser or consumer to take reasonable care that the article is free from defect likely to cause injury to health .
but , nevertheless , the house of lords held that a manufacturer who sold food or medicine or the like in containers of a nature that the distributor or ultimate purchasers or consumers could not [find out] the defect by inspection is under a legal duty to the ultimate purchaser or consumer to take reasonable care that the article is free from defect likely to cause injury to health .

It is with stanza 3 that we really discover that we are in the fabliau mode , not the romance .
it is with stanza 3 that we really [find out] that we are in the fabliau mode , not the romance .

And it is not easy to discover any more covert or sophisticated moral view of the characters and the events of the poem : it does not dwell in any suggestive way on the irremediable carnality of human desires , and only with a degree of distortion and uncalled for determination could we assert that the poem is significantly antifeminist or anticlerical .
and it is not easy to [find out] any more covert or sophisticated moral view of the characters and the events of the poem : it does not dwell in any suggestive way on the irremediable carnality of human desires , and only with a degree of distortion and uncalled for determination could we assert that the poem is significantly antifeminist or anticlerical .

Interpreting the music well takes hours of listening to discover its subtleties of phrasing , rhythm and mood ; then more time should be spent on experimentation until the music and movement are so closely connected that the movement does n't work without its music .
interpreting the music well takes hours of listening to [find out] its subtleties of phrasing , rhythm and mood ; then more time should be spent on experimentation until the music and movement are so closely connected that the movement does n't work without its music .

Their aim was not to discover the roots of Roman imperialism or even to persuade the Greeks that it was acceptable .
their aim was not to [find out] the roots of roman imperialism or even to persuade the greeks that it was acceptable .

We take a visit to Japan and discover that raw fish is only a tiny part of the Japanese diet .
we take a visit to japan and [find out] that raw fish is only a tiny part of the japanese diet .

For Wissenschaft has its limits , and the `` unshakable faith `` in its power ensures that its most gifted followers press on until they reach those limits and discover for themselves its ultimate powerlessness to solve the problem of existence .
for wissenschaft has its limits , and the `` unshakable faith `` in its power ensures that its most gifted followers press on until they reach those limits and [find out] for themselves its ultimate powerlessness to solve the problem of existence .

How much work , if any , Tissington did under his lease we will probably never discover .
how much work , if any , tissington did under his lease we will probably never [find out] .

As the fortunes of the mine declined we discover him during 1877 paid as `` John Latham and boys `` with his account as low as £31 for a month ; a far cry from the 1840's-1860 's when the dressing staff of old men , women , boys and girls averaged 100 and their total wages ranged from £142 to £241 .
as the fortunes of the mine declined we [find out] him during 1877 paid as `` john latham and boys `` with his account as low as £31 for a month ; a far cry from the 1840's-1860 's when the dressing staff of old men , women , boys and girls averaged 100 and their total wages ranged from £142 to £241 .

If they think they can discover the lost vein , or by driving a new level find a fresh one , they will do one or the other for their own advantage `` .
if they think they can [find out] the lost vein , or by driving a new level find a fresh one , they will do one or the other for their own advantage `` .

On the river side of the High St. there is an area with a strange name , Great Winox , and what this meant we have been unable to discover , but one theory is that this could have been the ancient vineyard .
on the river side of the high st. there is an area with a strange name , great winox , and what this meant we have been unable to [find out] , but one theory is that this could have been the ancient vineyard .

James Bruce of Kinnaird arrived in Abyssinia in 1769 , determined to discover the source of the Blue Nile .
james bruce of kinnaird arrived in abyssinia in 1769 , determined to [find out] the source of the blue nile .

Most four-year-olds do not , for example , fully understand that six cakes are six cakes whether they are in a row , a circle , divided into two threes , or inside a small tummy ! And they need to discover that fact with real cakes , not pictures or by learning the number six .
most four-year-olds do not , for example , fully understand that six cakes are six cakes whether they are in a row , a circle , divided into two threes , or inside a small tummy ! and they need to [find out] that fact with real cakes , not pictures or by learning the number six .

Help him discover his senses : show him the flowers in the park , for example , and get close enough to catch the scent .
help him [find out] his senses : show him the flowers in the park , for example , and get close enough to catch the scent .

Or you discover that there is no phonemic distinction between dental and alveolar sounds and therefore it is not necessary to put [ _ ] under symbols to mark dental .
or you [find out] that there is no phonemic distinction between dental and alveolar sounds and therefore it is not necessary to put [ _ ] under symbols to mark dental .

When the text has been transcribed you work through it in order to discover and learn any new words or useful idioms .
when the text has been transcribed you work through it in order to [find out] and learn any new words or useful idioms .

We must therefore set out to discover the sources of our common knowledge of stiffness and to define strain , stress and their relation .
we must therefore set out to [find out] the sources of our common knowledge of stiffness and to define strain , stress and their relation .

Therefore he strove to understand nature , and had ‘ The habit of wishing to discover the good and the Beautiful in all that meets and surrounds me ’ , thereby becoming in touch with ‘ plastic and vast , one intellectual breeze , At once the soul of each , and God of All ’ .
therefore he strove to understand nature , and had ‘ the habit of wishing to [find out] the good and the beautiful in all that meets and surrounds me ’ , thereby becoming in touch with ‘ plastic and vast , one intellectual breeze , at once the soul of each , and god of all ’ .

Because all believers are affected by these developments , each of us is called to adapt to changing situations and to discover effective and responsible ways to use the communications media for God 's glory and for the service of his creation .
because all believers are affected by these developments , each of us is called to adapt to changing situations and to [find out] effective and responsible ways to use the communications media for god 's glory and for the service of his creation .

For the Church , that it may discover effective and responsible ways to use the communications media for the glory of God , the proclamation of the Gospel , and the service of his creation .
for the church , that it may [find out] effective and responsible ways to use the communications media for the glory of god , the proclamation of the gospel , and the service of his creation .

For the Church , that it may discover effective and responsible ways to use the communications media for the glory of God , the proclamation of the Gospel , and the service of his creation .
for the church , that it may [find out] effective and responsible ways to use the communications media for the glory of god , the proclamation of the gospel , and the service of his creation .

a time to discover in ourselves attitudes and lifestyles , which may be contrary to a deep relationship with God .
a time to [find out] in ourselves attitudes and lifestyles , which may be contrary to a deep relationship with god .

The objectives of this study in an adult population of patients with cystic fibrosis were to : ( 1 ) define the relation between faecal fat and faecal bile acid excretion in patients with and without liver disease ; ( 2 ) to discover if a defect in the ileal bile acid active transport mechanism contributes to faecal bile acid loss ; and ( 3 ) to assess the contribution of small bowel bacterial overgrowth to faecal fat and faecal bile acid losses .
the objectives of this study in an adult population of patients with cystic fibrosis were to : ( 1 ) define the relation between faecal fat and faecal bile acid excretion in patients with and without liver disease ; ( 2 ) to [find out] if a defect in the ileal bile acid active transport mechanism contributes to faecal bile acid loss ; and ( 3 ) to assess the contribution of small bowel bacterial overgrowth to faecal fat and faecal bile acid losses .

It was therefore thought important to publicise again the condition and at the same time characterise it and discover its natural history using a larger number of cases .
it was therefore thought important to publicise again the condition and at the same time characterise it and [find out] its natural history using a larger number of cases .

We spent some more time moving around Leicester , going from tavern to tavern trying to discover if anyone else had seen Irvine 's strange companion .
we spent some more time moving around leicester , going from tavern to tavern trying to [find out] if anyone else had seen irvine 's strange companion .

What more can we discover ?
what more can we [find out] ?

Downing Street had originally put in a request for the Bridal Suite , only to discover that Jeffrey Archer had got in first .
downing street had originally put in a request for the bridal suite , only to [find out] that jeffrey archer had got in first .

‘ The conference is waiting to discover what it is she intends to do , now that she has finally arrived in Brighton .
‘ the conference is waiting to [find out] what it is she intends to do , now that she has finally arrived in brighton .

John Gummer was despatched to discover her intentions .
john gummer was despatched to [find out] her intentions .

Mr Wright , whose own force faced criticism after the Hillsborough disaster , said there was a need for police forces to discover whether or not their perception of their work matched that of the public 's need .
mr wright , whose own force faced criticism after the hillsborough disaster , said there was a need for police forces to [find out] whether or not their perception of their work matched that of the public 's need .

The audience file in to discover three actors sitting ragged and disconsolate under the eye of a fourth who is reading the Bible and shouting ‘ Shut up !
the audience file in to [find out] three actors sitting ragged and disconsolate under the eye of a fourth who is reading the bible and shouting ‘ shut up !

Until we get the full implications of the Taylor Report and discover what happens over the identity-card issue , we will have to sit tight .
until we get the full implications of the taylor report and [find out] what happens over the identity-card issue , we will have to sit tight .

We were soon to discover that Masha might be in no condition to set us on any track .
we were soon to [find out] that masha might be in no condition to set us on any track .

Miss Danziger was not an ugly woman but the Colonel had had to take a long hard look to discover her good features : her bone structure ; strong fair hair streaked with less fair strands ; her pale complexion , unpainted .
miss danziger was not an ugly woman but the colonel had had to take a long hard look to [find out] her good features : her bone structure ; strong fair hair streaked with less fair strands ; her pale complexion , unpainted .

Sometimes he would discover that he had not really had a ‘ call to the ministry ’ .
sometimes he would [find out] that he had not really had a ‘ call to the ministry ’ .

Victorians , who had yet to discover the stiff upper lip and the view that religion had always to be a serious matter , were passionate people who expressed their feelings freely and often loudly .
victorians , who had yet to [find out] the stiff upper lip and the view that religion had always to be a serious matter , were passionate people who expressed their feelings freely and often loudly .

People who give their horses water in plastic garbage bins of different colours , often discover that their horses drink more water from yellow and orange bins than they do from those of a darker colour such as red , brown , green , and purple .
people who give their horses water in plastic garbage bins of different colours , often [find out] that their horses drink more water from yellow and orange bins than they do from those of a darker colour such as red , brown , green , and purple .

So it was a great disappointment to discover that she was quite unlike all the other home-bred horses , and that she would give nothing in return to those who cared for her and bestowed affection upon her .
so it was a great disappointment to [find out] that she was quite unlike all the other home-bred horses , and that she would give nothing in return to those who cared for her and bestowed affection upon her .

Although they will gallop around trying to get rid of the bot-fly , they seem to quickly discover that the bot will not follow them into the dense shade of a shelter shed or stable .
although they will gallop around trying to get rid of the bot-fly , they seem to quickly [find out] that the bot will not follow them into the dense shade of a shelter shed or stable .

When you 're inviting speakers , discover what their real needs are going to be .
when you 're inviting speakers , [find out] what their real needs are going to be .

The main reason they are not overcome is lack of time to discover the mistake and put it right .
the main reason they are not overcome is lack of time to [find out] the mistake and put it right .

Most ‘ organisers ’ swan in at eight-thirty looking important , only to discover there 's a big hitch and they have no time to put it right .
most ‘ organisers ’ swan in at eight-thirty looking important , only to [find out] there 's a big hitch and they have no time to put it right .

Norton 's Coin 's participation in the race was something of a mistake , for Sirrell Griffiths had wanted to run him in the Cathcart Challenge Cup on the same day of the Cheltenham meeting , only to discover that the horse was ineligible .
norton 's coin 's participation in the race was something of a mistake , for sirrell griffiths had wanted to run him in the cathcart challenge cup on the same day of the cheltenham meeting , only to [find out] that the horse was ineligible .

’ This sort of response can cause a great deal of guilt in people who discover they have such feelings .
’ this sort of response can cause a great deal of guilt in people who [find out] they have such feelings .

So far we have been concerned with trying to understand something of the general reaction people have to various forms of loss , concentrating on the reactions people will discover in themselves when they or someone close to them is dying or has died .
so far we have been concerned with trying to understand something of the general reaction people have to various forms of loss , concentrating on the reactions people will [find out] in themselves when they or someone close to them is dying or has died .

Bereaved people trying to make sense of what has happened to them often find that one of the most difficult things is to discover that they ‘ can not think straight ’ and when they do their thoughts are often so disturbing and frightening that they feel they 've ‘ gone mad ’ .
bereaved people trying to make sense of what has happened to them often find that one of the most difficult things is to [find out] that they ‘ can not think straight ’ and when they do their thoughts are often so disturbing and frightening that they feel they 've ‘ gone mad ’ .

In 303 a Christian named Copres from the Nile valley , engaged in a lawsuit over property , went to Alexandria to present his case and was disconcerted to discover that he would be required to participate in some act of idolatry , such as a sacrifice or an oath by the emperor 's genius , as a condition of litigation .
in 303 a christian named copres from the nile valley , engaged in a lawsuit over property , went to alexandria to present his case and was disconcerted to [find out] that he would be required to participate in some act of idolatry , such as a sacrifice or an oath by the emperor 's genius , as a condition of litigation .

But together they discover , life , rock and roll and love .
but together they [find out] , life , rock and roll and love .

The world must wait however to discover whether Kylie will be cast as some lovelorn , tragic Juliet to Jason 's Romeo or whether her musical will , in the mould of The Delinquents , be a rock and roll high school blockbuster , like Grease , the movie she admits she has loved since her Melbourne childhood .
the world must wait however to [find out] whether kylie will be cast as some lovelorn , tragic juliet to jason 's romeo or whether her musical will , in the mould of the delinquents , be a rock and roll high school blockbuster , like grease , the movie she admits she has loved since her melbourne childhood .

Consequently , if the image came to acquire reality in the minds of Zuwaya this was in part the result of an outsider 's effort to discover and describe it , to gather precise information about those connections between elements which made some of them so resonant in modern political life .
consequently , if the image came to acquire reality in the minds of zuwaya this was in part the result of an outsider 's effort to [find out] and describe it , to gather precise information about those connections between elements which made some of them so resonant in modern political life .

SHe had no desire to discover for hirself at what point serious physical injury might occur .
she had no desire to [find out] for hirself at what point serious physical injury might occur .

Zambia had no wish to be found out cold by someone who might discover what SHe was .
zambia had no wish to be found out cold by someone who might [find out] what she was .

He only wished he 'd managed to discover more .
he only wished he 'd managed to [find out] more .

There are no more quiet corners left for us to discover .
there are no more quiet corners left for us to [find out] .

‘ If this Miller as you call him takes the tablets you keep on about in the text he will discover that there is no Author — right ? He will know then that the Author is in fact himself , and always was . Right ? ’
‘ if this miller as you call him takes the tablets you keep on about in the text he will [find out] that there is no author — right ? he will know then that the author is in fact himself , and always was . right ? ’

It was that he had found a place in which to discover that there was of course , of course , no such Being at all .
it was that he had found a place in which to [find out] that there was of course , of course , no such being at all .

‘ It is only because you want to pry , to discover who writes to me , that you come out in this way every morning .
‘ it is only because you want to pry , to [find out] who writes to me , that you come out in this way every morning .

He never knew , from one meeting to the next , what he might discover in her and it astonished him .
he never knew , from one meeting to the next , what he might [find out] in her and it astonished him .

The organisation that calls the general election closest is the one that is most attractive to Tesco or Finefare or whomever it might be when they want to discover what the public thinks of their baked beans .
the organisation that calls the general election closest is the one that is most attractive to tesco or finefare or whomever it might be when they want to [find out] what the public thinks of their baked beans .

In a deep trance , the subject is taken back to an earlier age , in order to discover the possible cause of a problem , such as a phobia , or a psychological reason for a physiological condition , which , on the surface , appears to have no organic cause .
in a deep trance , the subject is taken back to an earlier age , in order to [find out] the possible cause of a problem , such as a phobia , or a psychological reason for a physiological condition , which , on the surface , appears to have no organic cause .

You can buy an off-the-peg timber frame house or discover how to design and build your own house of stone .
you can buy an off-the-peg timber frame house or [find out] how to design and build your own house of stone .

‘ If you give children enough time and space , they 'll discover their intelligence , ’ he insists .
‘ if you give children enough time and space , they 'll [find out] their intelligence , ’ he insists .

To discover whether Jews were as compassionate as they claimed to be he donned dark spectacles and stuck a notice to the rear window of his Buick : ‘ Careful !
to [find out] whether jews were as compassionate as they claimed to be he donned dark spectacles and stuck a notice to the rear window of his buick : ‘ careful !

In the Four Last Songs , it was good to discover that the soprano Amanda Roocroft 's voice is unimpaired after her long bout of glandular fever .
in the four last songs , it was good to [find out] that the soprano amanda roocroft 's voice is unimpaired after her long bout of glandular fever .

His performance yesterday morning after his weather-weary display late on Saturday proved his quality , on a course designed to discover just that .
his performance yesterday morning after his weather-weary display late on saturday proved his quality , on a course designed to [find out] just that .

Dr Margaret O'Brien , a chartered psychologist at East London Polytechnic and author of The New Man , told the conference : ‘ Though there have been many changes in family life over the century , it is surprising to discover that children seem to have such a traditional view . ’
dr margaret o'brien , a chartered psychologist at east london polytechnic and author of the new man , told the conference : ‘ though there have been many changes in family life over the century , it is surprising to [find out] that children seem to have such a traditional view . ’

Alice Brine is a social worker who , we finally discover , was the negligent official in a hideous case of child abuse .
alice brine is a social worker who , we finally [find out] , was the negligent official in a hideous case of child abuse .

Election 1992 : Tory ‘ super-party ’ born out of last-minute vote switching The Conservative victory was a surprise . Anthony King reports on a Gallup survey taken after the election to try to discover what happened
election 1992 : tory ‘ super-party ’ born out of last-minute vote switching the conservative victory was a surprise . anthony king reports on a gallup survey taken after the election to try to [find out] what happened

To send her two young sons , Mathieu and Laurent , to sleep , Cécile de Brunhoff told them the story of a little elephant who left the forest to discover the town and learn the ways of men , before returning to his own idyllic land of the elephants to be crowned king .
to send her two young sons , mathieu and laurent , to sleep , cécile de brunhoff told them the story of a little elephant who left the forest to [find out] the town and learn the ways of men , before returning to his own idyllic land of the elephants to be crowned king .

If you take the time and trouble to make your own , you will discover a truly delicious gâteau .
if you take the time and trouble to make your own , you will [find out] a truly delicious gâteau .

Indeed , here is a reminder that Christmas can only be understood in the light of later events , can only be discovered in all its wonderful freshness and life when we discover for ourselves that Jesus is the human face of God .
indeed , here is a reminder that christmas can only be understood in the light of later events , can only be discovered in all its wonderful freshness and life when we [find out] for ourselves that jesus is the human face of god .

We also discover at this point the reality of love at the heart of the sign .
we also [find out] at this point the reality of love at the heart of the sign .

the Epiphany : Strangers Discover Christ The Bishop 's farewell address to the Cathedral of Bath and Wells , Epiphany Sunday , 6 January 1991
the epiphany : strangers [find out] christ the bishop 's farewell address to the cathedral of bath and wells , epiphany sunday , 6 january 1991

The Aristotelian talk of definitions ‘ does not reveal nature to us , but only does the same as the man who promised to discover a treasure and then says ‘ look where it is hidden and you will find it .
the aristotelian talk of definitions ‘ does not reveal nature to us , but only does the same as the man who promised to [find out] a treasure and then says ‘ look where it is hidden and you will find it .

Observation and experiment in order to discover the properties of things in the material world is a worthwhile activity ; so much so that Locke sometimes honours its results with the more dignified term ‘ experimental knowledge ’ .
observation and experiment in order to [find out] the properties of things in the material world is a worthwhile activity ; so much so that locke sometimes honours its results with the more dignified term ‘ experimental knowledge ’ .

then the properties we discover in that body , would depend on that complex idea , and be deducible from it , and their necessary connection with it be known ; as all properties of a triangle depend on , and as far as they are discoverable , are deducible from the complex idea of three lines , including a space .
then the properties we [find out] in that body , would depend on that complex idea , and be deducible from it , and their necessary connection with it be known ; as all properties of a triangle depend on , and as far as they are discoverable , are deducible from the complex idea of three lines , including a space .

It can do all there is for it to do , which is to discover regularities among our God-given ideas , and to systematize these in the most useful way .
it can do all there is for it to do , which is to [find out] regularities among our god-given ideas , and to systematize these in the most useful way .

That he did discover it , that he had a wonderful self-knowledge — not mere self-analysis — calm and penetrating , never coldly submissive , is a proof that it was not the whole truth .
that he did [find out] it , that he had a wonderful self-knowledge — not mere self-analysis — calm and penetrating , never coldly submissive , is a proof that it was not the whole truth .

This is the second survey commissioned by The Economist to discover which are Britain 's most admired companies ; the first was published in September 1989 .
this is the second survey commissioned by the economist to [find out] which are britain 's most admired companies ; the first was published in september 1989 .

She 'd discover he had n't locked the hen-house when she went to let the hens out in the morning .
she 'd [find out] he had n't locked the hen-house when she went to let the hens out in the morning .

At the end of each month motorists would discover their balance and sell any remaining units .
at the end of each month motorists would [find out] their balance and sell any remaining units .

Little wonder that , as American investors slowly discover the outside world , they are turning to mutual funds to handle its complexities .
little wonder that , as american investors slowly [find out] the outside world , they are turning to mutual funds to handle its complexities .

What do they hope to discover ?
what do they hope to [find out] ?

So by examining meteorites it is possible to discover what some of the asteroids are made of without ever having to visit the asteroid belt .
so by examining meteorites it is possible to [find out] what some of the asteroids are made of without ever having to visit the asteroid belt .

The Universal card is such a threat to banks because , unlike Sears ' six-year-old Discover card , it has been linked to the Visa and MasterCard networks from the outset .
the universal card is such a threat to banks because , unlike sears ' six-year-old [find out] card , it has been linked to the visa and mastercard networks from the outset .

Sears ' Discover card is accepted by 1.2m ; not bad for a network built from scratch since 1985 , but clearly still short of critical mass .
sears ' [find out] card is accepted by 1.2m ; not bad for a network built from scratch since 1985 , but clearly still short of critical mass .

According to the Nilson Report , a Californian publication that follows the industry , Citibank 's Visa/MasterCard and Sears ' Discover cards have roughly the same number of holders ( 20.4m and 21.6m respectively ) , but Citibank 's card brought it $ 600m in net revenue against Discover 's $ 117m last year .
according to the nilson report , a californian publication that follows the industry , citibank 's visa/mastercard and sears ' [find out] cards have roughly the same number of holders ( 20.4m and 21.6m respectively ) , but citibank 's card brought it $ 600m in net revenue against [find out] 's $ 117m last year .

This was mostly because the $ 40.3 billion charged to its cards was far ahead of Discover 's $ 19.4 billion , and because Citibank had built up three times as much outstanding debt as Discover .
this was mostly because the $ 40.3 billion charged to its cards was far ahead of [find out] 's $ 19.4 billion , and because citibank had built up three times as much outstanding debt as [find out] .

Sears is yet to recoup its investment in Discover .
sears is yet to recoup its investment in [find out] .

On this , it plans to piggy-back a new version of Discover , called Prime Option .
on this , it plans to piggy-back a new version of [find out] , called prime option .

( One orange-growing region in Sicily was so productive , on paper , that California sent agronomists to discover how . )
( one orange-growing region in sicily was so productive , on paper , that california sent agronomists to [find out] how . )

Stock Exchange surveillance computers pick up any unusual movement in share prices and the regulators follow up with visits to stockbrokers involved to discover who has been dealing .
stock exchange surveillance computers pick up any unusual movement in share prices and the regulators follow up with visits to stockbrokers involved to [find out] who has been dealing .

Still , they are about to discover the very real difficulties of using this medium during the delivery of their first course .
still , they are about to [find out] the very real difficulties of using this medium during the delivery of their first course .

This new multimedia thingamajig allows you to discover things on your own through the wondrous use of the hypermedia approach to education .
this new multimedia thingamajig allows you to [find out] things on your own through the wondrous use of the hypermedia approach to education .

The cold-bloodedness of this experiment becomes apparent when we discover that chess was not one of Polgar 's great interests ; even now he is only a mediocre player .
the cold-bloodedness of this experiment becomes apparent when we [find out] that chess was not one of polgar 's great interests ; even now he is only a mediocre player .

Whipping off in the Doc 's DeLorean time machine to find 2015 in Hill Valley , California , a purgatorial version of its former self , with the old labouring under hormonal treatment that has fuddled their brains while rejuvenating their bodies and the young equipped with weapons of world-destruction , Marty McFly returns to discover the mid-Eighties in even worse disarray .
whipping off in the doc 's delorean time machine to find 2015 in hill valley , california , a purgatorial version of its former self , with the old labouring under hormonal treatment that has fuddled their brains while rejuvenating their bodies and the young equipped with weapons of world-destruction , marty mcfly returns to [find out] the mid-eighties in even worse disarray .

Mentally remove five stones of body weight from Lawson and discover he could become Mr Darcy .
mentally remove five stones of body weight from lawson and [find out] he could become mr darcy .

We never learn how Sya and Sohy have raised the money to come to Britain any more than we discover how the unemployed thespian lodger pays the rent .
we never learn how sya and sohy have raised the money to come to britain any more than we [find out] how the unemployed thespian lodger pays the rent .

Second , the British way of doing things makes it hard for a company to discover the identity of a suspected concert party-goer hiding behind a nominee .
second , the british way of doing things makes it hard for a company to [find out] the identity of a suspected concert party-goer hiding behind a nominee .

Yet still it appears impossible to discover the ownership of shares held through a minor Swiss bank which were used to help a second division British company build up stakes in several third division British companies .
yet still it appears impossible to [find out] the ownership of shares held through a minor swiss bank which were used to help a second division british company build up stakes in several third division british companies .

However , Lord Justice Watkins disagreed and said he saw no difficulty in imposing upon the assessment officer the duty to discover what intention lay behind the reduction of capital .
however , lord justice watkins disagreed and said he saw no difficulty in imposing upon the assessment officer the duty to [find out] what intention lay behind the reduction of capital .

Bogart and Bergman had loved one another years before , and in neutral Casablanca discover that their passion is unabated .
bogart and bergman had loved one another years before , and in neutral casablanca [find out] that their passion is unabated .

He watches a man arrive who , we discover , has come to take the cure at the local sanatorium .
he watches a man arrive who , we [find out] , has come to take the cure at the local sanatorium .

So it is surprising to discover that the substance of Proofs was indeed a three-page essay in Granta — especially when one considers the puritanical intellectual rigour that characterises Steiner 's literary style .
so it is surprising to [find out] that the substance of proofs was indeed a three-page essay in granta — especially when one considers the puritanical intellectual rigour that characterises steiner 's literary style .

But now he has moved from critic to principal player , he may discover the advantages of the business brain so vilified by Raine 's critics .
but now he has moved from critic to principal player , he may [find out] the advantages of the business brain so vilified by raine 's critics .

Assuming Moore is fit and Wallaby Coker , the king of the long-distance commuters , is not required again in Australia , Bath might discover painfully what Winterbottom has in mind .
assuming moore is fit and wallaby coker , the king of the long-distance commuters , is not required again in australia , bath might [find out] painfully what winterbottom has in mind .

They have evolved separately and thus we discover that monkeys with prehensile tails serving them as an extra hand only come from the New World .
they have evolved separately and thus we [find out] that monkeys with prehensile tails serving them as an extra hand only come from the new world .

It is well worth keeping a special watch for fossils of this kind when hunting in Cambrian localities — it is still perfectly possible to discover a completely new kind of echinoderm !
it is well worth keeping a special watch for fossils of this kind when hunting in cambrian localities — it is still perfectly possible to [find out] a completely new kind of echinoderm !

There are doubtless still new kinds to discover
there are doubtless still new kinds to [find out]

There is still much to discover of their even earlier history , and we hope that the crucial steps did not all take place in some site where fossils have little chance of preservation .
there is still much to [find out] of their even earlier history , and we hope that the crucial steps did not all take place in some site where fossils have little chance of preservation .

Read on to discover which Club would be best for you .
read on to [find out] which club would be best for you .

And with the many and varied sights to discover at your leisure , Majorca really does have something special to offer everyone .
and with the many and varied sights to [find out] at your leisure , majorca really does have something special to offer everyone .

The village of Mojacar is enchanting and provokes a desire to discover more about its fascinating history — how it was conquered by the Moors and recaptured centuries later by the Catholic Kings .
the village of mojacar is enchanting and provokes a desire to [find out] more about its fascinating history — how it was conquered by the moors and recaptured centuries later by the catholic kings .

Why not list your own holiday requirements and then tick them off one by one as you discover for yourself what Ten Bel has to offer .
why not list your own holiday requirements and then tick them off one by one as you [find out] for yourself what ten bel has to offer .

Soon you 'll discover the tennis courts and children 's fun-park and , most impressive of all , the enormous sea pool for scuba-diving and windsurfing .
soon you 'll [find out] the tennis courts and children 's fun-park and , most impressive of all , the enormous sea pool for scuba-diving and windsurfing .

The recreational facilities range from horse-riding to para-sailing , while inland from the Club the countryside is criss-crossed with tracks for walking where you can discover rural villages , lone mosques and secret lakes among the low hills .
the recreational facilities range from horse-riding to para-sailing , while inland from the club the countryside is criss-crossed with tracks for walking where you can [find out] rural villages , lone mosques and secret lakes among the low hills .

Discover little known beaches .
[find out] little known beaches .

Not knowing what lay ahead made him excited and nervous but he could n't help wanting to discover what was behind a door or round the next corner .
not knowing what lay ahead made him excited and nervous but he could n't help wanting to [find out] what was behind a door or round the next corner .

Some mornings Mr Crangle entered the library to discover the books piled in strange shapes about the room .
some mornings mr crangle entered the library to [find out] the books piled in strange shapes about the room .

Take a trip around the island by day and discover small restaurants tucked away in amongst the hills and valleys ; follow the bumpy sandy tracks to tiny secluded beaches , almost empty apart from a small bar or café serving ice cold sangria and the snacks the Spanish call ‘ tapas ’ .
take a trip around the island by day and [find out] small restaurants tucked away in amongst the hills and valleys ; follow the bumpy sandy tracks to tiny secluded beaches , almost empty apart from a small bar or café serving ice cold sangria and the snacks the spanish call ‘ tapas ’ .

If you wish to venture northwards you can discover beaches , such as Cala Vinas , a bustling resort 3km away , and see the luxurious villas of the rich and famous who come here to sample the many and varied pleasures on offer .
if you wish to venture northwards you can [find out] beaches , such as cala vinas , a bustling resort 3km away , and see the luxurious villas of the rich and famous who come here to sample the many and varied pleasures on offer .

It 's a great way to make friends with your fellow explorers as you discover different islands .
it 's a great way to make friends with your fellow explorers as you [find out] different islands .

Take any of our trips and discover the distinct flavour of Crete .
take any of our trips and [find out] the distinct flavour of crete .

Discover the old , new and futuristic faces of Acapulco , including the famous cliff divers of la Quebrada , or wine and dine on the world 's largest catamaran while taking in the magnificent views of Acapulco by night .
[find out] the old , new and futuristic faces of acapulco , including the famous cliff divers of la quebrada , or wine and dine on the world 's largest catamaran while taking in the magnificent views of acapulco by night .

It is much better to evaluate information needs and establish information flows in advance of the decision-making process than to discover their omission at a later stage .
it is much better to evaluate information needs and establish information flows in advance of the decision-making process than to [find out] their omission at a later stage .

All girls and boys , from every background , must be able to discover their talents and fulfil their potential .
all girls and boys , from every background , must be able to [find out] their talents and fulfil their potential .

Even on weekdays there were problems in booking caddies because members who , say , arrived at lunchtime might discover that all the caddies were out on the course , and there was no way of telling whether they were also booked for the afternoon !
even on weekdays there were problems in booking caddies because members who , say , arrived at lunchtime might [find out] that all the caddies were out on the course , and there was no way of telling whether they were also booked for the afternoon !

Another popular misconception is to assume that the types of funding and service offered by different lenders are virtually identical — all you have to do is discover who is willing to lend you money and then compare interest rates .
another popular misconception is to assume that the types of funding and service offered by different lenders are virtually identical — all you have to do is [find out] who is willing to lend you money and then compare interest rates .

Thus you discover what tasks are to be performed and how they are carried out in order to create a picture of what the person will actually do in the job . The categories of information that job analysis demands are :
thus you [find out] what tasks are to be performed and how they are carried out in order to create a picture of what the person will actually do in the job . the categories of information that job analysis demands are :

Another assumption underlying the use of the first 10 methods listed above is that you are able to analyse carefully not merely what is going wrong but why . For example you are expected to dig into the problem and discover causes such as :
another assumption underlying the use of the first 10 methods listed above is that you are able to analyse carefully not merely what is going wrong but why . for example you are expected to dig into the problem and [find out] causes such as :

Thus one of the most vital questions that a manager can ask concerning behaviour is : ‘ What is the reward ( or payoff ) for acting that way ? ’ Discover the payoff and you unlock the key to affecting how a person can be influenced .
thus one of the most vital questions that a manager can ask concerning behaviour is : ‘ what is the reward ( or payoff ) for acting that way ? ’ [find out] the payoff and you unlock the key to affecting how a person can be influenced .

For example , you could discover whether the employee 's watch was faulty , or whether she did have a regular hair appointment on Friday .
for example , you could [find out] whether the employee 's watch was faulty , or whether she did have a regular hair appointment on friday .

Not only do you know where you are trying to get to , but you can also give attention to attempting to discover the fall back position of your opponent .
not only do you know where you are trying to get to , but you can also give attention to attempting to [find out] the fall back position of your opponent .

To discover in more detail what information is relevant to the needs of employees requires a systematic investigation , often on a continuous basis . Various techniques available to managers include :
to [find out] in more detail what information is relevant to the needs of employees requires a systematic investigation , often on a continuous basis . various techniques available to managers include :

Relying on tablets for the relief of pain without trying to discover its cause can be positively dangerous .
relying on tablets for the relief of pain without trying to [find out] its cause can be positively dangerous .

Some people discover this element of themselves while still very young ; others come to it at a much later stage in their lives — and others never manage to find it at all .
some people [find out] this element of themselves while still very young ; others come to it at a much later stage in their lives — and others never manage to find it at all .

Together they discover that the circumstances of Paul 's death have less to do with an alleged policy of ‘ shoot to kill ’ than the secret and politically motivated activities of non accountable intelligence services : activities which subvert the integrity of parliamentary democracy .
together they [find out] that the circumstances of paul 's death have less to do with an alleged policy of ‘ shoot to kill ’ than the secret and politically motivated activities of non accountable intelligence services : activities which subvert the integrity of parliamentary democracy .

Desperate to contact Molly , who is unable to see or hear him , Sam discovers that he is only able to communicate with a psychic named Oda Mae Brown ( Whoopee Goldberg ) , a charlatan astonished to discover her powers are authentic .
desperate to contact molly , who is unable to see or hear him , sam discovers that he is only able to communicate with a psychic named oda mae brown ( whoopee goldberg ) , a charlatan astonished to [find out] her powers are authentic .

With so much of interest to discover and such a wealth of magnificent coast and countryside to explore , within even an hour or two of home you could find yourself in a beautiful new world .
with so much of interest to [find out] and such a wealth of magnificent coast and countryside to explore , within even an hour or two of home you could find yourself in a beautiful new world .

When you visit your local Beefeater , you 'll discover that it has its own individual style and character with tasteful decor , comfortable furnishings and a relaxing atmosphere .
when you visit your local beefeater , you 'll [find out] that it has its own individual style and character with tasteful decor , comfortable furnishings and a relaxing atmosphere .

Because it obliges you to sit down and make a careful observation of the chosen subject , you discover so much more than by just pointing a camera .
because it obliges you to sit down and make a careful observation of the chosen subject , you [find out] so much more than by just pointing a camera .

They had endured an embarrassing fund-raising dinner , for which rich Americans had paid 5,000 dollars a ticket , only to discover on their return that the Confederation of British Industry had done nothing to follow it up with any kind of sales drive .
they had endured an embarrassing fund-raising dinner , for which rich americans had paid 5,000 dollars a ticket , only to [find out] on their return that the confederation of british industry had done nothing to follow it up with any kind of sales drive .

Letters were lost , and time and again Charles would discover that his staff had failed to show him a document or letter , or turned down an invitation on his behalf without ever showing it to him .
letters were lost , and time and again charles would [find out] that his staff had failed to show him a document or letter , or turned down an invitation on his behalf without ever showing it to him .

To find out both sides of the hairdressing story and discover how cutter and client can both emerge happy , turn to page 56 .
to find out both sides of the hairdressing story and [find out] how cutter and client can both emerge happy , turn to page 56 .

At last ! Discover the beautiful secrets of La Collins
at last ! [find out] the beautiful secrets of la collins

Nevertheless , no writer , however self-sufficient , writes without a thought of an audience , and Tolkien was happy to discover anyone who could appreciate what he was up to .
nevertheless , no writer , however self-sufficient , writes without a thought of an audience , and tolkien was happy to [find out] anyone who could appreciate what he was up to .

And besides that , we discover in the various Gospels quite differing accounts of the earthly Christ 's reticence about Himself .
and besides that , we [find out] in the various gospels quite differing accounts of the earthly christ 's reticence about himself .

Entering the competition was entirely Barbara 's idea and when the phone call came through to say they 'd won , Betty was quite shocked to discover that she , too , was going to London to have a makeover — but she soon came round to the idea !
entering the competition was entirely barbara 's idea and when the phone call came through to say they 'd won , betty was quite shocked to [find out] that she , too , was going to london to have a makeover — but she soon came round to the idea !

So when one producer or studio is responsible for a string of hits , it 's only necessary to find out what distinguishes its operation from that of other , less successful , operations , or what has changed when the same producer or studio hit a bum run , to discover what makes for successful film production .
so when one producer or studio is responsible for a string of hits , it 's only necessary to find out what distinguishes its operation from that of other , less successful , operations , or what has changed when the same producer or studio hit a bum run , to [find out] what makes for successful film production .

When they launched themselves into production in 1922 , Balcon and Saville with Woman to Woman , the story of a shell-shocked officer who comes out of amnesia to discover the truth about his sordid past , and Wilcox with two films of which the second , a florid melodrama called The Flames of Passion , was a hit , they used the same director , Graham Cutts , and judged it worthwhile incurring the expense of bringing over American stars , Betty Compson for Woman , Mae Marsh for Flames , in order to increase their films ' marquee value at home and abroad .
when they launched themselves into production in 1922 , balcon and saville with woman to woman , the story of a shell-shocked officer who comes out of amnesia to [find out] the truth about his sordid past , and wilcox with two films of which the second , a florid melodrama called the flames of passion , was a hit , they used the same director , graham cutts , and judged it worthwhile incurring the expense of bringing over american stars , betty compson for woman , mae marsh for flames , in order to increase their films ' marquee value at home and abroad .

It had n't taken her long to discover that they had nothing whatsoever in common .
it had n't taken her long to [find out] that they had nothing whatsoever in common .

If you can , with confidence and accuracy , you have a faculty which psychology has yet to discover .
if you can , with confidence and accuracy , you have a faculty which psychology has yet to [find out] .

It is one of the tasks of the inquiry by the West Yorkshire Police , supervised by the authority , to discover how many of the 754 arrests by the squad since January 1986 may have resulted in convictions from fabricated confessions .
it is one of the tasks of the inquiry by the west yorkshire police , supervised by the authority , to [find out] how many of the 754 arrests by the squad since january 1986 may have resulted in convictions from fabricated confessions .

But he said he was ‘ very anxious indeed ’ to discover ‘ the feelings ’ of the victim ‘ in relation to the disposal of the accused 's case ’ if she were prepared to assist .
but he said he was ‘ very anxious indeed ’ to [find out] ‘ the feelings ’ of the victim ‘ in relation to the disposal of the accused 's case ’ if she were prepared to assist .

When the various occult organisations get wind of the non-existent secret 's existence , of course , they take it in deadly earnest and will stop at nothing to discover it and so make themselves Masters of the World .
when the various occult organisations get wind of the non-existent secret 's existence , of course , they take it in deadly earnest and will stop at nothing to [find out] it and so make themselves masters of the world .

It is usual in this office comedy , you quickly discover , for jokes to be transmitted at least in triplicate .
it is usual in this office comedy , you quickly [find out] , for jokes to be transmitted at least in triplicate .

Football : Why Robson must discover innovation : Patrick Barclay , Football Correspondent , on England 's overriding need for understudies now a place in the Italian sun has been secured
football : why robson must [find out] innovation : patrick barclay , football correspondent , on england 's overriding need for understudies now a place in the italian sun has been secured

The Wife ( Helen Mirren ) and her Lover ( Alan Howard ) discover their mutual hunger over the hors d'oeuvres , and proceed to reverse the cycle — they couple in the lavatory , are formally introduced in the restaurant , fall in love in the pantry and are expelled into the charnel house of a butcher 's van — the price of tasting the fruit of knowledge .
the wife ( helen mirren ) and her lover ( alan howard ) [find out] their mutual hunger over the hors d'oeuvres , and proceed to reverse the cycle — they couple in the lavatory , are formally introduced in the restaurant , fall in love in the pantry and are expelled into the charnel house of a butcher 's van — the price of tasting the fruit of knowledge .

My aim was to investigate the symptoms of decay and perhaps to discover in the ‘ capriciousness and the return to chaos ’ a law which would vouchsafe one an insight into the intimate workings of art .
my aim was to investigate the symptoms of decay and perhaps to [find out] in the ‘ capriciousness and the return to chaos ’ a law which would vouchsafe one an insight into the intimate workings of art .

What private letters from an artist can do best is to elucidate what was uppermost in an artist 's mind at the time , often artistic aims which would be difficult to discover otherwise .
what private letters from an artist can do best is to elucidate what was uppermost in an artist 's mind at the time , often artistic aims which would be difficult to [find out] otherwise .

‘ When did you discover your mistake ? ’
‘ when did you [find out] your mistake ? ’

‘ When did you discover the money ? ’
‘ when did you [find out] the money ? ’

You might discover something .
you might [find out] something .

Essentially , what she wants is for Berowne to discover what is serious in life , and to stop fooling all the time .
essentially , what she wants is for berowne to [find out] what is serious in life , and to stop fooling all the time .

From William James at the end of the last century to the present day , psychologists have speculated and experimented to discover how this is done .
from william james at the end of the last century to the present day , psychologists have speculated and experimented to [find out] how this is done .

Some people think drugs can help you find God , or discover the meaning of life .
some people think drugs can help you find god , or [find out] the meaning of life .

Strawberry taste on trial This month we 're starting a trial to discover the best-tasting strawberries .
strawberry taste on trial this month we 're starting a trial to [find out] the best-tasting strawberries .

As well as selecting a suitable remedy where appropriate , you should also try to discover the cause of the problem , because this could help prevent future repetitions .
as well as selecting a suitable remedy where appropriate , you should also try to [find out] the cause of the problem , because this could help prevent future repetitions .

If you are in good practice , it is fun to discover just how accurate you can be with a crosswind landing .
if you are in good practice , it is fun to [find out] just how accurate you can be with a crosswind landing .

You will discover large errors flying near north or south with even small amounts of bank , and large errors on east and west if you vary the speed .
you will [find out] large errors flying near north or south with even small amounts of bank , and large errors on east and west if you vary the speed .

You can sometimes discover what responses the opponent is likely to make it you make a sudden move towards him .
you can sometimes [find out] what responses the opponent is likely to make it you make a sudden move towards him .

Amnesty 's job is to breach these walls , to discover the truth within , and then to act .
amnesty 's job is to breach these walls , to [find out] the truth within , and then to act .

You may discover that some muscle groups respond best to 8 reps whereas others , such as the calves or the forearms , respond best to 12 reps .
you may [find out] that some muscle groups respond best to 8 reps whereas others , such as the calves or the forearms , respond best to 12 reps .

The argument is therefore not about police control or a utopia without controls , but to explore why some cultural behaviour has a history of police action and to discover where that behaviour fits into police ideology . Its status or ( as importantly ) its lack of value creates complex systems of meaning which are rarely articulated ; for the police world has similar strictures to that which Benedict ( 1967 ) described in her attempts to understand the rigidities of Japanese culture :
the argument is therefore not about police control or a utopia without controls , but to explore why some cultural behaviour has a history of police action and to [find out] where that behaviour fits into police ideology . its status or ( as importantly ) its lack of value creates complex systems of meaning which are rarely articulated ; for the police world has similar strictures to that which benedict ( 1967 ) described in her attempts to understand the rigidities of japanese culture :

The latter trip may enable him to discover the ‘ external objects ’ , the analyst thinks : ‘ now , through analysis , you 're seeking the internal objects .
the latter trip may enable him to [find out] the ‘ external objects ’ , the analyst thinks : ‘ now , through analysis , you 're seeking the internal objects .

He felt a need to discover who he was , and to write directly about that , and about his books , to step out of the shadows .
he felt a need to [find out] who he was , and to write directly about that , and about his books , to step out of the shadows .

Assuming that she is asymptomatic , she either depends on the male who infected her to inform her of the diagnosis or , if he does not , wait for the next person with whom she has intercourse to develop symptoms , discover the diagnosis , and then contact her with the bad news .
assuming that she is asymptomatic , she either depends on the male who infected her to inform her of the diagnosis or , if he does not , wait for the next person with whom she has intercourse to develop symptoms , [find out] the diagnosis , and then contact her with the bad news .

Previous explorations , in 1987 and 1988 , failed to discover anything that could help explain why the plane crashed on its routine flight from Bologna to Palermo in June 1980 .
previous explorations , in 1987 and 1988 , failed to [find out] anything that could help explain why the plane crashed on its routine flight from bologna to palermo in june 1980 .

The problem was that nobody from The Smiths camp was prepared to actually inform the band of this decision , and it was left to Easterhouse manager John Barrett to discover the sad truth almost by accident .
the problem was that nobody from the smiths camp was prepared to actually inform the band of this decision , and it was left to easterhouse manager john barrett to [find out] the sad truth almost by accident .

Admittedly they suffer great pressures on time and space , but the case of my client who had ‘ rescued ’ three large dogs , only to discover he could n't afford to have any of them vaccinated , is surely not an isolated one .
admittedly they suffer great pressures on time and space , but the case of my client who had ‘ rescued ’ three large dogs , only to [find out] he could n't afford to have any of them vaccinated , is surely not an isolated one .

It is cheering to discover that there are some enlightened employers who value personality above experience or qualifications ( and age ) when it comes to recruiting .
it is cheering to [find out] that there are some enlightened employers who value personality above experience or qualifications ( and age ) when it comes to recruiting .

If any genes of an organism , such as a human , could discover a way of spreading themselves that did not depend on the conventional sperm of egg route , they would take it and be less cooperative .
if any genes of an organism , such as a human , could [find out] a way of spreading themselves that did not depend on the conventional sperm of egg route , they would take it and be less cooperative .

As the consciousness of his unhappy family grows within him , Harry unlocks the door to discover many family skeletons .
as the consciousness of his unhappy family grows within him , harry unlocks the door to [find out] many family skeletons .

We discover that our trust in the other person is founded in how we see him or her trusting in God .
we [find out] that our trust in the other person is founded in how we see him or her trusting in god .

The home provides a safe and secure place for children to ask their biggest questions about faith and to discover for themselves the love of God in Jesus Christ .
the home provides a safe and secure place for children to ask their biggest questions about faith and to [find out] for themselves the love of god in jesus christ .

But even in these circumstances , some people will discover inner resources to cope with suffering that would be intolerable to others .
but even in these circumstances , some people will [find out] inner resources to cope with suffering that would be intolerable to others .

We discover that the mysteries in others , which used to leave us baffled and frustrated , now enrich our inner selves .
we [find out] that the mysteries in others , which used to leave us baffled and frustrated , now enrich our inner selves .

In spite of the distances of time and culture , we also discover that we can learn from the great men and women of faith who lived before us .
in spite of the distances of time and culture , we also [find out] that we can learn from the great men and women of faith who lived before us .

On a deeper level , we discover that our roots go straight down into the Bible , the word of God .
on a deeper level , we [find out] that our roots go straight down into the bible , the word of god .

We too need to read the Bible in our hearts , rather than simply to discover facts or satisfy our curiosity .
we too need to read the bible in our hearts , rather than simply to [find out] facts or satisfy our curiosity .

In the Bible , we discover the revelation of unseen things ; mysteries which we approach in awe and reverence .
in the bible , we [find out] the revelation of unseen things ; mysteries which we approach in awe and reverence .

As we reorient our lives away from ourselves and towards God , we discover that we are oriented towards joy , happiness and well-being .
as we reorient our lives away from ourselves and towards god , we [find out] that we are oriented towards joy , happiness and well-being .

How much further do we need to explore to discover happiness in God ?
how much further do we need to explore to [find out] happiness in god ?

The dazzling reality of God 's happiness can only become a living experience in our lives when we discover the spiritual disciplines that keep us close to God .
the dazzling reality of god 's happiness can only become a living experience in our lives when we [find out] the spiritual disciplines that keep us close to god .

Let us now look back from this idyllic scene and discover the implications .
let us now look back from this idyllic scene and [find out] the implications .

He showed that it was harmless to white blood cells , which are a principal defence against invading microbes , and he and Craddock administered enough to animals to discover that it was remarkably innocuous .
he showed that it was harmless to white blood cells , which are a principal defence against invading microbes , and he and craddock administered enough to animals to [find out] that it was remarkably innocuous .

After 9 years in which he applied microbial biochemistry to industrial manufacturing problems , he returned , in 1929 , to academic work as professor of biochemistry at the London School of Hygiene , where he continued to identify the chemical constituents of fungi and discover their functions .
after 9 years in which he applied microbial biochemistry to industrial manufacturing problems , he returned , in 1929 , to academic work as professor of biochemistry at the london school of hygiene , where he continued to identify the chemical constituents of fungi and [find out] their functions .

Chemists had attempted to synthesize quinine for the previous hundred years ( see Chapter 2 ) but all they had achieved was to discover the extreme complexity of the problem .
chemists had attempted to synthesize quinine for the previous hundred years ( see chapter 2 ) but all they had achieved was to [find out] the extreme complexity of the problem .

There was no obvious starting point for experiments designed to discover the details of its biochemistry .
there was no obvious starting point for experiments designed to [find out] the details of its biochemistry .

At the same time , people began to discover that irradiation not only arrests the growth of some cancers , but can have the opposite effect and generate new cancers in tissues which received excessive exposure .
at the same time , people began to [find out] that irradiation not only arrests the growth of some cancers , but can have the opposite effect and generate new cancers in tissues which received excessive exposure .

It is interesting that Gilman and Goodman themselves were the first to discover an effective anticancer drug .
it is interesting that gilman and goodman themselves were the first to [find out] an effective anticancer drug .

The pursuit of their properties was intellectually exciting but something of a gamble if the aim was to discover a drug for a specific purpose .
the pursuit of their properties was intellectually exciting but something of a gamble if the aim was to [find out] a drug for a specific purpose .

But still we could not discover the why of this ordeal by steel .
but still we could not [find out] the why of this ordeal by steel .

You 'll discover mussel soup and pickled plums among other unknown delicacies , and you can find out what those liquorice allsorts taste like .
you 'll [find out] mussel soup and pickled plums among other unknown delicacies , and you can find out what those liquorice allsorts taste like .

The patrol pounced and grabbed the surprised Germans , only to discover that they also had no water with them .
the patrol pounced and grabbed the surprised germans , only to [find out] that they also had no water with them .

Arriving at the edge of the quay , Fitzroy Maclean attempted to inflate it , only to discover that it had a puncture .
arriving at the edge of the quay , fitzroy maclean attempted to inflate it , only to [find out] that it had a puncture .

Cooper leaped out and opened the bonnet , to discover that a round had penetrated the cylinder block .
cooper leaped out and opened the bonnet , to [find out] that a round had penetrated the cylinder block .

Only then did they discover what had been wrong with Edna Popple from 31 St George 's Road , Solihull , Birmingham .
only then did they [find out] what had been wrong with edna popple from 31 st george 's road , solihull , birmingham .

The social workers and foster mothers who have worked with children abused in this way also have much to tell us , as Bea Campbell 's recent Channel 4 film demonstrated : not least that they too lived in fear whilst trying to discover what had happened to the children they were working with .
the social workers and foster mothers who have worked with children abused in this way also have much to tell us , as bea campbell 's recent channel 4 film demonstrated : not least that they too lived in fear whilst trying to [find out] what had happened to the children they were working with .

In the pilot we go off mine-detecting on the Isle of Wight and discover some lizards .
in the pilot we go off mine-detecting on the isle of wight and [find out] some lizards .

Only next day did we discover that he had no part whatever in the plot — to Mr Wrong of Colchester , our apologies !
only next day did we [find out] that he had no part whatever in the plot — to mr wrong of colchester , our apologies !

Mrs Sally Oppenheim-Barnes , Chair of the National Consumer Council We also hope to discover how important gravity is to mushrooms .
mrs sally oppenheim-barnes , chair of the national consumer council we also hope to [find out] how important gravity is to mushrooms .

Miss Norma Scott , aged 23 , failed to report her mother 's death because she did not want the council to discover the squalid conditions at her home in Bilsmoor Avenue , Newcastle upon Tyne .
miss norma scott , aged 23 , failed to report her mother 's death because she did not want the council to [find out] the squalid conditions at her home in bilsmoor avenue , newcastle upon tyne .

Mr Hall said Miss Scott had explained she did not give notification of her mother 's death because she was afraid the authorities would discover the conditions in which they had been living .
mr hall said miss scott had explained she did not give notification of her mother 's death because she was afraid the authorities would [find out] the conditions in which they had been living .

This involves analysing patterns of illness and mortality , as well as conducting market research to discover what local people perceive to be their needs .
this involves analysing patterns of illness and mortality , as well as conducting market research to [find out] what local people perceive to be their needs .

Browns team member Stuart Redman , from East London , one of the first to discover the dead Fish , said : ‘ It was an awful sight , the canal was frozen over and a carp of 10 lb , bream to 2 lb , roach and a tench were lying dead on top .
browns team member stuart redman , from east london , one of the first to [find out] the dead fish , said : ‘ it was an awful sight , the canal was frozen over and a carp of 10 lb , bream to 2 lb , roach and a tench were lying dead on top .

When Ramsey came to read the book himself , later in life , he was astonished , and at one point burst out laughing , to discover what irrational expressions he could use .
when ramsey came to read the book himself , later in life , he was astonished , and at one point burst out laughing , to [find out] what irrational expressions he could use .

Throughout the book Eccleshall demonstrates an impressive authority and ease with his sources as he ransacks 300 years of Conservative thought to discover the meaning of Conservatism .
throughout the book eccleshall demonstrates an impressive authority and ease with his sources as he ransacks 300 years of conservative thought to [find out] the meaning of conservatism .

Fforde makes much of the importance of archives and private correspondence as the means to discover ‘ true intentions ’ , so why did Austen Chamberlain not simply drop Hugh Cecil a note to let him know that his speeches in favour of tariffs and pensions were all a put-up job ?
fforde makes much of the importance of archives and private correspondence as the means to [find out] ‘ true intentions ’ , so why did austen chamberlain not simply drop hugh cecil a note to let him know that his speeches in favour of tariffs and pensions were all a put-up job ?

which seemed to consist mainly of abusing Asquith , were symptomatic of the party 's inability to discover a real sense of direction .
which seemed to consist mainly of abusing asquith , were symptomatic of the party 's inability to [find out] a real sense of direction .

At the outset it may prove useful , if only to discover differences rather than similarities , to contrast Great-Russian nationalism with French .
at the outset it may prove useful , if only to [find out] differences rather than similarities , to contrast great-russian nationalism with french .

It comes as no surprise to discover from another source that in 1921 the Kursk guberniia party committee had tried to deal with these problems ; ‘ the purge of the party was the first basic step towards the strengthening of the personnel of the party and yielded enormous results .
it comes as no surprise to [find out] from another source that in 1921 the kursk guberniia party committee had tried to deal with these problems ; ‘ the purge of the party was the first basic step towards the strengthening of the personnel of the party and yielded enormous results .

In actuality it was the poorer peasants who grumbled louder and suffered more from taxation , as Yakovlev was to discover for himself a year later in Tambov guberniia .
in actuality it was the poorer peasants who grumbled louder and suffered more from taxation , as yakovlev was to [find out] for himself a year later in tambov guberniia .

She hesitated at the corner , reluctant almost to discover that she was now , as of this moment , completely lost in the world , and for the first time she asked herself clearly why she had decided to come here .
she hesitated at the corner , reluctant almost to [find out] that she was now , as of this moment , completely lost in the world , and for the first time she asked herself clearly why she had decided to come here .

Without turning on the light she sat up and reached for her bottle and glass , faintly alarmed to discover she could find them both by feel alone .
without turning on the light she sat up and reached for her bottle and glass , faintly alarmed to [find out] she could find them both by feel alone .

It had taken only a little practice to discover how to lie there , flat on her back , and slowly , with great care , peel away the roof beam and open back the two vast panes of glass .
it had taken only a little practice to [find out] how to lie there , flat on her back , and slowly , with great care , peel away the roof beam and open back the two vast panes of glass .

Having lent Hale money to pay her rent she had been angered to discover her spending enormous sums on an haute-couture dress , and refused to turn up to what , in retrospect , became Hale 's farewell party .
having lent hale money to pay her rent she had been angered to [find out] her spending enormous sums on an haute-couture dress , and refused to turn up to what , in retrospect , became hale 's farewell party .

They discover much of this talent in the same way as record companies .
they [find out] much of this talent in the same way as record companies .

Critics tried to rescue older notions of ‘ community ’ or ‘ citizenship ’ to set against the competitive values of the Thatcher government — only to discover that the latter was highly adept in taking over these themes itself in such areas as housing , education , and ‘ neighbourhood watch ’ crime-prevention schemes , partly as a weapon against left-wing local authorities .
critics tried to rescue older notions of ‘ community ’ or ‘ citizenship ’ to set against the competitive values of the thatcher government — only to [find out] that the latter was highly adept in taking over these themes itself in such areas as housing , education , and ‘ neighbourhood watch ’ crime-prevention schemes , partly as a weapon against left-wing local authorities .

Martin Bewsher leaves the Retsina and package tours behind to discover the charm of Ipsarion .
martin bewsher leaves the retsina and package tours behind to [find out] the charm of ipsarion .

The pedals , too , seem to have been located by someone who has yet to discover the science of ergonomics .
the pedals , too , seem to have been located by someone who has yet to [find out] the science of ergonomics .

So Doris and Dusty in the flat read their cards and discover boredom in monotonously cyclical jazz rhythms and rhymes , while on the supposed ‘ cannibal isle ’ Doris discovers a similar tedium .
so doris and dusty in the flat read their cards and [find out] boredom in monotonously cyclical jazz rhythms and rhymes , while on the supposed ‘ cannibal isle ’ doris discovers a similar tedium .

( In the light of which it is pleasing to discover that in 1566 , when Rainoldes was a 17-year-old student at Oxford , he acted the part of a female in a play composed tor Queen Elizabeth — see Paine , The Learned Men , 23 ) .
( in the light of which it is pleasing to [find out] that in 1566 , when rainoldes was a 17-year-old student at oxford , he acted the part of a female in a play composed tor queen elizabeth — see paine , the learned men , 23 ) .

And by that open window , in the mirror , they discover bit by bit their faces and bodies .
and by that open window , in the mirror , they [find out] bit by bit their faces and bodies .

Because of this , Marx took as one of his main tasks the understanding of how this system came into being , and this was in order to discover why this system had such power of the minds of those who operated it , whether exploiters or exploited .
because of this , marx took as one of his main tasks the understanding of how this system came into being , and this was in order to [find out] why this system had such power of the minds of those who operated it , whether exploiters or exploited .

By the use of these three methods Morgan believed he had the means with which to discover the history of marriage in human societies .
by the use of these three methods morgan believed he had the means with which to [find out] the history of marriage in human societies .

Vultures discover dark side of Disney
vultures [find out] dark side of disney

We need to discover how to live with them .
we need to [find out] how to live with them .

It is a short-stay winner , however ; the most interesting growth area in recent years has been outside the big cities and the theme parks : we are following the President 's advice to ‘ Discover America . ’
it is a short-stay winner , however ; the most interesting growth area in recent years has been outside the big cities and the theme parks : we are following the president 's advice to ‘ [find out] america . ’

Florida was one of the first areas to attract the golfer , but in recent years South Carolina has become popular as European golfers discover the delights of Hilton Head ( 27 courses ) and Myrtle Beach ( 66 courses ) .
florida was one of the first areas to attract the golfer , but in recent years south carolina has become popular as european golfers [find out] the delights of hilton head ( 27 courses ) and myrtle beach ( 66 courses ) .

In only 10 per cent of cases did social work or police ‘ discover ’ the problem on their own although they are the main carriers of the interrogative role .
in only 10 per cent of cases did social work or police ‘ [find out] ’ the problem on their own although they are the main carriers of the interrogative role .

It came as a surprise to some of us to discover that , far from being an ancient , traditional system of land tenure , crofting is quite a recent phenomenon .
it came as a surprise to some of us to [find out] that , far from being an ancient , traditional system of land tenure , crofting is quite a recent phenomenon .

As you will discover , we only need our eyes to tell us where to go since windsurfing is done completely by feel .
as you will [find out] , we only need our eyes to tell us where to go since windsurfing is done completely by feel .

Trial and error is the best way to learn the timing , and most people discover that it is better to release sooner rather than later .
trial and error is the best way to learn the timing , and most people [find out] that it is better to release sooner rather than later .

It is easy , therefore , to discover the average level of per capita social product in each region .
it is easy , therefore , to [find out] the average level of per capita social product in each region .

Gedge and Solowka became interested in Socialism and actually tried to discover more about it outside the school .
gedge and solowka became interested in socialism and actually tried to [find out] more about it outside the school .

In it , he tried to discover the source of the band 's motivation .
in it , he tried to [find out] the source of the band 's motivation .

It has frequently caused feminists consternation if not dismay to discover that the writer who wrote of women 's shackles was so emotionally and intellectually shackled herself .
it has frequently caused feminists consternation if not dismay to [find out] that the writer who wrote of women 's shackles was so emotionally and intellectually shackled herself .

Just how black is n't fully apparent until about half-way through , when you discover that the glum little son ( a brilliant performance by a child , Bryan Madorsky ) of the happy couple ( Randy Quaid and Mary Beth Hurt ) has a great deal to be disturbed about .
just how black is n't fully apparent until about half-way through , when you [find out] that the glum little son ( a brilliant performance by a child , bryan madorsky ) of the happy couple ( randy quaid and mary beth hurt ) has a great deal to be disturbed about .

His dilemma continues to be one of deciding whether to attack or to stay back , and to discover how to execute a charge successfully .
his dilemma continues to be one of deciding whether to attack or to stay back , and to [find out] how to execute a charge successfully .

It begins as Einstein , the hick son of Tasmanian apple farmers , is prompted by a Newtonian falling fruit to discover gravity only 300 years apres la lettre .
it begins as einstein , the hick son of tasmanian apple farmers , is prompted by a newtonian falling fruit to [find out] gravity only 300 years apres la lettre .

What Fussell is looking for are the records of the little people , to discover what the war was like for them .
what fussell is looking for are the records of the little people , to [find out] what the war was like for them .

Shakespeare 's technique , to let us into a secret that the hero will only discover for himself at the end , is a common one in playwriting and storytelling .
shakespeare 's technique , to let us into a secret that the hero will only [find out] for himself at the end , is a common one in playwriting and storytelling .

Chapter 13 records the sending of spies into the country , to discover how well defended it is .
chapter 13 records the sending of spies into the country , to [find out] how well defended it is .

Yet it does not occur to them that God might have brought about the defeat as an act of judgement upon them , and unlike Joshua and the elders in the story of Ai in Joshua 7 , they do not bother to turn to God to discover his mind .
yet it does not occur to them that god might have brought about the defeat as an act of judgement upon them , and unlike joshua and the elders in the story of ai in joshua 7 , they do not bother to turn to god to [find out] his mind .

The morning after the ark is put in Dagon 's temple , they discover the figure of their great god sprawled on the floor , his face to the ground , in what would have been readily seen as an attitude of worship .
the morning after the ark is put in dagon 's temple , they [find out] the figure of their great god sprawled on the floor , his face to the ground , in what would have been readily seen as an attitude of worship .

It was unlikely that anything he might discover had not already come to light .
it was unlikely that anything he might [find out] had not already come to light .

In which three sisters working in a traditional pizza parlour in the Connecticut fishing village of Mystic discover some home truths about men , life and pizza sauces .
in which three sisters working in a traditional pizza parlour in the connecticut fishing village of mystic [find out] some home truths about men , life and pizza sauces .

He 's an archetypal nice bloke who is the first to get his round in at the Blighty Bar , an after-hours drinking club which we establish on the steps of the hotel after we discover that Tokyo shuts at 10.30 .
he 's an archetypal nice bloke who is the first to get his round in at the blighty bar , an after-hours drinking club which we establish on the steps of the hotel after we [find out] that tokyo shuts at 10.30 .

Even now the many and various suppliers of loam-based composts have still to discover how to get their products to customers in a state that is fit to use .
even now the many and various suppliers of loam-based composts have still to [find out] how to get their products to customers in a state that is fit to use .

Peter Acton visits the popular gardening guru and live-wire broadcaster , Harry Smith , to discover how he keeps Radio Kent gardening enthusiasts tuned in and turned on
peter acton visits the popular gardening guru and live-wire broadcaster , harry smith , to [find out] how he keeps radio kent gardening enthusiasts tuned in and turned on

This chapter has outlined the range of materials to which scientific techniques have been applied in order to discover a particular object 's provenance .
this chapter has outlined the range of materials to which scientific techniques have been applied in order to [find out] a particular object 's provenance .

As already described in Chapter 5 , we are beginning to define the range of composition of materials used by many of the principal civilisations of the past , and to discover when and where particular materials , such as brass , were first used .
as already described in chapter 5 , we are beginning to define the range of composition of materials used by many of the principal civilisations of the past , and to [find out] when and where particular materials , such as brass , were first used .

To appreciate this , imagine that you ask a friend to mark thirty numbered points randomly on graph paper ( unseen by you ) and that you are required to discover their positions , with no information other than the distances between any pairs you request .
to appreciate this , imagine that you ask a friend to mark thirty numbered points randomly on graph paper ( unseen by you ) and that you are required to [find out] their positions , with no information other than the distances between any pairs you request .

Our objective was different : not so much to plot the difficulties of later life , as to discover how people find a path through them .
our objective was different : not so much to plot the difficulties of later life , as to [find out] how people find a path through them .

Photography is a universal media by nature , this fact assures that there is a multitude of people ready to discover and appreciate the art form of photography .
photography is a universal media by nature , this fact assures that there is a multitude of people ready to [find out] and appreciate the art form of photography .

We must discover and conquer the country in which we live .
we must [find out] and conquer the country in which we live .

To discover the Hollywood roots of Nicholson and his contemporaries , it is necessary to go back in time for a moment , to get a glimpse of the prevailing wind immediately prior to their era .
to [find out] the hollywood roots of nicholson and his contemporaries , it is necessary to go back in time for a moment , to get a glimpse of the prevailing wind immediately prior to their era .

Now , he came back to the theme with a script loosely based on Poe poem , The Raven , but the connection was so loose that no one could discover what it was .
now , he came back to the theme with a script loosely based on poe poem , the raven , but the connection was so loose that no one could [find out] what it was .

While prices in many parts of northern France are still cheaper than in south west England , those who dabble in French residential property will quickly discover there are few fat profits to be made .
while prices in many parts of northern france are still cheaper than in south west england , those who dabble in french residential property will quickly [find out] there are few fat profits to be made .

Tomorrow afternoon at Wembley , where Mr Clough 's Nottingham Forest face Manchester United in the Rumbelows Cup final , they might discover how right he is .
tomorrow afternoon at wembley , where mr clough 's nottingham forest face manchester united in the rumbelows cup final , they might [find out] how right he is .

Property : When homes turn to dust Householders are suffering an unexpected legacy of Cornwall 's mining years , discover Marcus Palliser and Tom Rowland
property : when homes turn to dust householders are suffering an unexpected legacy of cornwall 's mining years , [find out] marcus palliser and tom rowland

The Quins were embarrassed to discover yesterday that Troy Coker , the wandering Wallaby , had already left England in readiness to play for Queensland against Fiji in Suva this weekend .
the quins were embarrassed to [find out] yesterday that troy coker , the wandering wallaby , had already left england in readiness to play for queensland against fiji in suva this weekend .

‘ People will slowly discover they can put down a five per cent deposit on a house without losing it in six months , ’ he said .
‘ people will slowly [find out] they can put down a five per cent deposit on a house without losing it in six months , ’ he said .

It has taken five years to get this one right and the Government will not want to repeat the mistakes of the mid-1980s when Nigel Lawson thought he had beaten inflation , only to discover that it was just sleeping .
it has taken five years to get this one right and the government will not want to repeat the mistakes of the mid-1980s when nigel lawson thought he had beaten inflation , only to [find out] that it was just sleeping .

In a Napoleon he can not discover anybody to be ; a Napoleon is a projected , dreamed-up , aimed-at type , a ‘ generalhuman ’ .
in a napoleon he can not [find out] anybody to be ; a napoleon is a projected , dreamed-up , aimed-at type , a ‘ generalhuman ’ .

However , the capitals ' sports-climbers were dismayed to discover that because of an agreement between Bendcrete and the Sobell to share profits from any organised competitions , a special sports licence was required for insurance purposes : a licence which the sports centre lacked .
however , the capitals ' sports-climbers were dismayed to [find out] that because of an agreement between bendcrete and the sobell to share profits from any organised competitions , a special sports licence was required for insurance purposes : a licence which the sports centre lacked .

For him , to discover a new writer of genius is as satisfying an experience , as it is for a lesser man to believe that he has written a great work of genius himself .
for him , to [find out] a new writer of genius is as satisfying an experience , as it is for a lesser man to believe that he has written a great work of genius himself .

It is useful for would-be choreographers to examine his ballets and discover that he mostly set them in countries possessing easily recognised characteristics .
it is useful for would-be choreographers to examine his ballets and [find out] that he mostly set them in countries possessing easily recognised characteristics .

If would-be choreographers examine Ashton 's The Dream they will discover the significant development that has been made in the structure of the old kind of romantic ballet .
if would-be choreographers examine ashton 's the dream they will [find out] the significant development that has been made in the structure of the old kind of romantic ballet .

England seem to have come an awfully long way simply to discover that it 's a small world , and the Irish did not need reminding about Murphy 's Law .
england seem to have come an awfully long way simply to [find out] that it 's a small world , and the irish did not need reminding about murphy 's law .

Maggie woke up imagining it to be morning , only to discover it was still dark .
maggie woke up imagining it to be morning , only to [find out] it was still dark .

In one school towards the end of July the staff arrived to discover that the staff room was festooned with balloons and streamers , the wine glasses were dusted off ready for use later in the day but , most importantly on the display board was a very large notice in thick felt pen :
in one school towards the end of july the staff arrived to [find out] that the staff room was festooned with balloons and streamers , the wine glasses were dusted off ready for use later in the day but , most importantly on the display board was a very large notice in thick felt pen :

This is an activity that does n't bear repeating often as sponsors sometimes discover that they have pledged themselves to give much more than they had intended and that , unlike the purchase of a raffle ticket or a ticket to a school event , there is no chance of personal gain .
this is an activity that does n't bear repeating often as sponsors sometimes [find out] that they have pledged themselves to give much more than they had intended and that , unlike the purchase of a raffle ticket or a ticket to a school event , there is no chance of personal gain .

Kelly mounted experimental structures on bearings on the table to discover the best ratio between the height of a building and the size and elasticity of the bearings .
kelly mounted experimental structures on bearings on the table to [find out] the best ratio between the height of a building and the size and elasticity of the bearings .

It is as if you discover that you spent £1000 last month , and therefore assume you will have to spend £1000 , or a bit more , next month , without ever wondering if some of your expenditure was wasted .
it is as if you [find out] that you spent £1000 last month , and therefore assume you will have to spend £1000 , or a bit more , next month , without ever wondering if some of your expenditure was wasted .

On another occasion he described how he had ‘ once spent several hours on a bicycle with a friend in a serious attempt to discover the real spot but the search ended in failure though tourists assure me positively that they found it without difficulty ’ .
on another occasion he described how he had ‘ once spent several hours on a bicycle with a friend in a serious attempt to [find out] the real spot but the search ended in failure though tourists assure me positively that they found it without difficulty ’ .

The view taken here is that parents may not be able to cope , and certainly they will feel this when they first discover that their child is handicapped .
the view taken here is that parents may not be able to cope , and certainly they will feel this when they first [find out] that their child is handicapped .

In time , however , they may learn to cope and discover a great deal in the child they have raised , which may lead a life which is no less happy , but just ‘ different ’ to that of others in some ways .
in time , however , they may learn to cope and [find out] a great deal in the child they have raised , which may lead a life which is no less happy , but just ‘ different ’ to that of others in some ways .

Dr. Briant has told us how his project is operating , and what he expects to discover from it .
dr. briant has told us how his project is operating , and what he expects to [find out] from it .

Exactly how many calls are monitored in this manner is not easy to discover .
exactly how many calls are monitored in this manner is not easy to [find out] .

Considering that Russia had not engaged in naval warfare for some 50 years and that its industrial economy had been almost totally destroyed during the war , it came as a considerable shock to discover that it was capable of building such a strikingly graceful , and powerful , class of warship .
considering that russia had not engaged in naval warfare for some 50 years and that its industrial economy had been almost totally destroyed during the war , it came as a considerable shock to [find out] that it was capable of building such a strikingly graceful , and powerful , class of warship .

Irvin Ehrenpreis claims , for example , that ‘ Wordsworth 's sympathetic , even rapt interest in common people for their own sake is hard to discover in the verse or prose of an earlier writer .
irvin ehrenpreis claims , for example , that ‘ wordsworth 's sympathetic , even rapt interest in common people for their own sake is hard to [find out] in the verse or prose of an earlier writer .

It was not hard to discover contemporary instances of talent struggling against a lack of education .
it was not hard to [find out] contemporary instances of talent struggling against a lack of education .

Max Jacob was delighted to discover ‘ an English poetess who gets drunk alone with a bottle of whisky ’ .
max jacob was delighted to [find out] ‘ an english poetess who gets drunk alone with a bottle of whisky ’ .

Communication will have failed if the listener does not discover which platform the train leaves from or how to load the program into the computer .
communication will have failed if the listener does not [find out] which platform the train leaves from or how to load the program into the computer .

( iii ) They should be taught how to skim-read so that they are able to discover the structure and gist of a text quickly .
( iii ) they should be taught how to skim-read so that they are able to [find out] the structure and gist of a text quickly .

‘ It will be interesting to discover . ’
‘ it will be interesting to [find out] . ’

‘ You are going to have a word with your dissolute friends , and discover where these girls are to be found .
‘ you are going to have a word with your dissolute friends , and [find out] where these girls are to be found .

We have been unable to discover what all this apparatus is for and wondered if you might be able to shed some light on the matter ? By the way , the ‘ box ’ had a had a hole in it ; disconnecting it from the air intake manifold and replacing it with a blank plug seems to have solved our original problem with no immediately apparent side-effects .
we have been unable to [find out] what all this apparatus is for and wondered if you might be able to shed some light on the matter ? by the way , the ‘ box ’ had a had a hole in it ; disconnecting it from the air intake manifold and replacing it with a blank plug seems to have solved our original problem with no immediately apparent side-effects .

Because the reasons against the acceptance of authority vary it is not possible to discover in advance how strong the reasons for acceptance of the authority need be to be sufficient .
because the reasons against the acceptance of authority vary it is not possible to [find out] in advance how strong the reasons for acceptance of the authority need be to be sufficient .

Only after the event was over did we discover that he had in fact contributed to a booklet produced just before the 1987 general election by the Society of Conservative Lawyers .
only after the event was over did we [find out] that he had in fact contributed to a booklet produced just before the 1987 general election by the society of conservative lawyers .

Opinion takes a world of countries so much for granted , it is mildly shocking to discover how recent the concept is .
opinion takes a world of countries so much for granted , it is mildly shocking to [find out] how recent the concept is .

They ‘ discover ’ what is supposedly pre-existing , an ancient collective identity .
they ‘ [find out] ’ what is supposedly pre-existing , an ancient collective identity .

In the same way , in religious conversion people ‘ discover , God , a pre-existing reality .
in the same way , in religious conversion people ‘ [find out] , god , a pre-existing reality .

Friends of Piatakov restrained him from time to time lest Lenin discover the truth .
friends of piatakov restrained him from time to time lest lenin [find out] the truth .

The rise of ‘ put-and-take ’ fisheries has paralleled a great explosion of interest in game fishing ; and as more and more people discover the delights of angling , tackle manufacturers have been quick to cash in on this growing demand .
the rise of ‘ put-and-take ’ fisheries has paralleled a great explosion of interest in game fishing ; and as more and more people [find out] the delights of angling , tackle manufacturers have been quick to cash in on this growing demand .

On the way , you should also discover one of Scotland 's most spectacular waterfalls , Eas Coul , ‘ the maiden 's tresses ’ , four times higher than Niagara Falls .
on the way , you should also [find out] one of scotland 's most spectacular waterfalls , eas coul , ‘ the maiden 's tresses ’ , four times higher than niagara falls .

Callahan had advised me to devote myself to one simple and perhaps impossible mission : to discover the etymology of the word cowabunga .
callahan had advised me to devote myself to one simple and perhaps impossible mission : to [find out] the etymology of the word cowabunga .

Accordingly , nothing in his framework was designed to stand up for liberty where the legislature saw fit to intervene with new restrictive laws , or where the courts contrived to discover or develop them ; Dicey simply assumed that this would not occur .
accordingly , nothing in his framework was designed to stand up for liberty where the legislature saw fit to intervene with new restrictive laws , or where the courts contrived to [find out] or develop them ; dicey simply assumed that this would not occur .

She writes that it was ‘ one of the best , but it did not suit John , as he was accustomed to follow his whims , and invent or discover for himself , and therefore did not like the regimentation of doing things at a given time .
she writes that it was ‘ one of the best , but it did not suit john , as he was accustomed to follow his whims , and invent or [find out] for himself , and therefore did not like the regimentation of doing things at a given time .

Equally , by exploring the environment of the class-room , it would be open to pupils themselves to discover new scientific truths , by their own empirical means .
equally , by exploring the environment of the class-room , it would be open to pupils themselves to [find out] new scientific truths , by their own empirical means .

It was disconcerting for visitors to primary schools to see teachers , who had declined to teach their pupils the multiplication tables , hoping to get them to discover for themselves how to count up books , conveniently arranged round the room in groups of four .
it was disconcerting for visitors to primary schools to see teachers , who had declined to teach their pupils the multiplication tables , hoping to get them to [find out] for themselves how to count up books , conveniently arranged round the room in groups of four .

Before she should have a chance to wake and discover the edenwort , Henry got to work on the supper .
before she should have a chance to wake and [find out] the edenwort , henry got to work on the supper .

Tossing this first layer of skin aside , he attempted to burrow deeper , only to discover yet more skin , though whether this was the outer skin that had slithered back through his advancing fingers , or a whole new layer was not apparent , but it was pretty clear that finding her windpipe , let alone getting hands round it and squeezing it , was a two-person job .
tossing this first layer of skin aside , he attempted to burrow deeper , only to [find out] yet more skin , though whether this was the outer skin that had slithered back through his advancing fingers , or a whole new layer was not apparent , but it was pretty clear that finding her windpipe , let alone getting hands round it and squeezing it , was a two-person job .

It may be surprising to discover that medieval war engines were capable of throwing huge objects , and causing extensive destruction within a besieged city .
it may be surprising to [find out] that medieval war engines were capable of throwing huge objects , and causing extensive destruction within a besieged city .

The thinking behind the wolf plan was to discover if they could regulate the deer numbers and live in harmony with the rest of the island 's wildlife .
the thinking behind the wolf plan was to [find out] if they could regulate the deer numbers and live in harmony with the rest of the island 's wildlife .

At this , the sorely-tried husband had broken into such cries of frustration and wrath that the good doctor had thrust aside his plate and gone out into the hall to discover what all the hullabaloo was about .
at this , the sorely-tried husband had broken into such cries of frustration and wrath that the good doctor had thrust aside his plate and gone out into the hall to [find out] what all the hullabaloo was about .

It is in the nature of a marriage relationship that partners once married discover things about each other that were previously unnoticed or concealed .
it is in the nature of a marriage relationship that partners once married [find out] things about each other that were previously unnoticed or concealed .

Again , it is important to try to discover the reasons for this .
again , it is important to try to [find out] the reasons for this .

Before setting out the law , it is important to discover to what extent there exists any unifying principle or premiss which draws together the individual legal rules .
before setting out the law , it is important to [find out] to what extent there exists any unifying principle or premiss which draws together the individual legal rules .

If you only discover the negligence years later , you can still claim , but there is a time limit .
if you only [find out] the negligence years later , you can still claim , but there is a time limit .

Property should come under the Trades Description Act and contracts should allow buyers to back out if they discover undeclared defects .
property should come under the trades description act and contracts should allow buyers to back out if they [find out] undeclared defects .

With John Hanning Speke he set out to discover the source of the Nile .
with john hanning speke he set out to [find out] the source of the nile .

They were the years in which we began to grow up ; in which we started to discover who it was we thought we 'd like to be ; in which our earliest ( and therefore longest-lasting ) preferences in love , music , pleasure were formed .
they were the years in which we began to grow up ; in which we started to [find out] who it was we thought we 'd like to be ; in which our earliest ( and therefore longest-lasting ) preferences in love , music , pleasure were formed .

And then the sudden lurching shift of perspective , the falling through the bottom of things , when you discover that these constants have been or could be altered after all .
and then the sudden lurching shift of perspective , the falling through the bottom of things , when you [find out] that these constants have been or could be altered after all .

Now is the time when we discover , sometimes to our own surprise , that we have interests .
now is the time when we [find out] , sometimes to our own surprise , that we have interests .

Discover that forgot to pack corkscrew , tea-towels , book of 101 Interesting Walks , storybook about Bear That Ca n't Play Piano , contraceptives .
[find out] that forgot to pack corkscrew , tea-towels , book of 101 interesting walks , storybook about bear that ca n't play piano , contraceptives .

The fundamental assumption was that Time will always discover and avenge any act of injustice .
the fundamental assumption was that time will always [find out] and avenge any act of injustice .

Leafing through the pages of Wisden , one can discover that even on the so-called fast bowlers ' pitch at Lord 's , spinners were regularly brought to the bowling crease as first change : slow bowlers such as Titmus of Middlesex , Dooland of Notts , Tribe of Northants , Wardle of Yorkshire , Walsh of Leicestershire , Hollies of Warwickshire , Mortimore of Gloucestershire and Marlar of Sussex .
leafing through the pages of wisden , one can [find out] that even on the so-called fast bowlers ' pitch at lord 's , spinners were regularly brought to the bowling crease as first change : slow bowlers such as titmus of middlesex , dooland of notts , tribe of northants , wardle of yorkshire , walsh of leicestershire , hollies of warwickshire , mortimore of gloucestershire and marlar of sussex .

It is always a matter of surprise for people who belong to nations with written constitutions to discover that whilst the British enjoy many freedoms their constitution is not a written one .
it is always a matter of surprise for people who belong to nations with written constitutions to [find out] that whilst the british enjoy many freedoms their constitution is not a written one .

Discover fascinating facts about Northampton on our summer series of guided walks around the town with specially trained Northamptonshire Tourist Guides .
[find out] fascinating facts about northampton on our summer series of guided walks around the town with specially trained northamptonshire tourist guides .

Discover the history of Hunsbury Hill .
[find out] the history of hunsbury hill .

Impressive in its sheer grandeur , the house is still partially roofed and glazed , with many rooms to explore , and a wealth of richly carved stonework to discover .
impressive in its sheer grandeur , the house is still partially roofed and glazed , with many rooms to explore , and a wealth of richly carved stonework to [find out] .

Discover the romantic ivy-covered Dower House of 1520 , deserted since its last occupant Dame Alice Knightley died in 1702 .
[find out] the romantic ivy-covered dower house of 1520 , deserted since its last occupant dame alice knightley died in 1702 .

It is unnerving to want to smile at the interviewer only to discover that your face has set and feels too stiff to move .
it is unnerving to want to smile at the interviewer only to [find out] that your face has set and feels too stiff to move .

what the interviewer is trying to discover
what the interviewer is trying to [find out]

what questions will enable you to discover whether the interviewee has all the necessary qualifications , abilities and qualities to match your mental picture of the ideal candidate .
what questions will enable you to [find out] whether the interviewee has all the necessary qualifications , abilities and qualities to match your mental picture of the ideal candidate .

Most young people who try sniffing ( and remember , those who try sniffing are only a small minority ) will only do it a few times and stop without any help from adults . But if you discover that a child has tried solvents , what can you do ?
most young people who try sniffing ( and remember , those who try sniffing are only a small minority ) will only do it a few times and stop without any help from adults . but if you [find out] that a child has tried solvents , what can you do ?

Yet the phenomenon is familiar to us all , particularly when we discover we are responsible for something for which we had blamed others .
yet the phenomenon is familiar to us all , particularly when we [find out] we are responsible for something for which we had blamed others .

These people may need to get married — trapped — to prove that they can get out , that divorce is not impossible , to discover that they can influence and do something about the situation .
these people may need to get married — trapped — to prove that they can get out , that divorce is not impossible , to [find out] that they can influence and do something about the situation .

Children love to discover that they can ‘ do ’ something new , and through the provision that is made and suggestions that are offered , each child is able to succeed at his own level .
children love to [find out] that they can ‘ do ’ something new , and through the provision that is made and suggestions that are offered , each child is able to succeed at his own level .

Next he may discover that containers full of water will stand on the bottom of a trough of shallow water .
next he may [find out] that containers full of water will stand on the bottom of a trough of shallow water .

Children may discover that the covering of sand in the tray can be pushed to one side into a mound , yet will still push back to cover the tray .
children may [find out] that the covering of sand in the tray can be pushed to one side into a mound , yet will still push back to cover the tray .

Encouraged by the teacher 's interest , they may notice differences in shape , texture and other properties , and will discover that ‘ rounded things ’ roll and so on .
encouraged by the teacher 's interest , they may notice differences in shape , texture and other properties , and will [find out] that ‘ rounded things ’ roll and so on .

As well as printing circles , the children might discover that it is possible to print a pattern of concentric circles , or print in sets of each size , or even make ordered sequences .
as well as printing circles , the children might [find out] that it is possible to print a pattern of concentric circles , or print in sets of each size , or even make ordered sequences .

Children will probably discover that patterns can be imprinted in the clay even without the provision of pattern-making tools . Their fingers will make an impression — as will the sleeve of their sweater !
children will probably [find out] that patterns can be imprinted in the clay even without the provision of pattern-making tools . their fingers will make an impression — as will the sleeve of their sweater !

Children will soon discover if there are ‘ fewer ’ bikes , chairs , etc .
children will soon [find out] if there are ‘ fewer ’ bikes , chairs , etc .

Then , as they discover more blocks and those of various shapes and sizes , building begins .
then , as they [find out] more blocks and those of various shapes and sizes , building begins .

Children often match the colours of their equipment , but sometimes the smallest spade is the same colour as the largest bucket and further conversation can be encouraged as they discover it is not always easier to fill a small bucket with a large spade , than to fill a large bucket with a small spade .
children often match the colours of their equipment , but sometimes the smallest spade is the same colour as the largest bucket and further conversation can be encouraged as they [find out] it is not always easier to fill a small bucket with a large spade , than to fill a large bucket with a small spade .

On a somewhat lesser scale is the need to discover if there is sufficient common interest and taste to enjoy living together .
on a somewhat lesser scale is the need to [find out] if there is sufficient common interest and taste to enjoy living together .

Through patient , considerate dialogue on an area of disagreement partners frequently discover common threads to build upon .
through patient , considerate dialogue on an area of disagreement partners frequently [find out] common threads to build upon .

How do we discover a person 's personality ?
how do we [find out] a person 's personality ?

Love is meeting needs , which means that anyone motivated to love automatically assumes a burden to discover what the needs are .
love is meeting needs , which means that anyone motivated to love automatically assumes a burden to [find out] what the needs are .

The taste in his mouth is stale and he blows his breath onto the palm of his hand to discover it is foul .
the taste in his mouth is stale and he blows his breath onto the palm of his hand to [find out] it is foul .

Look at the toes of its front feet and if you discover fur on its nails you will know for sure there is another rabbit still to be captured .
look at the toes of its front feet and if you [find out] fur on its nails you will know for sure there is another rabbit still to be captured .

There are occasions when after a long and difficult dig , and when a long time has elapsed before the recovery of the ferret and rabbit , you may discover that your ferret has scraped at the hindquarters of the rabbit for so long that it has broken the skin , drawn blood and started to eat the rabbit before it died .
there are occasions when after a long and difficult dig , and when a long time has elapsed before the recovery of the ferret and rabbit , you may [find out] that your ferret has scraped at the hindquarters of the rabbit for so long that it has broken the skin , drawn blood and started to eat the rabbit before it died .

You discover where the rabbits are by looking for their work .
you [find out] where the rabbits are by looking for their work .

Furthermore , to seek ‘ justice ’ when all the court is interested in is ‘ breakdown ’ is , as many respondents discover , a thoroughly dispiriting and disillusioning experience .
furthermore , to seek ‘ justice ’ when all the court is interested in is ‘ breakdown ’ is , as many respondents [find out] , a thoroughly dispiriting and disillusioning experience .

Trying to discover what grapes go into an Italian vino da tavola called Concerto is next to impossible .
trying to [find out] what grapes go into an italian vino da tavola called concerto is next to impossible .

To discover what difference the action project made ( that is , whether it delayed or prevented admission to an institution ; whether it delayed deterioration in or improved the physical , emotional or mental well-being of dementia sufferers or their carers ; whether it delayed deterioration in or improved family relationships ; whether it increased , decreased or had no effect on people 's receipt of statutory or other voluntary services ) .
to [find out] what difference the action project made ( that is , whether it delayed or prevented admission to an institution ; whether it delayed deterioration in or improved the physical , emotional or mental well-being of dementia sufferers or their carers ; whether it delayed deterioration in or improved family relationships ; whether it increased , decreased or had no effect on people 's receipt of statutory or other voluntary services ) .

To discover how cost-effective it was to sustain at home people who were judged likely to have been in an institution had it not been for the project 's services .
to [find out] how cost-effective it was to sustain at home people who were judged likely to have been in an institution had it not been for the project 's services .

Once the art of massage becomes second nature , you may begin to discover ‘ energy blocks ’ which usually manifest as cold areas in the body — perhaps the lower back or the abdomen .
once the art of massage becomes second nature , you may begin to [find out] ‘ energy blocks ’ which usually manifest as cold areas in the body — perhaps the lower back or the abdomen .

It is interesting to note that when they do discover some titbit amongst the bottom debris , they very rarely charge off with it as they normally do when picking up our hookbaits .
it is interesting to note that when they do [find out] some titbit amongst the bottom debris , they very rarely charge off with it as they normally do when picking up our hookbaits .

Personal reflection helps me discover my whereabouts and articulating this with another encourages me on .
personal reflection helps me [find out] my whereabouts and articulating this with another encourages me on .

The director will discover what is significant in the other person 's life .
the director will [find out] what is significant in the other person 's life .

But it fish be your fancy , then delve into the depths of three fresh water ponds and view their recreated natural habitats , a once in a lifetime opportunity . Discover that fishkeeping can be more than just owning a goldfish — how about a pet foot eel , or a mysterious seahorse ?
but it fish be your fancy , then delve into the depths of three fresh water ponds and view their recreated natural habitats , a once in a lifetime opportunity . [find out] that fishkeeping can be more than just owning a goldfish — how about a pet foot eel , or a mysterious seahorse ?

Discover the secret of Kevin Brown
[find out] the secret of kevin brown

Scouts had only to go to the North-east , the Birmingham area or any of the thickly populated districts to discover several players almost up to the top League standard .
scouts had only to go to the north-east , the birmingham area or any of the thickly populated districts to [find out] several players almost up to the top league standard .

The Examiner spoke of his ‘ ability to discover players who will earn laurels for themselves and their club ; indeed , his discrimination in the capture of budding players has been described as uncanny ’ .
the examiner spoke of his ‘ ability to [find out] players who will earn laurels for themselves and their club ; indeed , his discrimination in the capture of budding players has been described as uncanny ’ .

Its purpose is to discover what is both worthwhile in the literature and available ( either in print or obtainable secondhand ) and the exercise is carried out independently of existing library stock .
its purpose is to [find out] what is both worthwhile in the literature and available ( either in print or obtainable secondhand ) and the exercise is carried out independently of existing library stock .

Trainees may discover that there is no service locally that could help Sheila .
trainees may [find out] that there is no service locally that could help sheila .

He falls in with Compeyson and helps him to discover Magwitch 's hiding-place .
he falls in with compeyson and helps him to [find out] magwitch 's hiding-place .

It must have been heartbreaking for people who had been through sensational experiences to have to recount them to politely tepid audiences and to discover that their stories conformed to an orthodox pattern .
it must have been heartbreaking for people who had been through sensational experiences to have to recount them to politely tepid audiences and to [find out] that their stories conformed to an orthodox pattern .

But while this explosion of concern for the plight of animals , species and natural habitats may seem new and unprecedented , it is perhaps reassuring to discover that the basic issues involved belong to an ancient tradition .
but while this explosion of concern for the plight of animals , species and natural habitats may seem new and unprecedented , it is perhaps reassuring to [find out] that the basic issues involved belong to an ancient tradition .

Failure to do so will mean that your efforts in negotiating long-term security of tenure might be in vain , as you could eventually find the shareholders deciding to bring your contract to a premature end and discover that you are unable to claim compensation for the full period during which you expected to work .
failure to do so will mean that your efforts in negotiating long-term security of tenure might be in vain , as you could eventually find the shareholders deciding to bring your contract to a premature end and [find out] that you are unable to claim compensation for the full period during which you expected to work .

If nothing is specified , it is still important to discover what steps are open to you to challenge your employer 's judgment .
if nothing is specified , it is still important to [find out] what steps are open to you to challenge your employer 's judgment .

Coleridge — mercurial , brilliant , and prodigiously well read — opened to Poole the world of thought and learning he had longed to discover since boyhood .
coleridge — mercurial , brilliant , and prodigiously well read — opened to poole the world of thought and learning he had longed to [find out] since boyhood .

Mrs Fricker , for her part , was soon wise enough to discover ‘ a great aversion to leaving Bristol ’ .
mrs fricker , for her part , was soon wise enough to [find out] ‘ a great aversion to leaving bristol ’ .

Wordsworth probably never knew how his walks with Dorothy and Coleridge had been misrepresented by the garrulous old man , and would have been sorry to discover the truth .
wordsworth probably never knew how his walks with dorothy and coleridge had been misrepresented by the garrulous old man , and would have been sorry to [find out] the truth .

When he returned to his room Coleridge was mortified to discover that ‘ though he still retained some vague and dim recollection of the general purport of the vision , yet , with the exception of some eight or ten scattered lines and images , all the rest had passed away like the images on the surface of a stream into which a stone has been cast … ’
when he returned to his room coleridge was mortified to [find out] that ‘ though he still retained some vague and dim recollection of the general purport of the vision , yet , with the exception of some eight or ten scattered lines and images , all the rest had passed away like the images on the surface of a stream into which a stone has been cast … ’

They were prepared to discover the intention to establish such a legal relationship in facts , to construe a trust where it was clear that this was necessary to validate the testator 's intentions even though he had not realized this requirement himself .
they were prepared to [find out] the intention to establish such a legal relationship in facts , to construe a trust where it was clear that this was necessary to validate the testator 's intentions even though he had not realized this requirement himself .

He would tell them some story — precisely what , he had not decided — and in due course they would check and discover its falsehood .
he would tell them some story — precisely what , he had not decided — and in due course they would check and [find out] its falsehood .

The Webbs defined the hypothesis as ‘ any tentative supposition , by the aid of which we endeavour to explain facts by discovering their orderliness … Without the guidance of hypotheses we should not know what to observe , what to look for , or what experiment to make in order to discover order in routine .
the webbs defined the hypothesis as ‘ any tentative supposition , by the aid of which we endeavour to explain facts by discovering their orderliness … without the guidance of hypotheses we should not know what to observe , what to look for , or what experiment to make in order to [find out] order in routine .

To use criminal statistics wisely necessitates some prior work in getting to know the difference between indictable and non-indictable offences and also some legal history so that one does not suddenly discover an enormous decrease in a crime such as stealing cars when the new offence of ‘ take and drive away ’ is introduced .
to use criminal statistics wisely necessitates some prior work in getting to know the difference between indictable and non-indictable offences and also some legal history so that one does not suddenly [find out] an enormous decrease in a crime such as stealing cars when the new offence of ‘ take and drive away ’ is introduced .

But as soon as we have to commit this question to paper we discover ( or we certainly should discover ) that this is a difficult question to ask with absolute clarity .
but as soon as we have to commit this question to paper we [find out] ( or we certainly should [find out] ) that this is a difficult question to ask with absolute clarity .

You do so at an unfamiliar garage and then discover that the one you had planned to stop at was closed .
you do so at an unfamiliar garage and then [find out] that the one you had planned to stop at was closed .

You might take an unexpected turning just because it feels right , and discover a lovely place to eat .
you might take an unexpected turning just because it feels right , and [find out] a lovely place to eat .

The scientific world is beginning to discover what metaphysical teachers have known for centuries , that our world is not composed of any matter at all and that its basic component is a kind of energy or force .
the scientific world is beginning to [find out] what metaphysical teachers have known for centuries , that our world is not composed of any matter at all and that its basic component is a kind of energy or force .

When you enter this quaint Irish Shop in the village , you discover a treasure trove of Irish made goods .
when you enter this quaint irish shop in the village , you [find out] a treasure trove of irish made goods .

But if you needed any further proof , go up and watch Jill , who 's only two years old , discover the fun of swinging on a rope , or one of the adults absorbed in making a stick into a tool .
but if you needed any further proof , go up and watch jill , who 's only two years old , [find out] the fun of swinging on a rope , or one of the adults absorbed in making a stick into a tool .

Headteachers will soon discover that , among their Danish counterparts , ‘ some see themselves as curriculum leaders , others do not ’ .
headteachers will soon [find out] that , among their danish counterparts , ‘ some see themselves as curriculum leaders , others do not ’ .

His objectives were to give a guide to the better choice of an animal ; to establish the true conformation of the racehorse , setting a standard for an ideal animal to achieve maximum speed , and at any given time to discover whether the breeds had improved or degenerated .
his objectives were to give a guide to the better choice of an animal ; to establish the true conformation of the racehorse , setting a standard for an ideal animal to achieve maximum speed , and at any given time to [find out] whether the breeds had improved or degenerated .

Level three partnership works both ways and in every way and each potential partner has to discover and learn the skills appropriate to its place in the partnership .
level three partnership works both ways and in every way and each potential partner has to [find out] and learn the skills appropriate to its place in the partnership .

Although the incidence was not high , an attempt was made to discover when such constructions might be likely to occur .
although the incidence was not high , an attempt was made to [find out] when such constructions might be likely to occur .

This gets you to concentrate on them rather than yourself and you 'll discover that even the most famous people value your compliments .
this gets you to concentrate on them rather than yourself and you 'll [find out] that even the most famous people value your compliments .

There are selection interviews , exit interviews , disciplinary interviews , as well as interviews to discover people 's opinions on everything from products to politics .
there are selection interviews , exit interviews , disciplinary interviews , as well as interviews to [find out] people 's opinions on everything from products to politics .

If you examine the way people are behaving you may discover that someone else is acting as unofficial leader .
if you examine the way people are behaving you may [find out] that someone else is acting as unofficial leader .

However , if it were possible to keep careful watch over a longer period , you would discover two interesting things .
however , if it were possible to keep careful watch over a longer period , you would [find out] two interesting things .

The acid test of a skill is to watch someone else doing something effortlessly and then to try it yourself — you quickly discover that there is much more to it thin you imagined .
the acid test of a skill is to watch someone else doing something effortlessly and then to try it yourself — you quickly [find out] that there is much more to it thin you imagined .

Through this type of analysis we may discover that there is a relationship between certain socioeconomic inputs and political outputs , but we would not know how or why this relationship exists .
through this type of analysis we may [find out] that there is a relationship between certain socioeconomic inputs and political outputs , but we would not know how or why this relationship exists .

‘ And what if they discover us ? ’
‘ and what if they [find out] us ? ’

Discover the many wildlife displays in the surroundings of a traditional farm .
[find out] the many wildlife displays in the surroundings of a traditional farm .

It had been a shock to discover that for the first five years they went to homes in the country where women were paid to nurse them , and it seemed to put a stop to any hope of seeing Angel again .
it had been a shock to [find out] that for the first five years they went to homes in the country where women were paid to nurse them , and it seemed to put a stop to any hope of seeing angel again .

She had seen the two women leave the hospital with babies in their arms , so all she had to do was discover where the van had taken them .
she had seen the two women leave the hospital with babies in their arms , so all she had to do was [find out] where the van had taken them .

An afternoon to yourself to discover the treasures of this revered Cathedral City then a little nap , perhaps and later refreshed and invigorated off to a gala evening with a menu fit for a king .
an afternoon to yourself to [find out] the treasures of this revered cathedral city then a little nap , perhaps and later refreshed and invigorated off to a gala evening with a menu fit for a king .

Here in the vaulted chalk cellars of Champagne Veuve Cliquot we were to discover that Champagne reaches the parts that other breakfasts beverages do n't reach .
here in the vaulted chalk cellars of champagne veuve cliquot we were to [find out] that champagne reaches the parts that other breakfasts beverages do n't reach .

The idea that she should risk her future by dwelling in the past , raking over the cooling embers of his life in order to discover who killed him and why would have enraged him .
the idea that she should risk her future by dwelling in the past , raking over the cooling embers of his life in order to [find out] who killed him and why would have enraged him .

It was like a confession , a purging , except that her only sin had been an over-zealous curiosity , a need to discover who killed her father .
it was like a confession , a purging , except that her only sin had been an over-zealous curiosity , a need to [find out] who killed her father .

Please God , she 'd never discover who had done this to her .
please god , she 'd never [find out] who had done this to her .

The man who is convinced that his little clam-digger is much smaller than that of his peers will be delighted to discover that he is much more likely to have a greater co-efficient of linear expansion than his mates .
the man who is convinced that his little clam-digger is much smaller than that of his peers will be delighted to [find out] that he is much more likely to have a greater co-efficient of linear expansion than his mates .

Hastings Sea Life Centre takes you on a journey beneath the crashing waves that surround our coastline to discover a whole new world …
hastings sea life centre takes you on a journey beneath the crashing waves that surround our coastline to [find out] a whole new world …

These ‘ Jewels of Creation ’ are free to flutter as you discover their intriguing life story in a journey past unusual plants , set in a landscape to create a natural environment of leaf and flower for these fantastic creatures .
these ‘ jewels of creation ’ are free to flutter as you [find out] their intriguing life story in a journey past unusual plants , set in a landscape to create a natural environment of leaf and flower for these fantastic creatures .

You can discover the great square keep , and enjoy the panoramic view from the top over the town below .
you can [find out] the great square keep , and enjoy the panoramic view from the top over the town below .

The town today is one of the most interesting resorts on the south coast — as you 'll soon discover .
the town today is one of the most interesting resorts on the south coast — as you 'll soon [find out] .

You 'll also discover Sussex wine — and methode champenoise ‘ champagne ’ which regularly competes successfully against its French counterpart . Poetic justice for our defeat in 1066 ? Perhaps !
you 'll also [find out] sussex wine — and methode champenoise ‘ champagne ’ which regularly competes successfully against its french counterpart . poetic justice for our defeat in 1066 ? perhaps !

Explore the exciting underwater world at the Brighton Sea Life Centre … discover one of England 's largest collections of marine creatures from shrimps , starfish and stingrays to sensational sharks and octopus .
explore the exciting underwater world at the brighton sea life centre … [find out] one of england 's largest collections of marine creatures from shrimps , starfish and stingrays to sensational sharks and octopus .

Discover the secret of Garden Paradise .
[find out] the secret of garden paradise .

In the 1990s the report of these professional organizations who constituted a separate industry , was based on what they could discover about the applicant 's known record to date as regards prompt and full payment , on the applicant 's own assertions and , controversially ( because of possible contravention of the Data Protection Act ) information volunteered upon questioning by third parties .
in the 1990s the report of these professional organizations who constituted a separate industry , was based on what they could [find out] about the applicant 's known record to date as regards prompt and full payment , on the applicant 's own assertions and , controversially ( because of possible contravention of the data protection act ) information volunteered upon questioning by third parties .

They were risking falling foul of the law whose edge they would not find as rough as their ancestors had , but would soon discover was hurtful enough .
they were risking falling foul of the law whose edge they would not find as rough as their ancestors had , but would soon [find out] was hurtful enough .

Swearing vengeance on the villagers , he called them together to discover who had fired the fatal arrow .
swearing vengeance on the villagers , he called them together to [find out] who had fired the fatal arrow .

Not only are there some excellent buys to be had in the traditionally exclusive Champagne market , but wine enthusiasts are beginning to discover that there are some superb choices to be had among ‘ méthode champenoise ’ wines such as Cava from Spain — Sainsbury 's Cava , £4.75 .
not only are there some excellent buys to be had in the traditionally exclusive champagne market , but wine enthusiasts are beginning to [find out] that there are some superb choices to be had among ‘ méthode champenoise ’ wines such as cava from spain — sainsbury 's cava , £4.75 .

He blocks any attempt she makes to discover his role or intentions in all this .
he blocks any attempt she makes to [find out] his role or intentions in all this .

This , everyone had agreed two years back , was because women were so used to being in groups dominated by a minority of articulate men ( all groups — social , work , political ) that it was important they ( we ) should be able to discover and articulate our own understanding of all the minute day-by-day ways in which we were oppressed , and relate these to a developing understanding of the ways women were oppressed in society generally .
this , everyone had agreed two years back , was because women were so used to being in groups dominated by a minority of articulate men ( all groups — social , work , political ) that it was important they ( we ) should be able to [find out] and articulate our own understanding of all the minute day-by-day ways in which we were oppressed , and relate these to a developing understanding of the ways women were oppressed in society generally .

But with some 400 kilometres of coastline there are plenty of beaches to discover without every having to descend on the more developed resorts of Magaluf and El Arenal in the south .
but with some 400 kilometres of coastline there are plenty of beaches to [find out] without every having to descend on the more developed resorts of magaluf and el arenal in the south .

There are miles of footpaths to follow and plenty of secluded spots to discover .
there are miles of footpaths to follow and plenty of secluded spots to [find out] .

Away from the hotel there 's plenty to discover as you ramble or cycle around this little island ( cars are not allowed ) .
away from the hotel there 's plenty to [find out] as you ramble or cycle around this little island ( cars are not allowed ) .

It may be ‘ endeavour to discover new or collate old facts ’ ( The Concise Oxford Dictionary ) , or ‘ scientific or scholarly enquiry ’ ( Longman New Universal Dictionary ) , or merely ‘ advanced study of a subject , so as to learn new facts ’ ( Longman New Generation Dictionary ) .
it may be ‘ endeavour to [find out] new or collate old facts ’ ( the concise oxford dictionary ) , or ‘ scientific or scholarly enquiry ’ ( longman new universal dictionary ) , or merely ‘ advanced study of a subject , so as to learn new facts ’ ( longman new generation dictionary ) .

But the long-term consequences of those decisions , as Britain is starting to discover , can be immense .
but the long-term consequences of those decisions , as britain is starting to [find out] , can be immense .

So by looking at the mates of the heavier hens , Petrie could discover what confers desirable quality in a cock .
so by looking at the mates of the heavier hens , petrie could [find out] what confers desirable quality in a cock .

At all stages of the learning process , the learner must either ( a ) know what to do next in order to take his learning a step further , or ( b ) know what sorts of questions need to be asked and answered in order to discover what needs to be done next .
at all stages of the learning process , the learner must either ( a ) know what to do next in order to take his learning a step further , or ( b ) know what sorts of questions need to be asked and answered in order to [find out] what needs to be done next .

How is it possible for a computer to discover things ?
how is it possible for a computer to [find out] things ?

The Institute of Employment Research at Warwick University recently carried out a number of macroeconomic simulations to discover what would happen if Britain installed sufficient microelectronic technology to improve its rate of productivity growth by 1 per cent relative to its competitors .
the institute of employment research at warwick university recently carried out a number of macroeconomic simulations to [find out] what would happen if britain installed sufficient microelectronic technology to improve its rate of productivity growth by 1 per cent relative to its competitors .

Perhaps the most interesting is to discover what keeps the size of the population within such narrow bounds from year to year .
perhaps the most interesting is to [find out] what keeps the size of the population within such narrow bounds from year to year .

One of the chemists ' major aims is to discover why these particular compounds work .
one of the chemists ' major aims is to [find out] why these particular compounds work .

Certainly the Chinese people have to discover or learn acceptable meanings for the symbols of their language when they are children .
certainly the chinese people have to [find out] or learn acceptable meanings for the symbols of their language when they are children .

We have studied the sediment from the bottom of Loch Ness and Loch Morar to discover whether the sea entered either of them after the last ice age .
we have studied the sediment from the bottom of loch ness and loch morar to [find out] whether the sea entered either of them after the last ice age .

Barry Taylor , from the Government Chemist 's Laboratory , told the meeting that thin-layer chromatography could be used to discover the origin of the seeds of cannabis plants grown in this country .
barry taylor , from the government chemist 's laboratory , told the meeting that thin-layer chromatography could be used to [find out] the origin of the seeds of cannabis plants grown in this country .

The students are asked , if possible , and certainly discreetly , to discover ‘ guests ’ who have a reputation for a degree of irascibility .
the students are asked , if possible , and certainly discreetly , to [find out] ‘ guests ’ who have a reputation for a degree of irascibility .

Claims that the Sun is shrinking have led researchers to discover a more immediate danger . The Earth 's climate could change significantly in the next century
claims that the sun is shrinking have led researchers to [find out] a more immediate danger . the earth 's climate could change significantly in the next century

Conservationists could discover whether old wooden buildings are still sound , and obtain , into the bargain , information on climatic changes in previous years .
conservationists could [find out] whether old wooden buildings are still sound , and obtain , into the bargain , information on climatic changes in previous years .

Complete freedom is not necessarily a good thing , as the newly retired often discover , nor is it easy to use effectively .
complete freedom is not necessarily a good thing , as the newly retired often [find out] , nor is it easy to use effectively .

Over the past couple of years Marine Mining has spent £1.3 million surveying the sea bed to discover the most concentrated deposits of the waste , which generally forms a layer about 1 metre thick .
over the past couple of years marine mining has spent £1.3 million surveying the sea bed to [find out] the most concentrated deposits of the waste , which generally forms a layer about 1 metre thick .

It was hoped originally to discover the source of the metals .
it was hoped originally to [find out] the source of the metals .

His goal is to specify the neural circuitry underlying these behaviours and to discover how the brain changes during learning .
his goal is to specify the neural circuitry underlying these behaviours and to [find out] how the brain changes during learning .

Animals discover by experimentation what works and what does not , and so experience shapes the behaviour .
animals [find out] by experimentation what works and what does not , and so experience shapes the behaviour .

How appropriate , then , that a modern commercial nation should discover the remains of an ancient trading centre , such as Qaryat al-Fau
how appropriate , then , that a modern commercial nation should [find out] the remains of an ancient trading centre , such as qaryat al-fau

If , as naïve young hunters , they attacked a brightly coloured prey , bit it and started to chew it , only to discover that it had a foul taste or a poisonous secretion , they would probably remember it for the rest of their lives .
if , as naïve young hunters , they attacked a brightly coloured prey , bit it and started to chew it , only to [find out] that it had a foul taste or a poisonous secretion , they would probably remember it for the rest of their lives .

While the lizard scuttles away to safety , the predator is left to discover , little by little , that its apparently succulent meal is in reality no more than a scaly scrag-end .
while the lizard scuttles away to safety , the predator is left to [find out] , little by little , that its apparently succulent meal is in reality no more than a scaly scrag-end .

If we look further we can discover yet more determinants like official policies concerning building , furniture and equipment of schools , contents of national radio and television programmes and the official syllabuses for teacher training .
if we look further we can [find out] yet more determinants like official policies concerning building , furniture and equipment of schools , contents of national radio and television programmes and the official syllabuses for teacher training .

Indeed , if we did so , we should certainly discover many ambiguities and overlaps .
indeed , if we did so , we should certainly [find out] many ambiguities and overlaps .

‘ Be your age ’ is not advice to look dowdy , dull and unattractive , but a directive to discover the good looks and beauty that are proper to the new stage of life .
‘ be your age ’ is not advice to look dowdy , dull and unattractive , but a directive to [find out] the good looks and beauty that are proper to the new stage of life .

The skill in midlife is to discover the beauty that belongs to that stage in life and to accept it willingly .
the skill in midlife is to [find out] the beauty that belongs to that stage in life and to accept it willingly .

‘ Only roughly half adopted children wish to discover their birth parents .
‘ only roughly half adopted children wish to [find out] their birth parents .

Roughly half the children who are adopted feel an urgent need to discover their origins .
roughly half the children who are adopted feel an urgent need to [find out] their origins .

’ But those Who are courageous enough to face their singleness and their feelings honestly are free to discover , in the words of a Roman Catholic priest , that celibacy ‘ is not a matter of uprooting sexuality but of becoming sexual in a different way .
’ but those who are courageous enough to face their singleness and their feelings honestly are free to [find out] , in the words of a roman catholic priest , that celibacy ‘ is not a matter of uprooting sexuality but of becoming sexual in a different way .

Counsellors find that husband and wife are often amazed to discover what the other is actually thinking .
counsellors find that husband and wife are often amazed to [find out] what the other is actually thinking .

But , however much people may defend the extra-marital affair in theory , many still discover in practice that their partner 's unfaithfulness leaves them feeling deeply betrayed .
but , however much people may defend the extra-marital affair in theory , many still [find out] in practice that their partner 's unfaithfulness leaves them feeling deeply betrayed .

The problem is to discover how these familiar zones are bounded and how they are crossed .
the problem is to [find out] how these familiar zones are bounded and how they are crossed .

Once more things were happening she had not caused to happen but now there was a difference and she sat with her back to the tree trying to discover what the difference was .
once more things were happening she had not caused to happen but now there was a difference and she sat with her back to the tree trying to [find out] what the difference was .

If the birth-rate is rising , we can discover whether this is due to women bearing more children or having them younger , so that the generations succeed one another more rapidly .
if the birth-rate is rising , we can [find out] whether this is due to women bearing more children or having them younger , so that the generations succeed one another more rapidly .

Exposure to a large collection of information books enables children to discover their own interests ; in many cases ‘ passions ’ would be a more accurate description .
exposure to a large collection of information books enables children to [find out] their own interests ; in many cases ‘ passions ’ would be a more accurate description .

How else is the individual to discover individual tastes and preferences ?
how else is the individual to [find out] individual tastes and preferences ?

Here Corbett began to question any respectable citizen on the whereabouts of the Lord Bruce 's household and described to Ranulf the insignia of Bruce 's retinue in the hope that his sharp-eyed servant might discover someone wearing this livery .
here corbett began to question any respectable citizen on the whereabouts of the lord bruce 's household and described to ranulf the insignia of bruce 's retinue in the hope that his sharp-eyed servant might [find out] someone wearing this livery .

Other problems obscure the issue ; whoever killed Alexander must surely have got to the ferry first , crossed the Firth of Forth , knew the route the King was to take , carried out their plan and got away , hoping the King 's companions would not discover this .
other problems obscure the issue ; whoever killed alexander must surely have got to the ferry first , crossed the firth of forth , knew the route the king was to take , carried out their plan and got away , hoping the king 's companions would not [find out] this .

Current work will feature as a background in an appraisal , but the aim should also be to discover the success of delegating the responsibility from the viewpoint of both parties .
current work will feature as a background in an appraisal , but the aim should also be to [find out] the success of delegating the responsibility from the viewpoint of both parties .

On the other hand , an easement for the benefit of the property in question may be limited as to its use : it could be expensive to discover after subdividing a house into flats that the private drive is restricted to the use of a single dwelling .
on the other hand , an easement for the benefit of the property in question may be limited as to its use : it could be expensive to [find out] after subdividing a house into flats that the private drive is restricted to the use of a single dwelling .

Lastly , you may be perfectly healthy but are one of those increasing number of people who want to take responsibility for their own well-being and wish to discover more about themselves .
lastly , you may be perfectly healthy but are one of those increasing number of people who want to take responsibility for their own well-being and wish to [find out] more about themselves .

When the Nethercotts shifted their furniture into the wreckage , they were surprised to discover that the house was considerably bigger outside than in .
when the nethercotts shifted their furniture into the wreckage , they were surprised to [find out] that the house was considerably bigger outside than in .

After all , they were going to live in a village they had never even seen , and during the next hour or so they would discover what manner of place their new home was .
after all , they were going to live in a village they had never even seen , and during the next hour or so they would [find out] what manner of place their new home was .

She wriggled her skirt down over her thighs and when she risked a look she was relieved to discover Edward had done his trousers up again .
she wriggled her skirt down over her thighs and when she risked a look she was relieved to [find out] edward had done his trousers up again .

We were surprised to discover a smart white building with a bright pillarbox red door .
we were surprised to [find out] a smart white building with a bright pillarbox red door .

And too late do they discover that the flame burns and is lethal .
and too late do they [find out] that the flame burns and is lethal .

But even the one-tattwa 'd plants discover where light , food and water are to be found .
but even the one-tattwa 'd plants [find out] where light , food and water are to be found .

Devereux is open on this question , though he admits that we know of only some of the ‘ invisible and subtler forces that course through creation ’ and even those we are beginning to discover can occur in contexts with which we are unfamiliar .
devereux is open on this question , though he admits that we know of only some of the ‘ invisible and subtler forces that course through creation ’ and even those we are beginning to [find out] can occur in contexts with which we are unfamiliar .

You will find the sites and you will discover the right ways to approach them as well .
you will find the sites and you will [find out] the right ways to approach them as well .

Particularly appealing are two of the duets ; that between Gontran and the tutor ( almost a ‘ patter ’ duo ) , as Pausanius lists the improbable subjects which he has taught his pupil ( like metallurgy and hydrotherapy ! ) ; and the second one , a sweeping waltz between Gontran and Hélène , as they discover that it 's more fun to be two in a storm than all alone .
particularly appealing are two of the duets ; that between gontran and the tutor ( almost a ‘ patter ’ duo ) , as pausanius lists the improbable subjects which he has taught his pupil ( like metallurgy and hydrotherapy ! ) ; and the second one , a sweeping waltz between gontran and hélène , as they [find out] that it 's more fun to be two in a storm than all alone .

But if you listen to the two discs reviewed here as examples , you will discover that , in their respective vocal ranges , these artists are without equal in 1992 .
but if you listen to the two discs reviewed here as examples , you will [find out] that , in their respective vocal ranges , these artists are without equal in 1992 .

First we need to look more closely at ‘ chemicals ’ and discover exactly what they are .
first we need to look more closely at ‘ chemicals ’ and [find out] exactly what they are .

Individual chemicals can then be tested to discover which ones are to blame for the symptoms .
individual chemicals can then be tested to [find out] which ones are to blame for the symptoms .

Assuming the diet is effective , and you discover what foods or additives cause the problems , then you have to decide on a plan of action .
assuming the diet is effective , and you [find out] what foods or additives cause the problems , then you have to decide on a plan of action .

That much was real estate , available to anyone with the right money , although it did n't help to discover that Alison and her late husband , a philosophy don at Balliol , had bought it back in the early sixties for less than £2,000 .
that much was real estate , available to anyone with the right money , although it did n't help to [find out] that alison and her late husband , a philosophy don at balliol , had bought it back in the early sixties for less than £2,000 .

Analytical chemistry is also helping archaeologists at Liverpool University to discover more about the diet of our ancestors .
analytical chemistry is also helping archaeologists at liverpool university to [find out] more about the diet of our ancestors .

The composer Henri Sauguet was astonished to discover that his cat , Cody , became ecstatic when it heard Debussy being played on the piano .
the composer henri sauguet was astonished to [find out] that his cat , cody , became ecstatic when it heard debussy being played on the piano .

Some owners are distressed to discover that , after months or years of ‘ clean ’ behaviour , their pet cats start to leave messes around the house .
some owners are distressed to [find out] that , after months or years of ‘ clean ’ behaviour , their pet cats start to leave messes around the house .

The young adult cat , venturing into the garden in the spring , is excited to discover a prey that is mysteriously easy to catch .
the young adult cat , venturing into the garden in the spring , is excited to [find out] a prey that is mysteriously easy to catch .

So it comes as a surprise to discover that this is not always the case .
so it comes as a surprise to [find out] that this is not always the case .

Some may prefer to be presented with a prescribed set of facts and skills , whilst others may learn best by being encouraged to discover things for themselves , often as solutions to problems .
some may prefer to be presented with a prescribed set of facts and skills , whilst others may learn best by being encouraged to [find out] things for themselves , often as solutions to problems .

The unusual thing about this was that at Binbrook there was an engineering type called Matthew , a corporal , who also played this instrument , and it did n't take long for the two to discover each other .
the unusual thing about this was that at binbrook there was an engineering type called matthew , a corporal , who also played this instrument , and it did n't take long for the two to [find out] each other .

When they escaped with these younger , more eligible men , they loved to go to the bistros and discover French food .
when they escaped with these younger , more eligible men , they loved to go to the bistros and [find out] french food .

The main features were well known to most travellers , but Green wanted them to discover the lesser known tarns , valleys and fells of his beloved Lake District .
the main features were well known to most travellers , but green wanted them to [find out] the lesser known tarns , valleys and fells of his beloved lake district .

Recent press coverage was given to a newly married couple , both aged 85 , who arrived at their hotel to discover that they had been allocated twin beds .
recent press coverage was given to a newly married couple , both aged 85 , who arrived at their hotel to [find out] that they had been allocated twin beds .

Some women who form a relationship with another woman in middle age say that they discover a new kind of fulfilment and a sense of equality with another person that they felt escaped them before .
some women who form a relationship with another woman in middle age say that they [find out] a new kind of fulfilment and a sense of equality with another person that they felt escaped them before .

Some men feel easily humiliated when they discover they are impotent in middle age .
some men feel easily humiliated when they [find out] they are impotent in middle age .

There is much to discover at each of our stations .
there is much to [find out] at each of our stations .

With the opening of the Great Hall on 15th April 1992 , you and your family will find there is so much more to see and discover at the National Railway Museum .
with the opening of the great hall on 15th april 1992 , you and your family will find there is so much more to see and [find out] at the national railway museum .

So come and discover the Yorkshire Car Collection on Grange Street , Keighley and take a step back in time .
so come and [find out] the yorkshire car collection on grange street , keighley and take a step back in time .

Discover the beautiful Conduit Court with its famous yew .
[find out] the beautiful conduit court with its famous yew .

Discover the beauty of Rievaulx and Byland Abbeys or travel to a secluded valley where Kirkham Priory stands peacefully by the River Derwent .
[find out] the beauty of rievaulx and byland abbeys or travel to a secluded valley where kirkham priory stands peacefully by the river derwent .

Ryedale … take a step back in time and discover the treasures of this land of peace and beauty .
ryedale … take a step back in time and [find out] the treasures of this land of peace and beauty .

Discover the answers as you experience for yourself the sights and sounds of their daily lives .
[find out] the answers as you experience for yourself the sights and sounds of their daily lives .

Discover some of the key figures in this story and see for yourselves mechanical marvels past and present .
[find out] some of the key figures in this story and see for yourselves mechanical marvels past and present .

Today 's shoppers will discover sensitively-restored shopping quarters shouldering friendly markets , and pavement cafes nestling alongside high-street names .
today 's shoppers will [find out] sensitively-restored shopping quarters shouldering friendly markets , and pavement cafes nestling alongside high-street names .

— Here bird lovers can discover many exotic and rare species from around the world .
— here bird lovers can [find out] many exotic and rare species from around the world .

And if you come down on a Sunday you 'll discover street entertainment too … jugglers , fire eaters and musicians , adding colour and a festive air .
and if you come down on a sunday you 'll [find out] street entertainment too … jugglers , fire eaters and musicians , adding colour and a festive air .

But the working party goes further : ‘ By examining some examples of typical assignments set in the classroom , approached through the eyes of the pupils , we discover a series of stages that have to be worked through … We propose that this daunting list of stages , each of which calls for different information skills , can only be satisfactorily incorporated in the school 's programme by a curriculum policy built around these skills .
but the working party goes further : ‘ by examining some examples of typical assignments set in the classroom , approached through the eyes of the pupils , we [find out] a series of stages that have to be worked through … we propose that this daunting list of stages , each of which calls for different information skills , can only be satisfactorily incorporated in the school 's programme by a curriculum policy built around these skills .

Another project , ‘ Developing pupils ’ thinking through topic work ’ , has considered the other dimension of projects and attempted to discover and document teachers ' practice during topic work lessons in primary schools .
another project , ‘ developing pupils ’ thinking through topic work ’ , has considered the other dimension of projects and attempted to [find out] and document teachers ' practice during topic work lessons in primary schools .

and discover that we 're Sisters Under The Skin .
and [find out] that we 're sisters under the skin .

It could take some trial and error to discover the correct interval ; and you may need to chart the person 's pattern .
it could take some trial and error to [find out] the correct interval ; and you may need to chart the person 's pattern .

Sociological study does not aim to discover who is innocent of the charges against them and who is guilty .
sociological study does not aim to [find out] who is innocent of the charges against them and who is guilty .

In addition , the skilful corporate law-breaker or law-bender will often be able to discover new schemes to avoid or get round criminal laws that are introduced to regulate particular corporate activities .
in addition , the skilful corporate law-breaker or law-bender will often be able to [find out] new schemes to avoid or get round criminal laws that are introduced to regulate particular corporate activities .

In the last section of this chapter we will examine the attempts that have been made to find out more about the actual extent of crime , and to provide some sort of indication of the ‘ dark figure ’ of crime and to discover the ‘ real ’ rather than the recorded rate and character of crime .
in the last section of this chapter we will examine the attempts that have been made to find out more about the actual extent of crime , and to provide some sort of indication of the ‘ dark figure ’ of crime and to [find out] the ‘ real ’ rather than the recorded rate and character of crime .

the real answer , he said , lies ‘ in your own circumstances , your vocation and your character ’ ; adding , significantly : ‘ Duty only binds those who discover it and impose it upon them selves ’ .
the real answer , he said , lies ‘ in your own circumstances , your vocation and your character ’ ; adding , significantly : ‘ duty only binds those who [find out] it and impose it upon them selves ’ .

With that perspective , it is perhaps not surprising to discover that decision makers often find the external information delivered to them by knowledge workers to be not as valuable in helping to solve the task in hand as they would have wished .
with that perspective , it is perhaps not surprising to [find out] that decision makers often find the external information delivered to them by knowledge workers to be not as valuable in helping to solve the task in hand as they would have wished .

Obviously , the very first thing is to discover what societies or bodies actually exist , and then to find out who the leaders are .
obviously , the very first thing is to [find out] what societies or bodies actually exist , and then to find out who the leaders are .

Neither the Sandinistas nor Frelimo were allowed many years of peace and continuity to see the fruits of these new initiatives , or to discover their flaws , before external forces intervened .
neither the sandinistas nor frelimo were allowed many years of peace and continuity to see the fruits of these new initiatives , or to [find out] their flaws , before external forces intervened .

From the sketch my reader will discover why this sea-cot was called the Boat-house : an upturned boat forms the roof , and under this roof is the but and the ben , the kitchen and the parlour , each boasting its own snug bed-box .
from the sketch my reader will [find out] why this sea-cot was called the boat-house : an upturned boat forms the roof , and under this roof is the but and the ben , the kitchen and the parlour , each boasting its own snug bed-box .

The former used poetic and dramatic style to convey the literally awful realisation that the more science was able to discover about the machinery by which the world goes round , the more we become alone within it .
the former used poetic and dramatic style to convey the literally awful realisation that the more science was able to [find out] about the machinery by which the world goes round , the more we become alone within it .

These next few pages are the reactions of one who went to the Centre , came away evangelical and kept saying to himself , ‘ All shipshape and Bristol fashion ’ , only to fall from the crest into the deepest trough , but thankfully to climb up again to a sensible plateau and finally discover that he had been fortified in more ways than he had expected .
these next few pages are the reactions of one who went to the centre , came away evangelical and kept saying to himself , ‘ all shipshape and bristol fashion ’ , only to fall from the crest into the deepest trough , but thankfully to climb up again to a sensible plateau and finally [find out] that he had been fortified in more ways than he had expected .

In the first outcome , we discover that being female does affect likelihood of absence , but being female does not increase the chances of being in a low status job .
in the first outcome , we [find out] that being female does affect likelihood of absence , but being female does not increase the chances of being in a low status job .

In the second outcome , we discover that females are more likely to be in low status jobs , and that people in such jobs are more likely to go absent , but that being female , once type of job is controlled , does not affect absentee behaviour directly .
in the second outcome , we [find out] that females are more likely to be in low status jobs , and that people in such jobs are more likely to go absent , but that being female , once type of job is controlled , does not affect absentee behaviour directly .

We discover that there is a direct effect of both being female and job type on absentee behaviour , and an indirect effect of being female on absenteeism through the type of job women tend to hold .
we [find out] that there is a direct effect of both being female and job type on absentee behaviour , and an indirect effect of being female on absenteeism through the type of job women tend to hold .

It is thus both interesting and important to discover what factors lead this third of the population to defy the civic culture of assent .
it is thus both interesting and important to [find out] what factors lead this third of the population to defy the civic culture of assent .

Generalizations are at the heart of social scientific activity ; we aim to discover causal processes which could potentially affect everyone in society .
generalizations are at the heart of social scientific activity ; we aim to [find out] causal processes which could potentially affect everyone in society .

Dressed in Italian loafers and blessed with an elegance that even the most swinging Londoner was yet to discover , they were football 's likely lads and the undisputed leaders of the gang .
dressed in italian loafers and blessed with an elegance that even the most swinging londoner was yet to [find out] , they were football 's likely lads and the undisputed leaders of the gang .

Time was never called and the tide was soon to discover it was on a hiding to nothing .
time was never called and the tide was soon to [find out] it was on a hiding to nothing .

After a successful infancy with the junior side Johnstone Burgh , McAvennie was spotted by manager Jim Clunie and signed to St Mirren , the perpetually enterprising Paisley side whose ability to discover great footballing talent is matched only by their pressure to sell them to bigger clubs .
after a successful infancy with the junior side johnstone burgh , mcavennie was spotted by manager jim clunie and signed to st mirren , the perpetually enterprising paisley side whose ability to [find out] great footballing talent is matched only by their pressure to sell them to bigger clubs .

This thirst is a form of enthusiasm and implies a desire to discover all secrets , to become immersed in all things , and never to stop learning .
this thirst is a form of enthusiasm and implies a desire to [find out] all secrets , to become immersed in all things , and never to stop learning .

‘ You are yourself the water of life ; what shall discover that water , save the tearful eye ? ’
‘ you are yourself the water of life ; what shall [find out] that water , save the tearful eye ? ’

What we discover within this secret part of ourselves is an inner being , a soul , an inner mind , and inner life , an inner subtle-physical entity which is much larger in its potentialities , more plastic , more powerful , more capable of a manifold knowledge and dynamism than our surface mind , life or body ; especially , it is capable of a direct communication with the universal forces , movements , objects of the cosmos , a direct feeling and opening to them , a direct action of them and even a widening of itself beyond the limit of the personal mind , the personal life , the body , so that it feels itself more and more a universal being no longer limited by the existing walls of out too narrow mental , vital , physical existence .
what we [find out] within this secret part of ourselves is an inner being , a soul , an inner mind , and inner life , an inner subtle-physical entity which is much larger in its potentialities , more plastic , more powerful , more capable of a manifold knowledge and dynamism than our surface mind , life or body ; especially , it is capable of a direct communication with the universal forces , movements , objects of the cosmos , a direct feeling and opening to them , a direct action of them and even a widening of itself beyond the limit of the personal mind , the personal life , the body , so that it feels itself more and more a universal being no longer limited by the existing walls of out too narrow mental , vital , physical existence .

It is important to establish empathy with patients who have visual problems in order to discover what they might find helpful , and what is required for independence to be maintained or regained .
it is important to establish empathy with patients who have visual problems in order to [find out] what they might find helpful , and what is required for independence to be maintained or regained .

In order to discover what the patient can and can not do , the nurse will be seeking answers to the following questions :
in order to [find out] what the patient can and can not do , the nurse will be seeking answers to the following questions :

Nurses should therefore discover from patients what meaning these words have for them , so that they can be sure that they and the patients are talking about the same conditions .
nurses should therefore [find out] from patients what meaning these words have for them , so that they can be sure that they and the patients are talking about the same conditions .

There is much more to discover and there are many methods of discovery .
there is much more to [find out] and there are many methods of discovery .

One of the secrets of staying healthy is to discover what it is that tends to throw you out of balance and causes illnesses to appear .
one of the secrets of staying healthy is to [find out] what it is that tends to throw you out of balance and causes illnesses to appear .

In that practice you will discover different ways of obtaining the information to suit the different types of cases .
in that practice you will [find out] different ways of obtaining the information to suit the different types of cases .

By observing children ’ s play themes , we can discover much about the values and identities that our culture—by way of homes , child-care centers , schools , and community youth activities—transmits to the next generation .
by observing children ’ s play themes , we can [find out] much about the values and identities that our culture—by way of homes , child-care centers , schools , and community youth activities—transmits to the next generation .

A visitor to the Seagram Building in New York , for example , is surprised to discover the subtle relationship between Mies ’ bronze tower and the Italian Renaissance façade of McKim , Mead & White ’ s Racquet and Tennis Club on the other side of Park Avenue .
a visitor to the seagram building in new york , for example , is surprised to [find out] the subtle relationship between mies ’ bronze tower and the italian renaissance façade of mckim , mead & white ’ s racquet and tennis club on the other side of park avenue .

Did we need the more radical faith in equality in the sight of God to discover the imperative of treating everyone equally under the law ?
did we need the more radical faith in equality in the sight of god to [find out] the imperative of treating everyone equally under the law ?

One way or another , we will discover a second life = crouched under a Mars rock , frozen in time ; limpid in some pool on Titan , in some test tube in Nebraska in the next few decades .
one way or another , we will [find out] a second life = crouched under a mars rock , frozen in time ; limpid in some pool on titan , in some test tube in nebraska in the next few decades .

We will discover a second life , one way or another .
we will [find out] a second life , one way or another .

The consulting companies of McKinsey , Coopers and Lybrand , Anderson , and Ernst and Young began visiting the Santa Fe Institute to learn about the “ new sciences of complexity. ” In due course , Chris Meyer at the Center for Business Innovation at Ernst and Young asked me if I might be interested in forming a fifty-fifty partnership with E and Y to discover if complexity science , that nuanced term , could be applied in the practical world .
the consulting companies of mckinsey , coopers and lybrand , anderson , and ernst and young began visiting the santa fe institute to learn about the “ new sciences of complexity. ” in due course , chris meyer at the center for business innovation at ernst and young asked me if i might be interested in forming a fifty-fifty partnership with e and y to [find out] if complexity science , that nuanced term , could be applied in the practical world .

Both implicitly and , with modest work , explicitly , the “ piston ” object can discover that it fits into the cylinder hole in the “ engine block ” object to create a completed piston in a cylinder .
both implicitly and , with modest work , explicitly , the “ piston ” object can [find out] that it fits into the cylinder hole in the “ engine block ” object to create a completed piston in a cylinder .

The “ carburetor ” object can discover that it is to be located on top of the “ engine block ” object , connected to certain “ gas line ” objects in certain ways .
the “ carburetor ” object can [find out] that it is to be located on top of the “ engine block ” object , connected to certain “ gas line ” objects in certain ways .

The biosphere does achieve persistent measuring of displacements from equilibrium from which work can be extracted and does discover “ devices ” to couple to those energy sources such that work can be extracted .
the biosphere does achieve persistent measuring of displacements from equilibrium from which work can be extracted and does [find out] “ devices ” to couple to those energy sources such that work can be extracted .

Are there ways of thinking about the emergence of structures that measure and discover sources of energy in nonequilibrium systems , together with the emergence of structures and processes that couple to sources of energy , do work to construct constraints , and propagate the constrained release of the discovered energy such that more diverse structures , constraints , and processes can arise , de novo , in the adjacent possible of the evolving universe ?
are there ways of thinking about the emergence of structures that measure and [find out] sources of energy in nonequilibrium systems , together with the emergence of structures and processes that couple to sources of energy , do work to construct constraints , and propagate the constrained release of the discovered energy such that more diverse structures , constraints , and processes can arise , de novo , in the adjacent possible of the evolving universe ?

Along the way , you ’ re sure to discover places you never knew existed in Jamaica , worth an hour ’ s visit or several days of exploration .
along the way , you ’ re sure to [find out] places you never knew existed in jamaica , worth an hour ’ s visit or several days of exploration .

You ’ ll also want to discover the “ real ” Ibiza — the country of farmers and fishermen .
you ’ ll also want to [find out] the “ real ” ibiza — the country of farmers and fishermen .

Some families have opened up their homes to visitors and you can have an evening meal with them and discover more about their world .
some families have opened up their homes to visitors and you can have an evening meal with them and [find out] more about their world .

Many centers also offer an introductory session commonly known as the “ Discover Scuba Programme .
many centers also offer an introductory session commonly known as the “ [find out] scuba programme .

Here you will discover a commanding view of Kobe , Osaka , Awaji Island , and the Inland Sea .
here you will [find out] a commanding view of kobe , osaka , awaji island , and the inland sea .

The official Maison de la France Web site ( < www.franceguide.com > ) is also a good starting place ; the section called Discover the Regions of France directs you to local Web sites of tourist offices around France .
the official maison de la france web site ( < www.franceguide.com > ) is also a good starting place ; the section called [find out] the regions of france directs you to local web sites of tourist offices around france .

On the Rue des Trésoriers de France and Rue des Trésoriers de la Bourse , you ’ ll discover handsome 17th- and 18th-century mansions that have imposing stairways in the inner courtyards .
on the rue des trésoriers de france and rue des trésoriers de la bourse , you ’ ll [find out] handsome 17th- and 18th-century mansions that have imposing stairways in the inner courtyards .

They are very direct in their dealings with each other , as you might discover if you come across a friendly conversation among a group of friends .
they are very direct in their dealings with each other , as you might [find out] if you come across a friendly conversation among a group of friends .

This “ other ” Balearics may not be as inexpensive or as accessible as the one sold by travel operators , but if visitors venture beyond the well-trodden tracks of their packaged predecessors , they ’ ll discover a spectacularly beautiful part of the world .
this “ other ” balearics may not be as inexpensive or as accessible as the one sold by travel operators , but if visitors venture beyond the well-trodden tracks of their packaged predecessors , they ’ ll [find out] a spectacularly beautiful part of the world .

Many centers also offer an introductory session commonly known as the Discover Scuba program .
many centers also offer an introductory session commonly known as the [find out] scuba program .

You can discover the sheer underwater walls in the caldera , or visit the reef off the eastern coast .
you can [find out] the sheer underwater walls in the caldera , or visit the reef off the eastern coast .

It ’ s no surprise to discover that it is the most popular form of Greek music heard on the radio today .
it ’ s no surprise to [find out] that it is the most popular form of greek music heard on the radio today .

Indian Airlines ’ Discover India plan offers 21 days of unlimited travel and is less economic than single tickets , but buy them en bloc with confirmed reservations that you should reconfirm at each new airport .
indian airlines ’ [find out] india plan offers 21 days of unlimited travel and is less economic than single tickets , but buy them en bloc with confirmed reservations that you should reconfirm at each new airport .

Look at it from different angles and you will discover something new each time .
look at it from different angles and you will [find out] something new each time .

The tiny village has but six or seven houses , several of them fortified with coats of armor emblazoned on the doors , but if you ’ re up to an adventurous hike down the hill , hurdling a couple of gates property owners have installed to ward off crowds , you ’ ll discover a rocky section of shoreline with pristine , transparent waters ideal for swimming .
the tiny village has but six or seven houses , several of them fortified with coats of armor emblazoned on the doors , but if you ’ re up to an adventurous hike down the hill , hurdling a couple of gates property owners have installed to ward off crowds , you ’ ll [find out] a rocky section of shoreline with pristine , transparent waters ideal for swimming .

Hop the small wall and walk through groves to discover an elegantly slim taula with a fallen stone supporting the base — which has led some to speculate that it was formed this way for a reason .
hop the small wall and walk through groves to [find out] an elegantly slim taula with a fallen stone supporting the base — which has led some to speculate that it was formed this way for a reason .

Add savvy plans that keep you off the freeways during rush hour ( generally weekdays from 7am to 9:30am and 3:30pm to 7pm ) and a dash of patience for the guaranteed gridlock traffic nightmare , and you will discover firsthand why Angelenos consider their home the center of the universe .
add savvy plans that keep you off the freeways during rush hour ( generally weekdays from 7am to 9:30am and 3:30pm to 7pm ) and a dash of patience for the guaranteed gridlock traffic nightmare , and you will [find out] firsthand why angelenos consider their home the center of the universe .

To discover Langkawi ’ s 80 km ( 50 miles ) of roads , it ’ s possible to rent four-wheel-drive and standard cars , but many find bicycles and motorcycles the most attractive way to explore the island and reach the more secluded beaches .
to [find out] langkawi ’ s 80 km ( 50 miles ) of roads , it ’ s possible to rent four-wheel-drive and standard cars , but many find bicycles and motorcycles the most attractive way to explore the island and reach the more secluded beaches .

You ’ ll also discover L.A. ’ s large groups of Americans of Chinese , African , Korean , Middle Eastern , and Japanese descent .
you ’ ll also [find out] l.a. ’ s large groups of americans of chinese , african , korean , middle eastern , and japanese descent .

No matter what they expect to see in Los Angeles , visitors invariably discover sites and experiences that surprise , amuse , shock , or excite them .
no matter what they expect to see in los angeles , visitors invariably [find out] sites and experiences that surprise , amuse , shock , or excite them .

The good news , however , is that freeway exits and visitor sites are well marked , and you ’ re bound to discover an unexpected attraction to get you off the road and back to the excitement that is Los Angeles .
the good news , however , is that freeway exits and visitor sites are well marked , and you ’ re bound to [find out] an unexpected attraction to get you off the road and back to the excitement that is los angeles .

Explore the narrow alleyways that lead off Front Street to discover small shops selling collectibles or locally designed arts and crafts , or small restaurants offering local seafood .
explore the narrow alleyways that lead off front street to [find out] small shops selling collectibles or locally designed arts and crafts , or small restaurants offering local seafood .

There are many exciting moments : you look way up at a towering white cloud and discover that there ’ s a mountain emerging from the top of it ; you inch across a swaying bridge of planks hung from cables over a churning river ; or there ’ s a booming sound , and high on a mountain face an avalanche appears to roll along in slow motion as it roars down thousands of feet .
there are many exciting moments : you look way up at a towering white cloud and [find out] that there ’ s a mountain emerging from the top of it ; you inch across a swaying bridge of planks hung from cables over a churning river ; or there ’ s a booming sound , and high on a mountain face an avalanche appears to roll along in slow motion as it roars down thousands of feet .

Diving centers also offer an introductory session known as the “ Discover Scuba Program , ” which includes a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming-pool work to give you the chance to practice the basic techniques .
diving centers also offer an introductory session known as the “ [find out] scuba program , ” which includes a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming-pool work to give you the chance to practice the basic techniques .

During the last fifty years , a great deal of research has been undertaken to discover more about the great ancient societies of the Yucatán .
during the last fifty years , a great deal of research has been undertaken to [find out] more about the great ancient societies of the yucatán .

Many centers also offer an introductory session , commonly known as the “ Discover Scuba Program. ” This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming pool work , which will give you the chance to try out the basic techniques .
many centers also offer an introductory session , commonly known as the “ [find out] scuba program. ” this involves a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming pool work , which will give you the chance to try out the basic techniques .

If you look closer at the salt under your feet , you ’ ll discover that the expansion of the crystallizing mineral has heaved it into bizarre funnels , swirls , and other intricate patterns .
if you look closer at the salt under your feet , you ’ ll [find out] that the expansion of the crystallizing mineral has heaved it into bizarre funnels , swirls , and other intricate patterns .

The Montmartrobus spares you the walk and shows you some of the area in a single tour , but the best way to discover Montmartre at your own pace is to start early , at the top .
the montmartrobus spares you the walk and shows you some of the area in a single tour , but the best way to [find out] montmartre at your own pace is to start early , at the top .

You will discover a medieval world updated by the varied exotica of smoky Greek barbecues , Tunisian pastry shops , and art-house cinemas .
you will [find out] a medieval world updated by the varied exotica of smoky greek barbecues , tunisian pastry shops , and art-house cinemas .

You will get lost at times , but in so doing you may discover marvels you weren ’ t even looking for .
you will get lost at times , but in so doing you may [find out] marvels you weren ’ t even looking for .

Many centers also offer an introductory session commonly known as the “ Discover SCUBA Program. ” This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow water work , giving you the chance to try out the basic techniques before you decide to do the full open water course .
many centers also offer an introductory session commonly known as the “ [find out] scuba program. ” this involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow water work , giving you the chance to try out the basic techniques before you decide to do the full open water course .

Back on the seafront , discover the Iglesia Matriz de la Concepción ( Church of the Immaculate Conception ) .
back on the seafront , [find out] the iglesia matriz de la concepción ( church of the immaculate conception ) .

Within its 45,000 square m ( 11.1 acres ) of carefully tended landscaped gardens you will find over 1,300 species of rare and exotic birds and animals , a new area where you can discover the world of Tamarind monkeys , and of course , performing parrots entertain in the theatre .
within its 45,000 square m ( 11.1 acres ) of carefully tended landscaped gardens you will find over 1,300 species of rare and exotic birds and animals , a new area where you can [find out] the world of tamarind monkeys , and of course , performing parrots entertain in the theatre .

The city ’ s malls now outshine the shopping district of Downtown Crossing ( around the crossroads of Washington , Summer , and Winter streets ) , but here you ’ ll discover long-established department stores like Macy ’ s and Filene ’ s .
the city ’ s malls now outshine the shopping district of downtown crossing ( around the crossroads of washington , summer , and winter streets ) , but here you ’ ll [find out] long-established department stores like macy ’ s and filene ’ s .

The earliest recorded visitors arrived in 1517 , when Spanish explorer Francisco Hernández de Córdoba landed to discover a number of small temples built for the goddess of fertility Ix chel .
the earliest recorded visitors arrived in 1517 , when spanish explorer francisco hernández de córdoba landed to [find out] a number of small temples built for the goddess of fertility ix chel .

After a grueling day of sightseeing , you might not be too disappointed to discover that an evening ’ s entertainment starts and ends early .
after a grueling day of sightseeing , you might not be too disappointed to [find out] that an evening ’ s entertainment starts and ends early .

Many centers also offer an introductory session commonly known as the “ Discover Scuba Programme. ” This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming-pool work that will give you the chance to try out the basic techniques .
many centers also offer an introductory session commonly known as the “ [find out] scuba programme. ” this involves a morning or afternoon of theory and swimming-pool work that will give you the chance to try out the basic techniques .

Because of Turpan ’ s location in the Tarim Basin — at 79 m ( 260 ft ) below sea level , this is the second-deepest continental basin in the world — it ’ s startling to discover here a sizeable city where houses are supplied with electricity and running water and shady trees line the streets .
because of turpan ’ s location in the tarim basin — at 79 m ( 260 ft ) below sea level , this is the second-deepest continental basin in the world — it ’ s startling to [find out] here a sizeable city where houses are supplied with electricity and running water and shady trees line the streets .

Night dives are particularly exciting , offering a chance to discover the thriving nocturnal habitat of Los Arcos , the imposing rock formation that juts out of the southern shore of the bay .
night dives are particularly exciting , offering a chance to [find out] the thriving nocturnal habitat of los arcos , the imposing rock formation that juts out of the southern shore of the bay .

As well as Fasanenstraße , you will discover many other elegant tree-lined boulevards studded with beautiful , balconied villas , antiques shops , art galleries , and exclusive designer boutiques .
as well as fasanenstraße , you will [find out] many other elegant tree-lined boulevards studded with beautiful , balconied villas , antiques shops , art galleries , and exclusive designer boutiques .

Their home is now the apron-staged Festival Theatre , while the Avon Theatre and Third Stage put on alternative fare , offering jazz and chamber-music concerts as well as a chance to discover Canadian playwrights .
their home is now the apron-staged festival theatre , while the avon theatre and third stage put on alternative fare , offering jazz and chamber-music concerts as well as a chance to [find out] canadian playwrights .

You ’ ll understand why , in the days before the great Portuguese explorers set out from here seeking to discover the great beyond , it was known as the End of the World .
you ’ ll understand why , in the days before the great portuguese explorers set out from here seeking to [find out] the great beyond , it was known as the end of the world .

Here you will discover a labyrinth of narrow , crooked streets , cobbled alleyways , decaying old houses , former palaces , fish stalls , and bars totally unknown to tourists .
here you will [find out] a labyrinth of narrow , crooked streets , cobbled alleyways , decaying old houses , former palaces , fish stalls , and bars totally unknown to tourists .

If you hire a moped or Jeep from either hotel , there are virgin beaches to discover .
if you hire a moped or jeep from either hotel , there are virgin beaches to [find out] .

Although you will surely find your own favorite pieces , here are some of the highlights you will discover on your tour .
although you will surely find your own favorite pieces , here are some of the highlights you will [find out] on your tour .

Unfortunately the Turks destroyed the old Venetian buildings when they took the town but a network of narrow lanes and stone steps spill down to a waterfront promenade , and these have delightful architectural and lifestyle details to discover .
unfortunately the turks destroyed the old venetian buildings when they took the town but a network of narrow lanes and stone steps spill down to a waterfront promenade , and these have delightful architectural and lifestyle details to [find out] .

The challenge now is to discover how government agencies and professional organizations can promote adoption and implementation of intervention guidelines .
the challenge now is to [find out] how government agencies and professional organizations can promote adoption and implementation of intervention guidelines .

If the auditors discover serious , but previously unrecognized weaknesses , the management awareness rating will be lowered .
if the auditors [find out] serious , but previously unrecognized weaknesses , the management awareness rating will be lowered .

As agencies create information systems to provide them with cost and performance data , they discover that having the facts gives them a basis for focusing their efforts and improving their performance .
as agencies create information systems to provide them with cost and performance data , they [find out] that having the facts gives them a basis for focusing their efforts and improving their performance .

If the auditors discover serious , but previously unrecognized weaknesses , the management awareness rating will be lowered .
if the auditors [find out] serious , but previously unrecognized weaknesses , the management awareness rating will be lowered .

Agencies can use IT to inform the public about participation opportunities either through passive systems that require users to take the initiative to discover rules available for comment or proactive systems that alert interested individuals or organizations about impending regulatory actions .
agencies can use it to inform the public about participation opportunities either through passive systems that require users to take the initiative to [find out] rules available for comment or proactive systems that alert interested individuals or organizations about impending regulatory actions .

Workers may discover injuries resulting from their employment after they return home , or a prior work-related injury may require further medical attention .
workers may [find out] injuries resulting from their employment after they return home , or a prior work-related injury may require further medical attention .

Finally , workers are unlikely to discover that the employer has blacklisted or retaliated against them until they fail to be requested to work again the following season .
finally , workers are unlikely to [find out] that the employer has blacklisted or retaliated against them until they fail to be requested to work again the following season .

The questions may not come at all unless experts at the `` edge '' of the network can readily discover the clues that prompt to them .
the questions may not come at all unless experts at the `` edge '' of the network can readily [find out] the clues that prompt to them .

Binalshibh was no longer using this alias , so the German authorities did not discover that he and Ramzi Omar were the same person until after the attacks of September 11 .
binalshibh was no longer using this alias , so the german authorities did not [find out] that he and ramzi omar were the same person until after the attacks of september 11 .

Guidelines for Bioethical Research When a committee was convened to decide whether specimens of Lincoln 's blood and bones should be tested for DNA to discover whether he suffered from Marfan syndrome , ethicists voted yes but scientists vetoed the plan , claiming that the precious material should not be destroyed in case future tests would prove more effective [ 4,5 ] .
guidelines for bioethical research when a committee was convened to decide whether specimens of lincoln 's blood and bones should be tested for dna to [find out] whether he suffered from marfan syndrome , ethicists voted yes but scientists vetoed the plan , claiming that the precious material should not be destroyed in case future tests would prove more effective [ 4,5 ] .

To determine when and where this approach is applicable , we now need to discover the boundary conditions .
to determine when and where this approach is applicable , we now need to [find out] the boundary conditions .

They 're trying to discover whether CWD strains exist that can affect the length of the disease process and different regions of the brain or that can infect different species , including humans .
they 're trying to [find out] whether cwd strains exist that can affect the length of the disease process and different regions of the brain or that can infect different species , including humans .

The main objectives of the Wisconsin culling were to discover where the disease existed and its prevalence in affected areas .
the main objectives of the wisconsin culling were to [find out] where the disease existed and its prevalence in affected areas .

Today 's high drug prices are a direct consequence of a business model that uses a single payment to cover both the cost of manufacture of a drug and the cost of the research and development ( R & D ) carried out by manufacturers to discover it .
today 's high drug prices are a direct consequence of a business model that uses a single payment to cover both the cost of manufacture of a drug and the cost of the research and development ( r & d ) carried out by manufacturers to [find out] it .

When editors discover that a published author failed to declare a significant competing interest , what should they do ?
when editors [find out] that a published author failed to declare a significant competing interest , what should they do ?

The ZF-MODELS consortium , which is funded under the European Union 's Sixth Framework Programme , aims to establish zebrafish models for human diseases , discover genes that will lead to the identification of new drug targets , and gain fundamental insights into human development .
the zf-models consortium , which is funded under the european union 's sixth framework programme , aims to establish zebrafish models for human diseases , [find out] genes that will lead to the identification of new drug targets , and gain fundamental insights into human development .

Thus , if we could discover plaque at the very earliest stage , we could aggressively attack it with our full armamentarium of lifestyle modification , addressing all the factors noted above , and medications—statins , ACE inhibitors , aspirin , niacin , ezetimibe , and others—to stabilize and then reverse the process before a rupture occurs .
thus , if we could [find out] plaque at the very earliest stage , we could aggressively attack it with our full armamentarium of lifestyle modification , addressing all the factors noted above , and medications—statins , ace inhibitors , aspirin , niacin , ezetimibe , and others—to stabilize and then reverse the process before a rupture occurs .

Mouse models are used to discover new susceptibility genes that can then be assessed in patient populations , as well as to validate genes that have been directly identified in human genetic studies .
mouse models are used to [find out] new susceptibility genes that can then be assessed in patient populations , as well as to validate genes that have been directly identified in human genetic studies .

Too often , it is left up to a few investigators or community leaders to discover and quantify the adverse effects of toxins , and advocate efforts to reduce children 's exposure .
too often , it is left up to a few investigators or community leaders to [find out] and quantify the adverse effects of toxins , and advocate efforts to reduce children 's exposure .

The International Center of Indianapolis is committed to making newcomers from other countries feel welcome in central Indiana and to helping all of us to discover the multicultural aspects of our community and prepare for global challenges .
the international center of indianapolis is committed to making newcomers from other countries feel welcome in central indiana and to helping all of us to [find out] the multicultural aspects of our community and prepare for global challenges .

After all , we are hardly likely to discover laws that are incompatible with our own existence .
after all , we are hardly likely to [find out] laws that are incompatible with our own existence .

The WSJ reports that Discover , American Express and MasterCard can now be used to pay income tax bills .
the wsj reports that [find out] , american express and mastercard can now be used to pay income tax bills .

After the shooting subsides , the tenderfoot hurries ahead to discover the group 's medic ( Giovanni Ribisi ) mortally wounded , being ministered to by squadron mates hysterically pressing the dying man for instructions on how to stop his bleeding .
after the shooting subsides , the tenderfoot hurries ahead to [find out] the group 's medic ( giovanni ribisi ) mortally wounded , being ministered to by squadron mates hysterically pressing the dying man for instructions on how to stop his bleeding .

As James , Helen , and eventually Catherine are drawn into Vaughan 's world , they discover that he leads a cult of sorts , which includes Gabrielle ( Rosanna Arquette ) , who gravitated toward Vaughan after an accident that left her encased in a complicated leather-and-steel body brace .
as james , helen , and eventually catherine are drawn into vaughan 's world , they [find out] that he leads a cult of sorts , which includes gabrielle ( rosanna arquette ) , who gravitated toward vaughan after an accident that left her encased in a complicated leather-and-steel body brace .

That 's the kind of truth that reveals itself to documentary filmmakers after the fact , when they go over footage and discover unexpected patterns , dissonances , glimmers of a universe that 's richer and messier than the one they set out to portray .
that 's the kind of truth that reveals itself to documentary filmmakers after the fact , when they go over footage and [find out] unexpected patterns , dissonances , glimmers of a universe that 's richer and messier than the one they set out to portray .

Readers are encouraged to discover the legacy of fine stories he left behind , at the Journal and before that , at the Washington Monthly .
readers are encouraged to [find out] the legacy of fine stories he left behind , at the journal and before that , at the washington monthly .

Despite the indignant denials of the president 's pursuers , we 're about to discover that Flytrap is indeed about sex .
despite the indignant denials of the president 's pursuers , we 're about to [find out] that flytrap is indeed about sex .

The paper added that however dismaying it was to discover that Sydney might not have won the 2000 Olympics on merit alone , the task now was clear : `` All details in relation to the Sydney bid should be disclosed .
the paper added that however dismaying it was to [find out] that sydney might not have won the 2000 olympics on merit alone , the task now was clear : `` all details in relation to the sydney bid should be disclosed .

If you start from the premise that there are lobbyists , it is unsurprising to discover that what they do is lobby .
if you start from the premise that there are lobbyists , it is unsurprising to [find out] that what they do is lobby .

Experience , they will discover , is actually valuable .
experience , they will [find out] , is actually valuable .

It smacks of hypocrisy for Stephanopoulos to `` discover '' in 1998 that Clinton is a lying , womanizing dog .
it smacks of hypocrisy for stephanopoulos to `` [find out] '' in 1998 that clinton is a lying , womanizing dog .

Because none of the principals is talking , it 's hard to discover much about how close a relationship Lewinsky and Currie developed .
because none of the principals is talking , it 's hard to [find out] much about how close a relationship lewinsky and currie developed .

It may have come as an awful surprise to her to discover -- assuming it is true -- that her husband was still screwing around after he was elected .
it may have come as an awful surprise to her to [find out] -- assuming it is true -- that her husband was still screwing around after he was elected .

However , you 'll soon discover that clicking around the site causes an unsolicited `` Make a Contribution '' box to pop up repeatedly on your screen .
however , you 'll soon [find out] that clicking around the site causes an unsolicited `` make a contribution '' box to pop up repeatedly on your screen .

If we were to discover that none of the killers in the various school shootings were in the habit of eating pancakes for breakfast , we would have established a correlation .
if we were to [find out] that none of the killers in the various school shootings were in the habit of eating pancakes for breakfast , we would have established a correlation .

I was delighted to discover skyward prongs in the ledges of the Basilico San Marco in Venice , designed to prevent pigeons from alighting there .
i was delighted to [find out] skyward prongs in the ledges of the basilico san marco in venice , designed to prevent pigeons from alighting there .

Harford , resigned and weary , returns home , only to discover the missing mask on the bed next to his sleeping wife .
harford , resigned and weary , returns home , only to [find out] the missing mask on the bed next to his sleeping wife .

When did Lana discover Brandon 's true gender ?
when did lana [find out] brandon 's true gender ?

At one improbable moment , they almost discover themselves as lesbians .
at one improbable moment , they almost [find out] themselves as lesbians .

Faludi sets out to discover why men are so resistant to women 's advancement but ends up with a sympathetic portrait of the sorry state of American manhood , faulting the culture of `` ornamentation '' and the economy 's removal of men from meaningful jobs .
faludi sets out to [find out] why men are so resistant to women 's advancement but ends up with a sympathetic portrait of the sorry state of american manhood , faulting the culture of `` ornamentation '' and the economy 's removal of men from meaningful jobs .

We visit Caesar 's Palace and discover that the fabled Noshorium ( which Bob has been talking up for the last day ) is no more .
we visit caesar 's palace and [find out] that the fabled noshorium ( which bob has been talking up for the last day ) is no more .

Sydney Pollack directs Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas as two middle-aged strangers who discover , after a plane crash kills their respective spouses , that their loved ones were having an affair together .
sydney pollack directs harrison ford and kristin scott thomas as two middle-aged strangers who [find out] , after a plane crash kills their respective spouses , that their loved ones were having an affair together .

It is up to the buyer -- and the buyer 's title company -- to discover them in the `` chain of title '' and to determine if they have any legal force or effect .
it is up to the buyer -- and the buyer 's title company -- to [find out] them in the `` chain of title '' and to determine if they have any legal force or effect .

Then they discover , in their 30s or 40s , that money is important to them after all .
then they [find out] , in their 30s or 40s , that money is important to them after all .

Freeing yourself to discover who you actually are . ''
freeing yourself to [find out] who you actually are . ''

Thanks to the Web , it 's at least easy to discover which special interests are supporting which candidates .
thanks to the web , it 's at least easy to [find out] which special interests are supporting which candidates .

Flattered , Spock was also flustered to discover just how dependent on his advice his fans had become .
flattered , spock was also flustered to [find out] just how dependent on his advice his fans had become .

They will discover something new each time .
they will [find out] something new each time .

On the one hand , I am irritated at having to spend all this time on personal background when I am trying to get at the issues ; on the other hand , I am fascinated to discover , for example , that Molly Munger 's father is a partner of Warren Buffet , and so on .
on the one hand , i am irritated at having to spend all this time on personal background when i am trying to get at the issues ; on the other hand , i am fascinated to [find out] , for example , that molly munger 's father is a partner of warren buffet , and so on .

We seem able to use language to discover new concepts as well .
we seem able to use language to [find out] new concepts as well .

It can also mean learning that my humanity is larger than the roles I inhabit , and in the exploration of my individuality I also , paradoxically , discover the possibility of a deeper connection with many kinds of people .
it can also mean learning that my humanity is larger than the roles i inhabit , and in the exploration of my individuality i also , paradoxically , [find out] the possibility of a deeper connection with many kinds of people .

In a world of indexers , I can certainly discover , through my research , that XYZ Corp. is a great deal at a given price , but in such a world , who will pay me the price I think I deserve ?
in a world of indexers , i can certainly [find out] , through my research , that xyz corp. is a great deal at a given price , but in such a world , who will pay me the price i think i deserve ?

Doing a bit more research , I discover that in my own column I included a long sidebar which acknowledged that , while the precise numbers are in dispute , China certainly does run a large bilateral surplus vis-à-vis the United States , and tried to discuss the economic meaning of that surplus .
doing a bit more research , i [find out] that in my own column i included a long sidebar which acknowledged that , while the precise numbers are in dispute , china certainly does run a large bilateral surplus vis-à-vis the united states , and tried to discuss the economic meaning of that surplus .

Paul Goble is not the first person to discover that even the best forms of government are prone to engage in war ( `` Warlords of Democracy '' ) .
paul goble is not the first person to [find out] that even the best forms of government are prone to engage in war ( `` warlords of democracy '' ) .

Lucky audiences who caught Superstar : The Karen Carpenter Story ( it was shelved when Richard Carpenter served the producers with an order to cease and desist exhibition ) began by laughing at this elaborately posed , soft-rock femme , only to discover by the climax that the cultural forces that were eating at her ( and that kept her from eating ) had grown heartbreakingly palpable .
lucky audiences who caught superstar : the karen carpenter story ( it was shelved when richard carpenter served the producers with an order to cease and desist exhibition ) began by laughing at this elaborately posed , soft-rock femme , only to [find out] by the climax that the cultural forces that were eating at her ( and that kept her from eating ) had grown heartbreakingly palpable .

If you use your reason in the way it was intended , you will discover the wonder and mystery in God 's creation and , in turn , you will come to a greater understanding and appreciation of God .
if you use your reason in the way it was intended , you will [find out] the wonder and mystery in god 's creation and , in turn , you will come to a greater understanding and appreciation of god .

Schumer , like D'Amato , is aggressive , opportunistic , and unpleasant in more ways that I care to discover .
schumer , like d'amato , is aggressive , opportunistic , and unpleasant in more ways that i care to [find out] .

The media bemoaned the vulnerability of illegal immigrants ( trapped by their fear that outsiders will discover they 're illegal ) and congratulated Mayor Rudy Giuliani for rescuing the New York slaves .
the media bemoaned the vulnerability of illegal immigrants ( trapped by their fear that outsiders will [find out] they 're illegal ) and congratulated mayor rudy giuliani for rescuing the new york slaves .

The media bemoaned the vulnerability of illegal immigrants ( trapped by their fear that outsiders will discover they 're illegal ) and congratulated Mayor Rudy Giuliani for rescuing the New York slaves .
the media bemoaned the vulnerability of illegal immigrants ( trapped by their fear that outsiders will [find out] they 're illegal ) and congratulated mayor rudy giuliani for rescuing the new york slaves .

An article notes scientists ' inability to discover a magnet with only one pole .
an article notes scientists ' inability to [find out] a magnet with only one pole .

The mags discover the same trend : the exodus to exurbia .
the mags [find out] the same trend : the exodus to exurbia .

Actor Anthony Sher , as Stanley , is `` astonishing , as though he were plugged into a power source the rest of the world had yet to discover , '' says the New York Times ' Ben Brantley .
actor anthony sher , as stanley , is `` astonishing , as though he were plugged into a power source the rest of the world had yet to [find out] , '' says the new york times ' ben brantley .

Real MPD is incredibly rare , but therapists in the 1980s and early '90s `` diagnosed '' it in thousands of women : They hypnotized patients by the thousand , persuaded them that they had been sexually abused by family members , and then induced them to discover other personalities .
real mpd is incredibly rare , but therapists in the 1980s and early '90s `` diagnosed '' it in thousands of women : they hypnotized patients by the thousand , persuaded them that they had been sexually abused by family members , and then induced them to [find out] other personalities .

By traveling up into his brain , they discover the awesome secret of Mr. Shawn 's editing prowess .
by traveling up into his brain , they [find out] the awesome secret of mr. shawn 's editing prowess .

The book ends before the readers discover the answer , but there will , we are told , be a sequel .
the book ends before the readers [find out] the answer , but there will , we are told , be a sequel .

When they discover they 've been lied to , they stop trusting the liar -- their parents or teachers or TV commercials -- and start trusting their peers .
when they [find out] they 've been lied to , they stop trusting the liar -- their parents or teachers or tv commercials -- and start trusting their peers .

He writes : `` At the same time he has gotten more than he wanted only to discover that a dream fulfilled is no longer a dream ; it is a new and heavier weight . ''
he writes : `` at the same time he has gotten more than he wanted only to [find out] that a dream fulfilled is no longer a dream ; it is a new and heavier weight . ''

You feel , somehow , that they have always been there , waiting for you to discover .
you feel , somehow , that they have always been there , waiting for you to [find out] .

What I mean is that being a wizard is very much like being gay : You grow up in a hostile world governed by codes and norms that seem nonsensical to you , and you discover at a certain age that there are people like you -- what 's more , there 's a whole subculture with its own codes and norms right alongside the straight ( muggle ) one , yet strangely invisible to it .
what i mean is that being a wizard is very much like being gay : you grow up in a hostile world governed by codes and norms that seem nonsensical to you , and you [find out] at a certain age that there are people like you -- what 's more , there 's a whole subculture with its own codes and norms right alongside the straight ( muggle ) one , yet strangely invisible to it .

The editorial said it was `` encouraging that the Vatican considers exorcism worthy of modernisation , '' adding , `` It is reassuring to discover that the Vatican has not dropped its guard . ''
the editorial said it was `` encouraging that the vatican considers exorcism worthy of modernisation , '' adding , `` it is reassuring to [find out] that the vatican has not dropped its guard . ''

It seems that one morning in 1965 , the University of Virginia awoke to discover a cow perched on the dome of the school 's Rotunda , fifty feet above the ground .
it seems that one morning in 1965 , the university of virginia awoke to [find out] a cow perched on the dome of the school 's rotunda , fifty feet above the ground .

The Clinton push on Medicaid coverage for poor children , which will be featured in the upcoming State of the Union message , apparently came , says the Times , after the president was dismayed to discover that most states had made little progress on this since he first started talking about it early last year .
the clinton push on medicaid coverage for poor children , which will be featured in the upcoming state of the union message , apparently came , says the times , after the president was dismayed to [find out] that most states had made little progress on this since he first started talking about it early last year .

How do we discover them ?
how do we [find out] them ?

In The Innocent ( 1989 ) , a newly engaged couple comes home from a party and goes to bed to make love , only to discover that there is an intruder asleep in their wardrobe .
in the innocent ( 1989 ) , a newly engaged couple comes home from a party and goes to bed to make love , only to [find out] that there is an intruder asleep in their wardrobe .

Were he not constantly playing off a notion of a fiercely divided society , one might discover other questions and thus other important qualities of the middle class .
were he not constantly playing off a notion of a fiercely divided society , one might [find out] other questions and thus other important qualities of the middle class .

Self , it 's surprising to discover , is a painstaking realist .
self , it 's surprising to [find out] , is a painstaking realist .

Biology and the archaeological record suggest otherwise , Diamond argues in the current issue of Discover .
biology and the archaeological record suggest otherwise , diamond argues in the current issue of [find out] .

According to the October issue of Discover , David Oldach , an infectious disease specialist at the University of Maryland , and Eugene Borza , a retired historian at Penn State , have a diagnosis that accounts for all the odd phenomena : typhoid fever .
according to the october issue of [find out] , david oldach , an infectious disease specialist at the university of maryland , and eugene borza , a retired historian at penn state , have a diagnosis that accounts for all the odd phenomena : typhoid fever .

The surrealist fantasy follows John Cusack and Cameron Diaz as a husband and wife who discover how to enter John Malkovich 's brain though a miniature door in an office building .
the surrealist fantasy follows john cusack and cameron diaz as a husband and wife who [find out] how to enter john malkovich 's brain though a miniature door in an office building .

Because in sports we discover a dramatic metaphor for our desire to move into new terrain and reach goals that can be statistically measured ?
because in sports we [find out] a dramatic metaphor for our desire to move into new terrain and reach goals that can be statistically measured ?

How terrible at a party to discover that one has never seen The Grand Illusion -- one of the all-time great films -- or that one has not read , alas , a Toni Morrison novel or one does not own a Wynton Marsalis album .
how terrible at a party to [find out] that one has never seen the grand illusion -- one of the all-time great films -- or that one has not read , alas , a toni morrison novel or one does not own a wynton marsalis album .

While it is true that no author , no matter how accomplished , ever ceases to struggle with the craft of writing , there is surely a difference between that stage when one is fumbling around , trying to discover if one can even be a writer , and the stage where one is fully confident of addressing the world as nothing but a writer , because one is as compelled to write as to breathe .
while it is true that no author , no matter how accomplished , ever ceases to struggle with the craft of writing , there is surely a difference between that stage when one is fumbling around , trying to [find out] if one can even be a writer , and the stage where one is fully confident of addressing the world as nothing but a writer , because one is as compelled to write as to breathe .

The drawings in the National Gallery invite us to discover another Michelangelo , an artist of delicacy and pictorial wit .
the drawings in the national gallery invite us to [find out] another michelangelo , an artist of delicacy and pictorial wit .

Whether this document belongs in a collection of Washington 's writings seems a little dubious , given that ( as the assiduous reader will discover with a glance at the note on page 1,094 by the volume 's editor , John Rhodehamel ) Washington did not actually write these Rules but merely copied them from an English translation of a French-language Jesuit text from the 16 th century .
whether this document belongs in a collection of washington 's writings seems a little dubious , given that ( as the assiduous reader will [find out] with a glance at the note on page 1,094 by the volume 's editor , john rhodehamel ) washington did not actually write these rules but merely copied them from an english translation of a french-language jesuit text from the 16 th century .

Read Maureen Gosling 's journals about the making of Fitzcarraldo , or Bruce Chatwin 's essay on Cobra Verde , and you discover a rather different Kinski : an irascible , lonely , lovable eccentric , whose fits of rage come and go like squalls , whose childish enthusiasm for filmmaking and playacting bursts through the put-on cynicism .
read maureen gosling 's journals about the making of fitzcarraldo , or bruce chatwin 's essay on cobra verde , and you [find out] a rather different kinski : an irascible , lonely , lovable eccentric , whose fits of rage come and go like squalls , whose childish enthusiasm for filmmaking and playacting bursts through the put-on cynicism .

Three hundred pages into Sylvia Jukes Morris ' Rage for Fame and mostly enjoying myself , I was astonished to flip to the last page ( 473 ) and discover that this was only Volume 1 .
three hundred pages into sylvia jukes morris ' rage for fame and mostly enjoying myself , i was astonished to flip to the last page ( 473 ) and [find out] that this was only volume 1 .

It worked then , and so Klein -- who , as we discover , is on the chubby side -- is doing it again .
it worked then , and so klein -- who , as we [find out] , is on the chubby side -- is doing it again .

Then he compounds his error by investing these background details with portentous meanings about America and its history , and he compounds the compound by overheating the plot ( you will have to discover the details for yourself ) .
then he compounds his error by investing these background details with portentous meanings about america and its history , and he compounds the compound by overheating the plot ( you will have to [find out] the details for yourself ) .

Math , he will soon discover , is far and away the favorite of a large number of kids -- boys in particular , but that 's another discussion .
math , he will soon [find out] , is far and away the favorite of a large number of kids -- boys in particular , but that 's another discussion .

When University of Chicago researchers set out to discover which religious denominations have the best sex , they learned that the faithful do n't do all their shouting in church .
when university of chicago researchers set out to [find out] which religious denominations have the best sex , they learned that the faithful do n't do all their shouting in church .

He got his share of bad press , for which I take -- and am given -- entirely too much credit ( read my December 1986 feature story in Discover by clicking ) .
he got his share of bad press , for which i take -- and am given -- entirely too much credit ( read my december 1986 feature story in [find out] by clicking ) .

That you 've made your choices , you can read on to discover whether you 're a rational creature .
that you 've made your choices , you can read on to [find out] whether you 're a rational creature .

Wait until the Republicans discover this tactic !
wait until the republicans [find out] this tactic !

If you juggle those initial assumptions a bit , you 'll get a number other than 150 percent coming out at the end , and you might or might not discover a scenario in which discrimination is plausible .
if you juggle those initial assumptions a bit , you 'll get a number other than 150 percent coming out at the end , and you might or might not [find out] a scenario in which discrimination is plausible .

If you research Internet access providers , you 'll discover why : No company that matches EarthLink 's network of nationwide access points beats its price .
if you research internet access providers , you 'll [find out] why : no company that matches earthlink 's network of nationwide access points beats its price .

If you do your research on the World Wide Web , you 'll probably discover something else , too : a Web page ominously titled `` earthlink.net and Scientology : The Links . ''
if you do your research on the world wide web , you 'll probably [find out] something else , too : a web page ominously titled `` earthlink.net and scientology : the links . ''

Maybe the young brain is designed to respond to this situation by screaming frantically so that any relatives within earshot will discover the child .
maybe the young brain is designed to respond to this situation by screaming frantically so that any relatives within earshot will [find out] the child .

The person who actually does quit to spend more time with the family may discover that paid work is almost always more rewarding than the `` tedious work '' of child rearing .
the person who actually does quit to spend more time with the family may [find out] that paid work is almost always more rewarding than the `` tedious work '' of child rearing .

All this grim navel-gazing here in San Francisco ( not to mention all that fiber ) is enough to make a West Coast reader reach first for the New York Times on Monday morning only to discover that her own profession is in decline .
all this grim navel-gazing here in san francisco ( not to mention all that fiber ) is enough to make a west coast reader reach first for the new york times on monday morning only to [find out] that her own profession is in decline .

The more common experience is to watch a much-admired movie with high hopes only to discover that Magnolia is Short Cuts for dummies , or that Boys Do n't Cry has no ideas about its subject beyond those in any of a score of newspaper articles written about the case .
the more common experience is to watch a much-admired movie with high hopes only to [find out] that magnolia is short cuts for dummies , or that boys do n't cry has no ideas about its subject beyond those in any of a score of newspaper articles written about the case .

According to the Post , Bradley 's wife , Ernestine , likes to tell supporters about her first Knicks game , where she was amazed to discover that her `` gentle , totally open , inquisitive '' boyfriend threw elbows like a street fighter .
according to the post , bradley 's wife , ernestine , likes to tell supporters about her first knicks game , where she was amazed to [find out] that her `` gentle , totally open , inquisitive '' boyfriend threw elbows like a street fighter .

When the ball fell , a huge sign was illuminated and transmitted on every network : 2000 Discover Card .
when the ball fell , a huge sign was illuminated and transmitted on every network : 2000 [find out] card .

Voters , she writes , `` cry out for tax relief , '' and when tax breaks are given to them they `` discover the puny size of the break '' and `` turn angry . ''
voters , she writes , `` cry out for tax relief , '' and when tax breaks are given to them they `` [find out] the puny size of the break '' and `` turn angry . ''

Sometimes the isolation makes me feel like I 'm trapped in one of those post-holocaust movies from the '50s , where the lead character wakes up to discover that everyone else has been wiped out by killer robots from Venus .
sometimes the isolation makes me feel like i 'm trapped in one of those post-holocaust movies from the '50s , where the lead character wakes up to [find out] that everyone else has been wiped out by killer robots from venus .

Time 's caustic cover story ( `` War , we are shocked to discover , is not a video game '' ) derides the White House 's apparently unshaken faith in air power .
time 's caustic cover story ( `` war , we are shocked to [find out] , is not a video game '' ) derides the white house 's apparently unshaken faith in air power .

A University of Arizona student who enrolled in a class called `` Women in Literature '' was dismayed to discover that the class addressed gay and lesbian issues .
a university of arizona student who enrolled in a class called `` women in literature '' was dismayed to [find out] that the class addressed gay and lesbian issues .

Click Jenna Elfman ( kooky star of television 's Dharma and Greg ) , scroll through her categories -- health and beauty aids , home electronics , medical and dental , non-ferrous metals -- click heavy equipment , click earth moving machinery , click backhoe , and discover that Jenna is nuts about Caterpillar .
click jenna elfman ( kooky star of television 's dharma and greg ) , scroll through her categories -- health and beauty aids , home electronics , medical and dental , non-ferrous metals -- click heavy equipment , click earth moving machinery , click backhoe , and [find out] that jenna is nuts about caterpillar .

Molly Ringwald plays a quirky , intelligent sophomore who wakes up to discover that everyone in her family has forgotten her birthday .
molly ringwald plays a quirky , intelligent sophomore who wakes up to [find out] that everyone in her family has forgotten her birthday .

It is , of course , every politician 's fantasy to discover that an opponent molests children .
it is , of course , every politician 's fantasy to [find out] that an opponent molests children .

We were alarmed to discover that it is riddled with typographical errors !
we were alarmed to [find out] that it is riddled with typographical errors !

At the other extreme , if we discover that Bill Gates murdered Vince Foster , or a similar megascoop , journalistic bravado will easily triumph over corporate loyalty .
at the other extreme , if we [find out] that bill gates murdered vince foster , or a similar megascoop , journalistic bravado will easily triumph over corporate loyalty .

If you do happen to discover a flaw in Slate Explorer , just keep it to yourself , OK ?
if you do happen to [find out] a flaw in slate explorer , just keep it to yourself , ok ?

The thick , floor-length skirt produced the sense of complex , secret treasures difficult ( and perhaps unwise ) to discover .
the thick , floor-length skirt produced the sense of complex , secret treasures difficult ( and perhaps unwise ) to [find out] .

If you look hard enough , you can `` discover '' all sorts of hidden messages .
if you look hard enough , you can `` [find out] '' all sorts of hidden messages .

Because if the press ever did decide to move seriously past politics , it would discover that the real threat to Hong Kong 's future may have as much to do with Chinese-style capitalism as with Chinese-style communism .
because if the press ever did decide to move seriously past politics , it would [find out] that the real threat to hong kong 's future may have as much to do with chinese-style capitalism as with chinese-style communism .

Were the legions of reporters to look as closely at Tung 's business as they do his politics , moreover , they might discover that he is closer to a Korean chaebol chieftain than to a Hong Kong entrepreneur .
were the legions of reporters to look as closely at tung 's business as they do his politics , moreover , they might [find out] that he is closer to a korean chaebol chieftain than to a hong kong entrepreneur .

While normally reports on allergies might not rouse the Sunday morning reader , I 'm sure most will read on to discover that , indeed , the afflicted are equally irritated by latex precautions for other extremities .
while normally reports on allergies might not rouse the sunday morning reader , i 'm sure most will read on to [find out] that , indeed , the afflicted are equally irritated by latex precautions for other extremities .

A WP front-pager looks beneath the veneer of Elizabeth Dole 's self-described accomplishments as head of the Red Cross to discover in her tenure there a more mixed record .
a wp front-pager looks beneath the veneer of elizabeth dole 's self-described accomplishments as head of the red cross to [find out] in her tenure there a more mixed record .

Then there 's intrepid WP reporter Libby Ingrid Copeland 's tireless 575-word effort to discover things that have the same circumference as Mark McGwire 's arms .
then there 's intrepid wp reporter libby ingrid copeland 's tireless 575-word effort to [find out] things that have the same circumference as mark mcgwire 's arms .

Having been hooked by this line -- and by a follow-up report that Miami customers prefer ivory-colored undergarments to black ones by 10:1 -- TP was deeply disappointed to discover that the article was really about a Virginia-based company called Microstrategy , whose products help companies sort through their databases .
having been hooked by this line -- and by a follow-up report that miami customers prefer ivory-colored undergarments to black ones by 10:1 -- tp was deeply disappointed to [find out] that the article was really about a virginia-based company called microstrategy , whose products help companies sort through their databases .

The interest in man 's forebears did not become fashionable upon the publication , a few years ago , of Roots : on a far larger scale , we have been trying to discover all we can about the origins not of men but of man .
the interest in man 's forebears did not become fashionable upon the publication , a few years ago , of roots : on a far larger scale , we have been trying to [find out] all we can about the origins not of men but of man .

The only male Rose I can discover is the nickname of the unlovely villain , Rose Noble , in Dornford Yates 's 1930s ' thriller Blind Corner .
the only male rose i can [find out] is the nickname of the unlovely villain , rose noble , in dornford yates 's 1930s ' thriller blind corner .

Parallels are difficult to discover , except fragmentarily .
parallels are difficult to [find out] , except fragmentarily .

We discover more culinary madness in the revelations that English muffins were n't invented in England , French fries in France , or Danish pastries in Denmark .
we [find out] more culinary madness in the revelations that english muffins were n't invented in england , french fries in france , or danish pastries in denmark .

Does it not seem just a little bizarre that we can make amends but never just one “ amend ” ; that no matter how carefully we comb through history , we can never discover just one “ annal ” ; that , sifting through the wreckage of a disaster , we can never find just one “ smithereen ” ; and that we never contract a single “ heebie-jeebie ” ?
does it not seem just a little bizarre that we can make amends but never just one “ amend ” ; that no matter how carefully we comb through history , we can never [find out] just one “ annal ” ; that , sifting through the wreckage of a disaster , we can never find just one “ smithereen ” ; and that we never contract a single “ heebie-jeebie ” ?

Nineteenth-Century English It is always a good idea to read an author 's preface ( or foreword ) to discover the purpose of a book before reading and , certainly , before reviewing it .
nineteenth-century english it is always a good idea to read an author 's preface ( or foreword ) to [find out] the purpose of a book before reading and , certainly , before reviewing it .

Thus , the user has to come to the dictionary already aware that peace-offering and peace-pipe are hyphenated , so they are listed under peace , while peacemaker and peacetime are solid , hence are headwords : that is not very helpful if , as is most likely , the user merely wanted to discover whether the word he was seeking is spelled with a hyphen , as two words , or solid .
thus , the user has to come to the dictionary already aware that peace-offering and peace-pipe are hyphenated , so they are listed under peace , while peacemaker and peacetime are solid , hence are headwords : that is not very helpful if , as is most likely , the user merely wanted to [find out] whether the word he was seeking is spelled with a hyphen , as two words , or solid .

One of the great joys of recreational linguistics is the chance to do original work , to discover new techniques or better examples illustrating old ones .
one of the great joys of recreational linguistics is the chance to do original work , to [find out] new techniques or better examples illustrating old ones .

Bell did not sit down one day and say to himself , “ I think I 'll invent something called a telephone today ” any more than Columbus ( or whoever ) decided to sail west from Europe to discover America .
bell did not sit down one day and say to himself , “ i think i 'll invent something called a telephone today ” any more than columbus ( or whoever ) decided to sail west from europe to [find out] america .

After one hundred and twenty-five pages , we finally discover some demons .
after one hundred and twenty-five pages , we finally [find out] some demons .

He hurried to Santa Rosa , risking further damage to the wagon , only to discover that the hanging had been put back a week .
he hurried to santa rosa , risking further damage to the wagon , only to [find out] that the hanging had been put back a week .

Accident is indeed elusive of enduring definition , but a lawyer may find it very useful to discover a purported definition in a case of his own jurisdiction decided upon facts resembling those at hand .
accident is indeed elusive of enduring definition , but a lawyer may find it very useful to [find out] a purported definition in a case of his own jurisdiction decided upon facts resembling those at hand .

One can not discover the answer by looking up left or right in an ordinary dictionary , of course .
one can not [find out] the answer by looking up left or right in an ordinary dictionary , of course .

Such names must of course be included , though the people most anxious to discover something about the original meaning of their surnames are invariably those who bear the rarer names .
such names must of course be included , though the people most anxious to [find out] something about the original meaning of their surnames are invariably those who bear the rarer names .

Most readers of VERBATIM would , I am sure , have been as intrigued as I was to discover that a yeoman is “ an English landowner often having municipal functions ” ; that in tennis a ball is net “ when it touches the top of the summit [ sic ] of the net separating the two sides ” ; that a starting block has “ compartments in which race-horses are put before the off so they can all leave simultaneously ” ; and that brick is the English for “ a sailing-ship with two masts ” -- taking part , maybe , in a lofing match : “ in a sailing-boat regatta , the action of one of the participants consisting in an attempt to bring one of his rivals head to the wind . ”
most readers of verbatim would , i am sure , have been as intrigued as i was to [find out] that a yeoman is “ an english landowner often having municipal functions ” ; that in tennis a ball is net “ when it touches the top of the summit [ sic ] of the net separating the two sides ” ; that a starting block has “ compartments in which race-horses are put before the off so they can all leave simultaneously ” ; and that brick is the english for “ a sailing-ship with two masts ” -- taking part , maybe , in a lofing match : “ in a sailing-boat regatta , the action of one of the participants consisting in an attempt to bring one of his rivals head to the wind . ”

Consulting my Tz ' u Hai ( tz ' u ` word or phrase ' + hai ` sea ' = “ a sea of words/phrases ” ) , I discover that the Chinese meikuo is actually short for mei-li chienho-chung-kuo .
consulting my tz ' u hai ( tz ' u ` word or phrase ' + hai ` sea ' = “ a sea of words/phrases ” ) , i [find out] that the chinese meikuo is actually short for mei-li chienho-chung-kuo .

One useful function of dictionaries till recently was that they showed syllabic breaks , enabling letter- and novel-writers alike to discover where to hyphenate words .
one useful function of dictionaries till recently was that they showed syllabic breaks , enabling letter- and novel-writers alike to [find out] where to hyphenate words .

The general production of the book is poor : the paper has too much “ see-through , ” causing the type on the back of a page to interfere with the legibility ; the type is too gray ; the definitions are run into one another , with semicolons in place of definition numbers , making it difficult to distinguish senses and requiring one to read through a long entry before coming to the sense sought ; it is almost impossible to discover where a new part of speech begins ; subentries of idiomatic phrases and phrasal verbs are given the same prominence as headwords , making them easy to find but detracting from the headword treatment ; and the substandard typography has created many loose lines which poor proofreading has failed to catch .
the general production of the book is poor : the paper has too much “ see-through , ” causing the type on the back of a page to interfere with the legibility ; the type is too gray ; the definitions are run into one another , with semicolons in place of definition numbers , making it difficult to distinguish senses and requiring one to read through a long entry before coming to the sense sought ; it is almost impossible to [find out] where a new part of speech begins ; subentries of idiomatic phrases and phrasal verbs are given the same prominence as headwords , making them easy to find but detracting from the headword treatment ; and the substandard typography has created many loose lines which poor proofreading has failed to catch .

As far as I can discover , hono ( u ) r-bound and north-bound are stressed in the same way on both sides of the Atlantic , that is , by both groups of English -speakers ( not the same as English speakers ) .
as far as i can [find out] , hono ( u ) r-bound and north-bound are stressed in the same way on both sides of the atlantic , that is , by both groups of english -speakers ( not the same as english speakers ) .

In a desultory way ( I admit ) , I tried to discover more about the names , with an eye toward compiling a work on the subject .
in a desultory way ( i admit ) , i tried to [find out] more about the names , with an eye toward compiling a work on the subject .

What a pleasure , for example , to discover that one who has been tagged out at home plate is the victim of an “ out-throw. ” How reassuring to be told by one 's smiling , hooded , middleaged woman caddy that one 's drive is “ safe-o ” —that is , not unfindable ; or that one 's next shot will require a “ nine-o ” or an “ eight-o ” or a “ wedgie ” ( if one is in the “ sand-o ” ) .
what a pleasure , for example , to [find out] that one who has been tagged out at home plate is the victim of an “ out-throw. ” how reassuring to be told by one 's smiling , hooded , middleaged woman caddy that one 's drive is “ safe-o ” —that is , not unfindable ; or that one 's next shot will require a “ nine-o ” or an “ eight-o ” or a “ wedgie ” ( if one is in the “ sand-o ” ) .

For example , at lento , after showing it to have come , via Italian , from Latin lentus ` slow , ' one reads “ more at LITHE. ” If you look up the etymology for lithe you discover only that the original form of that word ( lithe in Old English ) is “ akin to ... Latin lentus slow. ” My objection to the form of the reference is that its wording suggests , “ there is more information about the etymology of lento to be found under lithe , ” but that does not actually turn out to be the case : all the user has learned is that lento and lithe are ( or might be ) cognates .
for example , at lento , after showing it to have come , via italian , from latin lentus ` slow , ' one reads “ more at lithe. ” if you look up the etymology for lithe you [find out] only that the original form of that word ( lithe in old english ) is “ akin to ... latin lentus slow. ” my objection to the form of the reference is that its wording suggests , “ there is more information about the etymology of lento to be found under lithe , ” but that does not actually turn out to be the case : all the user has learned is that lento and lithe are ( or might be ) cognates .

Finally , fictional people and places are listed in the main body of those dictionaries that include them , but real people and places appear in the appendices ; as it may be assumed that users look up things they do not know , the immediate assumption is that they ought to come to a reference book already aware that Homer was a real person ( despite speculation to the contrary ) and that Jesus was both real and , as “ the Jewish religious teacher , ” fictional ; fundamentalists will be disturbed to discover that most of the characters in the Bible are treated as fictional .
finally , fictional people and places are listed in the main body of those dictionaries that include them , but real people and places appear in the appendices ; as it may be assumed that users look up things they do not know , the immediate assumption is that they ought to come to a reference book already aware that homer was a real person ( despite speculation to the contrary ) and that jesus was both real and , as “ the jewish religious teacher , ” fictional ; fundamentalists will be disturbed to [find out] that most of the characters in the bible are treated as fictional .

He will have had no need to consult the Introduction to discover that Tætel 's name is preceded by *because it is “ inferred from comparative [ place-name ] evidence and postulated to occur. ” He will not have needed to consult the list of abbreviations to learn that OE stands for Old English , and that “ old ” in that context has a fairly specific meaning .
he will have had no need to consult the introduction to [find out] that tætel 's name is preceded by *because it is “ inferred from comparative [ place-name ] evidence and postulated to occur. ” he will not have needed to consult the list of abbreviations to learn that oe stands for old english , and that “ old ” in that context has a fairly specific meaning .

