Last month in Ghana an American missionary discovered when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rate had been doubled .
last month in ghana an american missionary [found out] when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rate had been doubled .

There are even motels for local weather peculiarities in Shamrock , Tex. , as I discovered .
there are even motels for local weather peculiarities in shamrock , tex. , as i [found out] .

The shortage was discovered after Huff failed to report for work on Sept. 18 .
the shortage was [found out] after huff failed to report for work on sept. 18 .

Yet , the GOP breakdown discovered that in Philadelphia Mr. Nixon received but 21 per cent of the so-called `` Polish '' vote ; ;
yet , the gop breakdown [found out] that in philadelphia mr. nixon received but 21 per cent of the so-called `` polish '' vote ; ;

Advertisers have discovered the tendency of Negroes to shop for brand names they have heard on stations catering to their special interests .
advertisers have [found out] the tendency of negroes to shop for brand names they have heard on stations catering to their special interests .

After returning to the United States and raising the money , he discovered on getting back to Japan that the hours were no longer available .
after returning to the united states and raising the money , he [found out] on getting back to japan that the hours were no longer available .

It would be even more valuable because that same aircraft could immediately destroy any targets it discovered -- no need to wait for a missile to come all the way from the United States with the chance that the target , if it were mobile , would be gone .
it would be even more valuable because that same aircraft could immediately destroy any targets it [found out] -- no need to wait for a missile to come all the way from the united states with the chance that the target , if it were mobile , would be gone .

We had merely been discovered by the pool sharks .
we had merely been [found out] by the pool sharks .

In the following year , 1803 , Oersted , simultaneously with Davy , discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts .
in the following year , 1803 , oersted , simultaneously with davy , [found out] that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts .

We have discovered that the outward trappings such as private offices and private secretaries are extremely important ; ;
we have [found out] that the outward trappings such as private offices and private secretaries are extremely important ; ;

Interestingly enough -- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with Blauberman -- when groups of them began playing back interviews , they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques ; ;
interestingly enough -- although none of the real-life therapists involved could conceivably compare with blauberman -- when groups of them began playing back interviews , they [found out] any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques ; ;

If the early approaches are wise , understanding and patient , the satisfactions of marital fulfillment will probably be discovered before the marriage is much older .
if the early approaches are wise , understanding and patient , the satisfactions of marital fulfillment will probably be [found out] before the marriage is much older .

Early in her life she had discovered that where there were men , there was money , and with the two came luxury and liquor .
early in her life she had [found out] that where there were men , there was money , and with the two came luxury and liquor .

Mr. A. , her fellow townsman , also experienced a nervous breakdown just as soon as he discovered that he had been bilked of his life savings by the limited practitioner who had been treating his wife -- a woman suffering from an incurable disease , multiple sclerosis -- and himself .
mr. a. , her fellow townsman , also experienced a nervous breakdown just as soon as he [found out] that he had been bilked of his life savings by the limited practitioner who had been treating his wife -- a woman suffering from an incurable disease , multiple sclerosis -- and himself .

Hudson pointed the Discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea ( now called Hudson Bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the Pacific .
hudson pointed the discovery down the east coast of the newly [found out] sea ( now called hudson bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the pacific .

They discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of Catholic students and 15 per cent of the Protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the Jewish students had this conviction .
they [found out] that , although 42 per cent of a sample of catholic students and 15 per cent of the protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the jewish students had this conviction .

On delving deeper , Walton discovered that most of the buildings fronting the Square could be classified as `` early nondescript '' .
on delving deeper , walton [found out] that most of the buildings fronting the square could be classified as `` early nondescript '' .

I discovered in the course of a visit there that almost all the pupils were Negroes .
i [found out] in the course of a visit there that almost all the pupils were negroes .

Melies , however , out of his professional instincts as a magician , discovered and made use of a number of illusionary techniques that remain part of the vocabulary of film .
melies , however , out of his professional instincts as a magician , [found out] and made use of a number of illusionary techniques that remain part of the vocabulary of film .

Only recently new `` holes '' were discovered in our safety measures , and a search is now on for more .
only recently new `` holes '' were [found out] in our safety measures , and a search is now on for more .

The process stipulates that the choreographer sense the quality of the initial movement he has discovered and that he feel the rightness of the quality that is to follow it .
the process stipulates that the choreographer sense the quality of the initial movement he has [found out] and that he feel the rightness of the quality that is to follow it .

It is through the metamorphosed dancer that the germ of form is discovered .
it is through the metamorphosed dancer that the germ of form is [found out] .

An order can be chanced rather than chosen , and this approach produces an experience that is `` free and discovered rather than bound and remembered '' .
an order can be chanced rather than chosen , and this approach produces an experience that is `` free and [found out] rather than bound and remembered '' .

Under the influence of marijuana the beatnik comes alive within and experiences a wonderfully enhanced sense of self as if he had discovered the open sesame to the universe of being .
under the influence of marijuana the beatnik comes alive within and experiences a wonderfully enhanced sense of self as if he had [found out] the open sesame to the universe of being .

The infant is discovered by a fisherman who brings him home to rear him .
the infant is [found out] by a fisherman who brings him home to rear him .

That such deficiencies existed within Ptolemy's theory was not discovered de novo by Copernicus .
that such deficiencies existed within ptolemy's theory was not [found out] de novo by copernicus .

Although after much trouble he did manage to get it back , he discovered there was no trade to be had .
although after much trouble he did manage to get it back , he [found out] there was no trade to be had .

When he discovered they had received from the Company's Court of Directors no permission to live in India , coupled with the fact that they were Americans who had been sent to Asia to convert `` the heathen '' , he became more belligerent than ever .
when he [found out] they had received from the company's court of directors no permission to live in india , coupled with the fact that they were americans who had been sent to asia to convert `` the heathen '' , he became more belligerent than ever .

`` The place had no sink or washbasin , only a bathtub '' , his mother discovered when she visited him .
`` the place had no sink or washbasin , only a bathtub '' , his mother [found out] when she visited him .

Some of the poems express a mood of joy in a newly discovered love ; ;
some of the poems express a mood of joy in a newly [found out] love ; ;

In all the talk of feudal rights , the knights and bishops must never forget the woolworkers , nor was it easy to do so , for all along the road to Italy they passed the Florentine pack trains going home with their loads of raw wool from England and rough Flemish cloth , the former to be spun and woven by the Arte Della Lana and the latter to be refined and dyed by the Arte Della Calimala with the pigment recently discovered in Asia Minor by one of their members , Bernardo Rucellai , the secret of which they jealously kept for themselves .
in all the talk of feudal rights , the knights and bishops must never forget the woolworkers , nor was it easy to do so , for all along the road to italy they passed the florentine pack trains going home with their loads of raw wool from england and rough flemish cloth , the former to be spun and woven by the arte della lana and the latter to be refined and dyed by the arte della calimala with the pigment recently [found out] in asia minor by one of their members , bernardo rucellai , the secret of which they jealously kept for themselves .

In summary , Brooks Adams felt that the nature of history was order and that the order so discovered was as much subject to historical laws as the forces of nature .
in summary , brooks adams felt that the nature of history was order and that the order so [found out] was as much subject to historical laws as the forces of nature .

He had unearthed Stephens's letters in a New Jersey farmhouse and he discovered Stephens's unmarked grave in an old cemetery on the east side of New York , where the great traveller had been hastily buried during a cholera epidemic .
he had unearthed stephens's letters in a new jersey farmhouse and he [found out] stephens's unmarked grave in an old cemetery on the east side of new york , where the great traveller had been hastily buried during a cholera epidemic .

I had to confess that I had missed these frescoes , recently discovered , that he had studied in his eighties .
i had to confess that i had missed these frescoes , recently [found out] , that he had studied in his eighties .

He was outraged by the book and announced that he had discovered fifty technical errors in its account of church practices .
he was outraged by the book and announced that he had [found out] fifty technical errors in its account of church practices .

And the second requirement for convincing people without their knowledge is artistic talent to prepare the words and pictures which persuade by using the principles which the scientists have discovered .
and the second requirement for convincing people without their knowledge is artistic talent to prepare the words and pictures which persuade by using the principles which the scientists have [found out] .

From this point of view the `` militant mobs '' of the past , stirred into action by one ideology or another , were all composed of `` intellectuals '' -- and this is not the level on which the essence of mankind can be discovered .
from this point of view the `` militant mobs '' of the past , stirred into action by one ideology or another , were all composed of `` intellectuals '' -- and this is not the level on which the essence of mankind can be [found out] .

Had Krim gone farther from New York than Chapel Hill , he might have discovered that large numbers of American Jews do not find his New York version of the Jews' lot remotely recognizable .
had krim gone farther from new york than chapel hill , he might have [found out] that large numbers of american jews do not find his new york version of the jews' lot remotely recognizable .

A significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of Prandtl numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region .
a significant effect [found out] during the study is the existence of prandtl numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region .

Another effect discovered is the large coefficient of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences straddling the nitrogen dissociation region are present .
another effect [found out] is the large coefficient of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences straddling the nitrogen dissociation region are present .

When he showed this model as his `` solution '' as to how the Howe sewing machine operated , he was told he was `` wrong '' , and discovered to his amazement that the Howe Machine , which was unknown to him in detail , used two threads while the one that he had perfected used only one .
when he showed this model as his `` solution '' as to how the howe sewing machine operated , he was told he was `` wrong '' , and [found out] to his amazement that the howe machine , which was unknown to him in detail , used two threads while the one that he had perfected used only one .

No good way to evaluate teaching ability has yet been discovered , although some institutions use inventory sheets for a list of criteria .
no good way to evaluate teaching ability has yet been [found out] , although some institutions use inventory sheets for a list of criteria .

Final ratings were made on the basis of a point system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual behaviors recorded and assigning weight values to each type of behavior that was deviant from the discovered norms .
final ratings were made on the basis of a point system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual behaviors recorded and assigning weight values to each type of behavior that was deviant from the [found out] norms .

In this manner , the factors measured by the intelligence test were controlled , allowing discovered differences in achievement to be interpreted as resulting from other variables .
in this manner , the factors measured by the intelligence test were controlled , allowing [found out] differences in achievement to be interpreted as resulting from other variables .

or allowing a deduction for payment of certain obligations of a transferor assumed in the reorganization ( section 381(c)(16) ) , but not a deduction for theft losses sustained by a transferor prior to a reorganization but discovered after it ; ;
or allowing a deduction for payment of certain obligations of a transferor assumed in the reorganization ( section 381(c)(16) ) , but not a deduction for theft losses sustained by a transferor prior to a reorganization but [found out] after it ; ;

Let us put to ourselves the hypothesis that we had not come on the scene and that the rabbit never was discovered .
let us put to ourselves the hypothesis that we had not come on the scene and that the rabbit never was [found out] .

Cook had discovered a beef in his possession a few days earlier and , when he could not show the hide , arrested him .
cook had [found out] a beef in his possession a few days earlier and , when he could not show the hide , arrested him .

A week later the Daily Journal had discovered the initial plans of some Providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring John Brown on the day of his execution .
a week later the daily journal had [found out] the initial plans of some providence citizens to hold a meeting honoring john brown on the day of his execution .

Alcinous' court bard sings of the discovered adultery of Ares and Aphrodite ( Odyssey 8 266-366 ) , and takes up a tale of Odysseus while the Ithacan wanderer listens on ( Odyssey 8 499-520 ) .
alcinous' court bard sings of the [found out] adultery of ares and aphrodite ( odyssey 8 266-366 ) , and takes up a tale of odysseus while the ithacan wanderer listens on ( odyssey 8 499-520 ) .

It is false to be certain of having discovered in the language of Beowulf such effects as intentional irony .
it is false to be certain of having [found out] in the language of beowulf such effects as intentional irony .

later he flees in panic from the family table just as his theft is about to be discovered and is blocked at the front door by a soldier who accusingly holds out a pair of handcuffs which he has brought to Gargery's forge for mending .
later he flees in panic from the family table just as his theft is about to be [found out] and is blocked at the front door by a soldier who accusingly holds out a pair of handcuffs which he has brought to gargery's forge for mending .

Some of the previously reported compounds have thus been reformulated and a series of new hydrido and carbonyl compounds discovered , the more representative examples being Af , Af , Af , Af and Af ( Af ) .
some of the previously reported compounds have thus been reformulated and a series of new hydrido and carbonyl compounds [found out] , the more representative examples being af , af , af , af and af ( af ) .

The reporters had not yet discovered that this was his hideaway .
the reporters had not yet [found out] that this was his hideaway .

After looking about a bit , Wilson discovered beyond Black Bottom , across the river and far removed from the white city , a considerable tract of land , and it occurred to him that the church and the better Negro homes might gradually be moved to this plot .
after looking about a bit , wilson [found out] beyond black bottom , across the river and far removed from the white city , a considerable tract of land , and it occurred to him that the church and the better negro homes might gradually be moved to this plot .

She tried to think of his unpredictable actions in the eleven years she had known him and discovered they weren't so many after all .
she tried to think of his unpredictable actions in the eleven years she had known him and [found out] they weren't so many after all .

Alec turned him over and discovered a round , lumpy face with narrow , slanting eyes -- a primitive Tartar face from Russia or the Balkans .
alec turned him over and [found out] a round , lumpy face with narrow , slanting eyes -- a primitive tartar face from russia or the balkans .

A Tibetan swami from Palermo , Sicily , announced in Beverly Hills a newly discovered , ancient yoga discipline for ripple breathing which increased both pranha and cosmic attraction between sexes .
a tibetan swami from palermo , sicily , announced in beverly hills a newly [found out] , ancient yoga discipline for ripple breathing which increased both pranha and cosmic attraction between sexes .

The expedition that had discovered Ozagen had succeeded in correlating two thousand Siddo words with an equal number of American words .
the expedition that had [found out] ozagen had succeeded in correlating two thousand siddo words with an equal number of american words .

His heart , he discovered , was pounding .
his heart , he [found out] , was pounding .

They lay months away from the nearest Earth star by jump drive , and no one knew what they were good for , although it was felt that they would probably be good for something if it could only be discovered -- much like the continent of Antarctica in ancient history .
they lay months away from the nearest earth star by jump drive , and no one knew what they were good for , although it was felt that they would probably be good for something if it could only be [found out] -- much like the continent of antarctica in ancient history .

After experimentation , Helva discovered that she could manipulate her diaphragmic unit to sustain tone .
after experimentation , helva [found out] that she could manipulate her diaphragmic unit to sustain tone .

It was over an hour before their escape was discovered , but still the news that Barton was free flashed across the central portion of the state .
it was over an hour before their escape was [found out] , but still the news that barton was free flashed across the central portion of the state .

Forced to realize that this was the end of a very short line I scanned a road marker and discovered what the end of a slightly longer line would be for the old Mexican : Moriarty , New Mexico .
forced to realize that this was the end of a very short line i scanned a road marker and [found out] what the end of a slightly longer line would be for the old mexican : moriarty , new mexico .

And , as a matter of fact , Nicolas had slept in the park only part of one night , when he discovered that Munich's early mornings even in summer are laden with dew .
and , as a matter of fact , nicolas had slept in the park only part of one night , when he [found out] that munich's early mornings even in summer are laden with dew .

For a moment he felt like a thief discovered .
for a moment he felt like a thief [found out] .

He should have discovered a more tender farewell .
he should have [found out] a more tender farewell .

Little by little , during the week , Chris and I discovered the crazy unbelievable way Nadine and Wally had lived .
little by little , during the week , chris and i [found out] the crazy unbelievable way nadine and wally had lived .

And so I was really upset the first time I discovered that my boy friend Johnnie was seeing Mrs. Warren .
and so i was really upset the first time i [found out] that my boy friend johnnie was seeing mrs. warren .

Idiot's delight , I later discovered .
idiot's delight , i later [found out] .

He never rested until he discovered who the culprit was , and when he did , he vowed vengeance on Viola Lake if ever the chance came his way .
he never rested until he [found out] who the culprit was , and when he did , he vowed vengeance on viola lake if ever the chance came his way .

I discovered that the girls had shrewdly vacated the kitchen , and were playing quietly in the living room .
i [found out] that the girls had shrewdly vacated the kitchen , and were playing quietly in the living room .

In recent years gagwriters have discovered this brand of blunder and thus the misplaced modifier has acquired a new habitat in the gagline .
in recent years gagwriters have [found out] this brand of blunder and thus the misplaced modifier has acquired a new habitat in the gagline .

One morning , we discovered not only that the pennies were missing from the idol but that a cigarette had been stubbed out in its lap .
one morning , we [found out] not only that the pennies were missing from the idol but that a cigarette had been stubbed out in its lap .

8 months of excavations have shown that a ring of 65 post was driven through , probably supporting a screen which hid from the view the ceremony relating to the death of the victim discovered within .
8 months of excavations have shown that a ring of 65 post was driven through , probably supporting a screen which hid from the view the ceremony relating to the death of the victim [found out] within .

She 'd been there for less than two weeks when her employers discovered she has leukaemia .
she 'd been there for less than two weeks when her employers [found out] she has leukaemia .

The ship left there shortly after midnight but it was six and a half hours before the seamen were discovered missing .
the ship left there shortly after midnight but it was six and a half hours before the seamen were [found out] missing .

Other relics have been discovered , like the remains of a possible Saxon building .
other relics have been [found out] , like the remains of a possible saxon building .

Environmental health officers were alerted by pot holers , who discovered oil slicks four hundred feet underground .
environmental health officers were alerted by pot holers , who [found out] oil slicks four hundred feet underground .

The closure was ordered last night after an engineer discovered one of two vertical pins holding up one of the bridge supports had developed a six inch crack .
the closure was ordered last night after an engineer [found out] one of two vertical pins holding up one of the bridge supports had developed a six inch crack .

Further cracking in another support pin has been discovered , and engineers are still checking the structure .
further cracking in another support pin has been [found out] , and engineers are still checking the structure .

The body of a sixty year old man has been discovered in a council flat , almost three months after he died of natural causes .
the body of a sixty year old man has been [found out] in a council flat , almost three months after he died of natural causes .

Programme makers discovered that guidelines have been isued to local authorities on what do in the event of a nuclear accident .
programme makers [found out] that guidelines have been isued to local authorities on what do in the event of a nuclear accident .

Archeologists have discovered a creeping village .
archeologists have [found out] a creeping village .

Yesterday afternoon , they discovered a body buried at the back of a house in Swindon 's Old Town .
yesterday afternoon , they [found out] a body buried at the back of a house in swindon 's old town .

Police discovered Carol Clark 's other life last week , but have only just revealed details .
police [found out] carol clark 's other life last week , but have only just revealed details .

He discovered burning matches close to his barn and put out the fire .
he [found out] burning matches close to his barn and put out the fire .

Taxol was discovered in America ; a chemical found in the Pacific Yew tree it can paralyse cancer cells , but extracting it destroys the tree .
taxol was [found out] in america ; a chemical found in the pacific yew tree it can paralyse cancer cells , but extracting it destroys the tree .

Police hunting the killer of a mother and her two children have discovered a body which may be that of the missing father Dennis Garvey .
police hunting the killer of a mother and her two children have [found out] a body which may be that of the missing father dennis garvey .

Police have discovered the body of a pensioner who they believe fell from his dinghy while fishing on the River Wye .
police have [found out] the body of a pensioner who they believe fell from his dinghy while fishing on the river wye .

Dennis Garvey , a computer manager , had been sought since Tuesday when the family nanny discovered the bodies of his two young children and his wife Julie at their home at Teddington in Gloucestershire .
dennis garvey , a computer manager , had been sought since tuesday when the family nanny [found out] the bodies of his two young children and his wife julie at their home at teddington in gloucestershire .

Police have n't discovered a motive for the tragedy .
police have n't [found out] a motive for the tragedy .

Farmer Adrian Westbury discovered them yesterday afternoon .
farmer adrian westbury [found out] them yesterday afternoon .

Few scholars have been allowed to see them since they were discovered but now they are being examined , one phrase is causing a heated arguement .
few scholars have been allowed to see them since they were [found out] but now they are being examined , one phrase is causing a heated arguement .

The body was discovered in a wood , but with no evidence to point either to the killer , or to the motive .
the body was [found out] in a wood , but with no evidence to point either to the killer , or to the motive .

Mrs Shell said Frak appeared angry when she discovered that Mrs Fribbens had wet the bed .
mrs shell said frak appeared angry when she [found out] that mrs fribbens had wet the bed .

Their bodies were discovered when friends who 'd been trying to contact one of the women became worried and called the police .
their bodies were [found out] when friends who 'd been trying to contact one of the women became worried and called the police .

Police discovered the first body at this house in Nelson Street in the Jericho area of Oxford .
police [found out] the first body at this house in nelson street in the jericho area of oxford .

Police discovered the first body at this house in Nelson Street in the Jericho area of Oxford .
police [found out] the first body at this house in nelson street in the jericho area of oxford .

His defence told the court the Inland Revenue , who thought Mr Jones owed £4,700 , later discovered the debt was just £470 .
his defence told the court the inland revenue , who thought mr jones owed £4,700 , later [found out] the debt was just £470 .

He was paying thirty pounds a month ground rent into a management fund , but he 's since discovered the money was n't getting through to his former landlord , Titcombe Developments in Marlborough .
he was paying thirty pounds a month ground rent into a management fund , but he 's since [found out] the money was n't getting through to his former landlord , titcombe developments in marlborough .

Workmen digging the site for the new Hilton Hotel at Lydiard Fields have discovered the bones of several large marine reptiles — including Pliosaurs , Plesiosaurs and Ichthyosaurs — who inhabited the area when it was covered by sea .
workmen digging the site for the new hilton hotel at lydiard fields have [found out] the bones of several large marine reptiles — including pliosaurs , plesiosaurs and ichthyosaurs — who inhabited the area when it was covered by sea .

Pickers were diverted on to another plot after the theft was discovered .
pickers were diverted on to another plot after the theft was [found out] .

Half empty shops point to the fact that the devices were discovered during one of the busiest periods of the week … Thursday late shopping , and Friday .
half empty shops point to the fact that the devices were [found out] during one of the busiest periods of the week … thursday late shopping , and friday .

But this dog , known as a Mexican hairless , landed him in court when trading standards officers in Felixstowe discovered it had been brought in without a licence .
but this dog , known as a mexican hairless , landed him in court when trading standards officers in felixstowe [found out] it had been brought in without a licence .

Packed away on dusty dark shelves weights and measures used by council trading standards officers , miniature fairground memorabilia made by a keen amateur craftsman from Oxford , and discovered only yesterday a crescent shaped match box .
packed away on dusty dark shelves weights and measures used by council trading standards officers , miniature fairground memorabilia made by a keen amateur craftsman from oxford , and [found out] only yesterday a crescent shaped match box .

Hard-hit farmers have discovered a new way to make money … by turning their fields into racing circuits .
hard-hit farmers have [found out] a new way to make money … by turning their fields into racing circuits .

The sixty-two year old man 's body was discovered just a short time after he went missing from his ward .
the sixty-two year old man 's body was [found out] just a short time after he went missing from his ward .

The builders discovered the nest in the ceiling of the new hall .
the builders [found out] the nest in the ceiling of the new hall .

Inside they discovered 178 kilos of cannabis resin with a street value of half a million pounds .
inside they [found out] 178 kilos of cannabis resin with a street value of half a million pounds .

… This old mill beside a stream , near Malvern in Worcestershire , was grinding corn long before the Victorians discovered Nellie Dean .
… this old mill beside a stream , near malvern in worcestershire , was grinding corn long before the victorians [found out] nellie dean .

The five storey corn mill , built in 1820 , was still working in the 1970 's when the house and mill were discovered by sculptor Anne Campbell .
the five storey corn mill , built in 1820 , was still working in the 1970 's when the house and mill were [found out] by sculptor anne campbell .

It began when the body of a young woman from Finland was discovered in a wood in Oxfordshire .
it began when the body of a young woman from finland was [found out] in a wood in oxfordshire .

Customs officers are trying to trace the source of drugs worth a hundred and fifty thousand pounds discovered in a consignment of onions .
customs officers are trying to trace the source of drugs worth a hundred and fifty thousand pounds [found out] in a consignment of onions .

Customs officials have discovered that the onions were driven from Valencia in Spain to Dover and from there to Gateshead , before being driven south , first to Birmingham , then Evesham and discovery .
customs officials have [found out] that the onions were driven from valencia in spain to dover and from there to gateshead , before being driven south , first to birmingham , then evesham and discovery .

When the mistake was discovered , they tried to put all the blame onto the innocent parties — the importers and the farmers — who have been landed with these cattle .
when the mistake was [found out] , they tried to put all the blame onto the innocent parties — the importers and the farmers — who have been landed with these cattle .

The man who discovered America has been commemorated by a new … and highly unusual rose .
the man who [found out] america has been commemorated by a new … and highly unusual rose .

Katherine Colgrave 's lawyers claim she only discovered in 1984 that she may have escaped disability if she 'd been correctly diagnosed and treated soon after birth .
katherine colgrave 's lawyers claim she only [found out] in 1984 that she may have escaped disability if she 'd been correctly diagnosed and treated soon after birth .

He was devastated when he discovered his premises had been attacked for the second time .
he was devastated when he [found out] his premises had been attacked for the second time .

Police divers worked through the night in the Sharpness to Gloucester canal at Sharpness docks , recovering the woman 's body , after it was discovered half-submerged by walkers .
police divers worked through the night in the sharpness to gloucester canal at sharpness docks , recovering the woman 's body , after it was [found out] half-submerged by walkers .

The Prime Minister has discovered he has more in common with the assassinated Russian revolutionary Leon Trotsky than he 'd like to imagine !
the prime minister has [found out] he has more in common with the assassinated russian revolutionary leon trotsky than he 'd like to imagine !

The Prime Minister has discovered he has more in common with the assassinated Russian revolutionary Leon Trotsky than he 'd like to imagine !
the prime minister has [found out] he has more in common with the assassinated russian revolutionary leon trotsky than he 'd like to imagine !

For 50 years every day the trains have brought supplies in and out of Bicester Garrison and apart from the occasional hiccup , like when they discovered 2,000 left boots , they kept the British Army going whereever they are in the world .
for 50 years every day the trains have brought supplies in and out of bicester garrison and apart from the occasional hiccup , like when they [found out] 2,000 left boots , they kept the british army going whereever they are in the world .

Slowly we discovered this amazing cliff garden built in the nineteenth century in the style of marie antoinette at Waddesdon .
slowly we [found out] this amazing cliff garden built in the nineteenth century in the style of marie antoinette at waddesdon .

Then because of another mix up with their concert promoter in England , they discovered they did n't have enough other venues booked to pay for their stay .
then because of another mix up with their concert promoter in england , they [found out] they did n't have enough other venues booked to pay for their stay .

He says that a woman may have been murdered with the bayonet , which he discovered buried in a wall .
he says that a woman may have been murdered with the bayonet , which he [found out] buried in a wall .

Inside the blazing bedsit accomodation , in a hallway of the top floor they discovered the body of Michael Chatfield , believed to be in his forties … he 'd died from smoke inhalation .
inside the blazing bedsit accomodation , in a hallway of the top floor they [found out] the body of michael chatfield , believed to be in his forties … he 'd died from smoke inhalation .

Combined with computer analysis in Oxfordshire , they 've discovered that the scheme can be built more cheaply .
combined with computer analysis in oxfordshire , they 've [found out] that the scheme can be built more cheaply .

The city centre was cordoned off after fires were discovered in two stores a few hours before the Prime Minister , John Major , was to address a farmers conference 400 yards away .
the city centre was cordoned off after fires were [found out] in two stores a few hours before the prime minister , john major , was to address a farmers conference 400 yards away .

Well , there are all kinds of cures , from yoga to yodelling , but employees of Oxfordshire Social Services have discovered a new way of shedding the cares of the day .
well , there are all kinds of cures , from yoga to yodelling , but employees of oxfordshire social services have [found out] a new way of shedding the cares of the day .

Seven pistols were discovered under a bed in a dawn raid on a flat .
seven pistols were [found out] under a bed in a dawn raid on a flat .

Seven pistols were discovered under a bed in a dawn raid on a flat .
seven pistols were [found out] under a bed in a dawn raid on a flat .

Richard Miles ' body was discovered by his mother in the back garden of their home eight days ago .
richard miles ' body was [found out] by his mother in the back garden of their home eight days ago .

We have discovered a human sub species of the late twentieth century called a Trekky .
we have [found out] a human sub species of the late twentieth century called a trekky .

Nowadays it 's more an excuse for a hearty lunch and a day on the river , as Robin Powell discovered .
nowadays it 's more an excuse for a hearty lunch and a day on the river , as robin powell [found out] .

High levels of ammonia pollution have been discovered in the River Severn .
high levels of ammonia pollution have been [found out] in the river severn .

The Gloucestershire Wildlife Trust sampled water in various parts of the river and discovered that in one area ; Gloucester , the amount of ammonia was more than fifteen times the normal level .
the gloucestershire wildlife trust sampled water in various parts of the river and [found out] that in one area ; gloucester , the amount of ammonia was more than fifteen times the normal level .

High levels of ammonia pollution have been discovered in the River Severn .
high levels of ammonia pollution have been [found out] in the river severn .

The Gloucestershire Wildlife Trust sampled water in various parts of the river and discovered that in one area ; Gloucester , the amount of ammonia was more than fifteen times the normal level .
the gloucestershire wildlife trust sampled water in various parts of the river and [found out] that in one area ; gloucester , the amount of ammonia was more than fifteen times the normal level .

The body of Christine Campbell was discovered last November , when Mary McCarthy , a resident at the All Travellers Guest House in Swindon , reported blood coming through the ceiling of her room .
the body of christine campbell was [found out] last november , when mary mccarthy , a resident at the all travellers guest house in swindon , reported blood coming through the ceiling of her room .

The bodies were discovered yesterday morning by the family 's nanny .
the bodies were [found out] yesterday morning by the family 's nanny .

Part of a town centre was sealed off and buildings evacuated after a second World War Mortar Bomb was discovered at a charity shop .
part of a town centre was sealed off and buildings evacuated after a second world war mortar bomb was [found out] at a charity shop .

That 's wh- , must have been virtually the last day when we discovered the Disney shop across the road .
that 's wh- , must have been virtually the last day when we [found out] the disney shop across the road .

sort of discovered
sort of [found out]

All that happens right the the other knight er is and the green knight ran off and discovered that he did n't , you know the rest .
all that happens right the the other knight er is and the green knight ran off and [found out] that he did n't , you know the rest .

And how much corruption have you discovered in the Socialist Party ? The Labour Party ?
and how much corruption have you [found out] in the socialist party ? the labour party ?

Question three , who discovered Uranus in ninety seventy six ?
question three , who [found out] uranus in ninety seventy six ?

Terence hoping to be discovered or something , they say , they say er ,
terence hoping to be [found out] or something , they say , they say er ,

sing Fiona here 's your chance to be discovered !
sing fiona here 's your chance to be [found out] !

Chris discovered it at Blakes .
chris [found out] it at blakes .

Yeah , but this was n't discovered until he went for his pass
yeah , but this was n't [found out] until he went for his pass

You know what happened to him though ? He sa he 's just discovered everybody 's gon na be colouring in so you could see the deterioration in the wi
you know what happened to him though ? he sa he 's just [found out] everybody 's gon na be colouring in so you could see the deterioration in the wi

The lying bastards ! Need a good scientist who say that last July went and discovered a planet larger than the earth in another solar system and now said , oh it was all a mistake ! We made a numerological error . Like yeah ! Sure you did ! It 's like yo you 're you 're not really trying to cover it up now !
the lying bastards ! need a good scientist who say that last july went and [found out] a planet larger than the earth in another solar system and now said , oh it was all a mistake ! we made a numerological error . like yeah ! sure you did ! it 's like yo you 're you 're not really trying to cover it up now !

Well what 's in that flat box ? Has anyone discovered yet ?
well what 's in that flat box ? has anyone [found out] yet ?

Yes . And so you 've discovered
yes . and so you 've [found out]

The weekly-paid Greater Glasgow Health Board employees first discovered the bank 's mistake when they tried to withdraw money from cash machines .
the weekly-paid greater glasgow health board employees first [found out] the bank 's mistake when they tried to withdraw money from cash machines .

The two fires , within a 100 yards of each other , could have had ‘ catastrophic ’ consequences if they had not been discovered on the ground floors of Dunsyre House , Calder Crescent , and Medwin House , Calder Park , a court heard .
the two fires , within a 100 yards of each other , could have had ‘ catastrophic ’ consequences if they had not been [found out] on the ground floors of dunsyre house , calder crescent , and medwin house , calder park , a court heard .

Police said James 's body was discovered at 3:15pm yesterday by four boys on the Edge Hill to Bootle freight line section of the Liverpool-Kirby railway , yards from Walton Lane police station
police said james 's body was [found out] at 3:15pm yesterday by four boys on the edge hill to bootle freight line section of the liverpool-kirby railway , yards from walton lane police station

He and colleagues in Israel have discovered a naturally- occurring compound within the body which mimics the effects of cannabis on the brain .
he and colleagues in israel have [found out] a naturally- occurring compound within the body which mimics the effects of cannabis on the brain .

Radio appeals on 27 January spoke of the ship being overrun by pirates , but coast guards who boarded the East Wood last week said that they had discovered signs of a mutiny .
radio appeals on 27 january spoke of the ship being overrun by pirates , but coast guards who boarded the east wood last week said that they had [found out] signs of a mutiny .

Colette Douglas-Home talks to Daniel Marks about how his life changed when , at the age of 17 , he discovered he was suffering from cancer
colette douglas-home talks to daniel marks about how his life changed when , at the age of 17 , he [found out] he was suffering from cancer

Last night the investigating team said they had made a breakthrough when a missing hood from James 's anorak was discovered by officers searching the area .
last night the investigating team said they had made a breakthrough when a missing hood from james 's anorak was [found out] by officers searching the area .

It was lodged high in a tree beneath the railway embankment in Walton , where his body was discovered by four other boys .
it was lodged high in a tree beneath the railway embankment in walton , where his body was [found out] by four other boys .

Last night the four boys who discovered James lying on the railway embankment said that at first they thought they had found a dead cat .
last night the four boys who [found out] james lying on the railway embankment said that at first they thought they had found a dead cat .

Sir Richard Doll , who first discovered the link between smoking and lung cancer , said he could understand that even doctors who smoked found it difficult to quit in spite of the dangers to health .
sir richard doll , who first [found out] the link between smoking and lung cancer , said he could understand that even doctors who smoked found it difficult to quit in spite of the dangers to health .

Scotland Yard has asked Spanish police to trace the mother , but with hundreds of hotels and vacant holiday apartments to check , they have discovered nothing so far .
scotland yard has asked spanish police to trace the mother , but with hundreds of hotels and vacant holiday apartments to check , they have [found out] nothing so far .

Trading standards officers often discovered dangerous counterfeits , he said .
trading standards officers often [found out] dangerous counterfeits , he said .

Thompson studied English at Cambridge and discovered a love of acting there alongside Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry in the Footlights group .
thompson studied english at cambridge and [found out] a love of acting there alongside hugh laurie and stephen fry in the footlights group .

The alert had been raised when a social worker at the home discovered blue pellets in toast made by one of the boys .
the alert had been raised when a social worker at the home [found out] blue pellets in toast made by one of the boys .

In Walton village , next to the railway embankment where James 's mutilated body was discovered , everyone wants to add a new piece of information .
in walton village , next to the railway embankment where james 's mutilated body was [found out] , everyone wants to add a new piece of information .

He was discovered by a delivery driver , Scott Christie , 25 , who flagged down the ambulance .
he was [found out] by a delivery driver , scott christie , 25 , who flagged down the ambulance .

The accident occurred late on Tuesday or early on Wednesday but was not discovered until a few survivors emerged and bodies began floating ashore .
the accident occurred late on tuesday or early on wednesday but was not [found out] until a few survivors emerged and bodies began floating ashore .

Sir Hector 's visit comes as oil pollution 50 times higher than normal background levels has been discovered on the seabed 50 miles south of Sumburgh Head on Shetland .
sir hector 's visit comes as oil pollution 50 times higher than normal background levels has been [found out] on the seabed 50 miles south of sumburgh head on shetland .

But when yesterday 's Twin Otter arrived at Stornoway the engineers discovered the plane offered standing room only — the seats had not been packed .
but when yesterday 's twin otter arrived at stornoway the engineers [found out] the plane offered standing room only — the seats had not been packed .

She was still alive when police discovered her body but she died soon afterwards .
she was still alive when police [found out] her body but she died soon afterwards .

About 15 of the canisters , which explode when they dry out , have been discovered on the coast at Mull of Kintyre and more than 50 were found on the Isle of Man , where five have spontaneously ignited .
about 15 of the canisters , which explode when they dry out , have been [found out] on the coast at mull of kintyre and more than 50 were found on the isle of man , where five have spontaneously ignited .

His body was discovered two days later on a railway track in Walton , Liverpool .
his body was [found out] two days later on a railway track in walton , liverpool .

We 've discovered that over 40 are to go , ’ Mr Ede said .
we 've [found out] that over 40 are to go , ’ mr ede said .

Tony Johnson , the Financial Times head of computers , said he had discovered the electronic intrusion in May 1991 .
tony johnson , the financial times head of computers , said he had [found out] the electronic intrusion in may 1991 .

Through that network Mr Hann discovered that the Salvation Army was probably being defrauded of millions of pounds .
through that network mr hann [found out] that the salvation army was probably being defrauded of millions of pounds .

An individual may have a low cholesterol level for years before the cancer is discovered .
an individual may have a low cholesterol level for years before the cancer is [found out] .

He discovered houses in Milton Street where seemingly plain facades hid huge gardens or impressive extensions to the rear .
he [found out] houses in milton street where seemingly plain facades hid huge gardens or impressive extensions to the rear .

The officers also discovered a syringe on Jones but when asked about the drugs he said they were not his .
the officers also [found out] a syringe on jones but when asked about the drugs he said they were not his .

Police found credit cards in both the name of Garawand and Yousefi they also took the keys to a white Ford Transit van , which they discovered in a car park .
police found credit cards in both the name of garawand and yousefi they also took the keys to a white ford transit van , which they [found out] in a car park .

Mr Samson was taken to the Duchess of Kent military hospital in Catterick , where doctors discovered he had internal bleeding .
mr samson was taken to the duchess of kent military hospital in catterick , where doctors [found out] he had internal bleeding .

It is not the first piece of mouldering ammunition discovered on the site made famous and earmarked for redevelopment by former premier Margaret Thatcher 's ‘ Wilderness Walk ’ there .
it is not the first piece of mouldering ammunition [found out] on the site made famous and earmarked for redevelopment by former premier margaret thatcher 's ‘ wilderness walk ’ there .

Another residents discovered rats had got into a kitchen cupboard and eaten packets of food .
another residents [found out] rats had got into a kitchen cupboard and eaten packets of food .

Faults were discovered in the mountings on the crash barriers around the top deck of the car park in July .
faults were [found out] in the mountings on the crash barriers around the top deck of the car park in july .

Faults were discovered in the mountings on the crash barriers around the top deck of the car park in July .
faults were [found out] in the mountings on the crash barriers around the top deck of the car park in july .

He and his wife Beryl discovered churchgoers had gathered to see the two plant a beech tree to celebrate the vicar 's anniversary which falls on Easter Sunday .
he and his wife beryl [found out] churchgoers had gathered to see the two plant a beech tree to celebrate the vicar 's anniversary which falls on easter sunday .

But they did n't realise that the bronze-winged Pionuse parrot has just discovered how to talk .
but they did n't realise that the bronze-winged pionuse parrot has just [found out] how to talk .

Neighbours called an ambulance immediately when Joan Whalen , 63 , was discovered on the concrete steps in her back yard in Weardale Drive .
neighbours called an ambulance immediately when joan whalen , 63 , was [found out] on the concrete steps in her back yard in weardale drive .

Two men had gone to Anthony Bland 's home in Vine Street , Darlington , to execute a warrant for eviction and when they searched the house they discovered sub-machine guns , a pump action shotgun and pistols .
two men had gone to anthony bland 's home in vine street , darlington , to execute a warrant for eviction and when they searched the house they [found out] sub-machine guns , a pump action shotgun and pistols .

They discovered the guns in the two bedrooms of the house .
they [found out] the guns in the two bedrooms of the house .

They also discovered the display case of German daggers , a heavy machine gun on a tripod with a belt of ammunition attached , two smaller machine guns and a Russian submachine gun .
they also [found out] the display case of german daggers , a heavy machine gun on a tripod with a belt of ammunition attached , two smaller machine guns and a russian submachine gun .

Though the apolitical villain was fairly quickly apprehended , Churchill 's portrait has just been discovered in a police raid on a suspected handler .
though the apolitical villain was fairly quickly apprehended , churchill 's portrait has just been [found out] in a police raid on a suspected handler .

The arsenal of weapons and live ammunition were discovered by bailiffs as they served an eviction warrant on Mr Bland 's home in Vine Street , Darlington .
the arsenal of weapons and live ammunition were [found out] by bailiffs as they served an eviction warrant on mr bland 's home in vine street , darlington .

When the bailiffs broke into the second bedroom which was locked they discovered a pump action shotgun , sub-machine guns , pistols , German daggers and uniforms .
when the bailiffs broke into the second bedroom which was locked they [found out] a pump action shotgun , sub-machine guns , pistols , german daggers and uniforms .

She added : ‘ We have discovered today that Safeway have put in an amended access plan which Durham county council is likely to accept .
she added : ‘ we have [found out] today that safeway have put in an amended access plan which durham county council is likely to accept .

Is it not better off as a hidden surprise to be discovered by the interested tourist ?
is it not better off as a hidden surprise to be [found out] by the interested tourist ?

Hours later , a farmer feeding cattle three miles south of the town had discovered two men hiding in his barn .
hours later , a farmer feeding cattle three miles south of the town had [found out] two men hiding in his barn .

Witnesses told the court how they had discovered the cylinders and two holdalls early on Sunday 6 December in the bus station car park near the bank .
witnesses told the court how they had [found out] the cylinders and two holdalls early on sunday 6 december in the bus station car park near the bank .

It was not clear whether the two latest bombs had been set to go off on Friday , like one discovered and defused on Sunday , or whether they were freshly planted .
it was not clear whether the two latest bombs had been set to go off on friday , like one [found out] and defused on sunday , or whether they were freshly planted .

There will still be those people who try and find a quiet corner , as they discovered with similar bans in hospitals .
there will still be those people who try and find a quiet corner , as they [found out] with similar bans in hospitals .

The court had heard how the raid had been abandoned after a cache of tools and equipment commonly used in bank raids was discovered in a bus shelter .
the court had heard how the raid had been abandoned after a cache of tools and equipment commonly used in bank raids was [found out] in a bus shelter .

Two devices were discovered in the morning and the others were found last night .
two devices were [found out] in the morning and the others were found last night .

The fire at Broad Bay View , Back , was discovered at 8am by a neighbour .
the fire at broad bay view , back , was [found out] at 8am by a neighbour .

The firemen quickly extinguished the blaze and the body of the baby girl was discovered in the bedroom .
the firemen quickly extinguished the blaze and the body of the baby girl was [found out] in the bedroom .

The couple discovered that residents just outside the canvassed area had written to Shepherd & Wedderburn , complaining , though Mr Clark says he has never been told their identities .
the couple [found out] that residents just outside the canvassed area had written to shepherd & wedderburn , complaining , though mr clark says he has never been told their identities .

No damage was discovered and the flight went on to York .
no damage was [found out] and the flight went on to york .

Two elaborate dummy bombs were discovered on Wednesday morning after a telephone call to police .
two elaborate dummy bombs were [found out] on wednesday morning after a telephone call to police .

The tiny millipede , Stigioglomerus crinita , was discovered during microscopic examination of leaf litter collected from Craighall Den wood , near Ceres .
the tiny millipede , stigioglomerus crinita , was [found out] during microscopic examination of leaf litter collected from craighall den wood , near ceres .

McLeod , 27 , was discovered by prison officers hanging from a bed sheet attached to a window bar .
mcleod , 27 , was [found out] by prison officers hanging from a bed sheet attached to a window bar .

Last May , several months after the purchase , the daughter discovered that her father had sexually abused her older sisters while they were children .
last may , several months after the purchase , the daughter [found out] that her father had sexually abused her older sisters while they were children .

He had gone down to the cells to have a look and discovered that the prisoner was his former schoolmate .
he had gone down to the cells to have a look and [found out] that the prisoner was his former schoolmate .

Last November the company admitted that it had discovered a series of accounting errors by the subsidiary 's finance director that had overstated stock figures to boost profits from 1989 .
last november the company admitted that it had [found out] a series of accounting errors by the subsidiary 's finance director that had overstated stock figures to boost profits from 1989 .

The problem was discovered last February during a final audit and the director was asked to leave .
the problem was [found out] last february during a final audit and the director was asked to leave .

The company also shared in new output from the Angus field and has an interest in the recently discovered Fife field .
the company also shared in new output from the angus field and has an interest in the recently [found out] fife field .

One of the first results could be a speeding-up of drilling at the huge oilfield it recently discovered west of Shetland , according to John Browne , chief executive for worldwide exploration operations .
one of the first results could be a speeding-up of drilling at the huge oilfield it recently [found out] west of shetland , according to john browne , chief executive for worldwide exploration operations .

The United manager , Alex Ferguson , discovered last season that there 's many a slip on the way to the championship , and he did n't attempt to conceal the importance of this Old Trafford showdown , with United leading Villa on goal difference in pursuit of their first title since 1967 .
the united manager , alex ferguson , [found out] last season that there 's many a slip on the way to the championship , and he did n't attempt to conceal the importance of this old trafford showdown , with united leading villa on goal difference in pursuit of their first title since 1967 .

In the event , both athletes discovered their best form , running from the front with assurance and power and putting the old failures behind them .
in the event , both athletes [found out] their best form , running from the front with assurance and power and putting the old failures behind them .

Clydebank make a practice of discomfiting clubs from the higher division when they meet them on the claustrophobic confines of their own pitch , as last season 's finalists , Airdrie , discovered when they were knocked out after a third-round replay .
clydebank make a practice of discomfiting clubs from the higher division when they meet them on the claustrophobic confines of their own pitch , as last season 's finalists , airdrie , [found out] when they were knocked out after a third-round replay .

FitzGerald discovered that his Cheltenham runners were suffering from a bad blood count after they were tested on Monday but still decided to run them .
fitzgerald [found out] that his cheltenham runners were suffering from a bad blood count after they were tested on monday but still decided to run them .

Sometime after the work it was discovered that an old injury to the tendon had appeared .
sometime after the work it was [found out] that an old injury to the tendon had appeared .

Sadly , when Mr Mason 's marvellous edifice arrived in May 1857 it was discovered that the basin which had been prepared for it was far too small .
sadly , when mr mason 's marvellous edifice arrived in may 1857 it was [found out] that the basin which had been prepared for it was far too small .

David Harper discovered the latest damage on Friday when he went to open the shop .
david harper [found out] the latest damage on friday when he went to open the shop .

The first signs of contamination were discovered just 18 months ago .
the first signs of contamination were [found out] just 18 months ago .

Yet how much longer would the people of Bishop Middleham have had to live with the waste if the telltale Blue Billy had not been discovered .
yet how much longer would the people of bishop middleham have had to live with the waste if the telltale blue billy had not been [found out] .

The cuddly mongrel was discovered in the town 's Geneva Road area by a resident who passed the dog on to Ray while its owner was traced .
the cuddly mongrel was [found out] in the town 's geneva road area by a resident who passed the dog on to ray while its owner was traced .

Former taxi driver Paul Burrows , of Chandos Street , Darlington , discovered his talent for singing while convalescing from the life saving surgery last April .
former taxi driver paul burrows , of chandos street , darlington , [found out] his talent for singing while convalescing from the life saving surgery last april .

The leisure centre has been at the centre of a compensation wrangle since serious building defects were discovered last year .
the leisure centre has been at the centre of a compensation wrangle since serious building defects were [found out] last year .

Among those it failed to deter was a predatory heron which discovered that by activating the light it could purloin a splendid fish supper from among the transfixed koi carp in the garden pond below .
among those it failed to deter was a predatory heron which [found out] that by activating the light it could purloin a splendid fish supper from among the transfixed koi carp in the garden pond below .

To the miner , it meant two things : a rarity discovered and bread for his table .
to the miner , it meant two things : a rarity [found out] and bread for his table .

Experts discovered that it was , the victim of another misconception .
experts [found out] that it was , the victim of another misconception .

Homeopathy , used by the Royal Family for generations , was discovered in the 1800s by German physician Samuel Hahnemann who found that treating like with like The Law of Similars worked .
homeopathy , used by the royal family for generations , was [found out] in the 1800s by german physician samuel hahnemann who found that treating like with like the law of similars worked .

Paclitaxel 's anti-cancer properties were discovered in the late Sixties , as part of a programme sponsored by the National Cancer Institute .
paclitaxel 's anti-cancer properties were [found out] in the late sixties , as part of a programme sponsored by the national cancer institute .

Hibs have found a blend in central defence elusive this season , but could have discovered the answer to their problems in Steven Tweed .
hibs have found a blend in central defence elusive this season , but could have [found out] the answer to their problems in steven tweed .

Later it was discovered that the council had written to the club months earlier demanding action to deal with the hazard .
later it was [found out] that the council had written to the club months earlier demanding action to deal with the hazard .

He said : ‘ It was a struggle at first , because when we took over , we discovered that most of the team had left , so we had to find players quickly .
he said : ‘ it was a struggle at first , because when we took over , we [found out] that most of the team had left , so we had to find players quickly .

Animal lover Ray Mackinlay took the cuddly pet in after he was discovered in the town 's Geneva Road area .
animal lover ray mackinlay took the cuddly pet in after he was [found out] in the town 's geneva road area .

‘ The only result is that a large heron discovered that when it activated the floodlight it enabled him/her to decimate my expensive collection of koi carp , brazenly standing in the middle of the pool at 10.30pm . ’
‘ the only result is that a large heron [found out] that when it activated the floodlight it enabled him/her to decimate my expensive collection of koi carp , brazenly standing in the middle of the pool at 10.30pm . ’

But it 's Berwick that intrigues Owen , ever since he discovered which side of the border it lay .
but it 's berwick that intrigues owen , ever since he [found out] which side of the border it lay .

Earlier this year he caught a train North , groped his way to Shielfield and discovered that the match was fogged off .
earlier this year he caught a train north , groped his way to shielfield and [found out] that the match was fogged off .

Mr Tennant , chairman of the Darlington office equipment company Graham Tennant Ltd , discovered last year he was suffering from cancer .
mr tennant , chairman of the darlington office equipment company graham tennant ltd , [found out] last year he was suffering from cancer .

But for Arab compasses , navigational aids , instruments and charts , Columbus would never have discovered America .
but for arab compasses , navigational aids , instruments and charts , columbus would never have [found out] america .

‘ We discovered that fences had been knocked down too .
‘ we [found out] that fences had been knocked down too .

His move follows a winter of crisis for the club after alleged cash irregularities were discovered in the accounts of its parent social club .
his move follows a winter of crisis for the club after alleged cash irregularities were [found out] in the accounts of its parent social club .

But the existence of her precious archive was unsuspected until a suitcase containing about 450 glass negatives was discovered during a house-clearance at Ripon in 1988 .
but the existence of her precious archive was unsuspected until a suitcase containing about 450 glass negatives was [found out] during a house-clearance at ripon in 1988 .

Other works included Haydn 's recently discovered Cello Concerto , in which the soloist was Robert Irvine , principal cello of Scottish Opera , playing with delicacy in the second movement and with fine control in the vivacious final movement .
other works included haydn 's recently [found out] cello concerto , in which the soloist was robert irvine , principal cello of scottish opera , playing with delicacy in the second movement and with fine control in the vivacious final movement .

Sir Anthony famously discovered in Cardiff this month what the rest of the country had known for a year : that many children saw the grisly film and were delighted by his Oscar-winning portrayal of the cannibalistic anti-hero .
sir anthony famously [found out] in cardiff this month what the rest of the country had known for a year : that many children saw the grisly film and were delighted by his oscar-winning portrayal of the cannibalistic anti-hero .

Building work uncovered signs of early use of the buildings : shops on the ground floor with brick bread ovens were discovered behind the more recent Blood Donor Centre .
building work uncovered signs of early use of the buildings : shops on the ground floor with brick bread ovens were [found out] behind the more recent blood donor centre .

But by the 1970s , a link was discovered with an increase in cancer of the endometrium ( the lining of the womb ) .
but by the 1970s , a link was [found out] with an increase in cancer of the endometrium ( the lining of the womb ) .

The boy 's body was discovered by children playing at an adventure park on the Isle of Man .
the boy 's body was [found out] by children playing at an adventure park on the isle of man .

So backers latching on to John Dunlop 's Jazeel on his debut at Doncaster last month must have thought they had discovered a goldmine .
so backers latching on to john dunlop 's jazeel on his debut at doncaster last month must have thought they had [found out] a goldmine .

Mrs Gilfoyle 's body was discovered in the early evening of Friday , June 4 , 1992 at the family home in Upton , Wirral , two weeks before she was due to give birth to her first child .
mrs gilfoyle 's body was [found out] in the early evening of friday , june 4 , 1992 at the family home in upton , wirral , two weeks before she was due to give birth to her first child .

Miss Larkin , 24 , and Mr Pettitt , 25 , went missing for five weeks before forensic experts discovered human remains in the remnants of a fire in a secluded spot .
miss larkin , 24 , and mr pettitt , 25 , went missing for five weeks before forensic experts [found out] human remains in the remnants of a fire in a secluded spot .

But , minutes later , when the trio had left , the 89-year-old discovered that her purse had been taken from a bedroom of her terraced home in Albany Road , Prescot .
but , minutes later , when the trio had left , the 89-year-old [found out] that her purse had been taken from a bedroom of her terraced home in albany road , prescot .

The 43-year-old victim was discovered in his Saab car with a single gunshot wound to the chest .
the 43-year-old victim was [found out] in his saab car with a single gunshot wound to the chest .

The remains of Jean 's boyfriend , Garry Pettitt have been discovered near Coppull , Chorley .
the remains of jean 's boyfriend , garry pettitt have been [found out] near coppull , chorley .

But minutes later , when the trio had left , the 89 year old lady discovered that her purse had been taken from a bedroom of her terraced home in Albany Road , Prescot .
but minutes later , when the trio had left , the 89 year old lady [found out] that her purse had been taken from a bedroom of her terraced home in albany road , prescot .

Mrs Allen was with Laura when his mother discovered her husband dead in their bed last week .
mrs allen was with laura when his mother [found out] her husband dead in their bed last week .

It was a Dutch medical man who is credited with having discovered the first recipe for gin back in the 1600s .
it was a dutch medical man who is credited with having [found out] the first recipe for gin back in the 1600s .

The one-lap hurdles queen has quickly discovered that winning the Olympic title has not just brought her fame and fortune .
the one-lap hurdles queen has quickly [found out] that winning the olympic title has not just brought her fame and fortune .

One of its scientists working on the suture project discovered a special type of collagen which made an ideal sausage casing .
one of its scientists working on the suture project [found out] a special type of collagen which made an ideal sausage casing .

She was overcome with emotion when she discovered it had been well cared for .
she was overcome with emotion when she [found out] it had been well cared for .

But minutes after the trio left , the 89-year-old woman discovered that her purse had been taken from a bedroom .
but minutes after the trio left , the 89-year-old woman [found out] that her purse had been taken from a bedroom .

Some hours after the alleged attack , Sharon McLean ran out of the Peace Gardens in Holt Street , near Wrexham police station , and pretended that she had just discovered the body , the jury was told .
some hours after the alleged attack , sharon mclean ran out of the peace gardens in holt street , near wrexham police station , and pretended that she had just [found out] the body , the jury was told .

It was just 40 minutes after his mother 's body was discovered .
it was just 40 minutes after his mother 's body was [found out] .

Mrs Johnstone , 35 , was discovered by police who forced their way into her locked pub shortly after 11am yesterday .
mrs johnstone , 35 , was [found out] by police who forced their way into her locked pub shortly after 11am yesterday .

‘ Fortunately the fire was discovered in time .
‘ fortunately the fire was [found out] in time .

Billy Andrews , who lives in the Cregagh area , discovered the three-month-old pet was missing from his garage yesterday afternoon .
billy andrews , who lives in the cregagh area , [found out] the three-month-old pet was missing from his garage yesterday afternoon .

They included an incident when a guard was said to have been discovered ‘ antagonising a gorilla ’ at Belfast Zoo .
they included an incident when a guard was said to have been [found out] ‘ antagonising a gorilla ’ at belfast zoo .

Workmen laying new telephone and hi-tec cables in the Palace of Westminster have discovered large quantities of deadly asbestos in the ducts .
workmen laying new telephone and hi-tec cables in the palace of westminster have [found out] large quantities of deadly asbestos in the ducts .

The Irish girl 's mother is not among those charged following the Argentinian raids , in which pornographic videos showing young children were said to have been discovered .
the irish girl 's mother is not among those charged following the argentinian raids , in which pornographic videos showing young children were said to have been [found out] .

The plight of the girl was discovered after her dad , who had been living in Spain , contacted the Department of Foreign Affairs in Dublin .
the plight of the girl was [found out] after her dad , who had been living in spain , contacted the department of foreign affairs in dublin .

This time it was discovered in a brown envelope at the foot of a box .
this time it was [found out] in a brown envelope at the foot of a box .

Stella Webb discovered Medau in 1968 , and was subsequently cajoled into becoming a teacher by Cicely Harris , under whose guidance she qualified in 1973 .
stella webb [found out] medau in 1968 , and was subsequently cajoled into becoming a teacher by cicely harris , under whose guidance she qualified in 1973 .

The monster discovered who his creator was and where he lived when he found some papers as a result he travelled to Geneva .
the monster [found out] who his creator was and where he lived when he found some papers as a result he travelled to geneva .

‘ He went upstairs to see some rat holes … they certainly were enormous — and discovered that the room in which the food of the Gods was mixed … was in quite a disgraceful order . ’
‘ he went upstairs to see some rat holes … they certainly were enormous — and [found out] that the room in which the food of the gods was mixed … was in quite a disgraceful order . ’

She would have reported the ship as soon as she discovered it but instead her first reaction was purely selfish — to tell no one about it so as not to spoil her peace .
she would have reported the ship as soon as she [found out] it but instead her first reaction was purely selfish — to tell no one about it so as not to spoil her peace .

Elizabeth discovered Medau with Cicely Harris and has been an enthusiastic class member ever since .
elizabeth [found out] medau with cicely harris and has been an enthusiastic class member ever since .

Before long , through unobtrusive questioning , he had discovered the root of the boy 's fear — simply that he did not know what was going to be done to him .
before long , through unobtrusive questioning , he had [found out] the root of the boy 's fear — simply that he did not know what was going to be done to him .

When the piglet is discovered , it is small , trapped , alone and helpless , and you immediately are on its side .
when the piglet is [found out] , it is small , trapped , alone and helpless , and you immediately are on its side .

He discovered that his nose was bleeding where Scruffy had scratched it + when he put a paw up to stroke his whiskers , he found that they were n't there !
he [found out] that his nose was bleeding where scruffy had scratched it + when he put a paw up to stroke his whiskers , he found that they were n't there !

From the video , we discovered that Golding believes in the concept of original sin , that mankind is sinful .
from the video , we [found out] that golding believes in the concept of original sin , that mankind is sinful .

We discovered — or rediscovered — its many delights : the accommodation ( charmingly rustic or space-age split-level , with split-level stairs to trip the unwary ) , gracious Schloss Hohenfels itself , dominated by the painting of Hinrich Medau above the grand piano , idyllic grounds , and gymnasia with excellent floors , high ceilings and custom designed storage for balls , hoops and clubs .
we [found out] — or rediscovered — its many delights : the accommodation ( charmingly rustic or space-age split-level , with split-level stairs to trip the unwary ) , gracious schloss hohenfels itself , dominated by the painting of hinrich medau above the grand piano , idyllic grounds , and gymnasia with excellent floors , high ceilings and custom designed storage for balls , hoops and clubs .

If Adam had not issued from his hiding-place early in May they would not have been discovered ; but the messages which had come from Llewelyn were grave enough to warrant a risk which by then appeared so slight .
if adam had not issued from his hiding-place early in may they would not have been [found out] ; but the messages which had come from llewelyn were grave enough to warrant a risk which by then appeared so slight .

Surely , if you had , you would have discovered the drawbacks by now ?
surely , if you had , you would have [found out] the drawbacks by now ?

There had been power in his music , she discovered .
there had been power in his music , she [found out] .

This she discovered was her sort of place .
this she [found out] was her sort of place .

’ The older generation , he had discovered , liked the courtesy title .
’ the older generation , he had [found out] , liked the courtesy title .

It was only after several days of hard work harvesting , rounded off by celibate nights , that he discovered why Rose kept her bedroom door locked .
it was only after several days of hard work harvesting , rounded off by celibate nights , that he [found out] why rose kept her bedroom door locked .

There were half a dozen in the boiler room , he discovered , so take three .
there were half a dozen in the boiler room , he [found out] , so take three .

It was , she discovered , easier to look the part than to feel it .
it was , she [found out] , easier to look the part than to feel it .

Greg , they discovered , was mind-blown , too , but gradually normalising , so it was their duty to stay around .
greg , they [found out] , was mind-blown , too , but gradually normalising , so it was their duty to stay around .

There was a truce between Rose and Gabriel , but none between Shirley and Gabriel because Gaby had discovered it to be Shirley who had leaked her secret to Rose .
there was a truce between rose and gabriel , but none between shirley and gabriel because gaby had [found out] it to be shirley who had leaked her secret to rose .

‘ Something they 've discovered .
‘ something they 've [found out] .

Last night he had discovered something about himself , and , as it happened , something about Rose Hilaire .
last night he had [found out] something about himself , and , as it happened , something about rose hilaire .

Becky cautioned him against rushing into another venture before they had discovered what their profit margins were like , and then only if the rather elderly assistants knew what they were up to .
becky cautioned him against rushing into another venture before they had [found out] what their profit margins were like , and then only if the rather elderly assistants knew what they were up to .

Once Charlie had returned to the relief trenches he quickly discovered that only three men in his section of ten had survived the charge , and there was no sign of Tommy .
once charlie had returned to the relief trenches he quickly [found out] that only three men in his section of ten had survived the charge , and there was no sign of tommy .

British Gas South West whose workmen has discovered a kerb side leak , they worked throughout the night in there to cut away the damaged pipe repaired to make it safe
british gas south west whose workmen has [found out] a kerb side leak , they worked throughout the night in there to cut away the damaged pipe repaired to make it safe

Factory worker , Paula Gilfoyle , was eight-and-a-half months pregnant when she was discovered dead at her home in Grafton Drive , Upton , Wirral , on Thursday , June 4 , last year .
factory worker , paula gilfoyle , was eight-and-a-half months pregnant when she was [found out] dead at her home in grafton drive , upton , wirral , on thursday , june 4 , last year .

But the young mother 's plans were dashed when she discovered that Gilfoyle was still married and that his wife was expecting .
but the young mother 's plans were dashed when she [found out] that gilfoyle was still married and that his wife was expecting .

From this , Mrs Lamport discovered she had misread one name and her researches into Mrs Piggott were scrapped while she took up the new challenge in the name of Mrs Pigou , a theatre-goer of French origin .
from this , mrs lamport [found out] she had misread one name and her researches into mrs piggott were scrapped while she took up the new challenge in the name of mrs pigou , a theatre-goer of french origin .

Baddiel first discovered his talent for humour when the school review he edited was banned and he met Newman , also 27 , when they were students at Cambridge .
baddiel first [found out] his talent for humour when the school review he edited was banned and he met newman , also 27 , when they were students at cambridge .

The body of Huyton-born William Ryder , 57 , was discovered on Formby beach by a coastal ranger on February 27 .
the body of huyton-born william ryder , 57 , was [found out] on formby beach by a coastal ranger on february 27 .

They have discovered that in the period during which most cot deaths occur between two and four months 80 to 90pc of babies produce saliva , which makes it easier for bacteria to stick to the nose and throat .
they have [found out] that in the period during which most cot deaths occur between two and four months 80 to 90pc of babies produce saliva , which makes it easier for bacteria to stick to the nose and throat .

When the older girl discovered she was pregnant , the man turned his attentions to her sister , who had a baby boy by him , said Bernard Gateshill , prosecuting .
when the older girl [found out] she was pregnant , the man turned his attentions to her sister , who had a baby boy by him , said bernard gateshill , prosecuting .

He became worried when he got home to Tarbat Crescent , Brora , Sutherland , and discovered his wife 's suitcase gone and Chatchai 's clothes and toys missing .
he became worried when he got home to tarbat crescent , brora , sutherland , and [found out] his wife 's suitcase gone and chatchai 's clothes and toys missing .

Eight-and-a-half-months pregnant , Paula Gilfoyle was discovered hanging from a roof beam in the garage of her home in Grafton Drive , Upton .
eight-and-a-half-months pregnant , paula gilfoyle was [found out] hanging from a roof beam in the garage of her home in grafton drive , upton .

But Ferreira , who had not come close to breaking the sixth seed , suddenly discovered his best form , hitting three glorious forehands , including one to save match point , and capturing the game when Stich hit a backhand volley out .
but ferreira , who had not come close to breaking the sixth seed , suddenly [found out] his best form , hitting three glorious forehands , including one to save match point , and capturing the game when stich hit a backhand volley out .

The Sir Michael Connell inquiry discovered that in 1991 , starter Capt Keith Brown had requested two alterations reduction in the width of the starting gate and switching the side of the starter 's rostrum .
the sir michael connell inquiry [found out] that in 1991 , starter capt keith brown had requested two alterations reduction in the width of the starting gate and switching the side of the starter 's rostrum .

George and John , who started with a modern fun pub , discovered they were forever seeking a traditional pub for a good pint on their days off , so they decided to start their own .
george and john , who started with a modern fun pub , [found out] they were forever seeking a traditional pub for a good pint on their days off , so they decided to start their own .

The electric response audiometer will be used to detect hearing defects in babies and adults which would not be discovered by other techniques .
the electric response audiometer will be used to detect hearing defects in babies and adults which would not be [found out] by other techniques .

She was discovered lying half naked on the river bank .
she was [found out] lying half naked on the river bank .

The chairman , the first to hold the post for two consecutive years , was on his way to visit 101-year-old Donella Carter when he discovered the theft .
the chairman , the first to hold the post for two consecutive years , was on his way to visit 101-year-old donella carter when he [found out] the theft .

Drugs with a street value of £1,600 were found in the car and £2,070 worth were discovered in the house .
drugs with a street value of £1,600 were found in the car and £2,070 worth were [found out] in the house .

Number eight United driver Norman Bell , 39 , who works the 50-minute Barnard Castle to Bishop Auckland route in County Durham , was discovered during an investigation by the Polite Society .
number eight united driver norman bell , 39 , who works the 50-minute barnard castle to bishop auckland route in county durham , was [found out] during an investigation by the polite society .

Catherine Morse , 58 , of Jervaulx Road , North Skelton , was discovered by a domestic worker hanging from a curtain rail in her room on Canterbury Ward at St Lukes Hospital in Middlesbrough .
catherine morse , 58 , of jervaulx road , north skelton , was [found out] by a domestic worker hanging from a curtain rail in her room on canterbury ward at st lukes hospital in middlesbrough .

Teesside trains were also stopped when firemen discovered a gas cylinder near the fire .
teesside trains were also stopped when firemen [found out] a gas cylinder near the fire .

They discovered a cash-box , crammed full with notes £12,000 in £20 notes and £9,000 in £50 notes .
they [found out] a cash-box , crammed full with notes £12,000 in £20 notes and £9,000 in £50 notes .

In the course of two years ' research he 's discovered a great deal but admits there are gaps that he would like to fill . ‘
in the course of two years ' research he 's [found out] a great deal but admits there are gaps that he would like to fill . ‘

One of the neighbours told officers he saw two youths running away from the scene just prior to the fire being discovered .
one of the neighbours told officers he saw two youths running away from the scene just prior to the fire being [found out] .

She was discovered to be a nurse by day and an escort girl by night .
she was [found out] to be a nurse by day and an escort girl by night .

Doors were damaged , windows smashed , light fittings torn out and curtains ripped down in the mindless spree , discovered yesterday morning .
doors were damaged , windows smashed , light fittings torn out and curtains ripped down in the mindless spree , [found out] yesterday morning .

They then discovered the shaft 's brittle shale walls made it almost impossible to get out again .
they then [found out] the shaft 's brittle shale walls made it almost impossible to get out again .

Mrs Gregory later discovered her husband had fallen and hurt himself .
mrs gregory later [found out] her husband had fallen and hurt himself .

‘ The ferocity of the fire suggested it had been going quite a while before it was discovered .
‘ the ferocity of the fire suggested it had been going quite a while before it was [found out] .

The spa fad began to die just as iron ore was discovered on Teesside during the middle of the last century .
the spa fad began to die just as iron ore was [found out] on teesside during the middle of the last century .

Inside the house they discovered 22month-old Penny and her mother Robyn Thrower , 25 , on the floor .
inside the house they [found out] 22month-old penny and her mother robyn thrower , 25 , on the floor .

The body of Kevin McEvoy was discovered at 7.15am yesterday by a 14-year-old girl on the first day of her new job as a papergirl .
the body of kevin mcevoy was [found out] at 7.15am yesterday by a 14-year-old girl on the first day of her new job as a papergirl .

Jackie Hart , 14 , was praised by her employer , newsagent Geoff Thomas , for her courage after she discovered the body of gunned down Mr McEvoy in a pool of blood .
jackie hart , 14 , was praised by her employer , newsagent geoff thomas , for her courage after she [found out] the body of gunned down mr mcevoy in a pool of blood .

Jackie discovered the body of Mr McEvoy , 50 , who was shot dead outside his home in Greta Avenue , Hartlepool , on Saturday night .
jackie [found out] the body of mr mcevoy , 50 , who was shot dead outside his home in greta avenue , hartlepool , on saturday night .

After investigations , she discovered the earlier offences .
after investigations , she [found out] the earlier offences .

His body was discovered by Frank Collins , caretaker of Kirby College , at the rear of The Barns , in Orchard Road , on a Saturday morning when the college was closed .
his body was [found out] by frank collins , caretaker of kirby college , at the rear of the barns , in orchard road , on a saturday morning when the college was closed .

He became interested as a boy of six when he discovered a set living just a few hundred yards away from the wooden bungalow in which the family then lived .
he became interested as a boy of six when he [found out] a set living just a few hundred yards away from the wooden bungalow in which the family then lived .

They have discovered that in the period when most deaths occur between two and four months 80–90pc of babies produce a sticky substance in their saliva which makes it easier for bacteria to stick to the nose and throat .
they have [found out] that in the period when most deaths occur between two and four months 80–90pc of babies produce a sticky substance in their saliva which makes it easier for bacteria to stick to the nose and throat .

Later , she became a nun and abbess of Gwytherin , where , in 1698 , the historian Edward Llhuyd claimed to have discovered the remains of her shrine .
later , she became a nun and abbess of gwytherin , where , in 1698 , the historian edward llhuyd claimed to have [found out] the remains of her shrine .

Viewers will love some of the crazy contraptions that the man from Huddersfield has created and those he has since discovered such as sandals for nudists with a built-in purse and the safety bra for female acrobats .
viewers will love some of the crazy contraptions that the man from huddersfield has created and those he has since [found out] such as sandals for nudists with a built-in purse and the safety bra for female acrobats .

The Sir Michael Connell inquiry discovered that in 1991 , official starter Capt Keith Brown had requested two alterations reduction in the width of the starting gate and switching the side of the starter 's rostrum .
the sir michael connell inquiry [found out] that in 1991 , official starter capt keith brown had requested two alterations reduction in the width of the starting gate and switching the side of the starter 's rostrum .

Few stations south of Thirsk had much to offer until Richard discovered Biggleswade on a visit to his sister 's home .
few stations south of thirsk had much to offer until richard [found out] biggleswade on a visit to his sister 's home .

‘ My father discovered some of it had been stolen , even though he was still being sent a bill each month to cover storage , ’ said Cooper .
‘ my father [found out] some of it had been stolen , even though he was still being sent a bill each month to cover storage , ’ said cooper .

But when their belongings were delivered to their daughter 's home in early December , they discovered many items were missing .
but when their belongings were delivered to their daughter 's home in early december , they [found out] many items were missing .

After being hauled out by rescuers using a rope , he was helped up 300-ft high steps and a mile-and-a-half across moorland before changing back at his car and travelling back to Middlesbrough where the extent of his injuries were discovered .
after being hauled out by rescuers using a rope , he was helped up 300-ft high steps and a mile-and-a-half across moorland before changing back at his car and travelling back to middlesbrough where the extent of his injuries were [found out] .

Tottenham Hotspur and Millwall have both discovered life bumpy as a listed company .
tottenham hotspur and millwall have both [found out] life bumpy as a listed company .

Clark thought he was over-age , but his coach , Stan Long discovered his protege had beaten the deadline by 18 days .
clark thought he was over-age , but his coach , stan long [found out] his protege had beaten the deadline by 18 days .

Kirkley , the man who discovered Paul Gascoigne , got his cards on his 50th birthday and admitted : ‘ It 's devastating . ’
kirkley , the man who [found out] paul gascoigne , got his cards on his 50th birthday and admitted : ‘ it 's devastating . ’

Kirkley , who also discovered England stars Trevor Steven ( for Burnley ) and Peter Beardsley ( Carlisle ) , feared the worst when Keegan announced he was planning a major overhaul at the club .
kirkley , who also [found out] england stars trevor steven ( for burnley ) and peter beardsley ( carlisle ) , feared the worst when keegan announced he was planning a major overhaul at the club .

Their disruptive behaviour was proving a headache to Mr Jones until he discovered the elephants could be kept at bay if he fed them with their favourite fruit pears .
their disruptive behaviour was proving a headache to mr jones until he [found out] the elephants could be kept at bay if he fed them with their favourite fruit pears .

Champ , a 17-year-old terrier-cross , was discovered lying by his owner John Goult 's body on Saturday afternoon .
champ , a 17-year-old terrier-cross , was [found out] lying by his owner john goult 's body on saturday afternoon .

The little boy was discovered in his buggy at a citizens advice bureau in Hamilton , near Glasgow , with a note pinned to him .
the little boy was [found out] in his buggy at a citizens advice bureau in hamilton , near glasgow , with a note pinned to him .

Police forced entry and discovered her body on the settee .
police forced entry and [found out] her body on the settee .

The little boy was discovered in his buggy at a citizens ' advice bureau with a note pinned to him .
the little boy was [found out] in his buggy at a citizens ' advice bureau with a note pinned to him .

Denise 's body was discovered in the lounge above the pub at about 11.30am yesterday after staff had arrived to find the pub locked .
denise 's body was [found out] in the lounge above the pub at about 11.30am yesterday after staff had arrived to find the pub locked .

Police forced entry and discovered her body on the settee .
police forced entry and [found out] her body on the settee .

The Irish tag was redeemed for a small reward and it was only when it arrived back in the Central Fisheries Board office , Dublin , that Sea Angling Officer , Peter Green , discovered that a new distance record had been set for their shark tag scheme .
the irish tag was redeemed for a small reward and it was only when it arrived back in the central fisheries board office , dublin , that sea angling officer , peter green , [found out] that a new distance record had been set for their shark tag scheme .

They discovered that the pair were also trading at a stall in Abingdon and by mail order .
they [found out] that the pair were also trading at a stall in abingdon and by mail order .

But as Sara White discovered , the re-enactment took on an air of reality with some twenty-five soldiers injured and seven taken to hospital .
but as sara white [found out] , the re-enactment took on an air of reality with some twenty-five soldiers injured and seven taken to hospital .

But when they tried to leave Nepal , officials discovered they were travelling on fake visas , bought in good faith .
but when they tried to leave nepal , officials [found out] they were travelling on fake visas , bought in good faith .

And their reaction when they discovered they 'd won ?
and their reaction when they [found out] they 'd won ?

Cows and calves inside were led to safety , and it was some hours later that firemen discovered a body in the debris .
cows and calves inside were led to safety , and it was some hours later that firemen [found out] a body in the debris .

He 's also a keen golfer taking part regularly in showbusiness tournaments … in fact it was on the golf course in Blackpool that he first discovered he was ill .
he 's also a keen golfer taking part regularly in showbusiness tournaments … in fact it was on the golf course in blackpool that he first [found out] he was ill .

Before the car was discovered , Probyn made a television appeal for his wife to come forward .
before the car was [found out] , probyn made a television appeal for his wife to come forward .

The problem was discovered when a woman bought a mower from the West Garden Machinery Shop at Blewbury near Didcot .
the problem was [found out] when a woman bought a mower from the west garden machinery shop at blewbury near didcot .

It was only when an independent gas fitter checked the meters on the outside of the flats that Susan and Nikki discovered they were getting eachothers bills :
it was only when an independent gas fitter checked the meters on the outside of the flats that susan and nikki [found out] they were getting eachothers bills :

Before today 's hearing , Mr Allis 's brother discovered the disputed fence had been torn down , and replaced on the correct boundary .
before today 's hearing , mr allis 's brother [found out] the disputed fence had been torn down , and replaced on the correct boundary .

Before today 's hearing , Mr Allis 's brother discovered the disputed fence had been torn down , and replaced on the correct boundary .
before today 's hearing , mr allis 's brother [found out] the disputed fence had been torn down , and replaced on the correct boundary .

Mollie Pritchard 's just discovered there 's no age limit for victims of crime .
mollie pritchard 's just [found out] there 's no age limit for victims of crime .

Roy Boulting , with his identical twin brother John , made more than fifty films , and on the way discovered some of the country 's most famous actors , such as Peter Sellers and Richard Attenborough .
roy boulting , with his identical twin brother john , made more than fifty films , and on the way [found out] some of the country 's most famous actors , such as peter sellers and richard attenborough .

Just a few days before he was due to start the second year of his course , his body was discovered by fire crews in the remains of a barn fire .
just a few days before he was due to start the second year of his course , his body was [found out] by fire crews in the remains of a barn fire .

The bodies of Kate Curran , in her 50s , and her 32-year-old daughter Angela were discovered in Mrs Curran 's Edenvale Avenue home .
the bodies of kate curran , in her 50s , and her 32-year-old daughter angela were [found out] in mrs curran 's edenvale avenue home .

June 28 : Ecstasy worth £4,000 discovered on a bus at the Culmore Road checkpoint in Londonderry .
june 28 : ecstasy worth £4,000 [found out] on a bus at the culmore road checkpoint in londonderry .

July 3 : Cannabis resin with a street value of £2,000 discovered in a car stopped in Bessbrook .
july 3 : cannabis resin with a street value of £2,000 [found out] in a car stopped in bessbrook .

The theft from the adjoining parochial house is believed to have happened on Sunday , but was only discovered yesterday when church officers prepared to make a lodgment .
the theft from the adjoining parochial house is believed to have happened on sunday , but was only [found out] yesterday when church officers prepared to make a lodgment .

Mr Lennon discovered some of the aforementioned ‘ nasties ’ in his own water several weeks ago .
mr lennon [found out] some of the aforementioned ‘ nasties ’ in his own water several weeks ago .

Police are trying to identify a man who 's body was discovered in a barn destroyed by fire .
police are trying to identify a man who 's body was [found out] in a barn destroyed by fire .

By 1935 Kenneth had discovered the pleasures of composing serious music and had several works published .
by 1935 kenneth had [found out] the pleasures of composing serious music and had several works published .

Samuel Palmer was what eventually led to Keating 's discovery . His girlfriend sold one of Keating 's paintings to a dealer and it was discovered and eventually traced back
samuel palmer was what eventually led to keating 's discovery . his girlfriend sold one of keating 's paintings to a dealer and it was [found out] and eventually traced back

Dubliners were told in 1988 that Molly 's birth and baptismal records had been discovered in the registers of St John 's Church .
dubliners were told in 1988 that molly 's birth and baptismal records had been [found out] in the registers of st john 's church .

The man 's body was discovered among the remains of a burnt out cottage .
the man 's body was [found out] among the remains of a burnt out cottage .

The man 's body was discovered among the remains of a burnt out cottage .
the man 's body was [found out] among the remains of a burnt out cottage .

They were all discovered in a raid on a single house .
they were all [found out] in a raid on a single house .

Mr Beechey , pictured here a few days after the body of his neighbour was discovered , said nothing during the hearing .
mr beechey , pictured here a few days after the body of his neighbour was [found out] , said nothing during the hearing .

Tania Probyn 's white Renault car was discovered in the murky waters of the river Severn after two days of an intensive search by the police .
tania probyn 's white renault car was [found out] in the murky waters of the river severn after two days of an intensive search by the police .

Police investigating the death of a woman , whose body was discovered in a car pulled from the River Severn , have been searching the riverbank for clues .
police investigating the death of a woman , whose body was [found out] in a car pulled from the river severn , have been searching the riverbank for clues .

The body of sixty eight year old Alwyn Baker was discovered just after midnight at his bungalow in the Hampton area of Evesham .
the body of sixty eight year old alwyn baker was [found out] just after midnight at his bungalow in the hampton area of evesham .

The body of sixty eight year old Alwyn Baker was discovered just after midnight at his bungalow in the Hampton area of Evesham .
the body of sixty eight year old alwyn baker was [found out] just after midnight at his bungalow in the hampton area of evesham .

Two hours after Mr baker 's body was discovered , officers from Avon and Somerset Police arrested a man near Frome .
two hours after mr baker 's body was [found out] , officers from avon and somerset police arrested a man near frome .

The body of sixty eight year old Alwyn Baker was discovered just after midnight at his bungalow in the Hampton area of Evesham .
the body of sixty eight year old alwyn baker was [found out] just after midnight at his bungalow in the hampton area of evesham .

Two hours after Mr baker 's body was discovered , officers from Avon and Somerset Police arrested a man near Frome .
two hours after mr baker 's body was [found out] , officers from avon and somerset police arrested a man near frome .

The body of sixty eight year old Alwyn Baker was discovered just after midnight at his bungalow in the Hampton area of Evesham .
the body of sixty eight year old alwyn baker was [found out] just after midnight at his bungalow in the hampton area of evesham .

Two hours after Mr baker 's body was discovered , officers from Avon and Somerset Police arrested a man near Frome .
two hours after mr baker 's body was [found out] , officers from avon and somerset police arrested a man near frome .

The car was hauled out of the river and Tania 's body was discovered inside .
the car was hauled out of the river and tania 's body was [found out] inside .

The puppies , which are about eight days old , were discovered by a busy road side .
the puppies , which are about eight days old , were [found out] by a busy road side .

They discovered that the pair were also trading at a stall in Abingdon and by mail order .
they [found out] that the pair were also trading at a stall in abingdon and by mail order .

She discovered the material was rotten and that it was contaminated .
she [found out] the material was rotten and that it was contaminated .

Daph had decided on cream for the walls of the bedroom but when we went to the paint store she discovered that the word cream covered a multitude of shades .
daph had decided on cream for the walls of the bedroom but when we went to the paint store she [found out] that the word cream covered a multitude of shades .

The Garda Crime Prevention Officer in Letterkenny has issued a warning that items which could be used in the celebration of a ‘ Black Mass ’ had been discovered .
the garda crime prevention officer in letterkenny has issued a warning that items which could be used in the celebration of a ‘ black mass ’ had been [found out] .

It had been rumoured to be carrying Nazi treasures or secrets , but survivors from the German submarine crew doubt whether any major treasure will be discovered .
it had been rumoured to be carrying nazi treasures or secrets , but survivors from the german submarine crew doubt whether any major treasure will be [found out] .

It was five races into the championship before it was discovered Jonny had been driving with a broken chassis , which made it impossible to get his car to handle properly .
it was five races into the championship before it was [found out] jonny had been driving with a broken chassis , which made it impossible to get his car to handle properly .

He says they were shocked when they discovered the extent of the plans .
he says they were shocked when they [found out] the extent of the plans .

Generally , have you discovered any particular changes in Brighton 's home furnishing over the past generation ?
generally , have you [found out] any particular changes in brighton 's home furnishing over the past generation ?

It was discovered not on earth in fact but on the sun in the first place , in about eighteen sixty-eight erm absorption lines were seen , and , and it was a long time after that before people realised there was some helium on the earth and , and , and eventually erm helium , some gas was found bubbling up through , from a pit in the Black Forest and , and analysed and found to be helium .
it was [found out] not on earth in fact but on the sun in the first place , in about eighteen sixty-eight erm absorption lines were seen , and , and it was a long time after that before people realised there was some helium on the earth and , and , and eventually erm helium , some gas was found bubbling up through , from a pit in the black forest and , and analysed and found to be helium .

Only three years after that he put some erm mercury into a glass capillary and measured its resistance , and in nineteen eleven he discovered superconductivity .
only three years after that he put some erm mercury into a glass capillary and measured its resistance , and in nineteen eleven he [found out] superconductivity .

That was discovered to be superfluid in about nineteen thirty-two .
that was [found out] to be superfluid in about nineteen thirty-two .

They discovered sweatshops and people working in their homes for long hours trying to erm patch together a very very poor living .
they [found out] sweatshops and people working in their homes for long hours trying to erm patch together a very very poor living .

Harry Kroto is a chemist at the University , who a few years ago , in collaboration with a colleague and a student , discovered something about interstellar space that has forced scientists to reconsider their views .
harry kroto is a chemist at the university , who a few years ago , in collaboration with a colleague and a student , [found out] something about interstellar space that has forced scientists to reconsider their views .

Well we discovered that there were some compounds in interstellar space that we were really rather more complicated than had previously been thought possible , and these molecules had infeasible prebiotic species , in that there were very simple reactions that could take place that would allow them to form amino acids and other rather intriguing biological molecules .
well we [found out] that there were some compounds in interstellar space that we were really rather more complicated than had previously been thought possible , and these molecules had infeasible prebiotic species , in that there were very simple reactions that could take place that would allow them to form amino acids and other rather intriguing biological molecules .

Why is it that these molecules were n't discovered earlier ?
why is it that these molecules were n't [found out] earlier ?

It was over 3 weeks before her body was discovered dumped on wasteland in Hertfordshire .
it was over 3 weeks before her body was [found out] dumped on wasteland in hertfordshire .

When her body was discovered on waste ground in Hertfordshire her neck had been crushed with great force .
when her body was [found out] on waste ground in hertfordshire her neck had been crushed with great force .

We 've discovered that if you do n't give — when a deer comes in ; a road casualty or anything , we do n't give them a massive shot of steroids , it 'll die , so we can advise people giving them massive shot of steroids and er the deer live then you can start worrying about his injuries erm baby birds ; there 's classic ways of rearing baby birds which are very , very important at the moment 'cause there 's thousands of them around .
we 've [found out] that if you do n't give — when a deer comes in ; a road casualty or anything , we do n't give them a massive shot of steroids , it 'll die , so we can advise people giving them massive shot of steroids and er the deer live then you can start worrying about his injuries erm baby birds ; there 's classic ways of rearing baby birds which are very , very important at the moment 'cause there 's thousands of them around .

Novelist , Andrew Field , claims to have discovered the lost chronicle of Edward de Vere in a hidden compartment of a desk in Chipping Norton , and he 's written a convincing novel round the supposed documents , supporting the theory that de Vere was a diplomat scholar and soldier beloved of Elizabeth the first , that he in fact , wrote the plays and the sonnets .
novelist , andrew field , claims to have [found out] the lost chronicle of edward de vere in a hidden compartment of a desk in chipping norton , and he 's written a convincing novel round the supposed documents , supporting the theory that de vere was a diplomat scholar and soldier beloved of elizabeth the first , that he in fact , wrote the plays and the sonnets .

When fire protection officials came to look at the dump they discovered mattresses deposited by a bed company , furniture and even potentially hazardous oil cans .
when fire protection officials came to look at the dump they [found out] mattresses deposited by a bed company , furniture and even potentially hazardous oil cans .

Basically everything except spirits , because they have n't yet er discovered how to make low alcohol spirits .
basically everything except spirits , because they have n't yet er [found out] how to make low alcohol spirits .

Well quite a lot of the lakes and streams have lost their fish , of course that 's the , that 's the most important thing , between , particularly salmon and trout , and we have discovered that they are killed not so much by the acid , but by the aluminium which has leaked out of the soil by the acid water , the acid rain , and er that er the fish find this very hard to tolerate .
well quite a lot of the lakes and streams have lost their fish , of course that 's the , that 's the most important thing , between , particularly salmon and trout , and we have [found out] that they are killed not so much by the acid , but by the aluminium which has leaked out of the soil by the acid water , the acid rain , and er that er the fish find this very hard to tolerate .

And are there any more elements that have been discovered , for example ?
and are there any more elements that have been [found out] , for example ?

The whole of our modern energy industry is based , therefore , round inorganic chemistry , and there 's a lot of new inorganic chemistry to be discovered .
the whole of our modern energy industry is based , therefore , round inorganic chemistry , and there 's a lot of new inorganic chemistry to be [found out] .

Is this a new disease , something we 've discovered recently , or has it been around for a long time ?
is this a new disease , something we 've [found out] recently , or has it been around for a long time ?

We have a tremendous population here that have not discovered what 's on their doorstep .
we have a tremendous population here that have not [found out] what 's on their doorstep .

Then , all of a sudden , he did n't come into the office any more and we discovered that he had been recruited by the Moonies over there .
then , all of a sudden , he did n't come into the office any more and we [found out] that he had been recruited by the moonies over there .

The next day cryptosporidium was also discovered at nearby Swinford Treatment Works .
the next day cryptosporidium was also [found out] at nearby swinford treatment works .

Two explorers passing through the Chilean desert in 1974 discovered the banana could help keep them on the move when they became stranded because their car had drained of oil .
two explorers passing through the chilean desert in 1974 [found out] the banana could help keep them on the move when they became stranded because their car had drained of oil .

Or could it be Colebrooke , who had discovered Sir Ralph 's murky past and was promoting his own ambitions under the guise of revenge for past misdeeds ?
or could it be colebrooke , who had [found out] sir ralph 's murky past and was promoting his own ambitions under the guise of revenge for past misdeeds ?

As an example of what is meant by ‘ assignment ’ , we might say that a botanist who discovers an unusual plant will try to assign it to a known species ; if this is found impossible , it will be decided that a new species has been discovered , and that future examples of this plant will be assigned to this new species .
as an example of what is meant by ‘ assignment ’ , we might say that a botanist who discovers an unusual plant will try to assign it to a known species ; if this is found impossible , it will be decided that a new species has been [found out] , and that future examples of this plant will be assigned to this new species .

The third stage , the transmission of sound waves through the air , is studied by acoustic analysis ; much has been discovered about the sounds of speech in this way .
the third stage , the transmission of sound waves through the air , is studied by acoustic analysis ; much has been [found out] about the sounds of speech in this way .

When we asked buyers on your behalf , about products you would like Sainsbury 's to sell , we discovered all sorts of interesting things .
when we asked buyers on your behalf , about products you would like sainsbury 's to sell , we [found out] all sorts of interesting things .

We also discovered that loose sausages are making a comeback ! Full story on page 14 .
we also [found out] that loose sausages are making a comeback ! full story on page 14 .

We discovered that , unfortunately , our stores do not have the facilities to comply with health and safety regulations relating to hot food .
we [found out] that , unfortunately , our stores do not have the facilities to comply with health and safety regulations relating to hot food .

The crime was discovered by firemen called to a blaze at a house in Bowden Road , Smethwick , West Midlands .
the crime was [found out] by firemen called to a blaze at a house in bowden road , smethwick , west midlands .

The prosecution was brought by trading standards officers who discovered food on sale after its ‘ use by ’ date at five stores in Knowsley , Merseyside .
the prosecution was brought by trading standards officers who [found out] food on sale after its ‘ use by ’ date at five stores in knowsley , merseyside .

Inspectors , it is reported , discovered that two farmers had not declared their income for 11 years during which their actual earnings were £900,000 and £250,000 .
inspectors , it is reported , [found out] that two farmers had not declared their income for 11 years during which their actual earnings were £900,000 and £250,000 .

The probe started after the Revenue discovered that two Welsh farmers had not declared their income for 11 years in which time their actual earning amounted to £90,000 and £250,000 .
the probe started after the revenue [found out] that two welsh farmers had not declared their income for 11 years in which time their actual earning amounted to £90,000 and £250,000 .

Alan Haughton , 27 , of Elsinore Heights , Halewood , was discovered in flames by two passers-by at 12.30am .
alan haughton , 27 , of elsinore heights , halewood , was [found out] in flames by two passers-by at 12.30am .

On his second voyage , Christopher Columbus discovered Dominica .
on his second voyage , christopher columbus [found out] dominica .

They discovered the manor stood on the site of a medieval castle ‘ the lost palace ’ of Llywelyn Fawr ( Llewelyn the Great ) and his son , Llywelyn , the last Welsh prince .
they [found out] the manor stood on the site of a medieval castle ‘ the lost palace ’ of llywelyn fawr ( llewelyn the great ) and his son , llywelyn , the last welsh prince .

Despite fast-flowing seas , the three-man crew of the lifeboat managed to scramble on board the shrimper where they discovered Joe Ross , partially submerged inside the cabin .
despite fast-flowing seas , the three-man crew of the lifeboat managed to scramble on board the shrimper where they [found out] joe ross , partially submerged inside the cabin .

Seymour saw Newcastle beat Birmingham 3-2 on Wednesday night and was discovered yesterday in the bed of his Birmingham hotel .
seymour saw newcastle beat birmingham 3-2 on wednesday night and was [found out] yesterday in the bed of his birmingham hotel .

Lynn says : ‘ Because the centre had discovered the problem they were prepared .
lynn says : ‘ because the centre had [found out] the problem they were prepared .

The break-in was discovered by her two sons , Peter , 17 , and Neil , 15 , when they came home from school .
the break-in was [found out] by her two sons , peter , 17 , and neil , 15 , when they came home from school .

One trap was discovered on Mill Dam , St Helens , and another at Lennon Stretch on the canal at St Helens .
one trap was [found out] on mill dam , st helens , and another at lennon stretch on the canal at st helens .

Diamonds were discovered at Kimberley , South Africa .
diamonds were [found out] at kimberley , south africa .

It was discovered that the headache is unpredictable .
it was [found out] that the headache is unpredictable .

More and more frequently the assaulting infantry discovered that French machine-gun nests had been left untouched by the artillery .
more and more frequently the assaulting infantry [found out] that french machine-gun nests had been left untouched by the artillery .

As the Allies had discovered in all their abortive offensives , however wide the front might be there would always be a devilish machine gun on a flank that could hold up a whole division ; broaden the front to eliminate that machine gun , and inevitably there would be yet another on the new flank .
as the allies had [found out] in all their abortive offensives , however wide the front might be there would always be a devilish machine gun on a flank that could hold up a whole division ; broaden the front to eliminate that machine gun , and inevitably there would be yet another on the new flank .

Gas gangrene , for which an effective cure was not discovered till a few weeks before the Armistice , claimed an ever-increasing toll ; during the April fighting on the Right Bank , one French regiment had thirty-two officers wounded of whom no fewer than nineteen died subsequently , mostly from gas gangrene .
gas gangrene , for which an effective cure was not [found out] till a few weeks before the armistice , claimed an ever-increasing toll ; during the april fighting on the right bank , one french regiment had thirty-two officers wounded of whom no fewer than nineteen died subsequently , mostly from gas gangrene .

‘ If the condition had not been diagnosed might have discovered he was ill when it was too late to do anything , ’ said .
‘ if the condition had not been diagnosed might have [found out] he was ill when it was too late to do anything , ’ said .

so where did all of the other languages come from ? It goes on to say and it came about that in thy journeying eastward they eventually discovered a valid plain and a land of Shinar and they took up growing there and they began to say each one to the other come on let us make bricks and bake and bake with a burning process , so bricks served as stone for them and
so where did all of the other languages come from ? it goes on to say and it came about that in thy journeying eastward they eventually [found out] a valid plain and a land of shinar and they took up growing there and they began to say each one to the other come on let us make bricks and bake and bake with a burning process , so bricks served as stone for them and

she 's been contributing that 's one reason one , she 's , discovered other things , this morning somebody turned up apparently they took a loan out
she 's been contributing that 's one reason one , she 's , [found out] other things , this morning somebody turned up apparently they took a loan out

Erm we discovered we could have come through this road here
erm we [found out] we could have come through this road here

We discovered why .
we [found out] why .

Daryl 's early musical experiences began by playing trumpet in the school band , but by the time he was eleven he had discovered the guitar .
daryl 's early musical experiences began by playing trumpet in the school band , but by the time he was eleven he had [found out] the guitar .

When he discovered Blur were on the same label as Jesus Jones — with whom he shares the same management — Stephen ‘ put a word through ’ expressing his admiration .
when he [found out] blur were on the same label as jesus jones — with whom he shares the same management — stephen ‘ put a word through ’ expressing his admiration .

Acquiring his first proper guitar at the age of ten , Ry first discovered bluegrass and then the country blues players : the Rev .
acquiring his first proper guitar at the age of ten , ry first [found out] bluegrass and then the country blues players : the rev .

At least it covered all the sharp projections , and we discovered it could be cut ridiculously easy with a saw , to something like level with the surrounding crazy paving .
at least it covered all the sharp projections , and we [found out] it could be cut ridiculously easy with a saw , to something like level with the surrounding crazy paving .

Others have discovered that if you depress a note behind the slide , the string passes under it enabling it to sound ; but no-one has taken the technique to the extent that this man has .
others have [found out] that if you depress a note behind the slide , the string passes under it enabling it to sound ; but no-one has taken the technique to the extent that this man has .

The volume of the ocean basins has fluctuated over time and this has a great influence over virtually every other life-generating and sustaining force ever discovered .
the volume of the ocean basins has fluctuated over time and this has a great influence over virtually every other life-generating and sustaining force ever [found out] .

There were three distinctive characteristics about the archosaurs that paleontologists discovered marked them off from their antecedents .
there were three distinctive characteristics about the archosaurs that paleontologists [found out] marked them off from their antecedents .

John Ostrom of Yale University discovered in 1964 in the Lower Cretaceous of Montana , what he called Deinonychus ( ‘ terrible claw ’ ) .
john ostrom of yale university [found out] in 1964 in the lower cretaceous of montana , what he called deinonychus ( ‘ terrible claw ’ ) .

Unfortunately , evidence of either using tools or eating meat does not appear among the fossils until almost two million years later than that indicated when the first upright hominid skeleton was discovered in fossil form .
unfortunately , evidence of either using tools or eating meat does not appear among the fossils until almost two million years later than that indicated when the first upright hominid skeleton was [found out] in fossil form .

David Martill of the Open University , and David Unwin of Reading University , discovered the fossilized tissue of the wing of a Sandactylus alive 100 million years ago , which had more in common with bat wings than the skin of modern reptiles .
david martill of the open university , and david unwin of reading university , [found out] the fossilized tissue of the wing of a sandactylus alive 100 million years ago , which had more in common with bat wings than the skin of modern reptiles .

The principle of identity is even more vividly expressed in his poem ‘ Nutting ’ . Having discovered a shady nook of hazel trees as a boy , he entered it :
the principle of identity is even more vividly expressed in his poem ‘ nutting ’ . having [found out] a shady nook of hazel trees as a boy , he entered it :

When McQueen discovered the situation , he refused to work until everyone was paid .
when mcqueen [found out] the situation , he refused to work until everyone was paid .

He discovered that Bob was twenty-five , four years his junior , and realised that it was the first time since his brother Joe 's marriage , when they were seventeen and twenty , that he had had a companion of roughly his own age .
he [found out] that bob was twenty-five , four years his junior , and realised that it was the first time since his brother joe 's marriage , when they were seventeen and twenty , that he had had a companion of roughly his own age .

His Political Memoranda , written for the instruction of his Residents in the period 1902 to 1905 and published in 1906 , were revered as the canonical texts of Indirect Rule , and his administrative record , as Hugh Clifford discovered upon succeeding him as governor of Nigeria , was regarded as beyond criticism .
his political memoranda , written for the instruction of his residents in the period 1902 to 1905 and published in 1906 , were revered as the canonical texts of indirect rule , and his administrative record , as hugh clifford [found out] upon succeeding him as governor of nigeria , was regarded as beyond criticism .

Reading it , the British discovered that they had been speaking the imperial equivalent of prose all their lives .
reading it , the british [found out] that they had been speaking the imperial equivalent of prose all their lives .

In September 1939 the Congress politicians who were enjoying the fruits of office abruptly discovered the limits of their power .
in september 1939 the congress politicians who were enjoying the fruits of office abruptly [found out] the limits of their power .

It is only by means of regression that the root of such cases can be discovered and the foundation laid for the follow-up treatment .
it is only by means of regression that the root of such cases can be [found out] and the foundation laid for the follow-up treatment .

Retraining may not be necessary if new outlets can be discovered for present skills .
retraining may not be necessary if new outlets can be [found out] for present skills .

If such discouragement had been heeded , penicillin would never have been discovered , Florence Nightingale would have stayed home with her tatting and Hannibal would not have attempted to take elephants across the Alps .
if such discouragement had been heeded , penicillin would never have been [found out] , florence nightingale would have stayed home with her tatting and hannibal would not have attempted to take elephants across the alps .

Having discovered which it is , say it up-to-time at normal speed .
having [found out] which it is , say it up-to-time at normal speed .

Ray discovered that his exploits had been recorded in a specialist fishing magazine .
ray [found out] that his exploits had been recorded in a specialist fishing magazine .

As many readers have discovered the supply of the specified unidirectional microphones for this project has dried up — apparently they are no longer being made .
as many readers have [found out] the supply of the specified unidirectional microphones for this project has dried up — apparently they are no longer being made .

We discovered that we 'd got a lot of unnecessary parts — things that were over-indulgent — so we chucked 'em out .
we [found out] that we 'd got a lot of unnecessary parts — things that were over-indulgent — so we chucked 'em out .

Between 1937 and 1963 , the Wright brothers discovered the well-preserved remains of three oak-planked boats embedded in mud and clay at the water 's edge .
between 1937 and 1963 , the wright brothers [found out] the well-preserved remains of three oak-planked boats embedded in mud and clay at the water 's edge .

There were until about 20 years ago , mosaic pavements from Roman times displayed in their original positions where they had been discovered during field work , together with one unearthed some little distance away at a later excavation .
there were until about 20 years ago , mosaic pavements from roman times displayed in their original positions where they had been [found out] during field work , together with one unearthed some little distance away at a later excavation .

If you have tried sprinkling it on breakfast cereal and weighed the quantity , you will have discovered that you get a large volume for a quarter of an ounce — just about as much as you can palatably add to a single portion of breakfast cereal , without beginning to think that you are eating a bowl of sawdust !
if you have tried sprinkling it on breakfast cereal and weighed the quantity , you will have [found out] that you get a large volume for a quarter of an ounce — just about as much as you can palatably add to a single portion of breakfast cereal , without beginning to think that you are eating a bowl of sawdust !

Scientists discovered , in an experiment with overweight people , that when allowed to eat as much as they wanted , they ate considerably fewer peanuts in the shell than peanuts provided ready-shelled .
scientists [found out] , in an experiment with overweight people , that when allowed to eat as much as they wanted , they ate considerably fewer peanuts in the shell than peanuts provided ready-shelled .

Psychiatrists working in the area of weight control have discovered that we need our ‘ psychological fill ’ as well as our physical fill of food in order to feel content with what we have eaten .
psychiatrists working in the area of weight control have [found out] that we need our ‘ psychological fill ’ as well as our physical fill of food in order to feel content with what we have eaten .

The following morning , three of the six were eventually discovered at various positions around the living room , the faint glimmer of life making me change my mind about dispatching them to the waste bin .
the following morning , three of the six were eventually [found out] at various positions around the living room , the faint glimmer of life making me change my mind about dispatching them to the waste bin .

As you have discovered , this is an active and territorial fish .
as you have [found out] , this is an active and territorial fish .

The Raasay Ironstone which had been discovered by Woodward in 1893 was assessed and as a result was worked by German prisoners of war .
the raasay ironstone which had been [found out] by woodward in 1893 was assessed and as a result was worked by german prisoners of war .

In the last few decades , however , the simple atoms of the early atomic theories have been discovered to be much more complex than was originally thought , and physicists are continually finding more and more sub-atomic particles .
in the last few decades , however , the simple atoms of the early atomic theories have been [found out] to be much more complex than was originally thought , and physicists are continually finding more and more sub-atomic particles .

In the last two decades a whole new system of checks and balances — the prostaglandin system — has been discovered .
in the last two decades a whole new system of checks and balances — the prostaglandin system — has been [found out] .

Moreover , Hahnemann discovered that if a patient needed a particular remedy he or she tended to be very sensitive to it — much more so than someone for whom it was not indicated .
moreover , hahnemann [found out] that if a patient needed a particular remedy he or she tended to be very sensitive to it — much more so than someone for whom it was not indicated .

To his surprise Hahnemann discovered that remedies prepared in this way often became more powerful therapeutic agents than the original starting materials — a purely empirical observation .
to his surprise hahnemann [found out] that remedies prepared in this way often became more powerful therapeutic agents than the original starting materials — a purely empirical observation .

That it was the wrong remedy was discovered later when he was given a higher potency which helped the eczema but made the asthma worse .
that it was the wrong remedy was [found out] later when he was given a higher potency which helped the eczema but made the asthma worse .

What has been described so far is basically classical homoeopathy as discovered by Hahnemann and developed further by Kent .
what has been described so far is basically classical homoeopathy as [found out] by hahnemann and developed further by kent .

He set up in practice in the copper-mining town of Hettstedt but soon discovered that he was out of sympathy with the barbaric medical practices of his time which often showed little compassion for , or understanding of , the patient .
he set up in practice in the copper-mining town of hettstedt but soon [found out] that he was out of sympathy with the barbaric medical practices of his time which often showed little compassion for , or understanding of , the patient .

As he was a brilliant classical scholar , it is possible that he realized that what he had discovered was in line with one of Hippocrates ' systems , formulated so many centuries before .
as he was a brilliant classical scholar , it is possible that he realized that what he had [found out] was in line with one of hippocrates ' systems , formulated so many centuries before .

Having discovered and developed a logical and effective system of treatment , Hahnemann returned to medical practice in 1805 .
having [found out] and developed a logical and effective system of treatment , hahnemann returned to medical practice in 1805 .

He had already discovered the therapeutic power of lachesis , the deadly poison of the Surukuku or Bushmaster snake of the Amazon forests , and his Guiding Symptoms , written in 1879 , is still in use today .
he had already [found out] the therapeutic power of lachesis , the deadly poison of the surukuku or bushmaster snake of the amazon forests , and his guiding symptoms , written in 1879 , is still in use today .

We are learning more and more about the body 's complex system of integrated metabolic pathways — for instance , the recent discovery of the prostaglandin system — but much , much more remains to be discovered .
we are learning more and more about the body 's complex system of integrated metabolic pathways — for instance , the recent discovery of the prostaglandin system — but much , much more remains to be [found out] .

Each of these was then further subdivided so that he had a total of thirty-eight — each group corresponding to one of the thirty-eight remedies which he subsequently discovered .
each of these was then further subdivided so that he had a total of thirty-eight — each group corresponding to one of the thirty-eight remedies which he subsequently [found out] .

In recent years some new points and meridians have been discovered , but it is remarkable how accurate the ancient Chinese acupuncturists were .
in recent years some new points and meridians have been [found out] , but it is remarkable how accurate the ancient chinese acupuncturists were .

In the past half century or so it has been discovered that water is a very strange substance indeed , exhibiting many anomalous and unexpected characteristics , some of which have already been mentioned in Chapter 7 .
in the past half century or so it has been [found out] that water is a very strange substance indeed , exhibiting many anomalous and unexpected characteristics , some of which have already been mentioned in chapter 7 .

It is interesting that Hahnemann discovered this method of dissolving insoluble materials such as gold , silver , platinum and so on long before colloid chemistry was ever dreamt of .
it is interesting that hahnemann [found out] this method of dissolving insoluble materials such as gold , silver , platinum and so on long before colloid chemistry was ever dreamt of .

To his surprise he discovered that it produced in him the symptoms and signs of the illness which it was used to treat , namely malaria , which in those days was known as intermittent fever .
to his surprise he [found out] that it produced in him the symptoms and signs of the illness which it was used to treat , namely malaria , which in those days was known as intermittent fever .

If he has , they will only be discovered if he is put to the test .
if he has , they will only be [found out] if he is put to the test .

Their ambition will not be merely personal , for they will have discovered that their own goals are best pursued through assisting the organization to attain its goals .
their ambition will not be merely personal , for they will have [found out] that their own goals are best pursued through assisting the organization to attain its goals .

Similarly , the Imperial Smelting Corporation ( a Rio Tinto Zinc subsidiary ) at Avonmouth was discovered by scientists working at Bristol University to be ‘ poisoning ’ local agricultural land as well as inhabitants .
similarly , the imperial smelting corporation ( a rio tinto zinc subsidiary ) at avonmouth was [found out] by scientists working at bristol university to be ‘ poisoning ’ local agricultural land as well as inhabitants .

The latter study , which was conducted in Macomb , Illinois , discovered that during the period 1972 ( when Rossi carried out his research in Baltimore ) to 1979 , ‘ the seriousness rating of white-collar crime … increased both absolutely and to a greater extent than any other category ’ , and more important , increases in seriousness ratings were pronounced in two categories of corporate crime , particularly ‘ violence ’ ( resulting in death or injury ) and ‘ price-fixing ’ .
the latter study , which was conducted in macomb , illinois , [found out] that during the period 1972 ( when rossi carried out his research in baltimore ) to 1979 , ‘ the seriousness rating of white-collar crime … increased both absolutely and to a greater extent than any other category ’ , and more important , increases in seriousness ratings were pronounced in two categories of corporate crime , particularly ‘ violence ’ ( resulting in death or injury ) and ‘ price-fixing ’ .

the complexity of company records , which are not only subject to mysterious , ( but relief-bringing ) disappearances down the corporation vortex , but when occasionally discovered are often so specialized and riddled with technical jargon that the average jurist finds them unintelligible — naturally corporate lawyers render them intelligible in ways which favour their clients ;
the complexity of company records , which are not only subject to mysterious , ( but relief-bringing ) disappearances down the corporation vortex , but when occasionally [found out] are often so specialized and riddled with technical jargon that the average jurist finds them unintelligible — naturally corporate lawyers render them intelligible in ways which favour their clients ;

Clinard and Yeager discovered that violations were far more likely to be committed by large corporations .
clinard and yeager [found out] that violations were far more likely to be committed by large corporations .

‘ We discovered it .
‘ we [found out] it .

Instead Miss Sowerby had discovered an excellent young half-Chinese man of twenty-two , and like most Chinese he could cook , do the laundry , press and whatever little else was needed about the house .
instead miss sowerby had [found out] an excellent young half-chinese man of twenty-two , and like most chinese he could cook , do the laundry , press and whatever little else was needed about the house .

Manson was so pleased with the ensuing panic that rippled through Hollywood after the murders were discovered that he organised another raid , this time with himself as the leader .
manson was so pleased with the ensuing panic that rippled through hollywood after the murders were [found out] that he organised another raid , this time with himself as the leader .

Sheffield Wednesday boss Trevor Francis is hoping for the same kind of bargain with Tishkov as Ferguson discovered when he paid just £650,000 for Kanchelskis .
sheffield wednesday boss trevor francis is hoping for the same kind of bargain with tishkov as ferguson [found out] when he paid just £650,000 for kanchelskis .

He was given a suspended sentence and declared a disqualified person by the Jockey Club after it was discovered that a winning horse called Flockton Grey was a ringer .
he was given a suspended sentence and declared a disqualified person by the jockey club after it was [found out] that a winning horse called flockton grey was a ringer .

‘ Then they gave me a lumbar puncture and discovered the problem .
‘ then they gave me a lumbar puncture and [found out] the problem .

Mike Phelan looked like he may have discovered a passage into the second round with a fierce drive which spun off a defender with the goalkeeper stranded .
mike phelan looked like he may have [found out] a passage into the second round with a fierce drive which spun off a defender with the goalkeeper stranded .

‘ It 's taken this long to get over it and , as many good athletes have discovered to their cost , the temptation has always been to carry on training .
‘ it 's taken this long to get over it and , as many good athletes have [found out] to their cost , the temptation has always been to carry on training .

It was discovered in 1990 that Maisie , now aged four , had leukaemia .
it was [found out] in 1990 that maisie , now aged four , had leukaemia .

But , the Bremen scientists discovered , the fears were well-founded .
but , the bremen scientists [found out] , the fears were well-founded .

It was like he had discovered sex for the first time , ’ said a friend .
it was like he had [found out] sex for the first time , ’ said a friend .

And she discovered a telephone ear-piece extension which allows her to listen and repeat the words of a caller to him .
and she [found out] a telephone ear-piece extension which allows her to listen and repeat the words of a caller to him .

Their adventures begin when an ancient space ship is discovered on a remote island in the Pacific .
their adventures begin when an ancient space ship is [found out] on a remote island in the pacific .

Researchers at Ohio State University have discovered that men have much more difficulty remembering dates than women .
researchers at ohio state university have [found out] that men have much more difficulty remembering dates than women .

The Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents has discovered that around half the victims are children under five .
the royal society for the prevention of accidents has [found out] that around half the victims are children under five .

Because a team of National Aeronautical Space Administration experts in New York has discovered a link between the eruptions and a cooling down of the average global temperature .
because a team of national aeronautical space administration experts in new york has [found out] a link between the eruptions and a cooling down of the average global temperature .

But the final straw came when the would-be Biggles discovered his pride and joy was being used by someone he did n't know to smuggle drugs .
but the final straw came when the would-be biggles [found out] his pride and joy was being used by someone he did n't know to smuggle drugs .

And when Sean Connery discovered he was to be filmed with 8ft sharks for Thunderball his reaction was : ‘ You must be joking — not bloody likely .
and when sean connery [found out] he was to be filmed with 8ft sharks for thunderball his reaction was : ‘ you must be joking — not bloody likely .

In the old days , incidentally , when a mother discovered her daughter was the innocent young victim of the lust of a rich old man , there were several obvious remedies .
in the old days , incidentally , when a mother [found out] her daughter was the innocent young victim of the lust of a rich old man , there were several obvious remedies .

She was someone who minded her own business and had long since discovered it was seldom worth while to interfere with other people 's children .
she was someone who minded her own business and had long since [found out] it was seldom worth while to interfere with other people 's children .

Mr Wormwood discovered that the worst thing about having a permanent hat on his head was having to sleep in it .
mr wormwood [found out] that the worst thing about having a permanent hat on his head was having to sleep in it .

She had lined her pencil-box with pond-weed ready to receive the creature , but she discovered that it was not easy to get the newt out of the hat and into the pencil-box .
she had lined her pencil-box with pond-weed ready to receive the creature , but she [found out] that it was not easy to get the newt out of the hat and into the pencil-box .

And very soon after that , Matilda was moved up into the top form where Miss Plimsoll quickly discovered that this amazing child was every bit as bright as Miss Honey had said .
and very soon after that , matilda was moved up into the top form where miss plimsoll quickly [found out] that this amazing child was every bit as bright as miss honey had said .

This was because , he discovered , that when there is a borderline choice between two letters based on the output from the recogniser , the frequency statistics will favour one of the alternatives and permanently remove the others from consideration , even if they are correct .
this was because , he [found out] , that when there is a borderline choice between two letters based on the output from the recogniser , the frequency statistics will favour one of the alternatives and permanently remove the others from consideration , even if they are correct .

His coat and wallet were discovered by the River Monnow , at Monmouth , South Wales , but no body was found .
his coat and wallet were [found out] by the river monnow , at monmouth , south wales , but no body was found .

Aaron 's company director mum Leah , 36 , only discovered what had happened when she returned to the centre after work . She said :
aaron 's company director mum leah , 36 , only [found out] what had happened when she returned to the centre after work . she said :

The Mirror discovered she was involved in allegations against Stephen and told police and his lawyers in Wolverhampton , West Midlands , where he was in custody .
the mirror [found out] she was involved in allegations against stephen and told police and his lawyers in wolverhampton , west midlands , where he was in custody .

Scared of the dark and freezing in a T-shirt and track suit bottoms , Matthew shouted himself hoarse until he was discovered .
scared of the dark and freezing in a t-shirt and track suit bottoms , matthew shouted himself hoarse until he was [found out] .

The court heard that when the mistake was discovered , an urgent memo was sent out to correct the description .
the court heard that when the mistake was [found out] , an urgent memo was sent out to correct the description .

Then he discovered that the big attraction had been nicked .
then he [found out] that the big attraction had been nicked .

Lisa Conway was discovered in a nightie stabbed through the heart on her bed in a Newcastle flat .
lisa conway was [found out] in a nightie stabbed through the heart on her bed in a newcastle flat .

Then it was discovered that the packages held instructions for a local firm 's staff on a ‘ development exercise ’ .
then it was [found out] that the packages held instructions for a local firm 's staff on a ‘ development exercise ’ .

Sharon , 25 , and 27-year-old Hamdi met at Nottingham University — then discovered their parents lived just a few streets away from each other in Birmingham .
sharon , 25 , and 27-year-old hamdi met at nottingham university — then [found out] their parents lived just a few streets away from each other in birmingham .

After Mia discovered that Woody was having an affair with her 21-year-old adopted daughter , Soon-Yi , the tortured comic genius started to have violent mood swings — and the light-hearted film turned more and more brutal as Woody 's world fell apart .
after mia [found out] that woody was having an affair with her 21-year-old adopted daughter , soon-yi , the tortured comic genius started to have violent mood swings — and the light-hearted film turned more and more brutal as woody 's world fell apart .

Each day we discovered something new and were constantly amazed by the intricate beauty of the area .
each day we [found out] something new and were constantly amazed by the intricate beauty of the area .

When they discovered a pair of woman 's shoes they decided to hunt for more clues , even joking that ‘ we might find a body . ’
when they [found out] a pair of woman 's shoes they decided to hunt for more clues , even joking that ‘ we might find a body . ’

Weapons and ammunition were found — and stunned officers discovered up to two tons of crude , fertiliser-based explosives , frequently used in Ulster , and a small amount of Semtex .
weapons and ammunition were found — and stunned officers [found out] up to two tons of crude , fertiliser-based explosives , frequently used in ulster , and a small amount of semtex .

The next day Bill had X-rays at his local Prince Charles Hospital and his terrible injuries were discovered .
the next day bill had x-rays at his local prince charles hospital and his terrible injuries were [found out] .

Then she discovered she was pregnant and the big day was brought forward .
then she [found out] she was pregnant and the big day was brought forward .

It was discovered in the cardiac intensive care unit where 10 children were recovering from open-heart surgery .
it was [found out] in the cardiac intensive care unit where 10 children were recovering from open-heart surgery .

‘ The four children were not showing any signs of infection but during routine screening , which we carry out every week , we discovered they had the bacteria , ’ said a hospital spokeswoman .
‘ the four children were not showing any signs of infection but during routine screening , which we carry out every week , we [found out] they had the bacteria , ’ said a hospital spokeswoman .

Defective plastic studs which easily come loose and could choke a child have been discovered on ten Spanish-made seats .
defective plastic studs which easily come loose and could choke a child have been [found out] on ten spanish-made seats .

After his arrest , Thai police discovered that his visa had expired .
after his arrest , thai police [found out] that his visa had expired .

Katie 's half-naked body was discovered on June 7 near a cemetery in Cove , Hants .
katie 's half-naked body was [found out] on june 7 near a cemetery in cove , hants .

Later , after a phone tip-off , she was discovered at her family 's large , detached bungalow three miles from the party pub .
later , after a phone tip-off , she was [found out] at her family 's large , detached bungalow three miles from the party pub .

It has discovered some extraordinary photographers and some diabolical journalists
it has [found out] some extraordinary photographers and some diabolical journalists

Stunned by a Thameside painting by Whistler , it was only later that Strayhorn discovered it was actually a view of Battersea Bridge that he 'd admired !
stunned by a thameside painting by whistler , it was only later that strayhorn [found out] it was actually a view of battersea bridge that he 'd admired !

After much investigation , he discovered that it was n't a British resident at all , but a Russian bird that must somehow have been blown off course from its migratory route during the hurricane-force storms of the previous year — the storms that had immediately preceded its arrival in our village car park .
after much investigation , he [found out] that it was n't a british resident at all , but a russian bird that must somehow have been blown off course from its migratory route during the hurricane-force storms of the previous year — the storms that had immediately preceded its arrival in our village car park .

She soon discovered that by stepping on to the glove she had the food literally at her feet .
she soon [found out] that by stepping on to the glove she had the food literally at her feet .

Although recovery is normally complete victims can suffer months of continuing problems — as footballer Lee Sharpe has discovered .
although recovery is normally complete victims can suffer months of continuing problems — as footballer lee sharpe has [found out] .

But Annie 's plans for a restful break were shattered when she discovered the holiday hideaway has a ghost .
but annie 's plans for a restful break were shattered when she [found out] the holiday hideaway has a ghost .

Later , however , it was revealed that another post-mortem discovered 14 different drugs in Presley 's body — including codeine , three sedatives , five varieties of ‘ downers ’ , two anti-depressants and a decongestant .
later , however , it was revealed that another post-mortem [found out] 14 different drugs in presley 's body — including codeine , three sedatives , five varieties of ‘ downers ’ , two anti-depressants and a decongestant .

He had even discovered that John Bohanna , their honorary secretary , shared his admiration for Robert Tressell 's classic novel , The Ragged Trousered Philanthropists .
he had even [found out] that john bohanna , their honorary secretary , shared his admiration for robert tressell 's classic novel , the ragged trousered philanthropists .

Such a strategy presents dangers arising from the very abstract character of rights as , for example , the Trade Union movement has discovered when employment rights , which strengthen the position of employees , also weaken Trade Unions by undermining collective organisation ( Mellish and Collis-Squires , 1976 ; Henry , 1982 ) .
such a strategy presents dangers arising from the very abstract character of rights as , for example , the trade union movement has [found out] when employment rights , which strengthen the position of employees , also weaken trade unions by undermining collective organisation ( mellish and collis-squires , 1976 ; henry , 1982 ) .

In fact it is best not to think of ethical positivism as a theory of natural law because this may lead to consequences which are directly contrary to those sought , namely , the appeal to ‘ higher ’ laws as a basis for disobeying positive law , and the pursuit of an external validation for the devices of positive law which posits the existence of metaphysical rules to be discovered by a process of moral inspection .
in fact it is best not to think of ethical positivism as a theory of natural law because this may lead to consequences which are directly contrary to those sought , namely , the appeal to ‘ higher ’ laws as a basis for disobeying positive law , and the pursuit of an external validation for the devices of positive law which posits the existence of metaphysical rules to be [found out] by a process of moral inspection .

Dennis Waterman felt like going to the canteen so we took him down , got all the food to the check-out , and then discovered that nobody had any money !
dennis waterman felt like going to the canteen so we took him down , got all the food to the check-out , and then [found out] that nobody had any money !

When Les Dawson was a guest on the show , we discovered that he and Ken had been at school together , and Les could not resist reminding him of those happy days : ‘ The school we went to was so poor , if you put your hand up they thought it was a hold up .
when les dawson was a guest on the show , we [found out] that he and ken had been at school together , and les could not resist reminding him of those happy days : ‘ the school we went to was so poor , if you put your hand up they thought it was a hold up .

Most of my guests enjoy their fame , but they have discovered that , enjoyable though the trappings of celebrity may be , there is a price to be paid …
most of my guests enjoy their fame , but they have [found out] that , enjoyable though the trappings of celebrity may be , there is a price to be paid …

The power was last exercised over 30 years ago in the case of Garry Allighan who , having launched the scurrilous accusation that some Members were disclosing confidential business for reward , was discovered to be the sole offender in this respect .
the power was last exercised over 30 years ago in the case of garry allighan who , having launched the scurrilous accusation that some members were disclosing confidential business for reward , was [found out] to be the sole offender in this respect .

There are strict limits on the expenditure which can be incurred by or on behalf of a candidate and a successful candidate who is discovered to have exceeded the limits may find himself unseated .
there are strict limits on the expenditure which can be incurred by or on behalf of a candidate and a successful candidate who is [found out] to have exceeded the limits may find himself unseated .

Keepers discovered her desperately fighting for life at the West Midlands Safari Park where she had to be hand-reared before being transferred to the Kingsley wildlife sanctuary , Cheshire , where she takes every opportunity to hitch a ride from the resident Bull Terrier bitch .
keepers [found out] her desperately fighting for life at the west midlands safari park where she had to be hand-reared before being transferred to the kingsley wildlife sanctuary , cheshire , where she takes every opportunity to hitch a ride from the resident bull terrier bitch .

‘ Be ready to answer … ’ Probably if ‘ Damnation Derek ’ had bothered to talk to people and get to know them a bit before preaching at them , he would have discovered that they would want to ask him some questions about what he believed .
‘ be ready to answer … ’ probably if ‘ damnation derek ’ had bothered to talk to people and get to know them a bit before preaching at them , he would have [found out] that they would want to ask him some questions about what he believed .

The earliest sparkling wines were undoubtedly discovered by accident , probably by the trial and error methods employed by anguished winemakers ironically trying to avoid the nuisance of fizzy wines .
the earliest sparkling wines were undoubtedly [found out] by accident , probably by the trial and error methods employed by anguished winemakers ironically trying to avoid the nuisance of fizzy wines .

In a letter dated 25 October 1821 , Dom Grossard , the last cellarmaster of Hautvillers , informed Monsieur d'Herbes , the deputy mayor of Aÿ , that it was Dom Pérignon who had discovered the secret of making starbright white wines .
in a letter dated 25 october 1821 , dom grossard , the last cellarmaster of hautvillers , informed monsieur d'herbes , the deputy mayor of aÿ , that it was dom pérignon who had [found out] the secret of making starbright white wines .

However , as new viruses are being discovered all the time , no vine can be regarded as truly virus-free .
however , as new viruses are being [found out] all the time , no vine can be regarded as truly virus-free .

There was no way … no way at all she could prevent him being discovered .
there was no way … no way at all she could prevent him being [found out] .

The knot in her stomach tightened as she wondered how long it would be before the Cap ' n discovered where Midnight was hiding .
the knot in her stomach tightened as she wondered how long it would be before the cap ' n [found out] where midnight was hiding .

Executives have discovered that they achieve better results in the workplace if they fall in love with a colleague , according to an American report .
executives have [found out] that they achieve better results in the workplace if they fall in love with a colleague , according to an american report .

Lyn discovered the main culprit behind her lethargy was milk
lyn [found out] the main culprit behind her lethargy was milk

In writing the book Boyd discovered a bizarre range of animals .
in writing the book boyd [found out] a bizarre range of animals .

‘ And wrung their hands when patients died of simple infections because penicillin had n't been discovered , ’ teased Dominic .
‘ and wrung their hands when patients died of simple infections because penicillin had n't been [found out] , ’ teased dominic .

‘ We 've been taking statements all day , and have discovered certain — anomalies in yours which need sorting out .
‘ we 've been taking statements all day , and have [found out] certain — anomalies in yours which need sorting out .

Dr Mann , a leading American psychiatrist , has written : ‘ The church has failed me and most of my patients , because it has never discovered the secret of community fellowship .
dr mann , a leading american psychiatrist , has written : ‘ the church has failed me and most of my patients , because it has never [found out] the secret of community fellowship .

The couple met at a holiday camp and when Roy 's mum discovered the affair , she kicked him out .
the couple met at a holiday camp and when roy 's mum [found out] the affair , she kicked him out .

However , shared space approaches , as the Dutch have discovered , are very costly to apply to existing residential areas because they require the existing street surface to be almost entirely rebuilt .
however , shared space approaches , as the dutch have [found out] , are very costly to apply to existing residential areas because they require the existing street surface to be almost entirely rebuilt .

In his business dealings Edouard had discovered he had a talent for the circuitous approach ; he was beginning to derive great pleasure from deploying it .
in his business dealings edouard had [found out] he had a talent for the circuitous approach ; he was beginning to derive great pleasure from deploying it .

The last great designer de Chavigny had employed , Vlaçek , a Hungarian Jew trained in Russia in the Fabergé workrooms , had been discovered by Edouard 's father , and brought to de Chavigny to design the collection which launched his first American showrooms in 1912 .
the last great designer de chavigny had employed , vlaçek , a hungarian jew trained in russia in the fabergé workrooms , had been [found out] by edouard 's father , and brought to de chavigny to design the collection which launched his first american showrooms in 1912 .

He persisted , and discovered that the little boy was called Grégoire .
he persisted , and [found out] that the little boy was called grégoire .

He loved cars , Edouard quickly discovered that , and — since Edouard loved them , too — this became a shared pleasure .
he loved cars , edouard quickly [found out] that , and — since edouard loved them , too — this became a shared pleasure .

When they returned to Paris , however , he discovered that his relationship with Grégoire , so simple to him , was less simple to others .
when they returned to paris , however , he [found out] that his relationship with grégoire , so simple to him , was less simple to others .

The week after we moved in , we discovered she was pregnant .
the week after we moved in , we [found out] she was pregnant .

One thing we discovered was that it is much faster for the team to close up as soon as the game starts and just hold that position as close to the next person as possible .
one thing we [found out] was that it is much faster for the team to close up as soon as the game starts and just hold that position as close to the next person as possible .

Parents sampled the linguistic , mathematical , scientific and creative work which the children had done on the theme — and many discovered that activities which often look to be just fun can in fact be quite hard work .
parents sampled the linguistic , mathematical , scientific and creative work which the children had done on the theme — and many [found out] that activities which often look to be just fun can in fact be quite hard work .

Kedie was initially arrested on suspicion of supplying drugs when police discovered £2,000 in cash in his house .
kedie was initially arrested on suspicion of supplying drugs when police [found out] £2,000 in cash in his house .

And when a police officer went to examine the Nissan Cherry he discovered that it had two bald tyres .
and when a police officer went to examine the nissan cherry he [found out] that it had two bald tyres .

When we asked how this had been allowed to happen , we discovered that the children were expected to work their way through a maths text book ‘ at their own pace ’ with no specific instruction from the teacher .
when we asked how this had been allowed to happen , we [found out] that the children were expected to work their way through a maths text book ‘ at their own pace ’ with no specific instruction from the teacher .

Scientists at the University of East Anglia have discovered the cause of ‘ watermark disease ’ , which had threatened to destroy English willow trees .
scientists at the university of east anglia have [found out] the cause of ‘ watermark disease ’ , which had threatened to destroy english willow trees .

He got a hundred against Cambridge but has already discovered that sequels come hard .
he got a hundred against cambridge but has already [found out] that sequels come hard .

Similarly , the Alsager team has discovered that some of the quickest bowlers , like Allan Donald of Warwickshire and South Africa , tend towards a hyper-extended knee as the front foot hits the ground .
similarly , the alsager team has [found out] that some of the quickest bowlers , like allan donald of warwickshire and south africa , tend towards a hyper-extended knee as the front foot hits the ground .

Libation began in a vast library-living room , often the bottle a newly discovered chateau or domaine , gleefully introduced with the latest ripe tale .
libation began in a vast library-living room , often the bottle a newly [found out] chateau or domaine , gleefully introduced with the latest ripe tale .

Newman frowned as he recalled a snatch of conversation with Buchanan during a break in his interrogation at Southwold on the day Sandy 's body was discovered .
newman frowned as he recalled a snatch of conversation with buchanan during a break in his interrogation at southwold on the day sandy 's body was [found out] .

‘ Let's just say , Mr Newman , that in so many murder enquiries the culprit turns out to be the person who discovered the body . Goodbye , Mr Tweed … ’
‘ let's just say , mr newman , that in so many murder enquiries the culprit turns out to be the person who [found out] the body . goodbye , mr tweed … ’

The ‘ battered child syndrome ’ first discovered by Henry Kempe in 1962 referred to a clinical condition in young children , invariably under three , who had received serious physical abuse , usually from a parent , and was identified by the association of subdural haematoma ( a pooling of blood around the skull ) together with evidence of broken or healing long bones ( Kempe et al .
the ‘ battered child syndrome ’ first [found out] by henry kempe in 1962 referred to a clinical condition in young children , invariably under three , who had received serious physical abuse , usually from a parent , and was identified by the association of subdural haematoma ( a pooling of blood around the skull ) together with evidence of broken or healing long bones ( kempe et al .

This second army discovered the city already under attack by the Chaos hordes and attacked immediately .
this second army [found out] the city already under attack by the chaos hordes and attacked immediately .

They discovered the city already under attack by the Chaos Hordes and attacked immediately .
they [found out] the city already under attack by the chaos hordes and attacked immediately .

In the next few weeks no fewer than thirty-eight aircraft were discovered with fatigue cracks present in the stabiliser rear spar top chord .
in the next few weeks no fewer than thirty-eight aircraft were [found out] with fatigue cracks present in the stabiliser rear spar top chord .

Incidentally , it was many months before the whole truth was discovered and much proof was derived from the flight data recorder .
incidentally , it was many months before the whole truth was [found out] and much proof was derived from the flight data recorder .

To advocate a policy of anything less than unlimited release of all information as soon as the investigator has discovered it represents heresy to the media , giving rise to accusations of cover-up and officials being excessively secretive , while the legal profession are liable to take on a more aggressive attitude by suggesting incompetence and serving subpoenae requiring the compulsory production of evidence in court .
to advocate a policy of anything less than unlimited release of all information as soon as the investigator has [found out] it represents heresy to the media , giving rise to accusations of cover-up and officials being excessively secretive , while the legal profession are liable to take on a more aggressive attitude by suggesting incompetence and serving subpoenae requiring the compulsory production of evidence in court .

And in Israel , scientists have discovered a new way of producing an anti-clotting agent for use during surgery — simply by milking the ordinary leech .
and in israel , scientists have [found out] a new way of producing an anti-clotting agent for use during surgery — simply by milking the ordinary leech .

In writing the book Boyd discovered a bizarre range of animals .
in writing the book boyd [found out] a bizarre range of animals .

No fauna of pre-Chokierian age has yet been discovered , and it is possible that the early Namurian succession is condensed in the district .
no fauna of pre-chokierian age has yet been [found out] , and it is possible that the early namurian succession is condensed in the district .

We also discovered the richness and variety of our backgrounds and a growing understanding of our shared roots .
we also [found out] the richness and variety of our backgrounds and a growing understanding of our shared roots .

The frogs did as Sergeant advised , and discovered at the far end of the garden , near the brick wall , a fine shady place among a cluster of mossy rocks . ‘ Lookee here , Ferd , ’ chirped Polly ,
the frogs did as sergeant advised , and [found out] at the far end of the garden , near the brick wall , a fine shady place among a cluster of mossy rocks . ‘ lookee here , ferd , ’ chirped polly ,

Physical abuse was ‘ discovered ’ in the 1960s .
physical abuse was ‘ [found out] ’ in the 1960s .

Drugs squad officers in Wiltshire discovered another drug factory in the bedroom of a council house yesterday .
drugs squad officers in wiltshire [found out] another drug factory in the bedroom of a council house yesterday .

The fire was discovered at about 2.30 am on Saturday and was quickly brought under control by three fire crews from Manningtree and Colchester .
the fire was [found out] at about 2.30 am on saturday and was quickly brought under control by three fire crews from manningtree and colchester .

The Red Cross discovered them in Israeli custody in January 1992 and informed their families .
the red cross [found out] them in israeli custody in january 1992 and informed their families .

No matter what your skin 's present condition , Time Zone 's newly discovered emulsion system helps reprogramme your skin to better retain moisture like young skin .
no matter what your skin 's present condition , time zone 's newly [found out] emulsion system helps reprogramme your skin to better retain moisture like young skin .

Now they 've discovered something totally unique , Lyons Decaffeinated Tea .
now they 've [found out] something totally unique , lyons decaffeinated tea .

Here , India 's native tea bushes were first discovered growing wild in the jungle .
here , india 's native tea bushes were first [found out] growing wild in the jungle .

That was when Man discovered you could blow molten glass into a bubble at the end of a long metal pipe .
that was when man [found out] you could blow molten glass into a bubble at the end of a long metal pipe .

But now , almost fifty years later , we have discovered a new and more natural way to stay dry .
but now , almost fifty years later , we have [found out] a new and more natural way to stay dry .

As a final straw , on going to change Perdita discovered she 'd got the curse , which was invariably as bloody as Culloden on the first day .
as a final straw , on going to change perdita [found out] she 'd got the curse , which was invariably as bloody as culloden on the first day .

Unknowns are always discovered in the Copa de Republic .
unknowns are always [found out] in the copa de republic .

Little Tero whinnied hysterically when she discovered she was being left behind .
little tero whinnied hysterically when she [found out] she was being left behind .

As we have seen in the section on Education , Wordsworth grew up in a mathematical and scientific age , which still adhered to principles discovered in the seventeenth century .
as we have seen in the section on education , wordsworth grew up in a mathematical and scientific age , which still adhered to principles [found out] in the seventeenth century .

Coleridge tells us that after he ‘ had successively studied in the schools of Locke , Berkeley , Leibnitz , and Hartley and could find in none of them an abiding place for [ his ] reason ’ ( Biographia Literaria , ix ) he discovered in Germany the writings of ‘ the illustrious sage of Koenigsberg ’ : Immanuel Kant .
coleridge tells us that after he ‘ had successively studied in the schools of locke , berkeley , leibnitz , and hartley and could find in none of them an abiding place for [ his ] reason ’ ( biographia literaria , ix ) he [found out] in germany the writings of ‘ the illustrious sage of koenigsberg ’ : immanuel kant .

Wordsworth discovered and established those kinds of poetry which would best suit him ; it is in the German period that we travel to the furthest limits of the ‘ Wordsworthian ’ vision , in poems such as the ‘ Lucy ’ and ‘ Matthew ’ sequences , which are at one level blindingly clear , but in terms of prose exposition almost impossible to ‘ explain ' .
wordsworth [found out] and established those kinds of poetry which would best suit him ; it is in the german period that we travel to the furthest limits of the ‘ wordsworthian ’ vision , in poems such as the ‘ lucy ’ and ‘ matthew ’ sequences , which are at one level blindingly clear , but in terms of prose exposition almost impossible to ‘ explain ' .

One local paper , the Windsor Observer , discovered that almost all Alford 's official observers at the count were Tory party members ; and another , the Slough Express , photographed him after the count , enjoying a celebratory drink with the former Tory leader of Slough council .
one local paper , the windsor observer , [found out] that almost all alford 's official observers at the count were tory party members ; and another , the slough express , photographed him after the count , enjoying a celebratory drink with the former tory leader of slough council .

One of the odder aspects of the 1992 election was the anecdotal evidence from polling station officers who reported to the Market Research Society that many people tried to vote , but only discovered that they were not on the register when they got to the polling station .
one of the odder aspects of the 1992 election was the anecdotal evidence from polling station officers who reported to the market research society that many people tried to vote , but only [found out] that they were not on the register when they got to the polling station .

‘ It was afterwards discovered that the young Maltese soldier was on his first night as a sentry , with instructions to stop any passing car with his lamp and if the car did n't stop to fire his rifle over the top of it .
‘ it was afterwards [found out] that the young maltese soldier was on his first night as a sentry , with instructions to stop any passing car with his lamp and if the car did n't stop to fire his rifle over the top of it .

We discovered sweet Joe Stalin .
we [found out] sweet joe stalin .

Zach , Tom discovered , was a voluble , curly-haired boy a few months older than Willie , only taller and in bad need , so he thought , of a haircut .
zach , tom [found out] , was a voluble , curly-haired boy a few months older than willie , only taller and in bad need , so he thought , of a haircut .

He watched his dejected figure walk past him into the cottage and , after allowing a few minutes to elapse , followed him in and discovered him sitting at the table in the living room , his bag of apples and sandwich lying untouched .
he watched his dejected figure walk past him into the cottage and , after allowing a few minutes to elapse , followed him in and [found out] him sitting at the table in the living room , his bag of apples and sandwich lying untouched .

She soon discovered that he had a remarkable aptitude for learning words , especially if he liked them .
she soon [found out] that he had a remarkable aptitude for learning words , especially if he liked them .

’ and he soon discovered that if he spoke a line clearly and loudly he was n't noticed as much .
’ and he soon [found out] that if he spoke a line clearly and loudly he was n't noticed as much .

And while he was reared on metal and later discovered punk — but did n't necessarily subscribe to the attitudes for fear of losing individuality — he appreciates the blues .
and while he was reared on metal and later [found out] punk — but did n't necessarily subscribe to the attitudes for fear of losing individuality — he appreciates the blues .

Jennifer Kelsall : Discovered a basic ignorance among midwives about how deaf people communicate . Before her course she says ‘ my skills with deaf women were abysmal ’
jennifer kelsall : [found out] a basic ignorance among midwives about how deaf people communicate . before her course she says ‘ my skills with deaf women were abysmal ’

They discovered that , like tourists in a foreign country , deaf people may smile and appear to understand because they fear looking stupid .
they [found out] that , like tourists in a foreign country , deaf people may smile and appear to understand because they fear looking stupid .

Perhaps the greatest truth ever discovered is that we create our own reality .
perhaps the greatest truth ever [found out] is that we create our own reality .

Two months earlier , the agent had discovered , the place had been rented by a small group of supposed ‘ rustic freaks ’ who claimed they wanted to return to nature , live simply and create artefacts in pottery and basket-weaving .
two months earlier , the agent had [found out] , the place had been rented by a small group of supposed ‘ rustic freaks ’ who claimed they wanted to return to nature , live simply and create artefacts in pottery and basket-weaving .

He guessed , rightly , that the kidnappers did not want their hideout discovered — at least , not yet .
he guessed , rightly , that the kidnappers did not want their hideout [found out] — at least , not yet .

In how many constituencies was the ‘ mistake ’ not discovered ?
in how many constituencies was the ‘ mistake ’ not [found out] ?

The most basic principles of machine design , for example , were discovered by Renaissance and Baroque instrument makers , military engineers , and scientists .
the most basic principles of machine design , for example , were [found out] by renaissance and baroque instrument makers , military engineers , and scientists .

However , when the researchers reached the shop floor they discovered that robots were far too expensive for management to waste them on unskilled jobs .
however , when the researchers reached the shop floor they [found out] that robots were far too expensive for management to waste them on unskilled jobs .

The former study compared carefully matched samples of British , French , and German factories , and having held as constant as possible factors such as size of enterprise , technology , and the firm 's environment , discovered substantial differences in the way work was organised in the three countries , concluding that these could best be accounted for by features of each nation 's culture , and in particular its educational and occupational structures .
the former study compared carefully matched samples of british , french , and german factories , and having held as constant as possible factors such as size of enterprise , technology , and the firm 's environment , [found out] substantial differences in the way work was organised in the three countries , concluding that these could best be accounted for by features of each nation 's culture , and in particular its educational and occupational structures .

Caricaturing their findings somewhat , they discovered that West German firms had flatter , more widely based pyramids of management hierarchy than French firms , and that British firms tended to have forms of work organisation that were not pyramidal because there was extensive use of line and staff relationships .
caricaturing their findings somewhat , they [found out] that west german firms had flatter , more widely based pyramids of management hierarchy than french firms , and that british firms tended to have forms of work organisation that were not pyramidal because there was extensive use of line and staff relationships .

In the end the mother discovered the girl had one of her two inhalers .
in the end the mother [found out] the girl had one of her two inhalers .

After they were finally discovered to be there , the minister pleaded for them to be allowed to stay the night , and guaranteed they would be at the Children 's Panel Hearing in Kirkwall the next day .
after they were finally [found out] to be there , the minister pleaded for them to be allowed to stay the night , and guaranteed they would be at the children 's panel hearing in kirkwall the next day .

She had discovered that mixing them with whisky heightened their effect , and my beautiful , fiery Mother became a zombie .
she had [found out] that mixing them with whisky heightened their effect , and my beautiful , fiery mother became a zombie .

Discovered near the mouth of a pit in Coggleshall , eastern England , during the sixteenth century , according to Thomas Keightley in Fairy Mythology :
[found out] near the mouth of a pit in coggleshall , eastern england , during the sixteenth century , according to thomas keightley in fairy mythology :

( Errors in calculation have been made at times , but discovered only when the water began to flow and it was found that the levada went uphill . )
( errors in calculation have been made at times , but [found out] only when the water began to flow and it was found that the levada went uphill . )

She attended the English Church until Lowe was dismissed and then tactfully discovered she had her own chaplain and therefore did not need to attend either of the rival churches .
she attended the english church until lowe was dismissed and then tactfully [found out] she had her own chaplain and therefore did not need to attend either of the rival churches .

As this book demonstrates , shortage of manpower ( as women also discovered ) will work wonders where political agitation falls on deaf ears .
as this book demonstrates , shortage of manpower ( as women also [found out] ) will work wonders where political agitation falls on deaf ears .

Later , having made enough sets for all our lines , we discovered a ‘ quickie ’ alternative .
later , having made enough sets for all our lines , we [found out] a ‘ quickie ’ alternative .

1781 Uranus discovered .
1781 uranus [found out] .

The duels between these two groups were fought with knives which they carried in small scabbards on their belts , and it was only some time later that the rival school 's knockout tactics were discovered .
the duels between these two groups were fought with knives which they carried in small scabbards on their belts , and it was only some time later that the rival school 's knockout tactics were [found out] .

One thousand men could not enter and remain in the vicinity for any time without being discovered .
one thousand men could not enter and remain in the vicinity for any time without being [found out] .

The Steward 's group had presumably been discovered entering the semi-ruinous domestic quarters of kitchens , bakehouse , larders and so on , at that side .
the steward 's group had presumably been [found out] entering the semi-ruinous domestic quarters of kitchens , bakehouse , larders and so on , at that side .

Nevertheless the episode had shown the Government that it had no authority to ban newspapers published in Tanzania which were properly registered and also that it might have been in difficulty had it not discovered a technical irregularity in the case of Ulimwengu .
nevertheless the episode had shown the government that it had no authority to ban newspapers published in tanzania which were properly registered and also that it might have been in difficulty had it not [found out] a technical irregularity in the case of ulimwengu .

One feels that Nyerere was specifically addressing educated people like himself , who had come from different backgrounds , absorbed European culture and manners , discovered a common nationalist cause and gone through a political campaign successfully together , yet still knew relatively little about one another 's cultural traditions .
one feels that nyerere was specifically addressing educated people like himself , who had come from different backgrounds , absorbed european culture and manners , [found out] a common nationalist cause and gone through a political campaign successfully together , yet still knew relatively little about one another 's cultural traditions .

Marx 's particular claim was that the macro-historical laws which he had discovered were not just speculative but had a scientific status .
marx 's particular claim was that the macro-historical laws which he had [found out] were not just speculative but had a scientific status .

As Engels put it , ‘ Just as Darwin discovered the law of evolution in organic nature , so Marx discovered the law of evolution in human history ’ .
as engels put it , ‘ just as darwin [found out] the law of evolution in organic nature , so marx [found out] the law of evolution in human history ’ .

’ Marx 's major claim for his own work was that he had discovered certain inexorable laws which operated in history and which were comparable in their workings to laws operating in the physical universe such as the law of gravity .
’ marx 's major claim for his own work was that he had [found out] certain inexorable laws which operated in history and which were comparable in their workings to laws operating in the physical universe such as the law of gravity .

Three firms of hauliers — Lies , Sortrai and the English firm Spa — brought the video games overland to London , where it was discovered that cartons from each load were damaged .
three firms of hauliers — lies , sortrai and the english firm spa — brought the video games overland to london , where it was [found out] that cartons from each load were damaged .

She found out about the work and discovered that it needed understanding and patience and was very demanding ; speech therapists have to be effective communicators , with clear and accurate speech , a sensitive ear and a good command of written English .
she found out about the work and [found out] that it needed understanding and patience and was very demanding ; speech therapists have to be effective communicators , with clear and accurate speech , a sensitive ear and a good command of written english .

However , on a Dow-Stoker Returners programme she discovered that she had quite a strong numerical ability , and decided that she would like to work in an accounts department .
however , on a dow-stoker returners programme she [found out] that she had quite a strong numerical ability , and decided that she would like to work in an accounts department .

How will they use it ? In a study carried out of job interviews in America , it was discovered that most interviewers had made decisions about a candidate in the areas just mentioned within the first four minutes of the interview .
how will they use it ? in a study carried out of job interviews in america , it was [found out] that most interviewers had made decisions about a candidate in the areas just mentioned within the first four minutes of the interview .

Thus the farmer on whose land the first find was made discovered his land was being prospected only when he found the prospectors sampling streams on his land .
thus the farmer on whose land the first find was made [found out] his land was being prospected only when he found the prospectors sampling streams on his land .

When the mining companies discovered that they had a valuable find on their hands , they took de facto control of the land in the immediate vicinity .
when the mining companies [found out] that they had a valuable find on their hands , they took de facto control of the land in the immediate vicinity .

In 1982 Mrs Briscoe 's fields were covered in black powdery fallout which , when analysed by the Western Health Board , was discovered to contain 500 parts per million of lead .
in 1982 mrs briscoe 's fields were covered in black powdery fallout which , when analysed by the western health board , was [found out] to contain 500 parts per million of lead .

In 1984 Tara Prospecting discovered gold in Croagh Patrick , Co .
in 1984 tara prospecting [found out] gold in croagh patrick , co .

In June 1989 Burmin estimated the deposit it had discovered on Croagh Patrick might be worth a minimum of £30 million .
in june 1989 burmin estimated the deposit it had [found out] on croagh patrick might be worth a minimum of £30 million .

Other companies have also discovered gold .
other companies have also [found out] gold .

In ‘ The Homecoming of Beorhtnoth ’ Tídwald says reprovingly to Torhthelm — who has just discovered his master 's headless body :
in ‘ the homecoming of beorhtnoth ’ tídwald says reprovingly to torhthelm — who has just [found out] his master 's headless body :

They would has/e swum naked only Rufus 's father had discovered them doing this and made a fuss out of all proportion to the offence , if offence it was .
they would has/e swum naked only rufus 's father had [found out] them doing this and made a fuss out of all proportion to the offence , if offence it was .

The Rosses remained tied up over the weekend until discovered by their daily on Monday .
the rosses remained tied up over the weekend until [found out] by their daily on monday .

With the aid of one of those minute cameras with which specialists investigate physical disorders internally , they discovered that he was healing , and healing well .
with the aid of one of those minute cameras with which specialists investigate physical disorders internally , they [found out] that he was healing , and healing well .

Over the years these monastic institutions acquired a particular expertise in the embalming of bodies , an example of their handiwork being discovered in 1969 when the coffin of Archbishop Godfrey de Ludham ( d. 1265 ) was opened in York Minster .
over the years these monastic institutions acquired a particular expertise in the embalming of bodies , an example of their handiwork being [found out] in 1969 when the coffin of archbishop godfrey de ludham ( d. 1265 ) was opened in york minster .

To discover how these embalmed bodies were wrapped after the completion of the process we need to turn to the report of the examination of the ‘ mummy ’ of William Lyndewode , Bishop of St David 's ( d.1446 ) , discovered in 1852 during the reconstruction of St Stephen 's Chapel at the Palace of Westminster .
to discover how these embalmed bodies were wrapped after the completion of the process we need to turn to the report of the examination of the ‘ mummy ’ of william lyndewode , bishop of st david 's ( d.1446 ) , [found out] in 1852 during the reconstruction of st stephen 's chapel at the palace of westminster .

Led by this hint they opened the ground not far from the wall ; and not much more than a foot away from the surface they found a leaden envelope which they opened in two places , on the face and breast , and found it contained a human body wrapped in cerecloth : Upon removing what covered the face , they discovered the features , and particularly the eyes , in perfect preservation .
led by this hint they opened the ground not far from the wall ; and not much more than a foot away from the surface they found a leaden envelope which they opened in two places , on the face and breast , and found it contained a human body wrapped in cerecloth : upon removing what covered the face , they [found out] the features , and particularly the eyes , in perfect preservation .

Veneers appear in the 1880s although an eighteenth-century example was discovered during the 1983–4 excavations at St Augustine-the-Less , Bristol , but this might have been no more than an attempt on the part of the coffin-maker to mask some splits at the shoulder caused by over-zealous saw-cuts when kerfing .
veneers appear in the 1880s although an eighteenth-century example was [found out] during the 1983–4 excavations at st augustine-the-less , bristol , but this might have been no more than an attempt on the part of the coffin-maker to mask some splits at the shoulder caused by over-zealous saw-cuts when kerfing .

To date no such coffin has been discovered in Spite of their proliferation .
to date no such coffin has been [found out] in spite of their proliferation .

Cases of this type have been recorded in many vaults whilst another , of 1678 to Francis Osbaston , High Sheriff of Essex , was discovered in an earth-cut grave at Little Ilford , Essex , during excavations in 1984 prior to the site 's reordering .
cases of this type have been recorded in many vaults whilst another , of 1678 to francis osbaston , high sheriff of essex , was [found out] in an earth-cut grave at little ilford , essex , during excavations in 1984 prior to the site 's reordering .

Whilst coffins of this type were produced for vault and brick-lined shaft deposit they were also required for intramural earth-cut graves ; one such example from the 1820s was discovered during the excavations at St Mary 's Church , Little Ilford , Essex in 1984 .
whilst coffins of this type were produced for vault and brick-lined shaft deposit they were also required for intramural earth-cut graves ; one such example from the 1820s was [found out] during the excavations at st mary 's church , little ilford , essex in 1984 .

One survey discovered that 31 % of spot sufferers had blemishes for 3–5 years , and 14 % for more than 10 years .
one survey [found out] that 31 % of spot sufferers had blemishes for 3–5 years , and 14 % for more than 10 years .

Both underwent deep spiritual experience before they embarked on their public ministry , the Buddha in his night of illumination under the Bo tree when he discovered a way of escape for men from suffering , and the Christ in the forty days in the harsh countryside of the Dead Sea , when he was shown and accepted the way of love , sacrifice and service , as the way of salvation in the Kingdom of God .
both underwent deep spiritual experience before they embarked on their public ministry , the buddha in his night of illumination under the bo tree when he [found out] a way of escape for men from suffering , and the christ in the forty days in the harsh countryside of the dead sea , when he was shown and accepted the way of love , sacrifice and service , as the way of salvation in the kingdom of god .

In the morning , when Elisha 's young servant discovered the surrounding troops , he reported his alarm to his master , to be told , ‘ ’ Fear not , for those who are with us are more than those who are with them .
in the morning , when elisha 's young servant [found out] the surrounding troops , he reported his alarm to his master , to be told , ‘ ’ fear not , for those who are with us are more than those who are with them .

At Naba we were overtaken by the hospital train and discovered that their food supply had run out , so we handed over a whole case of sausages and one of tinned peaches .
at naba we were overtaken by the hospital train and [found out] that their food supply had run out , so we handed over a whole case of sausages and one of tinned peaches .

Quite probably you will have discovered that you put much more emphasis than we did on the immediate problem of trying to discover whether it was Chrissie or Fred who was telling the truth .
quite probably you will have [found out] that you put much more emphasis than we did on the immediate problem of trying to discover whether it was chrissie or fred who was telling the truth .

Analysing the figures , we have discovered that those outlets which offer cooked food have actually increased their sales of all beverages , including liquor , whereas those which either do not sell food or provide only snacks such as crisps and sandwiches have shown significant decreases in liquor sales .
analysing the figures , we have [found out] that those outlets which offer cooked food have actually increased their sales of all beverages , including liquor , whereas those which either do not sell food or provide only snacks such as crisps and sandwiches have shown significant decreases in liquor sales .

Sitting back and taking it all in is another former hip hop dancer , Moet Lo , who lost his Wall Street messenger job when his firm discovered his penchant for the five-finger discount at Polo stores .
sitting back and taking it all in is another former hip hop dancer , moet lo , who lost his wall street messenger job when his firm [found out] his penchant for the five-finger discount at polo stores .

What Adebayo had discovered was a brutally convincing British equivalent of the Seventies American ghetto thrillers written by the likes of Iceberg Slim and Donald Goines .
what adebayo had [found out] was a brutally convincing british equivalent of the seventies american ghetto thrillers written by the likes of iceberg slim and donald goines .

Milestone discovered that he did n't even have to yell ‘ Cut ’ because Brando would give the signal himself for the cameras to stop turning .
milestone [found out] that he did n't even have to yell ‘ cut ’ because brando would give the signal himself for the cameras to stop turning .

As Bruce Willis discovered the night he threw a party and the police turned up .
as bruce willis [found out] the night he threw a party and the police turned up .

After Lewis left Patti for SanDee Pitnick , the boys discovered that the bathroom also contained equipment for bugging the whole house : from within the bathroom , Jerry Lewis listened in on what his sons and wife were saying .
after lewis left patti for sandee pitnick , the boys [found out] that the bathroom also contained equipment for bugging the whole house : from within the bathroom , jerry lewis listened in on what his sons and wife were saying .

As the woman who discovered and consequently managed the karate kicking teen-idol , she told an amazing story which twenty-eight-year-old Macchio has emphatically denied .
as the woman who [found out] and consequently managed the karate kicking teen-idol , she told an amazing story which twenty-eight-year-old macchio has emphatically denied .

He was drafted into the army in 1942 , where he discovered that even in uniform everyone was not as equal as God had intended .
he was drafted into the army in 1942 , where he [found out] that even in uniform everyone was not as equal as god had intended .

But as the days passed , she discovered that there were plenty of people willing to console her .
but as the days passed , she [found out] that there were plenty of people willing to console her .

She felt sure that Freddie Nash was as in love with her as she was with him for there was hardly a day when they did not manage to meet , often in Jock Hallett 's cottage , where their mutual passion , already discovered at The Angel , seemed to intensify .
she felt sure that freddie nash was as in love with her as she was with him for there was hardly a day when they did not manage to meet , often in jock hallett 's cottage , where their mutual passion , already [found out] at the angel , seemed to intensify .

Through telephone enquiries he discovered that there were plenty of Carrows and Tremaynes in the county and not a few who were ex-directory .
through telephone enquiries he [found out] that there were plenty of carrows and tremaynes in the county and not a few who were ex-directory .

Her name was Gail Danski , a prim-looking chick , but not so prim when you got her into a dark corner , as he had once discovered when taking her home after a school dance .
her name was gail danski , a prim-looking chick , but not so prim when you got her into a dark corner , as he had once [found out] when taking her home after a school dance .

Perhaps it was fortunate that at that time he discovered girls , and a year later met the Dawsons , who always seemed to have time to stop and gossip with him .
perhaps it was fortunate that at that time he [found out] girls , and a year later met the dawsons , who always seemed to have time to stop and gossip with him .

From watching Isobel and her husband he had discovered that there was much more to sex than just taking a girl to bed or being uneasily married to a frigid , grasping woman .
from watching isobel and her husband he had [found out] that there was much more to sex than just taking a girl to bed or being uneasily married to a frigid , grasping woman .

None of them had as yet discovered a deep , rewarding love .
none of them had as yet [found out] a deep , rewarding love .

Mr Moore had recently discovered how lucrative preventive dentistry could be , and Mrs Moore was dressed accordingly .
mr moore had recently [found out] how lucrative preventive dentistry could be , and mrs moore was dressed accordingly .

In some respects Kerrier may have constituted an exception , yet although the mean of £4.4 per head may need scaling down to take account of the multitude of labourers discovered and roped in for the subsidy , upwards of seven-tenths of the assessments made in 1522 were at £2 — £4 .
in some respects kerrier may have constituted an exception , yet although the mean of £4.4 per head may need scaling down to take account of the multitude of labourers [found out] and roped in for the subsidy , upwards of seven-tenths of the assessments made in 1522 were at £2 — £4 .

Fortunately ( for us ) the commissioners of depopulation in 1517 discovered that Hygford 's father had enclosed 190 acres of arable land a few years earlier ; estimated to be worth £6 a year , this was probably all , or most , of what he owned there .
fortunately ( for us ) the commissioners of depopulation in 1517 [found out] that hygford 's father had enclosed 190 acres of arable land a few years earlier ; estimated to be worth £6 a year , this was probably all , or most , of what he owned there .

Comdex organisers had an independent survey done at the last mammoth fall show and discovered that 35 % of the attendees were interested in Unix .
comdex organisers had an independent survey done at the last mammoth fall show and [found out] that 35 % of the attendees were interested in unix .

When researchers want to understand what it is like to be , say , a Moonie , they can submit themselves to the sorts of conditions that a Moonie experiences — so far as these are social ; but the real Moonie can , quite legitimately , protest that if the researcher does not have a personal experience of God or actually know in their heart that it is the Unification Church which has discovered the best way to live , they can not really understand what it is like to be a Moonie .
when researchers want to understand what it is like to be , say , a moonie , they can submit themselves to the sorts of conditions that a moonie experiences — so far as these are social ; but the real moonie can , quite legitimately , protest that if the researcher does not have a personal experience of god or actually know in their heart that it is the unification church which has [found out] the best way to live , they can not really understand what it is like to be a moonie .

However , this view was not shared by Valerie Way , especially when she discovered that the head was not on the interviewing committee .
however , this view was not shared by valerie way , especially when she [found out] that the head was not on the interviewing committee .

‘ They 've done studies on the criminal classes in Paris , Sergeant , and have discovered a remarkable correlation between — ’
‘ they 've done studies on the criminal classes in paris , sergeant , and have [found out] a remarkable correlation between — ’

On the river 's northern bank a troop of black-uniformed Prussian Hussars shadowed the Red Lancers , and it was those Hussars who , rounding a bend in the Sambre Valley , discovered a party of French engineers floating a pontoon bridge off the southern bank .
on the river 's northern bank a troop of black-uniformed prussian hussars shadowed the red lancers , and it was those hussars who , rounding a bend in the sambre valley , [found out] a party of french engineers floating a pontoon bridge off the southern bank .

Sharpe told Ziegler what he knew , which merely confirmed what the Prussian Captain had already discovered for himself .
sharpe told ziegler what he knew , which merely confirmed what the prussian captain had already [found out] for himself .

In a way she was glad , for she feared Sharpe 's violence if he discovered Lord John Rossendale at the ball .
in a way she was glad , for she feared sharpe 's violence if he [found out] lord john rossendale at the ball .

On another occasion the master recorded that on entering the men 's yard , he discovered that Paine had newspapers concealed in his pocket :
on another occasion the master recorded that on entering the men 's yard , he [found out] that paine had newspapers concealed in his pocket :

It lies in the western shadows of Thunder Mountain , and was discovered by the Dwarfs who mined into it creating a labyrinth of tunnels , caverns and partially complete workings .
it lies in the western shadows of thunder mountain , and was [found out] by the dwarfs who mined into it creating a labyrinth of tunnels , caverns and partially complete workings .

Years later it is discovered that Grom reached the Elven Kingdoms of Ulthuan , causing great destruction until finally defeated by the High Elves .
years later it is [found out] that grom reached the elven kingdoms of ulthuan , causing great destruction until finally defeated by the high elves .

Second , the report highlights the inadequacy of the curriculum in the fourth and fifth years and as Galloway ( 1982 ) discovered this was the age at which suspension rates accelerated .
second , the report highlights the inadequacy of the curriculum in the fourth and fifth years and as galloway ( 1982 ) [found out] this was the age at which suspension rates accelerated .

But Gilligan discovered that girls made more relationship-oriented statements , and seemed more concerned with caring and non-violence , than boys .
but gilligan [found out] that girls made more relationship-oriented statements , and seemed more concerned with caring and non-violence , than boys .

Covered with a tarpaulin and mud , supported by thin steel stresses , it could only be discovered by someone actually walking on it .
covered with a tarpaulin and mud , supported by thin steel stresses , it could only be [found out] by someone actually walking on it .

It was all that the police could find , from a caretaker 's wife , after Louise was discovered , naked and handcuffed , in the Alexander Palace on the north side of Pushkin .
it was all that the police could find , from a caretaker 's wife , after louise was [found out] , naked and handcuffed , in the alexander palace on the north side of pushkin .

The Pushkin police officers had intended to take her to St Petersburg police station when they discovered she was a foreigner .
the pushkin police officers had intended to take her to st petersburg police station when they [found out] she was a foreigner .

He had been surprised that they had discovered the Catherine Palace hideaway .
he had been surprised that they had [found out] the catherine palace hideaway .

The social scientist must conduct a fair and balanced enquiry , not allowing personal or political values to affect what is discovered and reported .
the social scientist must conduct a fair and balanced enquiry , not allowing personal or political values to affect what is [found out] and reported .

They assume that the natural world has an independent existence of its own , which is as it is regardless of those who are studying it , and which is governed by laws which can be discovered by the research scientist if only the right methods can be developed .
they assume that the natural world has an independent existence of its own , which is as it is regardless of those who are studying it , and which is governed by laws which can be [found out] by the research scientist if only the right methods can be developed .

The knowledge that is discovered using these methods is regarded as objective and factual , i.e .
the knowledge that is [found out] using these methods is regarded as objective and factual , i.e .

Even when crimes are discovered and reported , they are not always recorded .
even when crimes are [found out] and reported , they are not always recorded .

Peter had discovered that his five villages would not like him to have a working wife .
peter had [found out] that his five villages would not like him to have a working wife .

She discovered that she had no intention of making Sister Ignatia 's offer plain to Peter , and no intention of giving up Pricewell 's .
she [found out] that she had no intention of making sister ignatia 's offer plain to peter , and no intention of giving up pricewell 's .

These officials also soon discovered that direct approaches to rival firms for executives could be embarrassing , especially when they were turned down .
these officials also soon [found out] that direct approaches to rival firms for executives could be embarrassing , especially when they were turned down .

When applied to the newly discovered cytochrome oxidase blobs in the visual cortex of primates the correlational approach is quite revealing .
when applied to the newly [found out] cytochrome oxidase blobs in the visual cortex of primates the correlational approach is quite revealing .

Nevertheless , however blurred the lines between them , two roughly defined but distinct models of society can be discovered in Europe before 1914 .
nevertheless , however blurred the lines between them , two roughly defined but distinct models of society can be [found out] in europe before 1914 .

The faience plaques Evans discovered in the East Wing of the Knossos Labyrinth probably originally fitted together , jigsaw-fashion , to make a picture of a complete town ; it may have been a town under attack from invaders , like the town shown on the silver Siege Rhyton found at Mycenae .
the faience plaques evans [found out] in the east wing of the knossos labyrinth probably originally fitted together , jigsaw-fashion , to make a picture of a complete town ; it may have been a town under attack from invaders , like the town shown on the silver siege rhyton found at mycenae .

At this point the Minoan road reaches a crossroads ; the Royal Road continues ( underground now ) westwards past the south fronts of the Bull 's Head Sanctuary and Unexplored Mansion and past more Minoan houses , including the House of the Sacrificed Children , discovered by Peter Warren in 1979 .
at this point the minoan road reaches a crossroads ; the royal road continues ( underground now ) westwards past the south fronts of the bull 's head sanctuary and unexplored mansion and past more minoan houses , including the house of the sacrificed children , [found out] by peter warren in 1979 .

It is to be hoped that a longer , sequential text will eventually be discovered : a piece of poetry or prose would test the hypothesis conclusively .
it is to be hoped that a longer , sequential text will eventually be [found out] : a piece of poetry or prose would test the hypothesis conclusively .

The stone chair in the Throne Sanctuary at Knossos seems to imitate a wooden precursor ; the frescoes show folding wooden stools with cushions , such as were used in ancient Egypt ; there is indirect evidence , in inlay work and bronze hinges , of storage chests , cabinets and chairs ; presumably there were also low wooden beds of the same type inferred from a cast discovered at Akrotiri on Thera .
the stone chair in the throne sanctuary at knossos seems to imitate a wooden precursor ; the frescoes show folding wooden stools with cushions , such as were used in ancient egypt ; there is indirect evidence , in inlay work and bronze hinges , of storage chests , cabinets and chairs ; presumably there were also low wooden beds of the same type inferred from a cast [found out] at akrotiri on thera .

Not far from Heraklion , at Agia Pelagia , the remains of a Minoan settlement were discovered in the 1970s on the edge of a low cliff on the west side of the bay .
not far from heraklion , at agia pelagia , the remains of a minoan settlement were [found out] in the 1970s on the edge of a low cliff on the west side of the bay .

It seems likely , therefore , that the newly discovered Minoan harbour town at Agia Pelagia was the ‘ Kytaiton ’ mentioned in the archive tablets at Knossos .
it seems likely , therefore , that the newly [found out] minoan harbour town at agia pelagia was the ‘ kytaiton ’ mentioned in the archive tablets at knossos .

We can acquiesce in this thought experiment only because we implicitly assume that enough behavioural complexity will be discovered for us to regard tribe members as having beliefs and intentions , even if , ex hypothesi , their very simple language does not permit them to express these beliefs and intentions .
we can acquiesce in this thought experiment only because we implicitly assume that enough behavioural complexity will be [found out] for us to regard tribe members as having beliefs and intentions , even if , ex hypothesi , their very simple language does not permit them to express these beliefs and intentions .

We simply do not yet know enough about the capacity of learning strategies that have been discovered or perhaps remain to be discovered .
we simply do not yet know enough about the capacity of learning strategies that have been [found out] or perhaps remain to be [found out] .

The answers to these questions are discovered from the diagram ( given certain simple diagrammatic transformations carried out by the system , which are structurally analogous to changes that would happen in the real world ) , rather than being computed in terms of abstract mathematical equations and specific numerical values .
the answers to these questions are [found out] from the diagram ( given certain simple diagrammatic transformations carried out by the system , which are structurally analogous to changes that would happen in the real world ) , rather than being computed in terms of abstract mathematical equations and specific numerical values .

We have discovered a connection , they will say , on the basis of which we can predict .
we have [found out] a connection , they will say , on the basis of which we can predict .

One of the first examples to be discovered in animals was the opening of milk bottles in Britain by great tits , blue tits and coal tits .
one of the first examples to be [found out] in animals was the opening of milk bottles in britain by great tits , blue tits and coal tits .

‘ Hmm , ’ said the Governor , ‘ but why ? What have you discovered ? ’
‘ hmm , ’ said the governor , ‘ but why ? what have you [found out] ? ’

If animals , particularly mature birds and the higher mammals , are taken as possessing more or less the full range of human capacities , with the exception perhaps of moral agency , and if the only dissimilarity is that the capacities are manifested in more limited ways , then there will be an almost irresistible temptation to give them moral status approaching that of recently discovered Stone Age tribes such as the Dani of Irian Jaya .
if animals , particularly mature birds and the higher mammals , are taken as possessing more or less the full range of human capacities , with the exception perhaps of moral agency , and if the only dissimilarity is that the capacities are manifested in more limited ways , then there will be an almost irresistible temptation to give them moral status approaching that of recently [found out] stone age tribes such as the dani of irian jaya .

We discovered that some had already found their way through our boots and were making a tasty meal out of our feet .
we [found out] that some had already found their way through our boots and were making a tasty meal out of our feet .

So what have you discovered about your own story in relation to your experience of conflict ?
so what have you [found out] about your own story in relation to your experience of conflict ?

If you have n't yet discovered anything of particular significance ( as long as you are sure you have been thorough and answered the questions honestly ) , do n't worry .
if you have n't yet [found out] anything of particular significance ( as long as you are sure you have been thorough and answered the questions honestly ) , do n't worry .

Dwell for a few moments on these words of Paul , and when you have a moment of quiet use the prayer that follows , either in your own words or as it stands , as a way of bringing to God your thoughts and feelings both on what you have discovered through these pages , and any particular concerns you may have at this present moment .
dwell for a few moments on these words of paul , and when you have a moment of quiet use the prayer that follows , either in your own words or as it stands , as a way of bringing to god your thoughts and feelings both on what you have [found out] through these pages , and any particular concerns you may have at this present moment .

As we have discovered , to speak falsehood means to suppress feelings as well as truth .
as we have [found out] , to speak falsehood means to suppress feelings as well as truth .

In all this , we 've discovered a definite link between what has made us what we are and the unsettling elements which we now bring as responses or even confrontations when conflict arises .
in all this , we 've [found out] a definite link between what has made us what we are and the unsettling elements which we now bring as responses or even confrontations when conflict arises .

As we have already discovered , many of the problems we face are related to the way we see things , our world view .
as we have already [found out] , many of the problems we face are related to the way we see things , our world view .

He must have known the looks of bewilderment , horror and disbelief that he would receive from some , and even the militant hostility that might await him when his visit to the Gentile , Cornelius , was discovered .
he must have known the looks of bewilderment , horror and disbelief that he would receive from some , and even the militant hostility that might await him when his visit to the gentile , cornelius , was [found out] .

After you have had time to think over John 's words in relation to yourself , use this prayer to help you deal with any of the negative attitudes and prejudices you have discovered within yourself in this chapter .
after you have had time to think over john 's words in relation to yourself , use this prayer to help you deal with any of the negative attitudes and prejudices you have [found out] within yourself in this chapter .

As we discovered in Part One , many of the initiators of conflict in later life are learned and impressed upon us at this vital period .
as we [found out] in part one , many of the initiators of conflict in later life are learned and impressed upon us at this vital period .

Many people who seek professional help for problems of depression , anxiety , stress , relationship difficulties and related issues have discovered the importance of problems they have experienced in connection with their parents .
many people who seek professional help for problems of depression , anxiety , stress , relationship difficulties and related issues have [found out] the importance of problems they have experienced in connection with their parents .

Climbing grades can often conceal the true character of a route , as Dave Cook has discovered down the years
climbing grades can often conceal the true character of a route , as dave cook has [found out] down the years

Sorry , then , for those gallons of petrol fruitlessly spent in such a barren zone . And also to those innocent victims of this jape who might even have put their cars in for the test and discovered the garage is no longer the soft option it was once reputed to be !
sorry , then , for those gallons of petrol fruitlessly spent in such a barren zone . and also to those innocent victims of this jape who might even have put their cars in for the test and [found out] the garage is no longer the soft option it was once reputed to be !

Although we thought at first that this was a saw intended for only a serious builder , we discovered that it also earned its keep doing fairly mundane cutting jobs that would normally be done by hand .
although we thought at first that this was a saw intended for only a serious builder , we [found out] that it also earned its keep doing fairly mundane cutting jobs that would normally be done by hand .

We unfortunately discovered , when using sanding sealer , that its solvent base was quite effective at removing both the finish of the bench top , and the black markings underneath .
we unfortunately [found out] , when using sanding sealer , that its solvent base was quite effective at removing both the finish of the bench top , and the black markings underneath .

On looking more closely , we discovered that in one corner of the house , where the Electricity Authority had been carrying out some repair work , the pipe insulation had n't been replaced .
on looking more closely , we [found out] that in one corner of the house , where the electricity authority had been carrying out some repair work , the pipe insulation had n't been replaced .

The so-called ‘ fifth modernisation ’ , democratisation , appeared to be on the agenda , but groups of student activists soon discovered that this was fraught with difficulty and contradiction .
the so-called ‘ fifth modernisation ’ , democratisation , appeared to be on the agenda , but groups of student activists soon [found out] that this was fraught with difficulty and contradiction .

At the end of the week she discovered he worked for an average of 1 minute at a time .
at the end of the week she [found out] he worked for an average of 1 minute at a time .

At the end of one week she discovered that he rocked , on average , for 45 minutes at a time .
at the end of one week she [found out] that he rocked , on average , for 45 minutes at a time .

It was back home they discovered the truth .
it was back home they [found out] the truth .

Then Radio One discovered the song , and soon the nation was full of people declaring their over-sexiness for anything they could think of .
then radio one [found out] the song , and soon the nation was full of people declaring their over-sexiness for anything they could think of .

While the rest of the Mondays had , for the first time in their lives , thrown themselves with abandon into their work and discovered a new passion for playing , Shaun just could n't match up .
while the rest of the mondays had , for the first time in their lives , thrown themselves with abandon into their work and [found out] a new passion for playing , shaun just could n't match up .

In simply giving voice to the fears of aging that our society makes sure women have , Joan Rivers has discovered a rich vein of comedy .
in simply giving voice to the fears of aging that our society makes sure women have , joan rivers has [found out] a rich vein of comedy .

Take one or more of the elements of humour you discovered in yourself and use them to write a funny story .
take one or more of the elements of humour you [found out] in yourself and use them to write a funny story .

If she had not done so , her work might never have been discovered by American readers .
if she had not done so , her work might never have been [found out] by american readers .

Instead , by the age of 15 , he was wasting his money endlessly playing computer games , until one day he discovered the Yellow Magic Orchestra , and then Kraftwerk , and then Asian music and various ethnic musics ( ‘ Sounded like techno to me , ’ he mutters ) .
instead , by the age of 15 , he was wasting his money endlessly playing computer games , until one day he [found out] the yellow magic orchestra , and then kraftwerk , and then asian music and various ethnic musics ( ‘ sounded like techno to me , ’ he mutters ) .

One is whether binary oppositions exist in language to be discovered , or whether they are constructed as a convenient method of analysing language .
one is whether binary oppositions exist in language to be [found out] , or whether they are constructed as a convenient method of analysing language .

When the various coats of paint were stripped off , Dick and his crew discovered that there was very little airframe corrosion externally or internally , and the fact that the airframe was out of reach of the public meant that the fairings and the skins were n't dented at all .
when the various coats of paint were stripped off , dick and his crew [found out] that there was very little airframe corrosion externally or internally , and the fact that the airframe was out of reach of the public meant that the fairings and the skins were n't dented at all .

When the pistons were withdrawn it was discovered that two of the rings were broken .
when the pistons were withdrawn it was [found out] that two of the rings were broken .

She has since discovered that owner Pauline and her colleague Sue are both very knowledgeable and extremely helpful in spite of the fact that Tessa had obviously bought her machine elsewhere .
she has since [found out] that owner pauline and her colleague sue are both very knowledgeable and extremely helpful in spite of the fact that tessa had obviously bought her machine elsewhere .

The radios and transmitter of one firm were seized after it was discovered its cars were operating without a Department of Transport licence , and officers uncovered a total of 56 traffic offences .
the radios and transmitter of one firm were seized after it was [found out] its cars were operating without a department of transport licence , and officers uncovered a total of 56 traffic offences .

Other shock cases include Hector MacNeal , an underwriter from London , who discovered that he had been accidentally withdrawing cash from someone else 's account .
other shock cases include hector macneal , an underwriter from london , who [found out] that he had been accidentally withdrawing cash from someone else 's account .

But when the bridal pair returned home to Grantham , Lincs , from their Kenya honeymoon , they discovered that Angela 's parents had not parted with a penny .
but when the bridal pair returned home to grantham , lincs , from their kenya honeymoon , they [found out] that angela 's parents had not parted with a penny .

Her body was discovered by her boyfriend at her home in Swiss Cottage , north west London , and it is believed she died during the night .
her body was [found out] by her boyfriend at her home in swiss cottage , north west london , and it is believed she died during the night .

Laura Lonsdale , who is also one of Princess Diana 's occasional Ladies-in-Waiting and a former flatmate , discovered her only son Louis , aged 11 months , had died on Tuesday morning at her country home in Kinston Lisle , near Wantage .
laura lonsdale , who is also one of princess diana 's occasional ladies-in-waiting and a former flatmate , [found out] her only son louis , aged 11 months , had died on tuesday morning at her country home in kinston lisle , near wantage .

She is believed to have discovered his body when she walked into his bedroom at around 7.30am as usual .
she is believed to have [found out] his body when she walked into his bedroom at around 7.30am as usual .

Mother-of-two Elaine Friend 's patience snapped when she discovered her husband 's affair with a housing officer in Gosport , Hants .
mother-of-two elaine friend 's patience snapped when she [found out] her husband 's affair with a housing officer in gosport , hants .

When the Princess discovered what was going on she had one terse meeting with her husband and told him : ‘ Why do n't you save yourself a phone call and ring the papers direct ? ’
when the princess [found out] what was going on she had one terse meeting with her husband and told him : ‘ why do n't you save yourself a phone call and ring the papers direct ? ’

Residents saw a number of men walk towards Rovers ' Twerton Park ground in Bath just before the fire was discovered , Winchester Crown Court heard .
residents saw a number of men walk towards rovers ' twerton park ground in bath just before the fire was [found out] , winchester crown court heard .

Soda the Norfolk terrier was discovered by joggers in the colony 's Aberdeen Country Park .
soda the norfolk terrier was [found out] by joggers in the colony 's aberdeen country park .

The figures were revealed in a major survey which also discovered that just one in 10 homes now consists of the traditional image of mum and dad and two children .
the figures were revealed in a major survey which also [found out] that just one in 10 homes now consists of the traditional image of mum and dad and two children .

When the danger was discovered they were re-exported to Finland .
when the danger was [found out] they were re-exported to finland .

When he was eventually discovered 50 shoppers and staff were evacuated while firemen stopped the leak .
when he was eventually [found out] 50 shoppers and staff were evacuated while firemen stopped the leak .

He discovered loose rivets and serious fretting which had occurred between the main beam and the first three crossbeams on the right-hand side only .
he [found out] loose rivets and serious fretting which had occurred between the main beam and the first three crossbeams on the right-hand side only .

Mrs Ross tells me that she later discovered that several years earlier near Paisley signal box two trains had collided with loss of life .
mrs ross tells me that she later [found out] that several years earlier near paisley signal box two trains had collided with loss of life .

Each character is musically differentiated : the countess has two magnificently melancholic arias in which she laments the loss of her husband 's affection ; the count is portrayed as arrogant , cynical and menacing ; Figaro and Susanna are quick-witted , likeable , scheming and intelligent , able to give as good as they get , but both capable as well of jealousy and emotional suffering ; Cherubino is a confused adolescent who has just discovered sex but does n't know what to do with it .
each character is musically differentiated : the countess has two magnificently melancholic arias in which she laments the loss of her husband 's affection ; the count is portrayed as arrogant , cynical and menacing ; figaro and susanna are quick-witted , likeable , scheming and intelligent , able to give as good as they get , but both capable as well of jealousy and emotional suffering ; cherubino is a confused adolescent who has just [found out] sex but does n't know what to do with it .

Mozart was buried in the customary way in an unmarked mass grave , and its exact location has never been discovered .
mozart was buried in the customary way in an unmarked mass grave , and its exact location has never been [found out] .

About 10 years after his death , in 1838 , the score was discovered in the castle archives , and sold to the imperial court library .
about 10 years after his death , in 1838 , the score was [found out] in the castle archives , and sold to the imperial court library .

But then Meredith discovered that the way to get Harriet relaxed and talking was to introduce the topic of animals .
but then meredith [found out] that the way to get harriet relaxed and talking was to introduce the topic of animals .

Room temperature fusion has been discovered independently and simultaneously by two groups in Utah working within a few miles of each other .
room temperature fusion has been [found out] independently and simultaneously by two groups in utah working within a few miles of each other .

Ernest Rutherford had discovered the existence of the atomic nucleus in 1911 and this reinforced the vague idea : bring nuclei of light elements together and build the nuclei of heavy ones .
ernest rutherford had [found out] the existence of the atomic nucleus in 1911 and this reinforced the vague idea : bring nuclei of light elements together and build the nuclei of heavy ones .

His moment of real glory came in 1932 when he discovered the neutron — a constituent of atomic nuclei that is the missing link in this story and will be both star and villain in later chapters .
his moment of real glory came in 1932 when he [found out] the neutron — a constituent of atomic nuclei that is the missing link in this story and will be both star and villain in later chapters .

It is ‘ hydrogen ’ because there is only one proton and ‘ heavy ’ because it has twice the bulk of the usual variety , and was discovered by Harold Urey in 1931 , a year before Chadwick proved the existence of the isolated neutron .
it is ‘ hydrogen ’ because there is only one proton and ‘ heavy ’ because it has twice the bulk of the usual variety , and was [found out] by harold urey in 1931 , a year before chadwick proved the existence of the isolated neutron .

In the 1920s a team of British geologists discovered hot springs while surveying northern India and the seismic faults around the Himalayas .
in the 1920s a team of british geologists [found out] hot springs while surveying northern india and the seismic faults around the himalayas .

The occasional and unfortunate accidents have been due to inadequate safety procedures , not to lack of understanding of the basic nuclear processes ; had there been some previously unknown nuclear process taking place at room temperature in solid materials and that had been somehow overlooked , then it is likely that we would have discovered this long ago in some reactor .
the occasional and unfortunate accidents have been due to inadequate safety procedures , not to lack of understanding of the basic nuclear processes ; had there been some previously unknown nuclear process taking place at room temperature in solid materials and that had been somehow overlooked , then it is likely that we would have [found out] this long ago in some reactor .

One of the basic principles behind these attempts to achieve thermonuclear fusion in tokamaks was discovered inadvertently and in an unrelated context as long ago as 1905 .
one of the basic principles behind these attempts to achieve thermonuclear fusion in tokamaks was [found out] inadvertently and in an unrelated context as long ago as 1905 .

In the 1970s it was only a curiosity but around 1980 it had a renaissance when people discovered that in certain complicated molecules , involving both deuterium and tritium , the presence of a muon caused fusion to occur much faster than had been previously thought possible .
in the 1970s it was only a curiosity but around 1980 it had a renaissance when people [found out] that in certain complicated molecules , involving both deuterium and tritium , the presence of a muon caused fusion to occur much faster than had been previously thought possible .

Then they discovered that Richter had tried to enhance the energy at the centre of his reactor by supplementing the sparks with acoustic energy .
then they [found out] that richter had tried to enhance the energy at the centre of his reactor by supplementing the sparks with acoustic energy .

At first he thought that he had discovered a new particle , but then an astrophysicist friend of one of Alvarez 's colleagues recognised that it had the characteristics of proton-deuteron fusion — pd fusion-catalysed by a muon .
at first he thought that he had [found out] a new particle , but then an astrophysicist friend of one of alvarez 's colleagues recognised that it had the characteristics of proton-deuteron fusion — pd fusion-catalysed by a muon .

They discovered that the rate of muon catalysed fusions grew as the temperature and pressure increased .
they [found out] that the rate of muon catalysed fusions grew as the temperature and pressure increased .

He had already begun to wonder if fusion could be responsible for the helium production when he discovered the Soviet paper on helium in metals — the same paper that the Indians had read .
he had already begun to wonder if fusion could be responsible for the helium production when he [found out] the soviet paper on helium in metals — the same paper that the indians had read .

For nearly two weeks they used very low currents , about 0.05 amps , and discovered that the cell cooled down more than expected .
for nearly two weeks they used very low currents , about 0.05 amps , and [found out] that the cell cooled down more than expected .

After checking this balancing they increased the current further to three times the starting value , and discovered an excess heat output of ten per cent over and above what they could account for going in .
after checking this balancing they increased the current further to three times the starting value , and [found out] an excess heat output of ten per cent over and above what they could account for going in .

Having discovered all this at life 's two-furlong pole , Piggott is not about to let some doctor tell him that he wo n't finish the race — especially not an American doctor .
having [found out] all this at life 's two-furlong pole , piggott is not about to let some doctor tell him that he wo n't finish the race — especially not an american doctor .

There was a bonus for the Everton boss in that he seems to have discovered the creative midfield force he has been lacking , and it is a player he signed during his first spell at the club five-and-a-half years ago .
there was a bonus for the everton boss in that he seems to have [found out] the creative midfield force he has been lacking , and it is a player he signed during his first spell at the club five-and-a-half years ago .

Last year trainer Liz Redpath discovered a tennis-ball size lump on Spot 's left shoulder .
last year trainer liz redpath [found out] a tennis-ball size lump on spot 's left shoulder .

Sharpe discovered that before his long absences through injury and illness ; Giggs has been finding out this year .
sharpe [found out] that before his long absences through injury and illness ; giggs has been finding out this year .

Craig Hignett agreed a £500,000 move to Middlesbrough from Crewe , the club that also discovered Platt .
craig hignett agreed a £500,000 move to middlesbrough from crewe , the club that also [found out] platt .

‘ Young players have discovered one or two things already .
‘ young players have [found out] one or two things already .

However , the runner-up may have been an unlucky loser as it was later discovered that he had raced with a injured heel .
however , the runner-up may have been an unlucky loser as it was later [found out] that he had raced with a injured heel .

And Nader Nadirpur , Ashi discovered to her delight , was not .
and nader nadirpur , ashi [found out] to her delight , was not .

And it was there that Lennox 's talent was discovered .
and it was there that lennox 's talent was [found out] .

Yet according to Electrolux , many harassed mothers have discovered that the vacuum produces a sound similar to that which a baby hears in the womb , which sends them to sleep .
yet according to electrolux , many harassed mothers have [found out] that the vacuum produces a sound similar to that which a baby hears in the womb , which sends them to sleep .

So we set out to find the truth behind the mystery — and discovered a woman who forged a dazzling career with precision and determination .
so we set out to find the truth behind the mystery — and [found out] a woman who forged a dazzling career with precision and determination .

If this sounds familiar , you have probably already discovered the Isle of Man .
if this sounds familiar , you have probably already [found out] the isle of man .

He has since discovered 60 others and is convinced there are many more .
he has since [found out] 60 others and is convinced there are many more .

The doctor also discovered Stephen Wiltshire , famous for his intricately detailed drawings of buildings which he produces within minutes .
the doctor also [found out] stephen wiltshire , famous for his intricately detailed drawings of buildings which he produces within minutes .

Grapefruit were discovered in the 18th Century .
grapefruit were [found out] in the 18th century .

And when Charles discovered that she too enjoyed painting watercolours they grew even closer .
and when charles [found out] that she too enjoyed painting watercolours they grew even closer .

When she discovered that he had called her repeatedly on a mobile phone she flew into a rage .
when she [found out] that he had called her repeatedly on a mobile phone she flew into a rage .

Connery is a pony-tailed scientist Dr Robert Campbell who , aided by an elaborate rope and harness system , is collecting a rare plant which , he has discovered , contains a substance that can combat cancer .
connery is a pony-tailed scientist dr robert campbell who , aided by an elaborate rope and harness system , is collecting a rare plant which , he has [found out] , contains a substance that can combat cancer .

So whilst self-understanding is the vital ingredient of the counselling process , and whereas individuals might have developed significant insights into their own social performance , what individuals decide to do with these newly discovered insights is also of vital importance .
so whilst self-understanding is the vital ingredient of the counselling process , and whereas individuals might have developed significant insights into their own social performance , what individuals decide to do with these newly [found out] insights is also of vital importance .

Further from common domestic experience , medicine had not discovered penicillin or antibiotics , and social and health insurance was an item of political discussion rather than practical reality .
further from common domestic experience , medicine had not [found out] penicillin or antibiotics , and social and health insurance was an item of political discussion rather than practical reality .

He discovered that many studies had found small but statistically significant correlations between life events which had forced individuals to alter their life-style , such as bereavement , loss of job , etc .
he [found out] that many studies had found small but statistically significant correlations between life events which had forced individuals to alter their life-style , such as bereavement , loss of job , etc .

On the same day she discovered the Italian willingness to make love anywhere .
on the same day she [found out] the italian willingness to make love anywhere .

The path was narrow and rough with tussocky grass and she trod carefully , eyes straining ahead to where the path ended abruptly at the outer limits of the aerodrome , blocked by a high steel-mesh fence — a cruel fence to keep lovers apart — and no one else had discovered the break in it through which Rob always came .
the path was narrow and rough with tussocky grass and she trod carefully , eyes straining ahead to where the path ended abruptly at the outer limits of the aerodrome , blocked by a high steel-mesh fence — a cruel fence to keep lovers apart — and no one else had [found out] the break in it through which rob always came .

It had started when they discovered she was meeting Rob , and they had asked for her promise that she would never see him again .
it had started when they [found out] she was meeting rob , and they had asked for her promise that she would never see him again .

This was discovered in about 1840 by the French astronomer Urbain Leverrier ( 1811–77 ) .
this was [found out] in about 1840 by the french astronomer urbain leverrier ( 1811–77 ) .

For example , if no one has yet discovered the principle of the lens , it is difficult to invent the telescope ; if you want to erect an astronomical observatory , therefore , you have to do your best with the current technology — in other words , build Stonehenge or some similar megalithic monument .
for example , if no one has yet [found out] the principle of the lens , it is difficult to invent the telescope ; if you want to erect an astronomical observatory , therefore , you have to do your best with the current technology — in other words , build stonehenge or some similar megalithic monument .

Nevertheless , a 15 m ( 50 ft ) animal is no mean beast ; moreover , because of the way that the earliest known whales so closely resemble modern ones , we have to assume that their ancestry stretched back some way , even though no relevant fossils have yet been discovered .
nevertheless , a 15 m ( 50 ft ) animal is no mean beast ; moreover , because of the way that the earliest known whales so closely resemble modern ones , we have to assume that their ancestry stretched back some way , even though no relevant fossils have yet been [found out] .

The small , hot and compact companion of Sirius was discovered in 1915 — the first real investigation of the Dogon did not take place until at least the 1930s and 1940s .
the small , hot and compact companion of sirius was [found out] in 1915 — the first real investigation of the dogon did not take place until at least the 1930s and 1940s .

He visited various Indian or Tibetan ( there is some confusion here ) monasteries and discovered a host of stone tablets on which were carved messages in an unknown language .
he visited various indian or tibetan ( there is some confusion here ) monasteries and [found out] a host of stone tablets on which were carved messages in an unknown language .

This was the famous Rosetta Stone , discovered in 1799 .
this was the famous rosetta stone , [found out] in 1799 .

If nature has discovered the ‘ best way ’ of producing a sequence of changes that will result in an adult member of Homo sapiens , might it not recapitulate this sequence in the womb ?
if nature has [found out] the ‘ best way ’ of producing a sequence of changes that will result in an adult member of homo sapiens , might it not recapitulate this sequence in the womb ?

His instinct was much better than his maths : some 13 years after his death the planet Pluto was discovered in 1930 by Clyde Tombaugh , using a mixture of perseverance and chance .
his instinct was much better than his maths : some 13 years after his death the planet pluto was [found out] in 1930 by clyde tombaugh , using a mixture of perseverance and chance .

Pluto ( since discovered to be a ‘ double planet ’ ) is far too small to create the perturbations in Neptune 's orbit that started off the search in the first place .
pluto ( since [found out] to be a ‘ double planet ’ ) is far too small to create the perturbations in neptune 's orbit that started off the search in the first place .

In the middle of the nineteenth century it was discovered that the highs and lows of sunspot activity recur over a fairly regular cycle of 11 years .
in the middle of the nineteenth century it was [found out] that the highs and lows of sunspot activity recur over a fairly regular cycle of 11 years .

Dr Wilder Penfield discovered that , by touching a specific part of the brain with a mild electric current passed through a probe , he could reactivate memories and responses to these events in his patients .
dr wilder penfield [found out] that , by touching a specific part of the brain with a mild electric current passed through a probe , he could reactivate memories and responses to these events in his patients .

The use of these tests can seem threatening to the status of the interviewee , in the sense that hidden secrets are going to be discovered .
the use of these tests can seem threatening to the status of the interviewee , in the sense that hidden secrets are going to be [found out] .

For every strength discovered in a test there is a corresponding weakness .
for every strength [found out] in a test there is a corresponding weakness .

The Ford car in which Ian Spiro fled after the shooting was discovered in a remote area 100 miles east of San Diego , near the Mexican border .
the ford car in which ian spiro fled after the shooting was [found out] in a remote area 100 miles east of san diego , near the mexican border .

Officers said traces of the poison were found in the family 's car , which was discovered at a remote Indian reservation with the commodity broker 's body inside .
officers said traces of the poison were found in the family 's car , which was [found out] at a remote indian reservation with the commodity broker 's body inside .

The ‘ molecular knife ’ — an enzyme designed to stop the virus reproducing in the body — has been discovered by researchers at the University of California in San Diego .
the ‘ molecular knife ’ — an enzyme designed to stop the virus reproducing in the body — has been [found out] by researchers at the university of california in san diego .

The Valentine 's Day horror was written a month after Farrow discovered Allen was having an affair with her 21-year-old adopted daughter Soon-Yi .
the valentine 's day horror was written a month after farrow [found out] allen was having an affair with her 21-year-old adopted daughter soon-yi .

The 46-year-old spy was found poisoned three days after his wife Gail and three young children were discovered shot dead at their California home .
the 46-year-old spy was found poisoned three days after his wife gail and three young children were [found out] shot dead at their california home .

Annette Henriette , 32 , a Dutch woman , was discovered in a tiny village hospital in Khanh Hoa , Vietnam .
annette henriette , 32 , a dutch woman , was [found out] in a tiny village hospital in khanh hoa , vietnam .

After that he was threatened with jail if evidence of a hoax was discovered .
after that he was threatened with jail if evidence of a hoax was [found out] .

Before the marriage she is discovered to be pregnant .
before the marriage she is [found out] to be pregnant .

There is a further meaning to be discovered in the shepherds .
there is a further meaning to be [found out] in the shepherds .

The second tells of a pearl merchant who discovered a pearl of rare beauty and again realised his capital to buy it .
the second tells of a pearl merchant who [found out] a pearl of rare beauty and again realised his capital to buy it .

They had discovered the kingdom of Heaven for that is what is compared to both the treasure and the pearl .
they had [found out] the kingdom of heaven for that is what is compared to both the treasure and the pearl .

In the second account , Jesus told them to go and show themselves to the priests , and while they were on their way they discovered they were cured .
in the second account , jesus told them to go and show themselves to the priests , and while they were on their way they [found out] they were cured .

Also we discovered in conversation that we were not the only people who felt that the usual procedure was a wasteful and gruesome affair .
also we [found out] in conversation that we were not the only people who felt that the usual procedure was a wasteful and gruesome affair .

We discovered that he , single-handed , had built that chimney without the use of mechanical lifting-gear .
we [found out] that he , single-handed , had built that chimney without the use of mechanical lifting-gear .

But there was no popular basis for this view , as the Aeon leaders discovered when they tried to mobilize support for Churchill in 1936 .
but there was no popular basis for this view , as the aeon leaders [found out] when they tried to mobilize support for churchill in 1936 .

In the prosecution of the war , the Left discovered far greater opportunities for political advance than any that had arisen from the anti-war struggles of the 1930s .
in the prosecution of the war , the left [found out] far greater opportunities for political advance than any that had arisen from the anti-war struggles of the 1930s .

Most commonly a relaxed stress simply reverts to heat but children have discovered that it is possible to convert the strain energy of catapult elastic into the fracture of , say , glass .
most commonly a relaxed stress simply reverts to heat but children have [found out] that it is possible to convert the strain energy of catapult elastic into the fracture of , say , glass .

The first thing we discovered was that we could get high strength from almost anything from Epsom salts to sapphire .
the first thing we [found out] was that we could get high strength from almost anything from epsom salts to sapphire .

Casein glues were very widely used during the war in aircraft and one day somebody discovered that the tensile strength of specimens of wet casein is one-fifth of that of dry casein .
casein glues were very widely used during the war in aircraft and one day somebody [found out] that the tensile strength of specimens of wet casein is one-fifth of that of dry casein .

But as they questioned radio hams who use electronic scanning equipment to eavesdrop on mobile-phone conversations , they discovered four more individuals who claimed to have heard Diana in intimate conversation with Mr Gilbey .
but as they questioned radio hams who use electronic scanning equipment to eavesdrop on mobile-phone conversations , they [found out] four more individuals who claimed to have heard diana in intimate conversation with mr gilbey .

The first version of the tape to be discovered was made by Oxford secretary Jane Norgrove , 25 , and her father Mick .
the first version of the tape to be [found out] was made by oxford secretary jane norgrove , 25 , and her father mick .

But investigators have discovered that his tape was a shorter , less significant version of the sensational Squidgy tape made public this year .
but investigators have [found out] that his tape was a shorter , less significant version of the sensational squidgy tape made public this year .

Later she had a full mastectomy and was just getting over that when they discovered the cancer had spread to her bones .
later she had a full mastectomy and was just getting over that when they [found out] the cancer had spread to her bones .

Suppose he discovered that my new slimline look was nothing more than a £19.99 Playtex Secrets girdle purchased in October ?
suppose he [found out] that my new slimline look was nothing more than a £19.99 playtex secrets girdle purchased in october ?

Deadwood prospered and Costner was befriended by locals until they discovered he had drawn up plans for an 800-room hotel and conference centre nearby .
deadwood prospered and costner was befriended by locals until they [found out] he had drawn up plans for an 800-room hotel and conference centre nearby .

But Marje , we discovered last week , lived a double life for over 20 years , privately despising her husband while publicly referring to him as ‘ Proopsie ’ .
but marje , we [found out] last week , lived a double life for over 20 years , privately despising her husband while publicly referring to him as ‘ proopsie ’ .

What many of the six million tourists who visit Hong Kong each year have discovered is that it is much more than a traditional eating-out and shop-till-you-drop paradise .
what many of the six million tourists who visit hong kong each year have [found out] is that it is much more than a traditional eating-out and shop-till-you-drop paradise .

Police discovered later that Lorna and Vernage had met at a children 's home years earlier .
police [found out] later that lorna and vernage had met at a children 's home years earlier .

‘ We discovered there were elms which we could use on the Floors Estate and so the Duke agreed to sell them to us . ’
‘ we [found out] there were elms which we could use on the floors estate and so the duke agreed to sell them to us . ’

The young gun from South Carolina was discovered by Mariah Carey in a New York recording studio .
the young gun from south carolina was [found out] by mariah carey in a new york recording studio .

‘ Most women need demonstrable affection and , of course , he discovered that Diana was capable of losing her temper , as we all are . ’
‘ most women need demonstrable affection and , of course , he [found out] that diana was capable of losing her temper , as we all are . ’

Psychologists have studied the personalities of 50 players at three top clubs and discovered what every manager needs to know : what makes a great team player .
psychologists have studied the personalities of 50 players at three top clubs and [found out] what every manager needs to know : what makes a great team player .

’ Just before Joe 's own kidnap he discovered that Waite was in danger .
’ just before joe 's own kidnap he [found out] that waite was in danger .

As her suspicion grew , at first , she felt too humiliated to mention what she had discovered .
as her suspicion grew , at first , she felt too humiliated to mention what she had [found out] .

In any case , Allison , who discovered the joys of off-licence products and credit card abuse before Norman Lamont was knee high to the Mace , has spilled most of the gravy that has come his way in a life that has brought a different kind of riches .
in any case , allison , who [found out] the joys of off-licence products and credit card abuse before norman lamont was knee high to the mace , has spilled most of the gravy that has come his way in a life that has brought a different kind of riches .

The striker was discovered by Joe Jordan playing club football in the riot-torn St Pauls area of Bristol .
the striker was [found out] by joe jordan playing club football in the riot-torn st pauls area of bristol .

Similar protestations were no doubt uttered by Billy The Kid whenever he was discovered astride a corpse holding a smoking gun .
similar protestations were no doubt uttered by billy the kid whenever he was [found out] astride a corpse holding a smoking gun .

At the beginning of that month , Phar-Mor 's founder and chairman , David Shapira , announced that he had discovered a massive fraud in his company .
at the beginning of that month , phar-mor 's founder and chairman , david shapira , announced that he had [found out] a massive fraud in his company .

What it discovered was a shock .
what it [found out] was a shock .

According to Pearl , the final decision was based on what was discovered from the reference site visits .
according to pearl , the final decision was based on what was [found out] from the reference site visits .

‘ Indeed , when we discovered the letter had been sent on , because of client confidentiality , we felt it was important that we should tell any client for whom we acted — either before or presently — that it had been done and not at our behest .
‘ indeed , when we [found out] the letter had been sent on , because of client confidentiality , we felt it was important that we should tell any client for whom we acted — either before or presently — that it had been done and not at our behest .

it discovered bad debts of $50m in the
it [found out] bad debts of $50m in the

So , if it is easy to transgress , how likely are any infringements to be discovered ?
so , if it is easy to transgress , how likely are any infringements to be [found out] ?

However , where it is discovered that the tax law does not have the effect that the Government and taxpayers generally thought it had , there are circumstances in which it is right to introduce legislation to restore the position retrospectively to what it was thought to be .
however , where it is [found out] that the tax law does not have the effect that the government and taxpayers generally thought it had , there are circumstances in which it is right to introduce legislation to restore the position retrospectively to what it was thought to be .

In 1958 two zoologists from the University of California discovered that the removal of the gland made the escape reactions of lizards much slower ; so undoubtedly it still has survival value .
in 1958 two zoologists from the university of california [found out] that the removal of the gland made the escape reactions of lizards much slower ; so undoubtedly it still has survival value .

The Hindus have discovered that the Absolute can only be realized or thought of , or stated through the relative .
the hindus have [found out] that the absolute can only be realized or thought of , or stated through the relative .

In the past thirty years , astrophysicists have discovered dust clouds , radio signals , X-rays , electric and magnetic fields in supposedly empty space , and it is now realised that there is as much energy/matter between the stars as there is contained in them and in all the planets as well .
in the past thirty years , astrophysicists have [found out] dust clouds , radio signals , x-rays , electric and magnetic fields in supposedly empty space , and it is now realised that there is as much energy/matter between the stars as there is contained in them and in all the planets as well .

He found that energy fields surrounding salamanders possessed an energy field roughly shaped like the adult animal , and discovered that the field 's electrical axis was aligned with the brain and spinal cord .
he found that energy fields surrounding salamanders possessed an energy field roughly shaped like the adult animal , and [found out] that the field 's electrical axis was aligned with the brain and spinal cord .

Needing to find precisely when their electrical axis first originated in the development of the animal , he began mapping the fields in progressively earlier stages of salamander embryogenesis and discovered that the electrical axis originated in the unfertilized egg , thus contradicting conventional biological and genetic theory .
needing to find precisely when their electrical axis first originated in the development of the animal , he began mapping the fields in progressively earlier stages of salamander embryogenesis and [found out] that the electrical axis originated in the unfertilized egg , thus contradicting conventional biological and genetic theory .

But in April 1878 he was cautioned for being intoxicated while on duty , and when discovered drunk in 1882 was reduced to the second class .
but in april 1878 he was cautioned for being intoxicated while on duty , and when [found out] drunk in 1882 was reduced to the second class .

Over twenty years after the introduction of village tribunals the Government Agent at Kurunagala discovered that presidents refused to accept any criminal plaints not endorsed by the village headman .
over twenty years after the introduction of village tribunals the government agent at kurunagala [found out] that presidents refused to accept any criminal plaints not endorsed by the village headman .

Occasionally a chief headman was discovered to be involved in organized extortion , requiring services and gifts from the headmen and people under his jurisdiction beyond those which were customarily expected .
occasionally a chief headman was [found out] to be involved in organized extortion , requiring services and gifts from the headmen and people under his jurisdiction beyond those which were customarily expected .

In 1899 , when on tour in the interior of the Low Country , a British official discovered that trial by ordeal had been frequently practised in a village .
in 1899 , when on tour in the interior of the low country , a british official [found out] that trial by ordeal had been frequently practised in a village .

We might formulate his newly discovered principle as ‘ One ought not to eat too much ’ , but very probably it would be first encountered by him as ‘ Sensible people do n't eat too much ’ .
we might formulate his newly [found out] principle as ‘ one ought not to eat too much ’ , but very probably it would be first encountered by him as ‘ sensible people do n't eat too much ’ .

Having obtained legal powers to build itself a tramway system , Croydon Rural District Council then discovered that legislation at that time made no provision for a Rural District Council to own , operate , or perhaps more important , to raise the necessary finance to construct a tramway system .
having obtained legal powers to build itself a tramway system , croydon rural district council then [found out] that legislation at that time made no provision for a rural district council to own , operate , or perhaps more important , to raise the necessary finance to construct a tramway system .

It has recently been discovered that the Company purchased a small plot of land on the north-east side of the bridge for use as a permanent way yard .
it has recently been [found out] that the company purchased a small plot of land on the north-east side of the bridge for use as a permanent way yard .

Sydney shut-out : Martin Bayfield got the better of Wallaby John Eales this time , but discovered that there is more to winning line-out ball than being the tallest man on the park as Australia waltzed away 40–15 .
sydney shut-out : martin bayfield got the better of wallaby john eales this time , but [found out] that there is more to winning line-out ball than being the tallest man on the park as australia waltzed away 40–15 .

Gimbert , on the other hand , had a difficult game against Griffiths and discovered that life in the international front row is more difficult than expected .
gimbert , on the other hand , had a difficult game against griffiths and [found out] that life in the international front row is more difficult than expected .

However , nothing happened during the period from the time the mistake was made until it was discovered to affect the company 's position , nor was there any unfairness or abuse of power .
however , nothing happened during the period from the time the mistake was made until it was [found out] to affect the company 's position , nor was there any unfairness or abuse of power .

Their towels , umbrellas and beach bags were later discovered close to the Isuzu truck .
their towels , umbrellas and beach bags were later [found out] close to the isuzu truck .

When the fraud was discovered she ran off with him to Italy , expecting to live in comfort .
when the fraud was [found out] she ran off with him to italy , expecting to live in comfort .

Newall was discovered unconscious and suffering convulsions in his cell — where the light is kept on round the clock — by guards at midday yesterday .
newall was [found out] unconscious and suffering convulsions in his cell — where the light is kept on round the clock — by guards at midday yesterday .

They claim publicity surrounding the adoption means the identity of the unborn child 's real mother will soon be discovered .
they claim publicity surrounding the adoption means the identity of the unborn child 's real mother will soon be [found out] .

They say the couple ‘ are fearful that the birth mother 's identity will be discovered and they can not deal with the repurcussions ’ .
they say the couple ‘ are fearful that the birth mother 's identity will be [found out] and they can not deal with the repurcussions ’ .

Her mutilated body was discovered the following evening .
her mutilated body was [found out] the following evening .

The tape was discovered hidden among luggage and files belonging to Spiro , three miles from where his body was found in the California desert .
the tape was [found out] hidden among luggage and files belonging to spiro , three miles from where his body was found in the california desert .

Social workers later discovered that one of the children 's grandmothers had offered to look after them , but was told other arrangements had been made .
social workers later [found out] that one of the children 's grandmothers had offered to look after them , but was told other arrangements had been made .

Elizabeth , who is originally from St Albans , Herts , discovered the remote area , world-renowned for snorkelling , diving and fishing , with her South African fiance Cuan Cronje , several months ago .
elizabeth , who is originally from st albans , herts , [found out] the remote area , world-renowned for snorkelling , diving and fishing , with her south african fiance cuan cronje , several months ago .

There have been natural caverns or fissures discovered under Stamford , but there is no evidence to suggest they were ever used by man .
there have been natural caverns or fissures [found out] under stamford , but there is no evidence to suggest they were ever used by man .

In 1989 , historians and archaeologists using these new techniques discovered that Stamford was built on the site of an ancient geomantic earthwork representing a running bull .
in 1989 , historians and archaeologists using these new techniques [found out] that stamford was built on the site of an ancient geomantic earthwork representing a running bull .

For a moment , just before they left the house , as she and her aunt clung tightly to each other , the silent tears coursing down their faces , Ruth hated America and wished that it had never been discovered .
for a moment , just before they left the house , as she and her aunt clung tightly to each other , the silent tears coursing down their faces , ruth hated america and wished that it had never been [found out] .

It had surprised Ruth that the Carsons should choose to live in a boarding-house , until she discovered that in New York it was quite the thing-always supposing that the establishment was high-class and in a good locality .
it had surprised ruth that the carsons should choose to live in a boarding-house , until she [found out] that in new york it was quite the thing-always supposing that the establishment was high-class and in a good locality .

Ruth had discovered Washington Square on her second day in New York .
ruth had [found out] washington square on her second day in new york .

‘ discovered ’ .
‘ [found out] ’ .

But he had discovered something surprising .
but he had [found out] something surprising .

He had discovered some decayed oak roots , locally called bog trunks , lying in a pool of black mud .
he had [found out] some decayed oak roots , locally called bog trunks , lying in a pool of black mud .

What has still to be discovered is just how much garlic is necessary to confer protection against heart disease , and in what form is best taken .
what has still to be [found out] is just how much garlic is necessary to confer protection against heart disease , and in what form is best taken .

Research in Texas on two sulphur compounds found in garlic discovered that they blocked the conversion of certain chemicals in the gut to carcinogens , inhibiting the first stages of tumour development .
research in texas on two sulphur compounds found in garlic [found out] that they blocked the conversion of certain chemicals in the gut to carcinogens , inhibiting the first stages of tumour development .

Researchers in China , where garlic is widely used in folk medicine , discovered that garlic compounds were effective against some viruses including the cold sore virus and a type of meningitis .
researchers in china , where garlic is widely used in folk medicine , [found out] that garlic compounds were effective against some viruses including the cold sore virus and a type of meningitis .

After asking primary-school children questions about the Turtle cartoons , designed for children , and The Bill , designed for adults but often watched by youngsters , Dr Sheppard discovered that :
after asking primary-school children questions about the turtle cartoons , designed for children , and the bill , designed for adults but often watched by youngsters , dr sheppard [found out] that :

Once again , the best way to open the sequence is to establish the location with a wide shot which shows the character of the setting : maybe it 's one of those idyllic places which the crowds have not yet discovered , or perhaps it is crammed with people and overlooked by tourist hotels .
once again , the best way to open the sequence is to establish the location with a wide shot which shows the character of the setting : maybe it 's one of those idyllic places which the crowds have not yet [found out] , or perhaps it is crammed with people and overlooked by tourist hotels .

The employer 's main duties are to assess display screen equipment workstations and reduce any risks that are discovered ; ensure that workstations satisfy minimum requirements in terms of the display screen itself , the keyboard , desk and chair , working environment and task design and software ; plan work on display screen equipment so that the user has breaks or changes of activity ; and to provide information and training for display equipment users .
the employer 's main duties are to assess display screen equipment workstations and reduce any risks that are [found out] ; ensure that workstations satisfy minimum requirements in terms of the display screen itself , the keyboard , desk and chair , working environment and task design and software ; plan work on display screen equipment so that the user has breaks or changes of activity ; and to provide information and training for display equipment users .

Mr Wright discovered that you ca n't hand out authority like luncheon vouchers .
mr wright [found out] that you ca n't hand out authority like luncheon vouchers .

Of course , many companies have already discovered the advantages .
of course , many companies have already [found out] the advantages .

But Taylor 's staff checked with Downing Street — and discovered he was in no position to offer anything .
but taylor 's staff checked with downing street — and [found out] he was in no position to offer anything .

The terrorists home-made device was discovered in a van just yards from the packed Dominion Theatre .
the terrorists home-made device was [found out] in a van just yards from the packed dominion theatre .

That blasted off a window and they discovered the deadly load .
that blasted off a window and they [found out] the deadly load .

The device , discovered inside a Ford Transit van , was made safe after controlled explosions carried out by bomb squad officers .
the device , [found out] inside a ford transit van , was made safe after controlled explosions carried out by bomb squad officers .

Actor Bill Waddington , who plays the grumpy pensioner , discovered his new-found status when a letter written in Thai arrived at Granada 's studios in Manchester .
actor bill waddington , who plays the grumpy pensioner , [found out] his new-found status when a letter written in thai arrived at granada 's studios in manchester .

Bill , 76 , asked Street chiefs to investigate and they discovered that episodes of the popular show screened in Britain five years ago are now topping the ratings in Thailand and they have made Percy a national hero .
bill , 76 , asked street chiefs to investigate and they [found out] that episodes of the popular show screened in britain five years ago are now topping the ratings in thailand and they have made percy a national hero .

She then discovered her engineer husband had run up thousands of pounds in debts and had tried to end his life a month before .
she then [found out] her engineer husband had run up thousands of pounds in debts and had tried to end his life a month before .

British-born Ian Phillips , of Christchurch , New Zealand , discovered 53-year-old Ken now lives in England with his two stepdaughters and the son he gave birth to while a woman .
british-born ian phillips , of christchurch , new zealand , [found out] 53-year-old ken now lives in england with his two stepdaughters and the son he gave birth to while a woman .

The plot failed when one soldier peeped inside the box of Quality Street chocolates two days later and discovered 2lbs of semtex explosive .
the plot failed when one soldier peeped inside the box of quality street chocolates two days later and [found out] 2lbs of semtex explosive .

The semi-naked body of 14-year-old Johanna Young was discovered by police after a four-day hunt .
the semi-naked body of 14-year-old johanna young was [found out] by police after a four-day hunt .

Her body was discovered by two schoolboys out playing .
her body was [found out] by two schoolboys out playing .

Carpenter Gordon Brettell was told the van had been discovered with tools worth £2,500 intact .
carpenter gordon brettell was told the van had been [found out] with tools worth £2,500 intact .

He discovered she was missing on Christmas Eve when her sister went round to his house .
he [found out] she was missing on christmas eve when her sister went round to his house .

The Bristol and West has discovered that people who ‘ live in sin ’ are 50 per cent more likely to fall into arrears than married couples .
the bristol and west has [found out] that people who ‘ live in sin ’ are 50 per cent more likely to fall into arrears than married couples .

His body was discovered on Monday in the car park at a windswept beach , alongside the St Andrews championship golf course .
his body was [found out] on monday in the car park at a windswept beach , alongside the st andrews championship golf course .

Streets over a square-mile area were evacuated but after no bombs went off police blasted a window off the van and discovered the deadly cargo .
streets over a square-mile area were evacuated but after no bombs went off police blasted a window off the van and [found out] the deadly cargo .

At 9pm that night , the parents of Baby One discovered their daughter 's ankle tag had the wrong surname .
at 9pm that night , the parents of baby one [found out] their daughter 's ankle tag had the wrong surname .

Their bodies were discovered in a blood-spattered , ransacked bedroom of their Birmingham council house .
their bodies were [found out] in a blood-spattered , ransacked bedroom of their birmingham council house .

Police refused to say exactly how much of £14,000 still outstanding had been unearthed near Lincoln just yards from where almost £140,000 was discovered on Wednesday .
police refused to say exactly how much of £14,000 still outstanding had been unearthed near lincoln just yards from where almost £140,000 was [found out] on wednesday .

The crime was discovered after Mrs Rilka failed to collect her nine-year-old daughter Verena from school .
the crime was [found out] after mrs rilka failed to collect her nine-year-old daughter verena from school .

Detective Sergeant Clive Astle , 41 , was discovered by his wife at their home in Lichfield , Staffs , shortly after midday .
detective sergeant clive astle , 41 , was [found out] by his wife at their home in lichfield , staffs , shortly after midday .

Tony , 47 , and Maureen , 46 , from Brockenhurst , Hants , sparked the alert when they discovered the girl they had called Carla had an ankle tag with the surname Coyle .
tony , 47 , and maureen , 46 , from brockenhurst , hants , sparked the alert when they [found out] the girl they had called carla had an ankle tag with the surname coyle .

But just 6ft away , it is claimed dozens of beakers and containers used to mix cleaning liquids , the remains of paint brushes , a paint box and a palette knife , were discovered .
but just 6ft away , it is claimed dozens of beakers and containers used to mix cleaning liquids , the remains of paint brushes , a paint box and a palette knife , were [found out] .

When she discovered Camilla had acted as Charles 's unofficial hostess at Highgrove functions in her absence it made Diana loathe the place even more .
when she [found out] camilla had acted as charles 's unofficial hostess at highgrove functions in her absence it made diana loathe the place even more .

She did not tell doctors who her daughter was , and staff at Queen Mary 's Hospital , Roehampton , West London , only discovered the connection when Mrs Garnett was admitted for the operation .
she did not tell doctors who her daughter was , and staff at queen mary 's hospital , roehampton , west london , only [found out] the connection when mrs garnett was admitted for the operation .

The couple split after Mia , 47 , discovered Allen was having an affair with her adopted daughter , Soon-Yi Previn .
the couple split after mia , 47 , [found out] allen was having an affair with her adopted daughter , soon-yi previn .

Shopkeepers there were staggered when a particular brand of noodles sold out within days — until they discovered its high score in the barcode points stakes .
shopkeepers there were staggered when a particular brand of noodles sold out within days — until they [found out] its high score in the barcode points stakes .

Instead , most women were far more interested in their potential partner 's ‘ true emotional qualities ’ , the team of researchers discovered .
instead , most women were far more interested in their potential partner 's ‘ true emotional qualities ’ , the team of researchers [found out] .

Jean , 61 , discovered the other life of the man who came home for his supper every night when a debt summons for £6,800 arrived on the day of his funeral .
jean , 61 , [found out] the other life of the man who came home for his supper every night when a debt summons for £6,800 arrived on the day of his funeral .

But that night , going through his belongings , she discovered receipts for the flat .
but that night , going through his belongings , she [found out] receipts for the flat .

Maxwell only discovered his cards were missing after he went into a police station to see detectives .
maxwell only [found out] his cards were missing after he went into a police station to see detectives .

Maxwell only discovered his cards were missing after he went into a police station to see detectives .
maxwell only [found out] his cards were missing after he went into a police station to see detectives .

Scotland Yard launched a murder inquiry after the body was discovered in a ground floor flat in Streatham , south-west London .
scotland yard launched a murder inquiry after the body was [found out] in a ground floor flat in streatham , south-west london .

Who is to say that if , miraculously , all sexual abuse could be discovered , the statistics would not reveal more involvement by women .
who is to say that if , miraculously , all sexual abuse could be [found out] , the statistics would not reveal more involvement by women .

The skin ended up in the Natural History Museum in Copenhagen and it was only when the corpse was examined that it was discovered that sulukongur was in fact a female !
the skin ended up in the natural history museum in copenhagen and it was only when the corpse was examined that it was [found out] that sulukongur was in fact a female !

Instead , he discovered the archipelago of Svalbard , whose fiords were teeming with whales and walrus .
instead , he [found out] the archipelago of svalbard , whose fiords were teeming with whales and walrus .

Sacambambaspis and several other recently discovered well preserved heterostracans from the Silurian of the North West Territories and the Canadian Arctic all show perfectly symmetrical tails .
sacambambaspis and several other recently [found out] well preserved heterostracans from the silurian of the north west territories and the canadian arctic all show perfectly symmetrical tails .

Briggs and colleagues discovered fossils of 4cm-long eel-like animals from the Early Carboniferous of Scotland , each of which carried a set of conodont elements at the anterior end .
briggs and colleagues [found out] fossils of 4cm-long eel-like animals from the early carboniferous of scotland , each of which carried a set of conodont elements at the anterior end .

The new features that have been discovered by re-examining Recent taxa alongside the many new fossil finds during the past 15 years lead to classifications that suggest that lampreys are more closely related to gnathostomes than either is to hagfishes .
the new features that have been [found out] by re-examining recent taxa alongside the many new fossil finds during the past 15 years lead to classifications that suggest that lampreys are more closely related to gnathostomes than either is to hagfishes .

Pituriaspids from the Devonian of Australia , have only recently been discovered .
pituriaspids from the devonian of australia , have only recently been [found out] .

Some newly discovered thelodonts suggest that , at least some , were markedly compressed laterally .
some newly [found out] thelodonts suggest that , at least some , were markedly compressed laterally .

President Ishaq and Miss Bhutto were enemies until they discovered a mutual interest in getting rid of Mr Sharif .
president ishaq and miss bhutto were enemies until they [found out] a mutual interest in getting rid of mr sharif .

Ever since John Marshall , its first chief justice , discovered that the court had the ability to overturn legislation that did not accord with the constitution , it has been indispensable in bolstering the central tenet of American democracy : that no grant of governmental power to those who exercise it for the time being is limitless .
ever since john marshall , its first chief justice , [found out] that the court had the ability to overturn legislation that did not accord with the constitution , it has been indispensable in bolstering the central tenet of american democracy : that no grant of governmental power to those who exercise it for the time being is limitless .

Lord Owen reminded Serbia 's President Slobodan Milosevic that , as Iraq has discovered , sanctions , once imposed , tend to stick .
lord owen reminded serbia 's president slobodan milosevic that , as iraq has [found out] , sanctions , once imposed , tend to stick .

The largest single shipload so far discovered were the 524 Chinese passengers on the East Wood which had to call for help when it broke down near the Marshall Islands earlier this year .
the largest single shipload so far [found out] were the 524 chinese passengers on the east wood which had to call for help when it broke down near the marshall islands earlier this year .

From a survey of unusual bookmarks discovered by librarians : a used condom , a kipper , bacon rashers , and an ageing jam sandwich .
from a survey of unusual bookmarks [found out] by librarians : a used condom , a kipper , bacon rashers , and an ageing jam sandwich .

Mr Montignac says he discovered his ‘ method ’ while lunching in fancy European restaurants when he worked for a drugs company .
mr montignac says he [found out] his ‘ method ’ while lunching in fancy european restaurants when he worked for a drugs company .

He sometimes smuggled in a small set of balance scales in order to be able to weigh the prisoners , rations when he discovered how much the system was open to abuse ; he was also quite capable of openly exploiting the rules , if needed .
he sometimes smuggled in a small set of balance scales in order to be able to weigh the prisoners , rations when he [found out] how much the system was open to abuse ; he was also quite capable of openly exploiting the rules , if needed .

Refused admission to French prisons , he discovered an ancient regulation which permitted entry to those giving alms to the prisoners , so promptly made use of it .
refused admission to french prisons , he [found out] an ancient regulation which permitted entry to those giving alms to the prisoners , so promptly made use of it .

In the process , it discovered such homes often provided better care for seriously mentally frail elderly people than local authority accommodation .
in the process , it [found out] such homes often provided better care for seriously mentally frail elderly people than local authority accommodation .

How she 'd discovered where he was unloading his balls was academic .
how she 'd [found out] where he was unloading his balls was academic .

People will start to investigate , and you , my Bastard Boy , will be discovered .
people will start to investigate , and you , my bastard boy , will be [found out] .

The next day she 'd discovered his whereabouts from Klein , who 'd warned her in no uncertain manner that John Zacharias was bad news for tender hearts .
the next day she 'd [found out] his whereabouts from klein , who 'd warned her in no uncertain manner that john zacharias was bad news for tender hearts .

Chant 's body was discovered the following day by 93-year-old Albert Burke , who found it while looking for his errant mongrel , Kipper .
chant 's body was [found out] the following day by 93-year-old albert burke , who found it while looking for his errant mongrel , kipper .

But the possibility that one day his double-dealing would be discovered by the Tabula Rasa , and they would search through their library and find some vicious sway to destroy him , never entirely left his calculations .
but the possibility that one day his double-dealing would be [found out] by the tabula rasa , and they would search through their library and find some vicious sway to destroy him , never entirely left his calculations .

By the time she was discovered , she was barely alive , and quite without her wits .
by the time she was [found out] , she was barely alive , and quite without her wits .

Talk of magic in the Western World as a spent force : self-congratulatory accounts of cults that had been infiltrated , and discovered to be groups of pseudo-scientists exchanging arcane theories in a language no two of them agreed upon , or sexual obsessives using the excuse of workings to demand favours they could n't seduce from their partners or , most often , crazies in search of some mythology , however ludicrous , to keep them from complete psychosis .
talk of magic in the western world as a spent force : self-congratulatory accounts of cults that had been infiltrated , and [found out] to be groups of pseudo-scientists exchanging arcane theories in a language no two of them agreed upon , or sexual obsessives using the excuse of workings to demand favours they could n't seduce from their partners or , most often , crazies in search of some mythology , however ludicrous , to keep them from complete psychosis .

As Europe has discovered , however , the hard part is to make a system of semi-fixed exchange rates work in practice .
as europe has [found out] , however , the hard part is to make a system of semi-fixed exchange rates work in practice .

Tonight she had discovered a new side to herself .
tonight she had [found out] a new side to herself .

They revert to verse when Thersites leaves , but in the next scene Achilles is discovered indulging himself in a prose catechism with Thersites , when Agamemnon , Ulysses , Nestor , Diomed , and Calchas appear .
they revert to verse when thersites leaves , but in the next scene achilles is [found out] indulging himself in a prose catechism with thersites , when agamemnon , ulysses , nestor , diomed , and calchas appear .

One way out of this dead-end situation , denying as it did the possibility of a human relationship , was taken by Donne in his love-poems , where the woman is no longer on a pedestal but is discovered in bed with the poet .
one way out of this dead-end situation , denying as it did the possibility of a human relationship , was taken by donne in his love-poems , where the woman is no longer on a pedestal but is [found out] in bed with the poet .

Hypocrisy is curiously associated with its own exposure : concealment is simultaneously effected yet discovered .
hypocrisy is curiously associated with its own exposure : concealment is simultaneously effected yet [found out] .

Oswald , carrying Goneril 's letter , and with the added instructions to kill Gloucester should he find him , tried to do so but was killed by Edgar , who discovered their secret plans to kill Albany ( King Lear , IV.vi.227–80 ) .
oswald , carrying goneril 's letter , and with the added instructions to kill gloucester should he find him , tried to do so but was killed by edgar , who [found out] their secret plans to kill albany ( king lear , iv.vi.227–80 ) .

The same two civilisations also developed mummification , having discovered how long bodies could be preserved in their dry air .
the same two civilisations also developed mummification , having [found out] how long bodies could be preserved in their dry air .

For some men promotion was eagerly desired , but even a promotion in rank could be distinctly harmful , as John Main discovered when he was drawn into another political conflict in 1752 .
for some men promotion was eagerly desired , but even a promotion in rank could be distinctly harmful , as john main [found out] when he was drawn into another political conflict in 1752 .

Even opportunities to serve , without rank or pay , as a volunteer , could be elusive , and even previous military experience was of little assistance , as Lieutenant Callander discovered when he attempted to rejoin the army as a volunteer in a regiment about to embark for India .
even opportunities to serve , without rank or pay , as a volunteer , could be elusive , and even previous military experience was of little assistance , as lieutenant callander [found out] when he attempted to rejoin the army as a volunteer in a regiment about to embark for india .

Solicitations for military promotion could become quite pointed if the politician did not act quickly , as the Earl of Marchmont discovered when he failed to secure a promotion for Lieutenant James Wedderburn , whose uncle complained was
solicitations for military promotion could become quite pointed if the politician did not act quickly , as the earl of marchmont [found out] when he failed to secure a promotion for lieutenant james wedderburn , whose uncle complained was

In this country we discovered the value of prevention and rehabilitation in the 1950s and 1960s and our belief in permanence achieved through working with a child in his own family was given legal sanction in Section 1 of the 1963 Act .
in this country we [found out] the value of prevention and rehabilitation in the 1950s and 1960s and our belief in permanence achieved through working with a child in his own family was given legal sanction in section 1 of the 1963 act .

( 1986 ) discovered that parents understood and expected care to mean residential care , and that both they and the young people were cautiously optimistic that some good would come from the admission .
( 1986 ) [found out] that parents understood and expected care to mean residential care , and that both they and the young people were cautiously optimistic that some good would come from the admission .

Morris discovered the expressive potentials of photography while on an archaeological dig .
morris [found out] the expressive potentials of photography while on an archaeological dig .

Mr Groenewald claims to have discovered an area — mainly in the Transvaal and the Orange Free State — where whites are a majority , and which could become an Afrikaner homeland .
mr groenewald claims to have [found out] an area — mainly in the transvaal and the orange free state — where whites are a majority , and which could become an afrikaner homeland .

Dr Snyder discovered there was a receptor protein in mammalian brains which heroin would stick to .
dr snyder [found out] there was a receptor protein in mammalian brains which heroin would stick to .

At least five other drug-terrorist connections had been discovered and broken up .
at least five other drug-terrorist connections had been [found out] and broken up .

It is believed that considerably more connections have not been discovered and so not broken up .
it is believed that considerably more connections have not been [found out] and so not broken up .

We want to settle in one school for a good period of time , because we have discovered how important are relationships , with both colleagues and classes , that have been built up and stood the test of time .
we want to settle in one school for a good period of time , because we have [found out] how important are relationships , with both colleagues and classes , that have been built up and stood the test of time .

Failing to live up to its name , the Russian newspaper Pravda announced in February that the library and treasures of the sixteenth-century tsar Ivan the Terrible had been discovered in an underground city north of Moscow .
failing to live up to its name , the russian newspaper pravda announced in february that the library and treasures of the sixteenth-century tsar ivan the terrible had been [found out] in an underground city north of moscow .

She discovered that this was often because of the problem of drawing out the block shapes which , to many , was a real obstacle .
she [found out] that this was often because of the problem of drawing out the block shapes which , to many , was a real obstacle .

But this will scarcely work , for it was precisely in this year , and perhaps as a result of the failure of Archbishop Ralph 's letter to produce any effect at the papal court , that the Canterbury monks claimed that they had ‘ discovered ’ the long lost documents with all the essential primatial clauses in them .
but this will scarcely work , for it was precisely in this year , and perhaps as a result of the failure of archbishop ralph 's letter to produce any effect at the papal court , that the canterbury monks claimed that they had ‘ [found out] ’ the long lost documents with all the essential primatial clauses in them .

Hari half lifted half pushed him through the window and then she waited breathlessly for any sounds that would indicate that Will had been discovered , but when there was nothing , she moved to the door and to her relief , she saw it swing open .
hari half lifted half pushed him through the window and then she waited breathlessly for any sounds that would indicate that will had been [found out] , but when there was nothing , she moved to the door and to her relief , she saw it swing open .

His accusations backed up with the evidence found by Craig would be enough to convict Spencer and send him to prison for some time , once his whereabouts were discovered , for Spencer seemed to have vanished from the face of the earth .
his accusations backed up with the evidence found by craig would be enough to convict spencer and send him to prison for some time , once his whereabouts were [found out] , for spencer seemed to have vanished from the face of the earth .

The Musée Barbier-Mueller is devoting an exhibition to the art of the Solomon Islands , discovered by Alvaro de Mendana in 1568 and thought to house King Solomon 's Mines .
the musée barbier-mueller is devoting an exhibition to the art of the solomon islands , [found out] by alvaro de mendana in 1568 and thought to house king solomon 's mines .

By the terms of the agreement everything discovered in Susiana would go to France , with compensation for gold and silver objects .
by the terms of the agreement everything [found out] in susiana would go to france , with compensation for gold and silver objects .

Also on view at the Met are approximately 125 gold , silver , and gilt-copper figurines , plaques , pectorals , headdresses , and other personal ornaments from third-century aristocratic tombs discovered in the 1960s in the Loma Negra cemetery in northern Peru .
also on view at the met are approximately 125 gold , silver , and gilt-copper figurines , plaques , pectorals , headdresses , and other personal ornaments from third-century aristocratic tombs [found out] in the 1960s in the loma negra cemetery in northern peru .

Huge cache of Roman treasure discovered
huge cache of roman treasure [found out]

After messing about for a while , they roped in drummer Anthony — Derbyshire born , now a Nottingham resident — and discovered common musical ground .
after messing about for a while , they roped in drummer anthony — derbyshire born , now a nottingham resident — and [found out] common musical ground .

This has been a much sought-after track since a few of the more adroit DJs discovered the ripe fruits cultivated within its grooves .
this has been a much sought-after track since a few of the more adroit djs [found out] the ripe fruits cultivated within its grooves .

That just about sums it up , although there is much more to Keiji 's vision to be discovered here .
that just about sums it up , although there is much more to keiji 's vision to be [found out] here .

It was only in the last six or seven years of his life that he discovered that his talents lay elsewhere : in polemics , above all , and in what Waugh in his letter of thanks for Animal Farm had called ingenious and delightful allegory .
it was only in the last six or seven years of his life that he [found out] that his talents lay elsewhere : in polemics , above all , and in what waugh in his letter of thanks for animal farm had called ingenious and delightful allegory .

One soon discovered that orangs , like people , have different personalities and are childlike in their sudden show of frustration , anger and even affection .
one soon [found out] that orangs , like people , have different personalities and are childlike in their sudden show of frustration , anger and even affection .

Greg Brittenham , from the National Institute of Fitness and Sport , coached Courier in running drills and discovered that the aerobic capacity Courier possessed was similar to marathon runners .
greg brittenham , from the national institute of fitness and sport , coached courier in running drills and [found out] that the aerobic capacity courier possessed was similar to marathon runners .

‘ People like Stock , Aitken & Waterman thought they 'd discovered a formula for pop music , and there is n't a formula .
‘ people like stock , aitken & waterman thought they 'd [found out] a formula for pop music , and there is n't a formula .

But there is enough new or unfamiliar material — including a wonderful Savoldo drawing discovered at Dijon by Catherine Legrand — and enough well-known paintings have been cleaned , for the exhibition to seem fresh .
but there is enough new or unfamiliar material — including a wonderful savoldo drawing [found out] at dijon by catherine legrand — and enough well-known paintings have been cleaned , for the exhibition to seem fresh .

The Lanx , a rectangular dish , 48 x 38 cm and weighing over 10lbs , was discovered by chance in February 1734 or 5 in the bank of the River Tyne at Corbridge in Northumberland by the daughter of the local cobbler , from whom it passed into the hands of the Dukes of Northumberland .
the lanx , a rectangular dish , 48 x 38 cm and weighing over 10lbs , was [found out] by chance in february 1734 or 5 in the bank of the river tyne at corbridge in northumberland by the daughter of the local cobbler , from whom it passed into the hands of the dukes of northumberland .

Andrea Paszti and Hans-Werner Bott have discovered a large exhibition space in the tower of a disused factory in the Ehrenfeld district of Cologne , showing the work of twenty-three artists based on ‘ Nature Studies ’ .
andrea paszti and hans-werner bott have [found out] a large exhibition space in the tower of a disused factory in the ehrenfeld district of cologne , showing the work of twenty-three artists based on ‘ nature studies ’ .

She had discovered , too , one good source of decent clothing : periodically , churches and chapels would hold a sale of garments given them by their better-off parishioners .
she had [found out] , too , one good source of decent clothing : periodically , churches and chapels would hold a sale of garments given them by their better-off parishioners .

She discovered there were seventeen pupils , ranging in age from six to twelve , and that they were housed in two so-called dormitories , which were divided by panels into cubicles , each being about twice the area of its narrow iron bed , just enough to hold a chest of drawers and leaving standing space in which to undress .
she [found out] there were seventeen pupils , ranging in age from six to twelve , and that they were housed in two so-called dormitories , which were divided by panels into cubicles , each being about twice the area of its narrow iron bed , just enough to hold a chest of drawers and leaving standing space in which to undress .

The article in Pravda reported that an interdepartmental commission on dowsing ( ‘ bio-location ’ ) had contacted the Russian Ministry of Culture , claiming to have discovered Ivan the Terrible 's legendary library in the city of Alexandrov .
the article in pravda reported that an interdepartmental commission on dowsing ( ‘ bio-location ’ ) had contacted the russian ministry of culture , claiming to have [found out] ivan the terrible 's legendary library in the city of alexandrov .

Jellie Dijkstra has published some telling information she discovered in Belgian archives : around one-third of all the fifteenth-century commissions and half of the sixteenth-century commissions request a copy of one kind or another .
jellie dijkstra has published some telling information she [found out] in belgian archives : around one-third of all the fifteenth-century commissions and half of the sixteenth-century commissions request a copy of one kind or another .

In an unexpected coda to a recent art saga , the Amon Carter Museum in Fort Worth announced in December that the original frame to Thomas Eakins 's ‘ The Swimming Hole ’ had been discovered at the Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth , which donated it to the museum .
in an unexpected coda to a recent art saga , the amon carter museum in fort worth announced in december that the original frame to thomas eakins 's ‘ the swimming hole ’ had been [found out] at the modern art museum of fort worth , which donated it to the museum .

Stern and Partridge admit that monographs and specialised studies already exist on all these rooms , and make no claim to have discovered new material , but justify their extended reconsideration of the ‘ halls of state ’ on the grounds that they have never been analysed together as monuments of public art .
stern and partridge admit that monographs and specialised studies already exist on all these rooms , and make no claim to have [found out] new material , but justify their extended reconsideration of the ‘ halls of state ’ on the grounds that they have never been analysed together as monuments of public art .

The two canvases were discovered in June 1991 by one of Mr Osenat 's colleagues .
the two canvases were [found out] in june 1991 by one of mr osenat 's colleagues .

Of the Italian drawings , a newly discovered Perino del Vaga pen and wash study of ‘ Psyche borne on a litter to her marriage festivities ’ , a study for a fresco at the Castel Sant' Angelo , Rome , sold for $34,000 ( £21,250 ; est. $20,000–25,000 ) ; a rare Guercino oiled charcoal academie of a male nude was sold under estimate for $100,000 ( £62,500 ; est. $120,000–150,000 ) ; and the badly-faded Domenico Tiepolo ‘ Scene of Execution ’ made a remarkable $72,500 ( £45,300 ; est. $40,000–60,000 ) .
of the italian drawings , a newly [found out] perino del vaga pen and wash study of ‘ psyche borne on a litter to her marriage festivities ’ , a study for a fresco at the castel sant' angelo , rome , sold for $34,000 ( £21,250 ; est. $20,000–25,000 ) ; a rare guercino oiled charcoal academie of a male nude was sold under estimate for $100,000 ( £62,500 ; est. $120,000–150,000 ) ; and the badly-faded domenico tiepolo ‘ scene of execution ’ made a remarkable $72,500 ( £45,300 ; est. $40,000–60,000 ) .

The High Authority soon discovered that to use legislation to eliminate tariffs and quotas was not sufficient to generate a common market .
the high authority soon [found out] that to use legislation to eliminate tariffs and quotas was not sufficient to generate a common market .

On July 25 , 1925 , close to the shores of Red Lake , south east of Howey Bay , Lorne and Ray Howey and their partners discovered gold .
on july 25 , 1925 , close to the shores of red lake , south east of howey bay , lorne and ray howey and their partners [found out] gold .

subsequently after about ten flights , and porting over the books , and speaking to people who serviced them during the war years , they discovered that all it needed was a well-placed whack with a hammer on the trailing edge of the aileron .
subsequently after about ten flights , and porting over the books , and speaking to people who serviced them during the war years , they [found out] that all it needed was a well-placed whack with a hammer on the trailing edge of the aileron .

After a brew we walked to its foot and to our delight discovered that the covering on the lower slabs was not powder as we had suspected , but acres of perfect névé and climbable anywhere .
after a brew we walked to its foot and to our delight [found out] that the covering on the lower slabs was not powder as we had suspected , but acres of perfect névé and climbable anywhere .

Peter de Savary 's crew discovered climbing last year , although it appears he off-loaded the place on another property speculator in the summer without bothering to tell anyone !
peter de savary 's crew [found out] climbing last year , although it appears he off-loaded the place on another property speculator in the summer without bothering to tell anyone !

‘ My students did n't know what phrasal verbs were until they discovered Streamline Directions Workbook ! ’
‘ my students did n't know what phrasal verbs were until they [found out] streamline directions workbook ! ’

’ From his papers discovered after the war it would appear that the Admiral began to plan such an attack in earnest about this time .
’ from his papers [found out] after the war it would appear that the admiral began to plan such an attack in earnest about this time .

An aptly named gas , discovered in 1766 , it had that potentially lethal combination of having both explosive and lifting properties .
an aptly named gas , [found out] in 1766 , it had that potentially lethal combination of having both explosive and lifting properties .

Helen Attwell tells the moving story of how she discovered what happened to her brother and his crew on their last heroic flight in September 1940 .
helen attwell tells the moving story of how she [found out] what happened to her brother and his crew on their last heroic flight in september 1940 .

Old Fishfinger has been flicking through More magazine which , of course , he only reads for the fishkeeping tips , and has discovered the questionnaires that they print .
old fishfinger has been flicking through more magazine which , of course , he only reads for the fishkeeping tips , and has [found out] the questionnaires that they print .

Small Conger eels Conger conger are occasionally to be found in holes where the land meets the sea , and blue Lobsters , Homarus gammurus are uncommon but likely to be discovered in some years .
small conger eels conger conger are occasionally to be found in holes where the land meets the sea , and blue lobsters , homarus gammurus are uncommon but likely to be [found out] in some years .

We discovered last month that one of the major challenges of keeping a marine aquarium is choosing fish which will live in harmony together and , where applicable those which will be compatible with the invertebrates sharing their aquarium .
we [found out] last month that one of the major challenges of keeping a marine aquarium is choosing fish which will live in harmony together and , where applicable those which will be compatible with the invertebrates sharing their aquarium .

Hopefully you will have discovered by now that Evangelisation is largely about Communication .
hopefully you will have [found out] by now that evangelisation is largely about communication .

In a way the sheer size of the audience that the movies had discovered diverted attention away from any discussion of what the movies themselves actually were .
in a way the sheer size of the audience that the movies had [found out] diverted attention away from any discussion of what the movies themselves actually were .

The Edwardian and Progressive eras were rife with ideas of how film could develop but of all the possibilities the only thing that happened was that the showmen hung on to what they had discovered .
the edwardian and progressive eras were rife with ideas of how film could develop but of all the possibilities the only thing that happened was that the showmen hung on to what they had [found out] .

He failed as a writer and as an actor but then discovered that the easily acquired skills of movie-making would enable him to become the artist and prophet for which his background had prepared him and for which Progressive America was so eagerly waiting .
he failed as a writer and as an actor but then [found out] that the easily acquired skills of movie-making would enable him to become the artist and prophet for which his background had prepared him and for which progressive america was so eagerly waiting .

Griffith was seduced by his own myth of himself and by the preoccupations of the Progressive era into believing that he was a serious thinker , whereas in truth he was an old-fashioned story-teller who had spontaneously discovered how the technology of film could be used to give stories a tremendous power .
griffith was seduced by his own myth of himself and by the preoccupations of the progressive era into believing that he was a serious thinker , whereas in truth he was an old-fashioned story-teller who had spontaneously [found out] how the technology of film could be used to give stories a tremendous power .

Hollywood , said Hall , had already discovered people 's interest in the rich and ‘ rags to riches was filmdom 's bread and butter ’ .
hollywood , said hall , had already [found out] people 's interest in the rich and ‘ rags to riches was filmdom 's bread and butter ’ .

The immediate post-war years had been the last classic period of the film as social sermon and one can almost sense the relief as the studios discovered that social context did not need quite as much emphasis .
the immediate post-war years had been the last classic period of the film as social sermon and one can almost sense the relief as the studios [found out] that social context did not need quite as much emphasis .

It may conflict with views discovered by the language learner in his environment and so produce a culture shock which has to be resolved .
it may conflict with views [found out] by the language learner in his environment and so produce a culture shock which has to be resolved .

Age effects were discovered by Oyama ( 1976 ) in studying Italian learners of English , at least in terms of their acquisition of the phonetic aspects of the language .
age effects were [found out] by oyama ( 1976 ) in studying italian learners of english , at least in terms of their acquisition of the phonetic aspects of the language .

Natural order in acquisition This hypothesis states that the discovered natural order of development of first language competence also applies to second language learning .
natural order in acquisition this hypothesis states that the [found out] natural order of development of first language competence also applies to second language learning .

At the same time , recall suppression was discovered when deaf subjects were instructed to hold blocks of wood while watching the presentation of items , in a way similar to suppression experienced by hearing people in tasks where they have a redundant phrase to say aloud at presentation .
at the same time , recall suppression was [found out] when deaf subjects were instructed to hold blocks of wood while watching the presentation of items , in a way similar to suppression experienced by hearing people in tasks where they have a redundant phrase to say aloud at presentation .

In Tervoort 's ( 1983 ) survey he discovered six of his responding countries had a signed spoken language form ( Finland , Ireland , Norway , Rumania , Sweden and the Soviet Union ) , but he also discovered in a further five countries an ‘ unofficial ’ system of signs structured to reflect the spoken language . In Denmark , Hansen ( 1980 ) describes a mixed language situation :
in tervoort 's ( 1983 ) survey he [found out] six of his responding countries had a signed spoken language form ( finland , ireland , norway , rumania , sweden and the soviet union ) , but he also [found out] in a further five countries an ‘ unofficial ’ system of signs structured to reflect the spoken language . in denmark , hansen ( 1980 ) describes a mixed language situation :

Ingram has found that in many parts of southern England the levels of these practices were much higher in the 1620s and 1630s than they had been in the middle years of Elizabeth 's reign ; and Jeremy Boulton has discovered that between 80 and 98 per cent of all the potential communicants of two large suburban parishes in London were receiving annual communion during the late Elizabethan and Jacobean periods-a very high proportion by any standards .
ingram has found that in many parts of southern england the levels of these practices were much higher in the 1620s and 1630s than they had been in the middle years of elizabeth 's reign ; and jeremy boulton has [found out] that between 80 and 98 per cent of all the potential communicants of two large suburban parishes in london were receiving annual communion during the late elizabethan and jacobean periods-a very high proportion by any standards .

It was belatedly discovered at Lemnos that the transport ships had been incorrectly loaded so that crucial material , required immediately on landing , had been packed at the bottom of the holds .
it was belatedly [found out] at lemnos that the transport ships had been incorrectly loaded so that crucial material , required immediately on landing , had been packed at the bottom of the holds .

In the play a boy from the pits is discovered by the schoolteacher and after furious efforts , gets into Oxford University .
in the play a boy from the pits is [found out] by the schoolteacher and after furious efforts , gets into oxford university .

Burton discovered Dylan Thomas for himself .
burton [found out] dylan thomas for himself .

The audition was held at the end of an afternoon and Burton discovered that he was not alone : a very young actress , Claire Bloom , was auditioning for another of the minor roles .
the audition was held at the end of an afternoon and burton [found out] that he was not alone : a very young actress , claire bloom , was auditioning for another of the minor roles .

Quayle was commissioned to serve up Shakespeare in Stratford : Burton was discovered to complement Quayle .
quayle was commissioned to serve up shakespeare in stratford : burton was [found out] to complement quayle .

This natural philosophy ( science ) , and the methodology of Francis Bacon ( 1561–1626 ) and Rene Descartes ( 1596–1650 ) , seems to suggest that the universe is run not by divine decree but by natural laws ; laws that can be discovered by the application of the human mind through the senses ( by observation ) to the physical world .
this natural philosophy ( science ) , and the methodology of francis bacon ( 1561–1626 ) and rene descartes ( 1596–1650 ) , seems to suggest that the universe is run not by divine decree but by natural laws ; laws that can be [found out] by the application of the human mind through the senses ( by observation ) to the physical world .

She soon discovered why , and it was not a pleasant discovery .
she soon [found out] why , and it was not a pleasant discovery .

Mildred felt around in the bumping , musty darkness and discovered a whistle , a notebook with a rubber band round it , and a voluminous handkerchief .
mildred felt around in the bumping , musty darkness and [found out] a whistle , a notebook with a rubber band round it , and a voluminous handkerchief .

After leaving the potion laboratory , she soon discovered that Mildred was not in her room and set off to look all over the school where , of course , she did not find the missing pupil .
after leaving the potion laboratory , she soon [found out] that mildred was not in her room and set off to look all over the school where , of course , she did not find the missing pupil .

There was also a great deal of indignation among ordinary British citizens who discovered for the first time after the massacre in Timişoara that Romania was ruled by a brutal tyrant who enjoyed the privileges of a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath .
there was also a great deal of indignation among ordinary british citizens who [found out] for the first time after the massacre in timişoara that romania was ruled by a brutal tyrant who enjoyed the privileges of a knight grand cross of the order of the bath .

He soon discovered how fickle capitalist affections can be .
he soon [found out] how fickle capitalist affections can be .

When Professor Kingman discovered that his Report 's recommendations might be rejected , he used the Robert Robinson factor to cajole the civil servants .
when professor kingman [found out] that his report 's recommendations might be rejected , he used the robert robinson factor to cajole the civil servants .

Beginning at St Omer , Mass was celebrated in the Shrine of Our Lady of Miracles , reflecting on the recusants of the past and discovered St Erteinbrod .
beginning at st omer , mass was celebrated in the shrine of our lady of miracles , reflecting on the recusants of the past and [found out] st erteinbrod .

Passing through London o his way to McKinley in Alaska , Anderson said that Krishchaty had discovered a body amongst the pinnacles .
passing through london o his way to mckinley in alaska , anderson said that krishchaty had [found out] a body amongst the pinnacles .

Waiting while my partner continued grappling with Whillans ' finest , we chatted about the nature of climbing and discovered the stunning truth that climbers are pretty much the same in Sweden as they are in Britain or anywhere else .
waiting while my partner continued grappling with whillans ' finest , we chatted about the nature of climbing and [found out] the stunning truth that climbers are pretty much the same in sweden as they are in britain or anywhere else .

Making four landings in this way at different points along the shore , Nigel Clogstoun-Willmott discovered a number of things .
making four landings in this way at different points along the shore , nigel clogstoun-willmott [found out] a number of things .

The guerrillas were helped , however , by an educated native who discovered that Bernard Callinan was a Roman Catholic and was persuaded that others in the Company were of the same faith .
the guerrillas were helped , however , by an educated native who [found out] that bernard callinan was a roman catholic and was persuaded that others in the company were of the same faith .

In our Lord 's parable of the lost sheep ( Luke 15:3–6 ) we see that it was as a consequence of counting his sheep into the fold each night that the shepherd discovered that he was one short .
in our lord 's parable of the lost sheep ( luke 15:3–6 ) we see that it was as a consequence of counting his sheep into the fold each night that the shepherd [found out] that he was one short .

One suburban Anglican church in Surrey , England discovered on doing this exercise that they had to gain on average thirty-four new members each year just to stay where they were in terms of membership , such was the high level of mobility in their community .
one suburban anglican church in surrey , england [found out] on doing this exercise that they had to gain on average thirty-four new members each year just to stay where they were in terms of membership , such was the high level of mobility in their community .

She has discovered that it is against the law to discuss Christianity in public , even with another Christian .
she has [found out] that it is against the law to discuss christianity in public , even with another christian .

Mr Nicholl discovered the crime to Carey 's great remorse .
mr nicholl [found out] the crime to carey 's great remorse .

‘ And thus you discovered euphoria ? ’
‘ and thus you [found out] euphoria ? ’

She can enjoy the last freedom to be as she is ; her pursuits may seem strange , but after her death it may be discovered that her treasured collection — of old cups , pressed flowers , or newspaper cuttings — is quite priceless .
she can enjoy the last freedom to be as she is ; her pursuits may seem strange , but after her death it may be [found out] that her treasured collection — of old cups , pressed flowers , or newspaper cuttings — is quite priceless .

When they met , Magee discovered that he was a member of the security forces .
when they met , magee [found out] that he was a member of the security forces .

His parents were indignant when they discovered about it and he gave it up through respect for their views .
his parents were indignant when they [found out] about it and he gave it up through respect for their views .

It was decided that Joan should telephone Alexander Atkins at a number which he had given to Derek and which had been discovered to be that of the police station at Dysart .
it was decided that joan should telephone alexander atkins at a number which he had given to derek and which had been [found out] to be that of the police station at dysart .

Joan , she had discovered , was single-minded in her approach to life .
joan , she had [found out] , was single-minded in her approach to life .

It at once became apparent that , much as she trusted and respected Alianor , she must on this one occasion slip the leash . Should the plan be discovered and Alianor be seen as party to the clandestine meeting , she could well find herself in danger , accused of shelving her responsibility for the lady Anne 's protection and honour …
it at once became apparent that , much as she trusted and respected alianor , she must on this one occasion slip the leash . should the plan be [found out] and alianor be seen as party to the clandestine meeting , she could well find herself in danger , accused of shelving her responsibility for the lady anne 's protection and honour …

‘ It was discovered there this morning .
‘ it was [found out] there this morning .

But had your bungling been discovered earlier and by someone else , all hell would have broken loose .
but had your bungling been [found out] earlier and by someone else , all hell would have broken loose .

Other apparently trivial features are the ‘ errata ’ ( sometimes ‘ corrigenda ’ ) and ‘ addenda ’ , which are the mistakes and omissions discovered after the book has been printed or during the final stages .
other apparently trivial features are the ‘ errata ’ ( sometimes ‘ corrigenda ’ ) and ‘ addenda ’ , which are the mistakes and omissions [found out] after the book has been printed or during the final stages .

In America the first so far discovered dates from 1674 , but the most prized plates , e.g .
in america the first so far [found out] dates from 1674 , but the most prized plates , e.g .

After a long , bitter process Mosley had discovered that the rules of the political game and the increasing conservatism of British government militated against effective action from within the political structure .
after a long , bitter process mosley had [found out] that the rules of the political game and the increasing conservatism of british government militated against effective action from within the political structure .

The minute book of the Britons speaks of average attendance at meetings of between thirty and fifty members , and Special Branch officers discovered that the circulation of its newspaper The Hidden Hand was only 150 per month .
the minute book of the britons speaks of average attendance at meetings of between thirty and fifty members , and special branch officers [found out] that the circulation of its newspaper the hidden hand was only 150 per month .

To clinch the matter , Tylor discovered that in those cases where the couple lived independently of either group of kin , avoidance behaviour was haphazard .
to clinch the matter , tylor [found out] that in those cases where the couple lived independently of either group of kin , avoidance behaviour was haphazard .

Thus , where substantial quantities of the same material equipment or products are discovered , archaeologists tend to assume that they must have been produced by the same people .
thus , where substantial quantities of the same material equipment or products are [found out] , archaeologists tend to assume that they must have been produced by the same people .

However , a contrary trend of rapid increase in the number of ‘ elderly severely mentally ill patients requiring hospital care ’ was discovered .
however , a contrary trend of rapid increase in the number of ‘ elderly severely mentally ill patients requiring hospital care ’ was [found out] .

Some of the men who took part in this , like Sir Walter Raleigh and his brother-in-law Sir Humphrey Gilbert , were also attracted by the idea of getting lands on the other side of the Atlantic , and the success of the Spaniards encouraged them in the widespread belief that an immense amount of gold and silver was waiting to be discovered all over the Americas .
some of the men who took part in this , like sir walter raleigh and his brother-in-law sir humphrey gilbert , were also attracted by the idea of getting lands on the other side of the atlantic , and the success of the spaniards encouraged them in the widespread belief that an immense amount of gold and silver was waiting to be [found out] all over the americas .

Her body has never been discovered .
her body has never been [found out] .

In one case , a 36-year-old man was imprisoned for four years for the manslaughter of a 37-year-old craft teacher after he had discovered that his daughter was spending the night at the teacher 's home , while an allegedly brutal husband was shot dead by the wife 's father after she ‘ fell into a nightmare of crime , violence and bizarre sex ’ .
in one case , a 36-year-old man was imprisoned for four years for the manslaughter of a 37-year-old craft teacher after he had [found out] that his daughter was spending the night at the teacher 's home , while an allegedly brutal husband was shot dead by the wife 's father after she ‘ fell into a nightmare of crime , violence and bizarre sex ’ .

Doctors soon discovered that these men did indeed have an underlying deficiency of their immune system , but they had no idea what was causing it .
doctors soon [found out] that these men did indeed have an underlying deficiency of their immune system , but they had no idea what was causing it .

It was during one of his earliest visits to Africa that he discovered a young lad with French connections — Yannick Noah .
it was during one of his earliest visits to africa that he [found out] a young lad with french connections — yannick noah .

They discovered that the numbers of such children attending special schools for the visually handicapped and those attending other kinds of schools , including integration into mainstream provision , were not grossly divergent .
they [found out] that the numbers of such children attending special schools for the visually handicapped and those attending other kinds of schools , including integration into mainstream provision , were not grossly divergent .

Most children with severe visual handicaps will have been discovered within a few days of their birth or in their early infancy in hospital .
most children with severe visual handicaps will have been [found out] within a few days of their birth or in their early infancy in hospital .

Astigmatism that is not discovered can result in a child confusing letters or copying incorrectly .
astigmatism that is not [found out] can result in a child confusing letters or copying incorrectly .

Once this was discovered , the amount of oxygen given to young babies was carefully monitored and a dramatic fall in the number of cases resulted .
once this was [found out] , the amount of oxygen given to young babies was carefully monitored and a dramatic fall in the number of cases resulted .

In mid-October 1990 villagers from Huamanga province discovered three mass graves — the gruesome evidence of a recent massacre .
in mid-october 1990 villagers from huamanga province [found out] three mass graves — the gruesome evidence of a recent massacre .

Prospectors trailed back into town babbling of grassy oases , trailed out again into the desert , discovered Martian frostbite .
prospectors trailed back into town babbling of grassy oases , trailed out again into the desert , [found out] martian frostbite .

She discovered she 'd been sleeping on her back .
she [found out] she 'd been sleeping on her back .

Those who persisted discovered the drives ' disconcerting tendency to implode or deliquesce at the merest touch of a screwdriver .
those who persisted [found out] the drives ' disconcerting tendency to implode or deliquesce at the merest touch of a screwdriver .

When she eventually returned , utterly distraught , our fears were confirmed : she had discovered the men 's bodies lying where they had been shot .
when she eventually returned , utterly distraught , our fears were confirmed : she had [found out] the men 's bodies lying where they had been shot .

Unlike pop socio-biology , which appeals to the gene as the ultimate and fundamental causal factor in human evolution and behaviour , innate sociality supposes a predisposition in human beings towards the continual absorption of existing meanings and the creation of new meanings in local universes of thought that are constantly being discovered , destroyed , and negotiated anew in the process of social interaction .
unlike pop socio-biology , which appeals to the gene as the ultimate and fundamental causal factor in human evolution and behaviour , innate sociality supposes a predisposition in human beings towards the continual absorption of existing meanings and the creation of new meanings in local universes of thought that are constantly being [found out] , destroyed , and negotiated anew in the process of social interaction .

When the Spanish arrived in Mindoro in 1570 , they discovered coastal settlements paying tribute to the Sultan of Brunei .
when the spanish arrived in mindoro in 1570 , they [found out] coastal settlements paying tribute to the sultan of brunei .

When he returned to earth , he discovered that his father had died .
when he returned to earth , he [found out] that his father had died .

When Society members inspected the guard 's compartment , they discovered that the original vacuum gauge was still in place and that , apart from a few alterations to the window arrangements , the coach is essentially as built .
when society members inspected the guard 's compartment , they [found out] that the original vacuum gauge was still in place and that , apart from a few alterations to the window arrangements , the coach is essentially as built .

They made realistic models of different types of cuckoo eggs ( realistic enough to fool a leading British ornithologist who unwittingly recorded one as part of a clutch he discovered ) and placed them in the nests of reed warblers to examine the response of the hosts .
they made realistic models of different types of cuckoo eggs ( realistic enough to fool a leading british ornithologist who unwittingly recorded one as part of a clutch he [found out] ) and placed them in the nests of reed warblers to examine the response of the hosts .

It was Verhencamp who discovered the truth — female anis throw each other 's eggs out of the nest .
it was verhencamp who [found out] the truth — female anis throw each other 's eggs out of the nest .

In recent years , many examples of tool use in the animal world have come to light and there are no doubt others that are still waiting to be discovered .
in recent years , many examples of tool use in the animal world have come to light and there are no doubt others that are still waiting to be [found out] .

The first concerns a small fish Butis which occurs in the Cigenter river in Java and which was discovered by the German wildlife photographer , Dieter Plage .
the first concerns a small fish butis which occurs in the cigenter river in java and which was [found out] by the german wildlife photographer , dieter plage .

This form of impersonation , discovered by Henry Bates while collecting insects in South America , is referred to as Batesian mimicry .
this form of impersonation , [found out] by henry bates while collecting insects in south america , is referred to as batesian mimicry .

Keeping warm is obviously a prime necessity in the freezing temperatures of the Rocky Mountains , and the coat of the mountain goat , as the Indians and European explorers discovered , fulfils this need superbly well .
keeping warm is obviously a prime necessity in the freezing temperatures of the rocky mountains , and the coat of the mountain goat , as the indians and european explorers [found out] , fulfils this need superbly well .

The first thing the researchers discovered was that special infrared cameras , designed to pick up the heat given off by warm-blooded animals , failed to detect polar bears — the insulation provided by their coats is too efficient .
the first thing the researchers [found out] was that special infrared cameras , designed to pick up the heat given off by warm-blooded animals , failed to detect polar bears — the insulation provided by their coats is too efficient .

The disciplined regular army desired by Prieto and , of course , by the Communists was brought into being , and in the process competent commanders were discovered : men like Vicente Rojo , chief-of-staff from November 1936 ; Miaja , the ‘ saviour of Madrid ’ ; the Communists Modesto , Lister and Valentín González ‘ El Campesino ’ ; and the anarchist Cipriano Mera .
the disciplined regular army desired by prieto and , of course , by the communists was brought into being , and in the process competent commanders were [found out] : men like vicente rojo , chief-of-staff from november 1936 ; miaja , the ‘ saviour of madrid ’ ; the communists modesto , lister and valentín gonzález ‘ el campesino ’ ; and the anarchist cipriano mera .

The bodies were discovered at eight forty-five on the morning of Wednesday 18 September by Miss Emily Wharton , a 65-year-old spinster of the parish of St Matthew 's in Paddington , London , and Darren Wilkes , aged 10 , of no particular parish as far as he knew or cared .
the bodies were [found out] at eight forty-five on the morning of wednesday 18 september by miss emily wharton , a 65-year-old spinster of the parish of st matthew 's in paddington , london , and darren wilkes , aged 10 , of no particular parish as far as he knew or cared .

‘ Or his killer was taking no chances on the bodies being discovered too soon .
‘ or his killer was taking no chances on the bodies being [found out] too soon .

‘ Miss Wharton , who with a young boy discovered the bodies , says that she found it unlocked . ’
‘ miss wharton , who with a young boy [found out] the bodies , says that she found it unlocked . ’

Easily Accessible : Buxton was discovered by the Romans who named it rather poetically ‘ the spa of the Blue Waters ’ .
easily accessible : buxton was [found out] by the romans who named it rather poetically ‘ the spa of the blue waters ’ .

Features are continually being rediscovered ; just one week before my arrival yet another brick fireplace complete with original bread corner oven was discovered .
features are continually being rediscovered ; just one week before my arrival yet another brick fireplace complete with original bread corner oven was [found out] .

This great plate — adorned with a few ‘ hot spots ’ , where plumes of magma have spurted to the surface randomly to form such agglomerations of islands as the Hawaiian chain , the Marquesas , the Tuamotos , the Tubuais and that tiny British possession the Pitcairn group — is almost universally deep , has a floor covered with siliceous oozes and red clays and is dotted with millions of volcanic abyssal hills discovered by the trailing of arrays of echo-sounders .
this great plate — adorned with a few ‘ hot spots ’ , where plumes of magma have spurted to the surface randomly to form such agglomerations of islands as the hawaiian chain , the marquesas , the tuamotos , the tubuais and that tiny british possession the pitcairn group — is almost universally deep , has a floor covered with siliceous oozes and red clays and is dotted with millions of volcanic abyssal hills [found out] by the trailing of arrays of echo-sounders .

Yet they were anything but magnanimous in their triumph — at least not once they discovered , to their corporate Castilian horror , that some of the patricians of the region were ‘ soiled by the infamous vice ’ , the ‘ abominable sin ’ , of homosexuality .
yet they were anything but magnanimous in their triumph — at least not once they [found out] , to their corporate castilian horror , that some of the patricians of the region were ‘ soiled by the infamous vice ’ , the ‘ abominable sin ’ , of homosexuality .

Then , in 1511 , a Portuguese expedition led by Antonio d'Abreu discovered them .
then , in 1511 , a portuguese expedition led by antonio d'abreu [found out] them .

Thus the Moluccas discovered by going eastabout would , by the logic of some explorers , belong to Portugal .
thus the moluccas [found out] by going eastabout would , by the logic of some explorers , belong to portugal .

Schoener 's globe of the world then known shows Japan a few hundred miles off Mexico ; the historian López de Gomara says that in his negotiations with the Emperor Magellan always insisted that the Moluccas were ‘ no great distance from Panama , and the Gulf of San Miguel which Vasco Núñez de Balboa discovered ’ .
schoener 's globe of the world then known shows japan a few hundred miles off mexico ; the historian lópez de gomara says that in his negotiations with the emperor magellan always insisted that the moluccas were ‘ no great distance from panama , and the gulf of san miguel which vasco núñez de balboa [found out] ’ .

By the application of good marine logic — tasting the water and finding it salty , then making sure the ebb — and flood-tides were of equal strength ( both tests which argued against this body of water being a river ) they realized that they had , indeed , discovered the way through .
by the application of good marine logic — tasting the water and finding it salty , then making sure the ebb — and flood-tides were of equal strength ( both tests which argued against this body of water being a river ) they realized that they had , indeed , [found out] the way through .

Yeremi soon discovered that while a monomolecular blade was excellent for bisecting a skull as such , when it came to dissecting the contents the knife was , if anything , too keen a scalpel — its cuts so wafer-thin that the warm brain matter seemed to seal together again as if glued .
yeremi soon [found out] that while a monomolecular blade was excellent for bisecting a skull as such , when it came to dissecting the contents the knife was , if anything , too keen a scalpel — its cuts so wafer-thin that the warm brain matter seemed to seal together again as if glued .

It had been discovered that the atom consisted of a small , positively charged nucleus surrounded by a cloud of negatively charged electrons .
it had been [found out] that the atom consisted of a small , positively charged nucleus surrounded by a cloud of negatively charged electrons .

Each time we have extended our observations to smaller length scales and higher energies , we have discovered new layers of structure .
each time we have extended our observations to smaller length scales and higher energies , we have [found out] new layers of structure .

Shortly thereafter , it was discovered that these supposedly indivisible atoms are made up of electrons revolving about a nucleus with energies of the order of a few electron-volts .
shortly thereafter , it was [found out] that these supposedly indivisible atoms are made up of electrons revolving about a nucleus with energies of the order of a few electron-volts .

This independence of the speed of the system was first discovered by Galileo , who developed the laws of motion of objects like cannonballs or planets .
this independence of the speed of the system was first [found out] by galileo , who developed the laws of motion of objects like cannonballs or planets .

It had been discovered in the eighteenth century that light does not travel instantaneously from source to observer ; rather , it goes at a certain speed , about 186,000 miles ( 300,000 kilometers ) a second .
it had been [found out] in the eighteenth century that light does not travel instantaneously from source to observer ; rather , it goes at a certain speed , about 186,000 miles ( 300,000 kilometers ) a second .

As it was , no one thought the universe was changing with time until 1929 , when Edwin Hubble discovered that distant galaxies are moving away from us .
as it was , no one thought the universe was changing with time until 1929 , when edwin hubble [found out] that distant galaxies are moving away from us .

The great extension of astronomical observations that began early in the 1960s brought about a revival of interest in the classical theory of general relativity because it seemed that many of the new phenomena that were being discovered , such as quasars , pulsars , and compact X-ray sources , indicated the existence of very strong gravitational fields — fields that could be described only by general relativity .
the great extension of astronomical observations that began early in the 1960s brought about a revival of interest in the classical theory of general relativity because it seemed that many of the new phenomena that were being [found out] , such as quasars , pulsars , and compact x-ray sources , indicated the existence of very strong gravitational fields — fields that could be described only by general relativity .

One of the problems facing physicists who sought to apply general relativity to these newly discovered or hypothetical objects was to make it compatible with quantum mechanics .
one of the problems facing physicists who sought to apply general relativity to these newly [found out] or hypothetical objects was to make it compatible with quantum mechanics .

These developments have to do with certain recently discovered quantum effects associated with black holes , which provide a remarkable connection between black holes and the laws of thermodynamics .
these developments have to do with certain recently [found out] quantum effects associated with black holes , which provide a remarkable connection between black holes and the laws of thermodynamics .

Neutron stars , however , were not observed until 1967 , when Jocelyn Bell and Antony Hewish at Cambridge discovered objects called pulsars that were emitting regular pulses of radio waves .
neutron stars , however , were not observed until 1967 , when jocelyn bell and antony hewish at cambridge [found out] objects called pulsars that were emitting regular pulses of radio waves .

That motivation disappeared when it was discovered that the universe is expanding .
that motivation disappeared when it was [found out] that the universe is expanding .

He 'd been wound-up and anxious ever since he 'd come home from his shift and discovered her missing , an empty space under the bed where her bags had been and her photograph album — probably the most precious single item that she owned — gone .
he 'd been wound-up and anxious ever since he 'd come home from his shift and [found out] her missing , an empty space under the bed where her bags had been and her photograph album — probably the most precious single item that she owned — gone .

There was no one in the office , the entire sales team having discovered important appointments that gave them excuses to sneak off home and start the weekend early .
there was no one in the office , the entire sales team having [found out] important appointments that gave them excuses to sneak off home and start the weekend early .

Sandy turned herself slightly , and Wayne suddenly discovered that he was sitting there with his sleeve strategy in tatters and most of her right breast in his hand .
sandy turned herself slightly , and wayne suddenly [found out] that he was sitting there with his sleeve strategy in tatters and most of her right breast in his hand .

Their destination , Sandy discovered a few minutes later , was the Liston Hall boat house .
their destination , sandy [found out] a few minutes later , was the liston hall boat house .

Whenever he discovered a half-dead new lamb , he brought the creature into the hut .
whenever he [found out] a half-dead new lamb , he brought the creature into the hut .

He discovered that her name was Bathsheba Everdene , and that she lived with her aunt , Mrs Hurst .
he [found out] that her name was bathsheba everdene , and that she lived with her aunt , mrs hurst .

The next day she discovered from Liddy that Sergeant Troy 's supposed father was a doctor , but people said his real father was a nobleman .
the next day she [found out] from liddy that sergeant troy 's supposed father was a doctor , but people said his real father was a nobleman .

By the time it was discovered that Smith had used the money to develop the bank accounts of local bookies and the jewellery collections of local ladies of ill repute , it was too late .
by the time it was [found out] that smith had used the money to develop the bank accounts of local bookies and the jewellery collections of local ladies of ill repute , it was too late .

Until we discovered your football club , Saturday afternoons for me and my mates meant spraying rude words on the side of the Co-op or hijacking shopping trolleys .
until we [found out] your football club , saturday afternoons for me and my mates meant spraying rude words on the side of the co-op or hijacking shopping trolleys .

Dr Losberne discovered suddenly that the air in Chertsey did not suit him .
dr losberne [found out] suddenly that the air in chertsey did not suit him .

Francie , day and night , locked himself in the room he shared with Finn ( it was , Melanie discovered , the room next to her own ) and played the fiddle continually , except when he was engaged to play it outside , at London Irish clubs , ceilidhs and gatherings .
francie , day and night , locked himself in the room he shared with finn ( it was , melanie [found out] , the room next to her own ) and played the fiddle continually , except when he was engaged to play it outside , at london irish clubs , ceilidhs and gatherings .

Melanie never found out to whom the plastic toy she discovered in the bath on her first morning belonged .
melanie never found out to whom the plastic toy she [found out] in the bath on her first morning belonged .

Outside , the storm continued furiously all night , and in the morning we discovered that the great tree at the bottom of the garden , which had stood for hundreds of years , had been hit by lightning and torn in half .
outside , the storm continued furiously all night , and in the morning we [found out] that the great tree at the bottom of the garden , which had stood for hundreds of years , had been hit by lightning and torn in half .

During the call she discovered that Gamal had gone with some of his friends to an island on the coast of Florida .
during the call she [found out] that gamal had gone with some of his friends to an island on the coast of florida .

Lord Wilberforce discovered that there were two factors in any possible wage increase .
lord wilberforce [found out] that there were two factors in any possible wage increase .

Eb and Florrie Judge had one son , Thomas , and when Tom was sixteen he discovered that Saul had some hold over his father .
eb and florrie judge had one son , thomas , and when tom was sixteen he [found out] that saul had some hold over his father .

Ernest and Rosie tried to make a start on the repairs , but by then she had discovered that she was pregnant , and Ernest would not let her do any work that might involve strenuous effort .
ernest and rosie tried to make a start on the repairs , but by then she had [found out] that she was pregnant , and ernest would not let her do any work that might involve strenuous effort .

’ At last we discovered two men fighting each other .
’ at last we [found out] two men fighting each other .

Soon , however , we discovered Magwitch in the water , badly injured , and pulled him into the boat .
soon , however , we [found out] magwitch in the water , badly injured , and pulled him into the boat .

She discovered that he was nineteen ( a year younger than her ) , that he came from the Kovno province of Poland and had escaped with his widowed mother and two elder brothers and young sister .
she [found out] that he was nineteen ( a year younger than her ) , that he came from the kovno province of poland and had escaped with his widowed mother and two elder brothers and young sister .

Sylvia Grey , we had discovered , was billed this week in Edinburgh .
sylvia grey , we had [found out] , was billed this week in edinburgh .

They discovered Lily was on the stage — had just left it .
they [found out] lily was on the stage — had just left it .

His texture stroked hers , wove through it until he knew her and she knew herself as he discovered her .
his texture stroked hers , wove through it until he knew her and she knew herself as he [found out] her .

Chesarynth discovered her senses .
chesarynth [found out] her senses .

It was a real program , she discovered , with a real fault .
it was a real program , she [found out] , with a real fault .

Beth had soon discovered that David Miller had many weaknesses , but the one that concerned her most , and gave her reason to fear for the future , was his blind love for and loyalty to the monster who had raised him .
beth had soon [found out] that david miller had many weaknesses , but the one that concerned her most , and gave her reason to fear for the future , was his blind love for and loyalty to the monster who had raised him .

The first time she discovered the awful mess he had deliberately left in the kitchen , Beth was determined she would not be used as a skivvy .
the first time she [found out] the awful mess he had deliberately left in the kitchen , beth was determined she would not be used as a skivvy .

When she tried to get Josh into a free day nursery , she discovered that the local authority did not regard her situation as difficult .
when she tried to get josh into a free day nursery , she [found out] that the local authority did not regard her situation as difficult .

Nyman and Silberston , while making use of fixed percentages , also insist that the location of control can only be discovered by a case by case approach .
nyman and silberston , while making use of fixed percentages , also insist that the location of control can only be [found out] by a case by case approach .

Research conducted in the United States discovered that for the top five executives from a sample of 50 of the largest companies three times as much income came from shares as from employment .
research conducted in the united states [found out] that for the top five executives from a sample of 50 of the largest companies three times as much income came from shares as from employment .

She helped him push the motorbike combination over the cliffs into the sea , and drop the two dead men down a deep narrow crevice where they were n't likely to be discovered .
she helped him push the motorbike combination over the cliffs into the sea , and drop the two dead men down a deep narrow crevice where they were n't likely to be [found out] .

Ingrid soon discovered from Ilse that the two waitresses had been supplementing their wages by selling sex .
ingrid soon [found out] from ilse that the two waitresses had been supplementing their wages by selling sex .

This Nazi bastard had discovered a devil inside her which she had n't known existed .
this nazi bastard had [found out] a devil inside her which she had n't known existed .

It means that even if he is discovered in time , before necrosis sets in , he will be HIV-positive .
it means that even if he is [found out] in time , before necrosis sets in , he will be hiv-positive .

Nor would Nevton any better understand that on a deeper level he had tried to force Hope into himself or force himself in Hope and , despite initial success , discovered a fierce resistance .
nor would nevton any better understand that on a deeper level he had tried to force hope into himself or force himself in hope and , despite initial success , [found out] a fierce resistance .

He discovered that he liked the unwanted insurgent …
he [found out] that he liked the unwanted insurgent …

He discovered that this talk and barter over food had brought on an almighty appetite .
he [found out] that this talk and barter over food had brought on an almighty appetite .

In the course of what appeared inconsequent , even trivial , conversation , he discovered that Mr John Gregory Crump of Liverpool was a very wealthy man indeed .
in the course of what appeared inconsequent , even trivial , conversation , he [found out] that mr john gregory crump of liverpool was a very wealthy man indeed .

And besides , as she discovered , it was becoming so fashionable !
and besides , as she [found out] , it was becoming so fashionable !

English does n't change from year to year and history does n't change and languages are just languages but physics and chemistry are changing constantly because new things are being discovered .
english does n't change from year to year and history does n't change and languages are just languages but physics and chemistry are changing constantly because new things are being [found out] .

The most probably explanation is that Chang discovered that the man he had previously selected to head the Dong Minh Hoi , Nguyen Hai Thanh , was ineffective : and argued that a now chastened Ho Chi Minh would be more inspiring while still following the Chinese line .
the most probably explanation is that chang [found out] that the man he had previously selected to head the dong minh hoi , nguyen hai thanh , was ineffective : and argued that a now chastened ho chi minh would be more inspiring while still following the chinese line .

The Government discovered an equally ingenious way of taxing invalidity benefit .
the government [found out] an equally ingenious way of taxing invalidity benefit .

Staff would begin to cluster in groups , perhaps because they needed common equipment and facilities , perhaps because they discovered common ground in what they taught .
staff would begin to cluster in groups , perhaps because they needed common equipment and facilities , perhaps because they [found out] common ground in what they taught .

In the Belfast research programme one of our aims was to use the complex patterns discovered in a live speech community to throw light on the kind of movements that might have taken place in linguistic change in the past .
in the belfast research programme one of our aims was to use the complex patterns [found out] in a live speech community to throw light on the kind of movements that might have taken place in linguistic change in the past .

One explanation that they discovered was that the policy , rule , or system in place was often violated in the name of meeting a deadline or breaking a blockage .
one explanation that they [found out] was that the policy , rule , or system in place was often violated in the name of meeting a deadline or breaking a blockage .

But , the designers also learned much as they discovered the snags in their suggestions and the way they made them .
but , the designers also learned much as they [found out] the snags in their suggestions and the way they made them .

By contrast , the conspiracy theorist , in claiming to have discovered the hidden truth about the world , is offering an argument against ordinary , non-conspiratorial interpretations of the world .
by contrast , the conspiracy theorist , in claiming to have [found out] the hidden truth about the world , is offering an argument against ordinary , non-conspiratorial interpretations of the world .

There is a change in the sense that argumentative qualifications may be discovered , as implicit qualifications are made explicit .
there is a change in the sense that argumentative qualifications may be [found out] , as implicit qualifications are made explicit .

An attempt to identify those social properties which pertain to objects as artefacts , for example , as opposed to the properties of words as discovered by linguists , or dreams as discovered by psychologists , can only be achieved through a balance between two procedures .
an attempt to identify those social properties which pertain to objects as artefacts , for example , as opposed to the properties of words as [found out] by linguists , or dreams as [found out] by psychologists , can only be achieved through a balance between two procedures .

He was going to take me to the derelict château he and Montaine had discovered in a clearing in one of the forests .
he was going to take me to the derelict château he and montaine had [found out] in a clearing in one of the forests .

He then spent many years at night in the New York public library searching for an alternative method , and eventually discovered one in reading about the well-known principle of the photoconductor — a substance that will hold a charge of electricity in the dark , but not in the light .
he then spent many years at night in the new york public library searching for an alternative method , and eventually [found out] one in reading about the well-known principle of the photoconductor — a substance that will hold a charge of electricity in the dark , but not in the light .

On one of his adventure trips , fur-trapping in Labrador , he discovered that fish caught in ice could be eaten much later with no ill effects .
on one of his adventure trips , fur-trapping in labrador , he [found out] that fish caught in ice could be eaten much later with no ill effects .

Even when a discharge is discovered , it is sometimes very difficult to establish where the other end of the pipe is : town plans or the other records which comprise the organizational memory are often incomplete or out of date , while physically tracing the effluent can involve the time-consuming and hazardous task of lifting manholes in the middle of city streets while filling sample buckets , proceeding by trial and error to narrow down the possible sources of pollution .
even when a discharge is [found out] , it is sometimes very difficult to establish where the other end of the pipe is : town plans or the other records which comprise the organizational memory are often incomplete or out of date , while physically tracing the effluent can involve the time-consuming and hazardous task of lifting manholes in the middle of city streets while filling sample buckets , proceeding by trial and error to narrow down the possible sources of pollution .

As in other enforcement work , allocation of resources has direct implications for the nature and extent of the deviance discovered ( Long , 1979 ) .
as in other enforcement work , allocation of resources has direct implications for the nature and extent of the deviance [found out] ( long , 1979 ) .

Deviance discovered by reactive means is relatively unpatterned as a result , in contrast with much proactive enforcement which is moulded by agents ' predictions of where deviance is likely to be located .
deviance [found out] by reactive means is relatively unpatterned as a result , in contrast with much proactive enforcement which is moulded by agents ' predictions of where deviance is likely to be located .

Those who travelled went further still and discovered Greece , but it too is ‘ classical ’ and altered the decoration of Palladian houses rather than their design .
those who travelled went further still and [found out] greece , but it too is ‘ classical ’ and altered the decoration of palladian houses rather than their design .

They discovered for themselves the value of taking note of the way pupils write of their school experience ; and by passing unnamed ‘ pupil products ’ around the staff group , they devised a way of cross-checking and standardising the assessment criteria that each was using in grading children 's work .
they [found out] for themselves the value of taking note of the way pupils write of their school experience ; and by passing unnamed ‘ pupil products ’ around the staff group , they devised a way of cross-checking and standardising the assessment criteria that each was using in grading children 's work .

The new or greatly expanded extractive industries needed pit props ; iron smelting , at least until Abraham Darby discovered the use of coke in 1709 , required charcoal ; and other industries such as glass-making , tanning and salt-making all required timber for various reasons .
the new or greatly expanded extractive industries needed pit props ; iron smelting , at least until abraham darby [found out] the use of coke in 1709 , required charcoal ; and other industries such as glass-making , tanning and salt-making all required timber for various reasons .

It is likely that a considerable number of Romano-British by-roads came into existence in the same way for limited purposes and yet remain to be discovered on the map or on the ground .
it is likely that a considerable number of romano-british by-roads came into existence in the same way for limited purposes and yet remain to be [found out] on the map or on the ground .

At an early date , the inland brine springs of Droitwich and Cheshire were discovered and used for the manufacture of salt .
at an early date , the inland brine springs of droitwich and cheshire were [found out] and used for the manufacture of salt .

On the western side , below the caves of Médous — discovered only in 1948 and spared , therefore , from the loss of their ‘ crystalline beauties ’ to the English vandals of the last century — there is a lovely quiet road along the valley of the Lesponne , an ideally leafy cul-de-sac , leading to the hamlet of Chiroulet close under the northern face of the Pic du Midi ; from there you can walk up to another of the more visited Pyrenean lakes , the Lac Bleu ( though this is a longish , moderately gruelling climb , involving an ascent of nearly 3,000 feet ) .
on the western side , below the caves of médous — [found out] only in 1948 and spared , therefore , from the loss of their ‘ crystalline beauties ’ to the english vandals of the last century — there is a lovely quiet road along the valley of the lesponne , an ideally leafy cul-de-sac , leading to the hamlet of chiroulet close under the northern face of the pic du midi ; from there you can walk up to another of the more visited pyrenean lakes , the lac bleu ( though this is a longish , moderately gruelling climb , involving an ascent of nearly 3,000 feet ) .

For all its underground samizdat quality , this document is designed to be discovered in order to draw the attention of the police authorities to the strength of rank-and-file feeling .
for all its underground samizdat quality , this document is designed to be [found out] in order to draw the attention of the police authorities to the strength of rank-and-file feeling .

In very many cases the crock of gold will not be discovered and the expenditure on the research wasted .
in very many cases the crock of gold will not be [found out] and the expenditure on the research wasted .

The new unionists , he discovered , were wrong in supposing that funds mattered less in the class struggle than the unity and solidarity of the workers and the Seamen were at a disadvantage compared with other unions in having , because of the nature of their occupation , to appoint and pay so many full-time officials .
the new unionists , he [found out] , were wrong in supposing that funds mattered less in the class struggle than the unity and solidarity of the workers and the seamen were at a disadvantage compared with other unions in having , because of the nature of their occupation , to appoint and pay so many full-time officials .

Non-assembly of components , once discovered , can be corrected by re-positioning either the components or changing the relationships between these parts .
non-assembly of components , once [found out] , can be corrected by re-positioning either the components or changing the relationships between these parts .

Here they discovered that their last great king had died several years previously , and still lay rotting in his widowed queen 's home .
here they [found out] that their last great king had died several years previously , and still lay rotting in his widowed queen 's home .

He was laughed to scorn for returning with tales of people who actually ate the nests of birds , which they boiled over fires of burning black stones — seven centuries before the same black stones were discovered and harnessed in Europe to fuel the Industrial Revolution .
he was laughed to scorn for returning with tales of people who actually ate the nests of birds , which they boiled over fires of burning black stones — seven centuries before the same black stones were [found out] and harnessed in europe to fuel the industrial revolution .

It is plain from his private correspondence that , even if he had discovered by himself the mechanism by which species diverge , he had no intention of publishing until after his death .
it is plain from his private correspondence that , even if he had [found out] by himself the mechanism by which species diverge , he had no intention of publishing until after his death .

Those who have had the advantage of experience in such matters `` , wrote Austen Layard , a contemporary of Wallace who had discovered the ancient city of Nineveh , `` know that one of the results of fever is a considerable excitement of the brain , consequent audacity and no small additional loquacity only limited by physical debility . ``
those who have had the advantage of experience in such matters `` , wrote austen layard , a contemporary of wallace who had [found out] the ancient city of nineveh , `` know that one of the results of fever is a considerable excitement of the brain , consequent audacity and no small additional loquacity only limited by physical debility . ``

We discovered that the temple is surrounded by durian trees , the fruit of which ripens and ferments through June and July .
we [found out] that the temple is surrounded by durian trees , the fruit of which ripens and ferments through june and july .

Shooting a known man-eater used always to be done by attracting it to fresh meat , until it was discovered that a ripe durian is a much stronger lure .
shooting a known man-eater used always to be done by attracting it to fresh meat , until it was [found out] that a ripe durian is a much stronger lure .

More distressingly , we discovered that the Aru islands and the Greater Bird of Paradise were no longer on their trading routes and that for the last twenty years they had been pursuing the shorter and more profitable triangular passage between Celebes , Java and Borneo .
more distressingly , we [found out] that the aru islands and the greater bird of paradise were no longer on their trading routes and that for the last twenty years they had been pursuing the shorter and more profitable triangular passage between celebes , java and borneo .

For these had to coincide , we discovered , not only with the metaphysical and astronomical indices , as interpreted by the Toraja priests , but also with the more secular calendar of the government , which had demanded the presence of several high-ranking Javanese officials for the final events .
for these had to coincide , we [found out] , not only with the metaphysical and astronomical indices , as interpreted by the toraja priests , but also with the more secular calendar of the government , which had demanded the presence of several high-ranking javanese officials for the final events .

This seemed rather extreme to us until we discovered that Bira was indeed one of the most heavily python-infested regions in all Celebes .
this seemed rather extreme to us until we [found out] that bira was indeed one of the most heavily python-infested regions in all celebes .

In 1975 , some strange bacteria were discovered in sediment at Woodhole , Massachusetts .
in 1975 , some strange bacteria were [found out] in sediment at woodhole , massachusetts .

However , the talent has been discovered in the aquatic stages of some amphibians such as newts and caecilians .
however , the talent has been [found out] in the aquatic stages of some amphibians such as newts and caecilians .

Sperm whales have been discovered which have such badly damaged jaws that they could not grab and hold a live fish , and yet these whales are otherwise healthy and well fed .
sperm whales have been [found out] which have such badly damaged jaws that they could not grab and hold a live fish , and yet these whales are otherwise healthy and well fed .

Kiwis use their noses to find buried food , and recently it has been discovered that magpies and other birds do as well .
kiwis use their noses to find buried food , and recently it has been [found out] that magpies and other birds do as well .

Most astonishingly , it has recently been discovered that many trees send out messages of danger when under attack from insects .
most astonishingly , it has recently been [found out] that many trees send out messages of danger when under attack from insects .

Then it was discovered that birds such as pigeons and swifts have difficulty navigating if their sense of smell is damaged .
then it was [found out] that birds such as pigeons and swifts have difficulty navigating if their sense of smell is damaged .

Very recently an even more spectacular occurrence was discovered , which is probably the world 's greatest synchronised natural event .
very recently an even more spectacular occurrence was [found out] , which is probably the world 's greatest synchronised natural event .

You should have discovered the following facts .
you should have [found out] the following facts .

When you have finally discovered the correct route write it down by giving the letters of the roads in the order you have used them .
when you have finally [found out] the correct route write it down by giving the letters of the roads in the order you have used them .

The facts you discovered in the last paragraph are very important and should be learnt .
the facts you [found out] in the last paragraph are very important and should be learnt .

After you have studied the see-saw problems you should have discovered an important rule about how to keep an equation in balance .
after you have studied the see-saw problems you should have [found out] an important rule about how to keep an equation in balance .

Stephanie did not like cut glass : she was of the generation that discovered the plain , the functional , the Finnish , Dartington .
stephanie did not like cut glass : she was of the generation that [found out] the plain , the functional , the finnish , dartington .

He discovered first that it ( like the fencing gloves ) had been painted in the wake of the Gauguin debacle and as a companion piece to the portrait of Gauguin 's empty chair ( `` Effect of Night `` ) .
he [found out] first that it ( like the fencing gloves ) had been painted in the wake of the gauguin debacle and as a companion piece to the portrait of gauguin 's empty chair ( `` effect of night `` ) .

Paragraph 21 exposes a gap , pointing out that an innocent acquisition followed by a dishonest decision to keep or dispose of the property was in general not larceny and that larceny by finding was committed only where at the time of the finding the finder believed that the owner could be discovered by taking reasonable steps .
paragraph 21 exposes a gap , pointing out that an innocent acquisition followed by a dishonest decision to keep or dispose of the property was in general not larceny and that larceny by finding was committed only where at the time of the finding the finder believed that the owner could be [found out] by taking reasonable steps .

From a herb border to a complete herb garden is not a very long step , and once the initial interest has been started with the planting of single plants here and there in the garden , it is not long before friends are giving one new species , other varieties are discovered at garden centres , and catalogues are found to list even more .
from a herb border to a complete herb garden is not a very long step , and once the initial interest has been started with the planting of single plants here and there in the garden , it is not long before friends are giving one new species , other varieties are [found out] at garden centres , and catalogues are found to list even more .

Some of them have been got at by the plant-breeders and bear no resemblance to the species or variety originally discovered ; some remain the same , being already sufficiently beautiful or useful .
some of them have been got at by the plant-breeders and bear no resemblance to the species or variety originally [found out] ; some remain the same , being already sufficiently beautiful or useful .

Broca discovered during post mortem examination of the brain of a patient who had been dysphasic that this area , now known as Broca 's area , was severely damaged .
broca [found out] during post mortem examination of the brain of a patient who had been dysphasic that this area , now known as broca 's area , was severely damaged .

We discovered that by making permanent changes to their usual diets individuals felt that their general health improved dramatically ; they felt far better mentally , and they managed to lose those ugly pounds of flesh that had been slowing them down and stubbing their ego .
we [found out] that by making permanent changes to their usual diets individuals felt that their general health improved dramatically ; they felt far better mentally , and they managed to lose those ugly pounds of flesh that had been slowing them down and stubbing their ego .

Do n't forget to record you weight loss for the week , and to make a note of the foods you discovered you felt well on .
do n't forget to record you weight loss for the week , and to make a note of the foods you [found out] you felt well on .

Once again this week you need to do the following in preparation for the " Grand Review " : review your weight loss record any reactions you experienced make a note of any foods you have discarded note the positive drinks or foods that you have discovered .
once again this week you need to do the following in preparation for the " grand review " : review your weight loss record any reactions you experienced make a note of any foods you have discarded note the positive drinks or foods that you have [found out] .

Then we discovered pen friends .
then we [found out] pen friends .

( d ) The massive body of historical research that has gone on throughout this century has gradually discovered new sources of information and refined our views of the early modern period , in all probability bringing them closer to the objective truth .
( d ) the massive body of historical research that has gone on throughout this century has gradually [found out] new sources of information and refined our views of the early modern period , in all probability bringing them closer to the objective truth .

The historian 's main points or ideas can usually be discovered in ( a ) the first and/or last paragraph of a chapter or section , ( b ) the first sentence of a paragraph — this is the key point for the paragraph and it is usually expressed in one sentence .
the historian 's main points or ideas can usually be [found out] in ( a ) the first and/or last paragraph of a chapter or section , ( b ) the first sentence of a paragraph — this is the key point for the paragraph and it is usually expressed in one sentence .

It 's not difficult to get pregnant , as many young girls have discovered , but nowadays the options have changed .
it 's not difficult to get pregnant , as many young girls have [found out] , but nowadays the options have changed .

Either he left when he discovered the pregnancy , or he had already gone , or the relationship had broken up in the first year or two after having the baby , when he had been unwilling or unable to settle down and take the responsibility .
either he left when he [found out] the pregnancy , or he had already gone , or the relationship had broken up in the first year or two after having the baby , when he had been unwilling or unable to settle down and take the responsibility .

Then she had been forced to leave when it was discovered that her real father was a white man .
then she had been forced to leave when it was [found out] that her real father was a white man .

Debbie , who has a daughter with spina bifida , had not had this test and only discovered her baby 's condition when she was nearly eight months pregnant .
debbie , who has a daughter with spina bifida , had not had this test and only [found out] her baby 's condition when she was nearly eight months pregnant .

brinks and discovered primrose coves
brinks and [found out] primrose coves

at last discovered , the elixir
at last [found out] , the elixir

The second stage was the construction of a fort ( ostrog ) in the centre of the newly discovered territory .
the second stage was the construction of a fort ( ostrog ) in the centre of the newly [found out] territory .

With an unprotected pump , they are soon whizzed heavenwards to be discovered later , if they are lucky little fish , as unexpected guests in your filter .
with an unprotected pump , they are soon whizzed heavenwards to be [found out] later , if they are lucky little fish , as unexpected guests in your filter .

The early French film-maker Georges Méliès is reputed to have discovered the magical properties of ‘ cutting ’ in-camera when , in 1896 , he was recording the flow of Parisian traffic ; he stopped and restarted the camera and later found that the scene had been transformed in an instant .
the early french film-maker georges méliès is reputed to have [found out] the magical properties of ‘ cutting ’ in-camera when , in 1896 , he was recording the flow of parisian traffic ; he stopped and restarted the camera and later found that the scene had been transformed in an instant .

‘ It is a country with opportunities , ’ said Steve : and off they went again , with their second-hand opinions , their echoes of overheard conversations , their phrases from advertisements and tabloid newspapers : and yet to Shirley there was perhaps something comfortable , despite all , something reassuring about the hands of cards , the button and matchstick money , the green baize of the table , the predictable , ancient jokes , the cigarette ends in the big red ashtray : there was safety here , of a sort , safety in repetition , safety in familiar faces and frustrations , and warmth of a sort , warmth and communion of a sort , society of a sort : the society she had discovered as a teenager , when she would slip surreptitiously out of the icy silence of Abercorn Avenue , where the clock ticked relentlessly on the kitchen wall , where Liz propped her textbooks against the Peek Frean biscuit tin on the kitchen table , where her mother sat in the front room listening to the radio , cutting up newspapers ; she would let herself quietly out of the back door and creep down the passage , past the outside lav , through the back gate , round the corner , and then she would run for it , along Hilldrop Crescent , down The Grove , up Brindleford Drive , and across the main road at the lights to Victoria Street , where Cliff and Steve and their sister Marge lived .
‘ it is a country with opportunities , ’ said steve : and off they went again , with their second-hand opinions , their echoes of overheard conversations , their phrases from advertisements and tabloid newspapers : and yet to shirley there was perhaps something comfortable , despite all , something reassuring about the hands of cards , the button and matchstick money , the green baize of the table , the predictable , ancient jokes , the cigarette ends in the big red ashtray : there was safety here , of a sort , safety in repetition , safety in familiar faces and frustrations , and warmth of a sort , warmth and communion of a sort , society of a sort : the society she had [found out] as a teenager , when she would slip surreptitiously out of the icy silence of abercorn avenue , where the clock ticked relentlessly on the kitchen wall , where liz propped her textbooks against the peek frean biscuit tin on the kitchen table , where her mother sat in the front room listening to the radio , cutting up newspapers ; she would let herself quietly out of the back door and creep down the passage , past the outside lav , through the back gate , round the corner , and then she would run for it , along hilldrop crescent , down the grove , up brindleford drive , and across the main road at the lights to victoria street , where cliff and steve and their sister marge lived .

And these questions pursued her , buzzing like mosquitoes , as she walked up Marylebone High Street with her briefcase , as she crossed the Edgware Road , as she joined the conference group for sherry in the Westminster Suite , as she discovered that Edgar had rightly warned her that conversing with Japanese was not easy , as she ate her indifferent luncheon of Maryland chicken , as she listened to Professor Yamamoto speak on Spenser 's reinterpretation of Freud 's interpretation of folie à deux in the classic case of Orphan Eva and her mother , as she delivered her own paper , as she attempted desperately to follow the ensuing discussion , of which she could grasp only one word in ten : all through this crazy jumble of non-language and misunderstanding , of erudition and impenetrable obscurity , of meaningless signs and uninterpretable eye contact , the mosquitoes buzzed and nipped and drew blood .
and these questions pursued her , buzzing like mosquitoes , as she walked up marylebone high street with her briefcase , as she crossed the edgware road , as she joined the conference group for sherry in the westminster suite , as she [found out] that edgar had rightly warned her that conversing with japanese was not easy , as she ate her indifferent luncheon of maryland chicken , as she listened to professor yamamoto speak on spenser 's reinterpretation of freud 's interpretation of folie à deux in the classic case of orphan eva and her mother , as she delivered her own paper , as she attempted desperately to follow the ensuing discussion , of which she could grasp only one word in ten : all through this crazy jumble of non-language and misunderstanding , of erudition and impenetrable obscurity , of meaningless signs and uninterpretable eye contact , the mosquitoes buzzed and nipped and drew blood .

Her own college , at first encounter , struck her as somewhat dimly conformist , with long brown corridors and an unexpectedly high proportion of young women apparently wrapped up in the triumphs of yesteryear on the hockey field or in the prefects ' Common Room , but even there she had discovered part of what she was looking for : in the persons of Liz Ablewhite ( now Headleand ) and Esther Breuer ( still Breuer ) she had discovered it , and rediscovered it there each time she met them , which was , these days , on average once a fortnight .
her own college , at first encounter , struck her as somewhat dimly conformist , with long brown corridors and an unexpectedly high proportion of young women apparently wrapped up in the triumphs of yesteryear on the hockey field or in the prefects ' common room , but even there she had [found out] part of what she was looking for : in the persons of liz ablewhite ( now headleand ) and esther breuer ( still breuer ) she had [found out] it , and rediscovered it there each time she met them , which was , these days , on average once a fortnight .

having found themselves for no good reason sitting together : Liz and Alix discovered that both came from Yorkshire , and that neither played lacrosse , nor had ever seen it being played , and Esther joined the discussion by volunteering that she had herself managed to avoid playing netball for the past three years on the grounds that she was too small .
having found themselves for no good reason sitting together : liz and alix [found out] that both came from yorkshire , and that neither played lacrosse , nor had ever seen it being played , and esther joined the discussion by volunteering that she had herself managed to avoid playing netball for the past three years on the grounds that she was too small .

Liz , like a pale convent girl too long mewed up , went wild in her first year , as she discovered the world of parties she had hitherto known only by reading and by hearsay : in those days , such was the imbalance between the sexes , women were much in demand as status symbols , as sleeping partners , as lovers , as party ballast , and Liz went out a great deal , her appearance improving dramatically as she did so .
liz , like a pale convent girl too long mewed up , went wild in her first year , as she [found out] the world of parties she had hitherto known only by reading and by hearsay : in those days , such was the imbalance between the sexes , women were much in demand as status symbols , as sleeping partners , as lovers , as party ballast , and liz went out a great deal , her appearance improving dramatically as she did so .

The distorting factors that have been discovered in scientific research have prompted extensive examination of past methods of research and of past results .
the distorting factors that have been [found out] in scientific research have prompted extensive examination of past methods of research and of past results .

Mistakes do occur and are not always promptly discovered .
mistakes do occur and are not always promptly [found out] .

When the sentence has been passed , possibly ( as the sentencer indicated in this case ) with the benefit of some mitigation , it is discovered that the means to pay either did not exist or have in one way or another disappeared .
when the sentence has been passed , possibly ( as the sentencer indicated in this case ) with the benefit of some mitigation , it is [found out] that the means to pay either did not exist or have in one way or another disappeared .

‘ We discovered a lot in the last year .
‘ we [found out] a lot in the last year .

By setting his move in the Thirties , and by turning that ambiguously seductive decade into what might be called a laide époque , Visconti discovered a necessary , hitherto unremarked fact about movie nostalgia : that it functions best when directly linked either to the history of the cinema ( as in The Damned , Helmut Berger 's Dietrich impersonation ) or history in the cinema ( newsreel footage , for example ) .
by setting his move in the thirties , and by turning that ambiguously seductive decade into what might be called a laide époque , visconti [found out] a necessary , hitherto unremarked fact about movie nostalgia : that it functions best when directly linked either to the history of the cinema ( as in the damned , helmut berger 's dietrich impersonation ) or history in the cinema ( newsreel footage , for example ) .

When there was time , the Princess and the movie star discovered they had nothing but lust in common .
when there was time , the princess and the movie star [found out] they had nothing but lust in common .

But somebody saved the best for last : when Christie cam out of the High Court with his windfall he discovered that this car , alone of all those in the road , had been clamped .
but somebody saved the best for last : when christie cam out of the high court with his windfall he [found out] that this car , alone of all those in the road , had been clamped .

The discovered self may not be pleasing to behold .
the [found out] self may not be pleasing to behold .

From this examination , the functions of institutions are discovered .
from this examination , the functions of institutions are [found out] .

The human-rights group hopes that the findings will discourage the proliferation of chemical weapons because of fear that their use will be discovered .
the human-rights group hopes that the findings will discourage the proliferation of chemical weapons because of fear that their use will be [found out] .

In a few months , he discovered the sufferings of the world , found his calling as an artist , met the woman he was to marry , and became Werner Bischof , one of the finest photographers of his time .
in a few months , he [found out] the sufferings of the world , found his calling as an artist , met the woman he was to marry , and became werner bischof , one of the finest photographers of his time .

He had always wanted to do something creative , but had so far failed to find a suitable medium — then he discovered photography .
he had always wanted to do something creative , but had so far failed to find a suitable medium — then he [found out] photography .

Again , the same physical object has been viewed before and after the solution of the puzzle , and presumably the image on the observer 's retina does not change at the moment the solution is found and the face discovered .
again , the same physical object has been viewed before and after the solution of the puzzle , and presumably the image on the observer 's retina does not change at the moment the solution is found and the face [found out] .

They can dispense with the claim that science must start with unbiased and unprejudiced observation by making a distinction between the way a theory is first thought of or discovered on the one hand , and the way in which it is justified or its merits assessed on the other .
they can dispense with the claim that science must start with unbiased and unprejudiced observation by making a distinction between the way a theory is first thought of or [found out] on the one hand , and the way in which it is justified or its merits assessed on the other .

This theory was threatened when it was discovered that many substances gain weight after combustion .
this theory was threatened when it was [found out] that many substances gain weight after combustion .

It was Galileo 's contemporary , Kepler , who contributed a major breakthrough in that direction when he discovered that each planetary orbit could be represented by a single ellipse , with the sun at one focus .
it was galileo 's contemporary , kepler , who contributed a major breakthrough in that direction when he [found out] that each planetary orbit could be represented by a single ellipse , with the sun at one focus .

According to the latter view , scientific knowledge grows continuously as more numerous and more various observations are made , enabling new concepts to be formed , old ones to be refined , and new lawful relationships between them to be discovered .
according to the latter view , scientific knowledge grows continuously as more numerous and more various observations are made , enabling new concepts to be formed , old ones to be refined , and new lawful relationships between them to be [found out] .

Migration is certainly related to the family life-cycle : House ( 1965 ) discovered in the North East that migration peaked in the late twenties ( when family commitments are fewest ) ; there was then a lull for about 15 years , and migration again became more important when family ties had been reduced as children grew up .
migration is certainly related to the family life-cycle : house ( 1965 ) [found out] in the north east that migration peaked in the late twenties ( when family commitments are fewest ) ; there was then a lull for about 15 years , and migration again became more important when family ties had been reduced as children grew up .

My own view is that the neuron 's ability to relay selective information to selected zones has greater possibilities than have yet been discovered by neurophysiologists .
my own view is that the neuron 's ability to relay selective information to selected zones has greater possibilities than have yet been [found out] by neurophysiologists .

The immanent method assumes that the ‘ truth ’ of a work is to be found within the work itself : or rather , it can be discovered by critical confrontation of the work 's ideal or concept — what it ‘ wants to be ’ — with its reality .
the immanent method assumes that the ‘ truth ’ of a work is to be found within the work itself : or rather , it can be [found out] by critical confrontation of the work 's ideal or concept — what it ‘ wants to be ’ — with its reality .

As Kenneth Clark states in his classic study The Nude : ‘ [ Artists ] have found it easier to compose harmoniously the larger units of a woman 's torso ; they have been grateful for its smoother transitions , and above all they have discovered analogies with satisfying geometrical forms , the oval , the ellipsoid and the sphere ’ .
as kenneth clark states in his classic study the nude : ‘ [ artists ] have found it easier to compose harmoniously the larger units of a woman 's torso ; they have been grateful for its smoother transitions , and above all they have [found out] analogies with satisfying geometrical forms , the oval , the ellipsoid and the sphere ’ .

By twice defeating the British invaders the creoles discovered their own strength .
by twice defeating the british invaders the creoles [found out] their own strength .

They also discovered the benefits of free trade ; pushing aside the objections of peninsular officials and Spanish merchants , they traded with British merchants who flocked to the River Plate .
they also [found out] the benefits of free trade ; pushing aside the objections of peninsular officials and spanish merchants , they traded with british merchants who flocked to the river plate .

Before the year was out four thousand prospectors had converged on the scene , to be joined in the following year by another hundred thousand , about five times the total white population of the state before gold was discovered there .
before the year was out four thousand prospectors had converged on the scene , to be joined in the following year by another hundred thousand , about five times the total white population of the state before gold was [found out] there .

Before the New World was discovered and Australian resources were opened up the only source of opals known was situated in the Libanka and Simonka mountains north of Kosice in eastern Slovakia .
before the new world was [found out] and australian resources were opened up the only source of opals known was situated in the libanka and simonka mountains north of kosice in eastern slovakia .

It was only when lapidaries had discovered how to release the fire of diamonds by cutting them at angles devised to admit and reflect the maximum amount of light that the coloured varieties of transparent stones were subjected to the same treatment .
it was only when lapidaries had [found out] how to release the fire of diamonds by cutting them at angles devised to admit and reflect the maximum amount of light that the coloured varieties of transparent stones were subjected to the same treatment .

India , mainly the eastern zone of the Deccan , held a monopoly in the supply of diamonds until stones were discovered in Brazil in 1725 and brought home to Portugal three years later .
india , mainly the eastern zone of the deccan , held a monopoly in the supply of diamonds until stones were [found out] in brazil in 1725 and brought home to portugal three years later .

For Soviet historians , the Russian revolution was the supreme vindication of the general laws of history discovered by Marx and creatively developed by Lenin .
for soviet historians , the russian revolution was the supreme vindication of the general laws of history [found out] by marx and creatively developed by lenin .

It made possible both Lenin 's defeat of revisionism and the adventurism of hot-headed figures such as Bogdanov , and the dissemination among advanced workers of the scientific understanding of the laws of history discovered by Marx and developed by Lenin .
it made possible both lenin 's defeat of revisionism and the adventurism of hot-headed figures such as bogdanov , and the dissemination among advanced workers of the scientific understanding of the laws of history [found out] by marx and developed by lenin .

When Leach discovered Jacqueline was sleeping with Tommy he moved back to his mother 's house in Slough , and at Easter , 1989 , Tommy moved into Jacqueline 's flat .
when leach [found out] jacqueline was sleeping with tommy he moved back to his mother 's house in slough , and at easter , 1989 , tommy moved into jacqueline 's flat .

Tommy and Iain journey back and forth between Wiltshire Lane and Hazeldene Drive , wondering what to do with Christopher 's body , and hoping it will not be discovered .
tommy and iain journey back and forth between wiltshire lane and hazeldene drive , wondering what to do with christopher 's body , and hoping it will not be [found out] .

The positivist view is that crime , along with all other natural and social phenomena , is caused by factors and processes which can be discovered by scientific investigation .
the positivist view is that crime , along with all other natural and social phenomena , is caused by factors and processes which can be [found out] by scientific investigation .

Marxists have discovered the state to be relatively autonomous and classes to be composed of ‘ class fractions ’ which seem to interact in a manner curiously reminiscent of the pluralist account .
marxists have [found out] the state to be relatively autonomous and classes to be composed of ‘ class fractions ’ which seem to interact in a manner curiously reminiscent of the pluralist account .

In 1817 Miloš discovered that Karadjordje himself was back in Serbian territory .
in 1817 miloš [found out] that karadjordje himself was back in serbian territory .

Bobo was in for a shock , however , for when he kicked open the door to Sam 's office , he discovered that the President had already taken the matter out of his hands , having blown his own brains out .
bobo was in for a shock , however , for when he kicked open the door to sam 's office , he [found out] that the president had already taken the matter out of his hands , having blown his own brains out .

It was then that she discovered that the balsa-wood screens which formed the walls could be folded open .
it was then that she [found out] that the balsa-wood screens which formed the walls could be folded open .

No civilisation under Imperial influence would have developed in such a direction ; it must be concluded therefore that they discovered the technology for themselves .
no civilisation under imperial influence would have developed in such a direction ; it must be concluded therefore that they [found out] the technology for themselves .

Excuse me , Lord , but parts of your planet are poisoned , although you may not yet have discovered that fact for yourselves .
excuse me , lord , but parts of your planet are poisoned , although you may not yet have [found out] that fact for yourselves .

He discovered that he was holding his breath , and gulped for air .
he [found out] that he was holding his breath , and gulped for air .

That was how Volkov had discovered the real implications of his release .
that was how volkov had [found out] the real implications of his release .

‘ You 're always serious , ’ Müller remarked . ‘ How is our friend Adolph ? Have you discovered why he has his headaches ? ’
‘ you 're always serious , ’ müller remarked . ‘ how is our friend adolph ? have you [found out] why he has his headaches ? ’

The drawer held various Russian documents and certificates , Lucy had discovered Irina 's passport , but there was no sign of Volkov 's .
the drawer held various russian documents and certificates , lucy had [found out] irina 's passport , but there was no sign of volkov 's .

By the time Cynthia had discovered that Harry Keynes , now twenty-one years old , was living in Kentucky in the United States , Dorothy had but a few days to live .
by the time cynthia had [found out] that harry keynes , now twenty-one years old , was living in kentucky in the united states , dorothy had but a few days to live .

And , ’ he warned , ‘ if you hide things and they are subsequently discovered , you lose credibility .
and , ’ he warned , ‘ if you hide things and they are subsequently [found out] , you lose credibility .

It is true that this is qualified by the North western Utilities case , but that decision does not apply to an occupier who neither knows nor could reasonably have discovered the existence of a danger created by his predecessor .
it is true that this is qualified by the north western utilities case , but that decision does not apply to an occupier who neither knows nor could reasonably have [found out] the existence of a danger created by his predecessor .

Even the use of a borrowed car for the transporting of uncustomed watches is a conversion of the car , for such conduct if discovered leads to the forfeiture of the car under the Customs and Excise Act 1952 and its consequent loss to the owner .
even the use of a borrowed car for the transporting of uncustomed watches is a conversion of the car , for such conduct if [found out] leads to the forfeiture of the car under the customs and excise act 1952 and its consequent loss to the owner .

Far from getting any title against him , the finder , if he appropriates the chattel , not only commits the tort of conversion , but is also guilty of the crime of theft unless he appropriates the chattel in the belief that the owner can not be discovered by taking reasonable steps .
far from getting any title against him , the finder , if he appropriates the chattel , not only commits the tort of conversion , but is also guilty of the crime of theft unless he appropriates the chattel in the belief that the owner can not be [found out] by taking reasonable steps .

Later , Julia discovered that the German army in question had been in South Africa and that Colonel Scotland 's appointment had ended some years before the Great War .
later , julia [found out] that the german army in question had been in south africa and that colonel scotland 's appointment had ended some years before the great war .

Expecting to meet a hard-faced predatory bitch after David 's warning , Julia discovered instead a delicately pretty fair-haired girl , who was obviously in love with her saturnine husband .
expecting to meet a hard-faced predatory bitch after david 's warning , julia [found out] instead a delicately pretty fair-haired girl , who was obviously in love with her saturnine husband .

When they went into dinner and she was sitting beside Peter Suvarov , Julia took pains to draw him out and discovered him to be quite as attractive a character as his wife .
when they went into dinner and she was sitting beside peter suvarov , julia took pains to draw him out and [found out] him to be quite as attractive a character as his wife .

Only when they actually got to know each other had he discovered that it was the idea of loving her that he had fallen for and not the girl herself .
only when they actually got to know each other had he [found out] that it was the idea of loving her that he had fallen for and not the girl herself .

Since then he had been attracted to several women , and discovered both the intoxicating pleasures offered by some of them and the speed with which fulfilled desire died .
since then he had been attracted to several women , and [found out] both the intoxicating pleasures offered by some of them and the speed with which fulfilled desire died .

On her way to the house she stopped off in the Campo San Maurizio to see if Annunziata had everything she needed for the dinner she was preparing to welcome Comfort , and discovered that the English post had arrived with a letter from George Wilson .
on her way to the house she stopped off in the campo san maurizio to see if annunziata had everything she needed for the dinner she was preparing to welcome comfort , and [found out] that the english post had arrived with a letter from george wilson .

All was apparently well until her brother followed her to Rome , discovered her whereabouts and threatened to kill both her and her ‘ half-German ’ baby .
all was apparently well until her brother followed her to rome , [found out] her whereabouts and threatened to kill both her and her ‘ half-german ’ baby .

Anthony 's regular enquiries of his colleagues around Italy had at last borne fruit and Annunziata 's son had been discovered in a Roman hospital recovering slowly from serious wounds to his head and spine .
anthony 's regular enquiries of his colleagues around italy had at last borne fruit and annunziata 's son had been [found out] in a roman hospital recovering slowly from serious wounds to his head and spine .

to be discovered in all innocence .
to be [found out] in all innocence .

Thus if all cancers discovered at necropsy were identified clinically and treated then 26 out of 27 patients would be treated unnecessarily because these tumours do not represent a threat to their lives .
thus if all cancers [found out] at necropsy were identified clinically and treated then 26 out of 27 patients would be treated unnecessarily because these tumours do not represent a threat to their lives .

Not surprisingly , there was a widespread uncertainty about what registration entailed , about whether they were eligible to register , and about whether it was relevant to their needs , as Cragg and Dawson ( 1984 ) also discovered .
not surprisingly , there was a widespread uncertainty about what registration entailed , about whether they were eligible to register , and about whether it was relevant to their needs , as cragg and dawson ( 1984 ) also [found out] .

Having applied his newspaper-research skills to hunting out pre–1800 references to the fame , he hankers after an opportunity to produce a researched , scholarly history of the game as a whole : ‘ There has n't been a proper history since Rowland Bowen 's , and a great deal has been discovered since then .
having applied his newspaper-research skills to hunting out pre–1800 references to the fame , he hankers after an opportunity to produce a researched , scholarly history of the game as a whole : ‘ there has n't been a proper history since rowland bowen 's , and a great deal has been [found out] since then .

Although new agents , often discovered empirically , are entering clinical trials , there is little sign of classic pharmacological approaches providing a breakthrough .
although new agents , often [found out] empirically , are entering clinical trials , there is little sign of classic pharmacological approaches providing a breakthrough .

Some had been referred by their general practitioners because of a report of cervical cytological abnormality , and in others a cytological abnormality had been discovered during gynaecological examination .
some had been referred by their general practitioners because of a report of cervical cytological abnormality , and in others a cytological abnormality had been [found out] during gynaecological examination .

So are the many coloured statues that rise either arrogantly , gracefully , or humorously above the fountains that are discovered in quiet corners and sleepy squares .
so are the many coloured statues that rise either arrogantly , gracefully , or humorously above the fountains that are [found out] in quiet corners and sleepy squares .

This was the route taken by Suworow 's army in 1799 when he discovered there was no road along the east shore of the Urner Lake ( along the line of the present day Axenstrasse ) from Altdorf .
this was the route taken by suworow 's army in 1799 when he [found out] there was no road along the east shore of the urner lake ( along the line of the present day axenstrasse ) from altdorf .

It would be unwise to come to any firm conclusion , remembering that the majority of those we know about are amongst the sandhills which are constantly being eroded by the winds which expose them , that the eastern part of the island down to Kildalton is largely deer forest which is rarely visited except by stalkers , that there are probably many more cists to be discovered .
it would be unwise to come to any firm conclusion , remembering that the majority of those we know about are amongst the sandhills which are constantly being eroded by the winds which expose them , that the eastern part of the island down to kildalton is largely deer forest which is rarely visited except by stalkers , that there are probably many more cists to be [found out] .

The New Statistical Account ( 1845 ) says `` During the last ten years , several stone coffins were discovered in the conical hills below Sunderland farm ; … some contained one or two urns of rudely formed unbaked clay ; others contained skulls and other human bones . ``
the new statistical account ( 1845 ) says `` during the last ten years , several stone coffins were [found out] in the conical hills below sunderland farm ; … some contained one or two urns of rudely formed unbaked clay ; others contained skulls and other human bones . ``

At Kilellan the area examined so far is only a part of a much more extensive settlement and there is certainly a lot still to be discovered .
at kilellan the area examined so far is only a part of a much more extensive settlement and there is certainly a lot still to be [found out] .

As the result of excavations a certain amount has been discovered about life in the pre-historic era , and much has been published .
as the result of excavations a certain amount has been [found out] about life in the pre-historic era , and much has been published .

Drink has always been a problem since men discovered how to distil and it is known that there were a great many small stills on the island .
drink has always been a problem since men [found out] how to distil and it is known that there were a great many small stills on the island .

As the result of excavations a certain amount has been discovered about life in the pre-historic era , and much has been published .
as the result of excavations a certain amount has been [found out] about life in the pre-historic era , and much has been published .

Drink has always been a problem since men discovered how to distil and it is known that there were a great many small stills on the island .
drink has always been a problem since men [found out] how to distil and it is known that there were a great many small stills on the island .

The revolutionary had to spread , methods of teaching had to be discovered — Ponce left no record of his technique — and teachers found .
the revolutionary had to spread , methods of teaching had to be [found out] — ponce left no record of his technique — and teachers found .

The tense relationship that Nizan discovered in Soviet society between alienating metaphysical anguish and political struggle and social construction is clearly reflected in his writings of this phase .
the tense relationship that nizan [found out] in soviet society between alienating metaphysical anguish and political struggle and social construction is clearly reflected in his writings of this phase .

Morris discovered the expressive potentials of photography while on an archaeological dig .
morris [found out] the expressive potentials of photography while on an archaeological dig .

But if we begin with the assumption , say , that there is at least one star in the heavens that never has been , or ever will be , discovered or talked about , then evidently no meaningful let alone true singular proposition can be produced in support of such an assumption , for no such object can be named .
but if we begin with the assumption , say , that there is at least one star in the heavens that never has been , or ever will be , [found out] or talked about , then evidently no meaningful let alone true singular proposition can be produced in support of such an assumption , for no such object can be named .

If tomorrow someone discovered that Atlantis actually existed , he would not be adding a new property to the island state talked about in Plato 's Timaeus , but dispelling the suspicion that Plato , or someone else before him , invented the legend .
if tomorrow someone [found out] that atlantis actually existed , he would not be adding a new property to the island state talked about in plato 's timaeus , but dispelling the suspicion that plato , or someone else before him , invented the legend .

Archaeological sites are often discovered by accident .
archaeological sites are often [found out] by accident .

Unless sites are discovered by accident ( when a new road cuts through a prehistoric cemetery , for example ) most methods of discovery do not locate sites with sufficient accuracy for excavation to take place with confidence .
unless sites are [found out] by accident ( when a new road cuts through a prehistoric cemetery , for example ) most methods of discovery do not locate sites with sufficient accuracy for excavation to take place with confidence .

It is a vital part of the written records that the exact place where every find was discovered is noted , particularly important because finds can yield a great deal of information .
it is a vital part of the written records that the exact place where every find was [found out] is noted , particularly important because finds can yield a great deal of information .

Excavation finds are given an identifying code number to record the layer in which they were discovered .
excavation finds are given an identifying code number to record the layer in which they were [found out] .

Finds which are not recovered during excavation , but are discovered by accident or are found on the surface of the ground during a field survey , are sometimes called stray finds .
finds which are not recovered during excavation , but are [found out] by accident or are found on the surface of the ground during a field survey , are sometimes called stray finds .

For this reason , it is most important to know exactly where each find was discovered .
for this reason , it is most important to know exactly where each find was [found out] .

Many aspects of the site , including dating , are revealed by its finds , and it is often necessary to compare finds with those discovered elsewhere .
many aspects of the site , including dating , are revealed by its finds , and it is often necessary to compare finds with those [found out] elsewhere .

As more artefacts were collected and more sites discovered and excavated , the need for some method of ordering the information became more urgent , and so developed the techniques of dating .
as more artefacts were collected and more sites [found out] and excavated , the need for some method of ordering the information became more urgent , and so developed the techniques of dating .

The result is often a very useful skeleton history of the region , but one which is constantly undergoing revision and correction as new information is discovered .
the result is often a very useful skeleton history of the region , but one which is constantly undergoing revision and correction as new information is [found out] .

In fact timbers rarely survive to be discovered on archaeological sites , and when they do they are not always in good enough condition to be used for dating ; furthermore , if they were part of timber structures and had been shaped , not enough of the ring pattern may survive .
in fact timbers rarely survive to be [found out] on archaeological sites , and when they do they are not always in good enough condition to be used for dating ; furthermore , if they were part of timber structures and had been shaped , not enough of the ring pattern may survive .

Many archaeological sites and finds are discovered by people as they are going about their everyday work .
many archaeological sites and finds are [found out] by people as they are going about their everyday work .

Although many go unrecognized , stray finds are more commonly discovered than sites , and every one is potentially important , adding to archaeological evidence , and perhaps leading to the discovery of a new site .
although many go unrecognized , stray finds are more commonly [found out] than sites , and every one is potentially important , adding to archaeological evidence , and perhaps leading to the discovery of a new site .

If an archaeological find is discovered , a detailed record of the circumstances of the discovery and the exact findspot should be compiled .
if an archaeological find is [found out] , a detailed record of the circumstances of the discovery and the exact findspot should be compiled .

If it has been discovered during the course of earth-moving for construction or other work , however , the site may be totally unknown ; in this case , it is important that local archaeologists are alerted as soon as possible , so that some kind of record of the site can be made before it is destroyed , or it may even be excavated if found to be important .
if it has been [found out] during the course of earth-moving for construction or other work , however , the site may be totally unknown ; in this case , it is important that local archaeologists are alerted as soon as possible , so that some kind of record of the site can be made before it is destroyed , or it may even be excavated if found to be important .

The towns they visited exuded an atmosphere of sinister disquiet ; very different was the Dominican monastery they discovered at Corbara .
the towns they visited exuded an atmosphere of sinister disquiet ; very different was the dominican monastery they [found out] at corbara .

The project ran into difficulties when we discovered that the forms of ‘ collaboration ’ being developed in the classrooms observed were more all pervasive yet apparently less structured and organised than had been anticipated .
the project ran into difficulties when we [found out] that the forms of ‘ collaboration ’ being developed in the classrooms observed were more all pervasive yet apparently less structured and organised than had been anticipated .

Perhaps the most important feature of the morning was that all the groups had discovered that there are definite skills to be used in interviewing .
perhaps the most important feature of the morning was that all the groups had [found out] that there are definite skills to be used in interviewing .

Many of the questions did not encourage informative or useful replies and in these cases pupils discovered they had not thought of enough questions or areas for inquiry in the time allocated .
many of the questions did not encourage informative or useful replies and in these cases pupils [found out] they had not thought of enough questions or areas for inquiry in the time allocated .

They wanted to present a collage of what they had discovered in the format of a modern day local radio programme .
they wanted to present a collage of what they had [found out] in the format of a modern day local radio programme .

They discovered that they had one area of 4 m 2 and two of 3 m 2 .
they [found out] that they had one area of 4 m 2 and two of 3 m 2 .

The place was too full of memories ; like the day she 'd discovered most kids had mothers , not just a Bran .
the place was too full of memories ; like the day she 'd [found out] most kids had mothers , not just a bran .

Violence has been discovered to exist within the family , evidenced by the refuges for battered women provided to help women escape from violent men with whom they lived .
violence has been [found out] to exist within the family , evidenced by the refuges for battered women provided to help women escape from violent men with whom they lived .

But Roberts discovered that it did not matter much where he grew up when he was driving through Southwark late one night on his way from work .
but roberts [found out] that it did not matter much where he grew up when he was driving through southwark late one night on his way from work .

He discovered that as a girl she had had a passion for Stendhal , so had he , and they talked about Julien Sorel and Tolstoi and Rimbaud .
he [found out] that as a girl she had had a passion for stendhal , so had he , and they talked about julien sorel and tolstoi and rimbaud .

In 1346 Archbishop Stratford was ordered to read to the clergy and laity assembled in St Paul 's churchyard a recently discovered Franco-Norman agreement ( actually concluded in 1339 ! )
in 1346 archbishop stratford was ordered to read to the clergy and laity assembled in st paul 's churchyard a recently [found out] franco-norman agreement ( actually concluded in 1339 ! )

These are words whose meaning can only be discovered by referring to other words or to elements of the context which are clear to both sender and receiver .
these are words whose meaning can only be [found out] by referring to other words or to elements of the context which are clear to both sender and receiver .

On one or two Pacific islands , the scrubfowl have discovered places where volcanic heat underground performs a similar service for them .
on one or two pacific islands , the scrubfowl have [found out] places where volcanic heat underground performs a similar service for them .

Only recently has it been discovered that they come to these special places to gather specific minerals such as kaolin which neutralise the poison they have absorbed from the seeds they eat at this season of the year .
only recently has it been [found out] that they come to these special places to gather specific minerals such as kaolin which neutralise the poison they have absorbed from the seeds they eat at this season of the year .

But if it is discovered and threatened , it twists its legs outwards and arches its back in such an extreme contortion that it suddenly and disconcertingly exposes its underside — and that is a vivid scarlet , a spectacular warning that its skin contains a burning poison .
but if it is [found out] and threatened , it twists its legs outwards and arches its back in such an extreme contortion that it suddenly and disconcertingly exposes its underside — and that is a vivid scarlet , a spectacular warning that its skin contains a burning poison .

Even fish have discovered how to work in teams .
even fish have [found out] how to work in teams .

But human beings discovered a long time ago that if the birds were taken away from their homes , they had an uncanny ability to return even across miles of territory that was totally unknown to them .
but human beings [found out] a long time ago that if the birds were taken away from their homes , they had an uncanny ability to return even across miles of territory that was totally unknown to them .

That is still not fully understood , but in recent years tiny particles of magnetic material have been discovered both in their skulls and their neck muscles .
that is still not fully understood , but in recent years tiny particles of magnetic material have been [found out] both in their skulls and their neck muscles .

Some eels may then have discovered the richness of food to be found in estuaries and rivers and started spending the main part of their lives there .
some eels may then have [found out] the richness of food to be found in estuaries and rivers and started spending the main part of their lives there .

This technique has been discovered independently by two different groups of birds — the weaverbirds of Africa which are closely related to the European sparrow , and the icterids of the Americas which include such birds as the caciques and the oropendolas .
this technique has been [found out] independently by two different groups of birds — the weaverbirds of africa which are closely related to the european sparrow , and the icterids of the americas which include such birds as the caciques and the oropendolas .

Engaging a Director proved far from easy as Verity Lambert discovered .
engaging a director proved far from easy as verity lambert [found out] .

We have not yet discovered much about you , Doctor , except that you are a fool .
we have not yet [found out] much about you , doctor , except that you are a fool .

Success was very limited until , in the summer of 1983 , a colleague discovered the secret .
success was very limited until , in the summer of 1983 , a colleague [found out] the secret .

The cliffs near our cottage , we discovered on the first day of that holiday , were wild and forbidding : of ancient , dark volcanic rock .
the cliffs near our cottage , we [found out] on the first day of that holiday , were wild and forbidding : of ancient , dark volcanic rock .

Expect the agency too , at least to have discovered that you like ballet or horse racing , though you have no right to expect either to be bought tickets for these entertainments or to be accompanied to them by your account executive .
expect the agency too , at least to have [found out] that you like ballet or horse racing , though you have no right to expect either to be bought tickets for these entertainments or to be accompanied to them by your account executive .

Once you have discovered this fact , it is rather easy to produce ‘ formula ’ ads .
once you have [found out] this fact , it is rather easy to produce ‘ formula ’ ads .

He never discovered how Uncle Titch was persuaded to give refuge to Mary Moxton and her hidden embryo .
he never [found out] how uncle titch was persuaded to give refuge to mary moxton and her hidden embryo .

Has he learned or discovered anything about himself during the past four years ?
has he learned or [found out] anything about himself during the past four years ?

Harry Enfield discovered opera a few years ago when a friend gave him a disc of highlights from ‘ La Traviata ’ .
harry enfield [found out] opera a few years ago when a friend gave him a disc of highlights from ‘ la traviata ’ .

Rose thought the girl had n't been eating enough until she unclasped the bracelet and discovered the pus-stained square of lint beneath .
rose thought the girl had n't been eating enough until she unclasped the bracelet and [found out] the pus-stained square of lint beneath .

He discovered the girl 's name was Stella and tried to engage her in gossip .
he [found out] the girl 's name was stella and tried to engage her in gossip .

He had been ‘ discovered ’ and signed to Virgin Publishing by a girl named Carol Wilson .
he had been ‘ [found out] ’ and signed to virgin publishing by a girl named carol wilson .

He had quickly discovered that this was not the case ; the biggest problem facing gay people was the attitude of ‘ straight ’ people , and the difficulty of meeting others of like mind .
he had quickly [found out] that this was not the case ; the biggest problem facing gay people was the attitude of ‘ straight ’ people , and the difficulty of meeting others of like mind .

It was Wilson who had ‘ discovered ’ the singer as an unknown in his native Newcastle , playing with a local group called Last Exit .
it was wilson who had ‘ [found out] ’ the singer as an unknown in his native newcastle , playing with a local group called last exit .

What he discovered was rather surprising .
what he [found out] was rather surprising .

Only when the plane landed was it discovered that there had been a compressor-blade failure in one of the engines .
only when the plane landed was it [found out] that there had been a compressor-blade failure in one of the engines .

Big business and politics , he had now discovered for himself , were inseparable bedfellows — a lesson he learnt with increasing frequency in the years to come .
big business and politics , he had now [found out] for himself , were inseparable bedfellows — a lesson he learnt with increasing frequency in the years to come .

She felt it and discovered that it was very soft and stretchy .
she felt it and [found out] that it was very soft and stretchy .

If the usual course had been followed it would have been discovered that there was no second statement , or at least none in Miss Tucker 's present lawyers ' possession .
if the usual course had been followed it would have been [found out] that there was no second statement , or at least none in miss tucker 's present lawyers ' possession .

After completion , the plaintiff discovered that Mr. Perot and his family had bought both Caliban and Vertigo .
after completion , the plaintiff [found out] that mr. perot and his family had bought both caliban and vertigo .

‘ the whole object of the section is to assimilate the practice in winding up to the practice in bankruptcy , which was established in order to enable assignees , who are now called trustees , in bankruptcy to find out facts before they brought an action , so as to avoid incurring the expense of some hundreds of pounds in bringing an unsuccessful action , when they might , by examining a witness or two , have discovered at a trifling expense that an action could not succeed .
‘ the whole object of the section is to assimilate the practice in winding up to the practice in bankruptcy , which was established in order to enable assignees , who are now called trustees , in bankruptcy to find out facts before they brought an action , so as to avoid incurring the expense of some hundreds of pounds in bringing an unsuccessful action , when they might , by examining a witness or two , have [found out] at a trifling expense that an action could not succeed .

When this was discovered the respondent was arrested on 19 October 1990 .
when this was [found out] the respondent was arrested on 19 october 1990 .

The words ‘ prevent ’ and ‘ independently ’ convey clearly to my mind that the prosecuting authorities regarded themselves as inhibited for all practical purposes from making use of material disclosed in consequence of the court order and that they felt free to pursue their own inquiries and to use material thereby discovered .
the words ‘ prevent ’ and ‘ independently ’ convey clearly to my mind that the prosecuting authorities regarded themselves as inhibited for all practical purposes from making use of material disclosed in consequence of the court order and that they felt free to pursue their own inquiries and to use material thereby [found out] .

The issue is a narrow one , namely whether on the true construction of section 9(4) of the Act of 1975 and in the light of the facts that ( a ) Dr. Hayes was a servant of the Crown at the time when he made his investigation into the Lockerbie disaster , ( b ) he has since retired from the service of the Crown , and ( c ) that the evidence sought relates to what he discovered when acting as such a servant , the court has any power to make the order sought .
the issue is a narrow one , namely whether on the true construction of section 9(4) of the act of 1975 and in the light of the facts that ( a ) dr. hayes was a servant of the crown at the time when he made his investigation into the lockerbie disaster , ( b ) he has since retired from the service of the crown , and ( c ) that the evidence sought relates to what he [found out] when acting as such a servant , the court has any power to make the order sought .

Features Editor James Boyd discovered this fact on his recent visit there ( see page 94 ) .
features editor james boyd [found out] this fact on his recent visit there ( see page 94 ) .

Several sailors have spent hours and even days under investigation by the Drug Squad after herbs in plastic bags or unmarked containers had been discovered on board .
several sailors have spent hours and even days under investigation by the drug squad after herbs in plastic bags or unmarked containers had been [found out] on board .

Almost immediately afterwards Joanna discovered that she was pregnant , but the arrival of William in June did n't cause a change of plan .
almost immediately afterwards joanna [found out] that she was pregnant , but the arrival of william in june did n't cause a change of plan .

He ordered the tomb of Cyrus at Pasargadear to be well preserved , and he was infuriated when he later discovered that it had been vandalized .
he ordered the tomb of cyrus at pasargadear to be well preserved , and he was infuriated when he later [found out] that it had been vandalized .

When she discovered also that Persian was written from right to left , she became convinced that his eyesight would suffer irreparable damage .
when she [found out] also that persian was written from right to left , she became convinced that his eyesight would suffer irreparable damage .

Oil was discovered in the south-west in 1908 and the Anglo-Persian Oil Company was founded the following year .
oil was [found out] in the south-west in 1908 and the anglo-persian oil company was founded the following year .

Over the last few years , however , many detectorists have discovered new areas , particularly from the Celtic and Saxon periods .
over the last few years , however , many detectorists have [found out] new areas , particularly from the celtic and saxon periods .

Having assessed the responses to that paper , we concluded that the best way forward was to strengthen the 1979 Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act to make it an offence to remove finds from scheduled sites whether or not they were discovered by means of a metal detector .
having assessed the responses to that paper , we concluded that the best way forward was to strengthen the 1979 ancient monuments and archaeological areas act to make it an offence to remove finds from scheduled sites whether or not they were [found out] by means of a metal detector .

Peter Jenkinson , Head of Walsall 's Museums and Art Galleries commented : ‘ When we launched the first show three years ago , we were amazed at the amount of secret collectors we discovered behind ordinary people 's front doors . It was also surprising to see the incredible range of items that they collect ’
peter jenkinson , head of walsall 's museums and art galleries commented : ‘ when we launched the first show three years ago , we were amazed at the amount of secret collectors we [found out] behind ordinary people 's front doors . it was also surprising to see the incredible range of items that they collect ’

Anyone delving into the local archaeology and history of the West Kennet long barrow will quickly discover that it is one of the largest ever discovered and also one of the best-preserved Neolithic burial chambers in Britain .
anyone delving into the local archaeology and history of the west kennet long barrow will quickly discover that it is one of the largest ever [found out] and also one of the best-preserved neolithic burial chambers in britain .

There was absolutely nothing to indicate that Danny had discovered the brief , often lethal , high , which inhaling air freshener spray can give .
there was absolutely nothing to indicate that danny had [found out] the brief , often lethal , high , which inhaling air freshener spray can give .

Early in her teens she discovered drugs and solvents .
early in her teens she [found out] drugs and solvents .

We 'd just moved in when we discovered we had a mouse in the kitchen .
we 'd just moved in when we [found out] we had a mouse in the kitchen .

Courtship , he discovered , typically involved several stages , and can take up to five minutes .
courtship , he [found out] , typically involved several stages , and can take up to five minutes .

6 You 've just discovered an animal new to science . What sort of scientific name will you give it ?
6 you 've just [found out] an animal new to science . what sort of scientific name will you give it ?

New discovered species of parrot .
new [found out] species of parrot .

It was only three nights later that we discovered they were tiny insects .
it was only three nights later that we [found out] they were tiny insects .

Mood-altering substances or behaviours may be discovered by the individual sufferer specifically to alleviate the disorder of mood or to provide a sense of elation .
mood-altering substances or behaviours may be [found out] by the individual sufferer specifically to alleviate the disorder of mood or to provide a sense of elation .

This approach can never tell us that there are no more ( even more subtle ) equivalences waiting to be discovered .
this approach can never tell us that there are no more ( even more subtle ) equivalences waiting to be [found out] .

And while her friends discovered clothes and boys , Odette wondered whether she 'd ever share the same experiences .
and while her friends [found out] clothes and boys , odette wondered whether she 'd ever share the same experiences .

Peter left school and got himself a sales job but he was discovered stealing from a customer .
peter left school and got himself a sales job but he was [found out] stealing from a customer .

When the Islamic authorities discovered this , he was charged with heresy , refused to recant , and was crucified in Kano market place thirty years before a Christian preacher arrived in the country .
when the islamic authorities [found out] this , he was charged with heresy , refused to recant , and was crucified in kano market place thirty years before a christian preacher arrived in the country .

Alexander Fleming discovered it quite early in the twentieth century .
alexander fleming [found out] it quite early in the twentieth century .

Einstein , himself something of a mystic , discovered that time collapses into a ‘ point ’ at the speed of light and was aware that Indian sacred texts — the Tantras — maintain that the soul is a sublime point of the light of consciousness .
einstein , himself something of a mystic , [found out] that time collapses into a ‘ point ’ at the speed of light and was aware that indian sacred texts — the tantras — maintain that the soul is a sublime point of the light of consciousness .

When Columbus reached America he had been trying to find India ; when Glass discovered the music of India he found his new world .
when columbus reached america he had been trying to find india ; when glass [found out] the music of india he found his new world .

Founder Gary Withers discovered that the timesheet system was annoying his 200 staff , he gathered all the offending papers and ceremoniously burnt them in the car park .
founder gary withers [found out] that the timesheet system was annoying his 200 staff , he gathered all the offending papers and ceremoniously burnt them in the car park .

It had , he thought ruefully , been good for his self-conceit to find that her devotion did n't , after all , extend to leaving London where , surprisingly , she had been discovered to have a life of her own , to join him in the fens .
it had , he thought ruefully , been good for his self-conceit to find that her devotion did n't , after all , extend to leaving london where , surprisingly , she had been [found out] to have a life of her own , to join him in the fens .

Similarly , the Transport 2000 group , which has done a great deal of work on this matter , has discovered beyond doubt that the interests of consumers in England and Wales have not been protected by privatisation .
similarly , the transport 2000 group , which has done a great deal of work on this matter , has [found out] beyond doubt that the interests of consumers in england and wales have not been protected by privatisation .

Meanwhile an alternative way of achieving variety within unity had been discovered in Spain .
meanwhile an alternative way of achieving variety within unity had been [found out] in spain .

Bedsitter accommodation was eventually provided but in the course of the investigation by the social work department it was discovered that in addition to Jim 's persistent truancy , he was also staying away from home , sleeping rough for days at a time .
bedsitter accommodation was eventually provided but in the course of the investigation by the social work department it was [found out] that in addition to jim 's persistent truancy , he was also staying away from home , sleeping rough for days at a time .

Delamont ( 1980 ) in her case-study of a comprehensive school discovered that ‘ the more teachers tried to make the lesson material relevant and immediate to the pupils , the more likely they were to make sexist assumptions and remarks ’ ( p. 54 ) .
delamont ( 1980 ) in her case-study of a comprehensive school [found out] that ‘ the more teachers tried to make the lesson material relevant and immediate to the pupils , the more likely they were to make sexist assumptions and remarks ’ ( p. 54 ) .

They also say that they have discovered that this tends to produce two dramatically opposed views .
they also say that they have [found out] that this tends to produce two dramatically opposed views .

Shortly after moving to Wales , Bernard , who was continually having trouble with the finely tuned engine of his Lotus Elite , had discovered a motor club .
shortly after moving to wales , bernard , who was continually having trouble with the finely tuned engine of his lotus elite , had [found out] a motor club .

Sixteen-year-old Sara Freeman liked to spend Saturday afternoon shopping and had just discovered the new shop in Fulham Road .
sixteen-year-old sara freeman liked to spend saturday afternoon shopping and had just [found out] the new shop in fulham road .

Once Laura went into the Paris shop and discovered a simple dress with drop waist and wide pleats , which she hated .
once laura went into the paris shop and [found out] a simple dress with drop waist and wide pleats , which she hated .

However , when Laura discovered a reference to the border in a telex , she immediately confronted Phil .
however , when laura [found out] a reference to the border in a telex , she immediately confronted phil .

One of the first attempts to treat the effluent involved building a small lagoon , the idea for which Dai discovered in a book .
one of the first attempts to treat the effluent involved building a small lagoon , the idea for which dai [found out] in a book .

Under a dry bank in a nearby field he discovered a spring .
under a dry bank in a nearby field he [found out] a spring .

When she discovered , in the summer of 1977 , that 5,500 metres of plain cloth was ‘ hanging about in Helmond and they do n't know what to do with it ’ , she was appalled and gave orders for it to be made up into suitable garments immediately .
when she [found out] , in the summer of 1977 , that 5,500 metres of plain cloth was ‘ hanging about in helmond and they do n't know what to do with it ’ , she was appalled and gave orders for it to be made up into suitable garments immediately .

Once she turned a pattern on its side and discovered it could be viewed as a swastika ; it was therefore rejected .
once she turned a pattern on its side and [found out] it could be viewed as a swastika ; it was therefore rejected .

Since the episode with Stephanie yesterday she 'd discovered that she was instantly suspicious of most suggestions made by Roman .
since the episode with stephanie yesterday she 'd [found out] that she was instantly suspicious of most suggestions made by roman .

She met another man she knew and was dancing with him when Antonio discovered her , whereupon he was heard by onlookers to curse the moon for trusting in his fiancée 's purity .
she met another man she knew and was dancing with him when antonio [found out] her , whereupon he was heard by onlookers to curse the moon for trusting in his fiancée 's purity .

They 'd even discovered the unlikeliest things in common — a liking for potted shrimps and piano concertos , an aversion to veal and Wagner .
they 'd even [found out] the unlikeliest things in common — a liking for potted shrimps and piano concertos , an aversion to veal and wagner .

If she did a little surreptitious investigating , and discovered something …
if she did a little surreptitious investigating , and [found out] something …

Searching round for where she 'd put her champagne glass , she discovered it on a wrought-iron table behind her .
searching round for where she 'd put her champagne glass , she [found out] it on a wrought-iron table behind her .

Her fingers reached up to entwine in the clean curl of his black hair , every part of her aching shamelessly to be discovered and touched , by this one man who could whip up a storm in her heart …
her fingers reached up to entwine in the clean curl of his black hair , every part of her aching shamelessly to be [found out] and touched , by this one man who could whip up a storm in her heart …

‘ Now that you 've discovered my secret store of ‘ smuggled ’ loot , there 's no alternative , is there ?
‘ now that you 've [found out] my secret store of ‘ smuggled ’ loot , there 's no alternative , is there ?

Whatever he was up to , whatever his intentions towards her , at least she 'd just discovered something about her feelings towards him .
whatever he was up to , whatever his intentions towards her , at least she 'd just [found out] something about her feelings towards him .

As Charles had discovered , she knew about the Sally Nash party photographs .
as charles had [found out] , she knew about the sally nash party photographs .

The basic information they needed had been discovered more than two centuries before .
the basic information they needed had been [found out] more than two centuries before .

Yet , when one of the local farmers , grinding the bony soil of a resisting field , felt the earth give way and drop him into a narrow grave , and discovered there a store of gravegoods disposed around the human remains , the interval of the centuries seemed to close .
yet , when one of the local farmers , grinding the bony soil of a resisting field , felt the earth give way and drop him into a narrow grave , and [found out] there a store of gravegoods disposed around the human remains , the interval of the centuries seemed to close .

The seed corn left to accompany the dead could sprout again — as a boy , he had heard reports of successful experiments on damp rags in the dark — the coins for the ferryman , fallen among the collapsed lips and tongueless jawbones of the discovered dead , could be buffed and brightened until the curls in the hair of Demeter , caught up in rich ropes under a garland of corn floating with ribbons , gleamed glossily again , and the Cupid on Riba 's emblematic ship , facing out to sea with his drawn bow over the whorl of the prow , stood out in silver against the duller ground .
the seed corn left to accompany the dead could sprout again — as a boy , he had heard reports of successful experiments on damp rags in the dark — the coins for the ferryman , fallen among the collapsed lips and tongueless jawbones of the [found out] dead , could be buffed and brightened until the curls in the hair of demeter , caught up in rich ropes under a garland of corn floating with ribbons , gleamed glossily again , and the cupid on riba 's emblematic ship , facing out to sea with his drawn bow over the whorl of the prow , stood out in silver against the duller ground .

When it came to make-believe , he preferred opera , for in opera a knave in disguise is quickly discovered , and is unambiguously a knave , nor is the matter of a song a lie from start to finish .
when it came to make-believe , he preferred opera , for in opera a knave in disguise is quickly [found out] , and is unambiguously a knave , nor is the matter of a song a lie from start to finish .

Nylon made a great impact on the textile industry when it was first discovered .
nylon made a great impact on the textile industry when it was first [found out] .

It will be easiest to explain the principles of heredity with the traits in which they were originally discovered , and only then to turn to behaviour .
it will be easiest to explain the principles of heredity with the traits in which they were originally [found out] , and only then to turn to behaviour .

Such is the cycle of any one burrow ; but , the Baerends discovered , a female may work on two or three burrows at a time .
such is the cycle of any one burrow ; but , the baerends [found out] , a female may work on two or three burrows at a time .

Most signals have been discovered by simply watching the behaviour of interacting animals .
most signals have been [found out] by simply watching the behaviour of interacting animals .

The autonomic nervous system was not discovered until after Darwin 's work .
the autonomic nervous system was not [found out] until after darwin 's work .

The first thing he discovered was that Newley had not died accidentally .
the first thing he [found out] was that newley had not died accidentally .

Just as he discovered it was yet another Mars Bar wrapper , he slipped and pitched forward .
just as he [found out] it was yet another mars bar wrapper , he slipped and pitched forward .

He touched the fresh paint on the frame and made a face when he discovered it was still tacky .
he touched the fresh paint on the frame and made a face when he [found out] it was still tacky .

Two tissues discovered in the vicinity showed traces of her mucus and her saliva .
two tissues [found out] in the vicinity showed traces of her mucus and her saliva .

Gleizes writes , ‘ it was at this moment , October 1910 , that we discovered each other seriously , including Robert Delaunay … and that we realized what we had in common .
gleizes writes , ‘ it was at this moment , october 1910 , that we [found out] each other seriously , including robert delaunay … and that we realized what we had in common .

Vlaminck always insisted that he was the first to have ‘ discovered ’ African or Negro sculpture ( and he and his contemporaries used the term ‘ art negre ’ generically to cover not only African but also Polynesian art and indeed any tribal art at all that came their way ) and his claim was to pass into legend , although Gauguin himself possibly owned examples of African as well as Polynesian sculpture .
vlaminck always insisted that he was the first to have ‘ [found out] ’ african or negro sculpture ( and he and his contemporaries used the term ‘ art negre ’ generically to cover not only african but also polynesian art and indeed any tribal art at all that came their way ) and his claim was to pass into legend , although gauguin himself possibly owned examples of african as well as polynesian sculpture .

Matisse , as has been seen , had for the past years been turning to the work of Cézanne for inspiration , and by 1906 Derain was looking at his work also , so that it was only natural that Braque , who had discovered Fauvism through them , should once again follow their example , although he was already well acquainted with Cézanne 's work .
matisse , as has been seen , had for the past years been turning to the work of cézanne for inspiration , and by 1906 derain was looking at his work also , so that it was only natural that braque , who had [found out] fauvism through them , should once again follow their example , although he was already well acquainted with cézanne 's work .

Dorian had discovered an old , dirty theatre in a poor street in London .
dorian had [found out] an old , dirty theatre in a poor street in london .

Although he had told his own secret , he had not discovered Dorian 's secret .
although he had told his own secret , he had not [found out] dorian 's secret .

This Act has been used successfully by motorists , who have discovered that they had been deceived about the previous mileage covered by a second-hand car .
this act has been used successfully by motorists , who have [found out] that they had been deceived about the previous mileage covered by a second-hand car .

The three categories are very broad , as Joan Woodward and her researchers discovered in the 1950 's during their work on industrial organization in Essex ( See Chapter 13 paras .
the three categories are very broad , as joan woodward and her researchers [found out] in the 1950 's during their work on industrial organization in essex ( see chapter 13 paras .

But he had discovered that-joining the police had , for one reason or another , cut him off very largely from his old source of supply .
but he had [found out] that-joining the police had , for one reason or another , cut him off very largely from his old source of supply .

Sellers and Jones ( 1973 ) point out that , ‘ the deterioration of the environment was discovered by the news media sometime in 1969 ' ( figure 1.2 ) .
sellers and jones ( 1973 ) point out that , ‘ the deterioration of the environment was [found out] by the news media sometime in 1969 ' ( figure 1.2 ) .

One could not predict creatures not yet discovered , for the natural systems had no neat arithmetical basis like Linnaeus ' ; and anyone contemplating the system set out in Cuvier might feel ( with King Alfonso of Castile on Ptolemaic astronomy ) that if God had consulted him , he would have recommended something simpler .
one could not predict creatures not yet [found out] , for the natural systems had no neat arithmetical basis like linnaeus ' ; and anyone contemplating the system set out in cuvier might feel ( with king alfonso of castile on ptolemaic astronomy ) that if god had consulted him , he would have recommended something simpler .

Given agreed formulae and atomic weights , the Periodic Table was waiting to be discovered ; Mendeleev 's contribution was to stake his reputation on it , and to see its power .
given agreed formulae and atomic weights , the periodic table was waiting to be [found out] ; mendeleev 's contribution was to stake his reputation on it , and to see its power .

The close relationship of light and radiant heat was discovered at the turn of the century in infra-red radiation , and that between light and chemical affinity in the ultra-violet rays which will set off reactions .
the close relationship of light and radiant heat was [found out] at the turn of the century in infra-red radiation , and that between light and chemical affinity in the ultra-violet rays which will set off reactions .

As pumps improved , Crookes got lower pressures than Faraday had been able to do ; and eventually he discovered cathode rays , which he interpreted as this fourth state .
as pumps improved , crookes got lower pressures than faraday had been able to do ; and eventually he [found out] cathode rays , which he interpreted as this fourth state .

When she was ten years old she discovered that she had a past .
when she was ten years old she [found out] that she had a past .

Léonie had discovered that , without ever having been taught a single rule of grammar , she spoke the language perfectly .
léonie had [found out] that , without ever having been taught a single rule of grammar , she spoke the language perfectly .

Inside the first attic , Léonie had discovered , if you fumbled your way through the dusty darkness to what seemed a cupboard on the far side , you found , within this , a ladder clamped to the wall that led to a trapdoor and thence to a bit of flat roof .
inside the first attic , léonie had [found out] , if you fumbled your way through the dusty darkness to what seemed a cupboard on the far side , you found , within this , a ladder clamped to the wall that led to a trapdoor and thence to a bit of flat roof .

They would be distraught if they discovered that now she and Thérèse knew .
they would be distraught if they [found out] that now she and thérèse knew .

‘ But it is not really so very difficult , ’ said Snodgrass , after he was hoisted into the saddle and discovered how to take up the reins .
‘ but it is not really so very difficult , ’ said snodgrass , after he was hoisted into the saddle and [found out] how to take up the reins .

Indeed , at almost every turn , as central government has imposed new financial controls , local authorities have discovered loopholes and managed largely to avoid the intended consequences .
indeed , at almost every turn , as central government has imposed new financial controls , local authorities have [found out] loopholes and managed largely to avoid the intended consequences .

Then he dozed in an armchair for a few hours , until he was too cold and stiff to bear it any longer , when he got up and made tea for everyone , and discovered that there was nothing to eat for breakfast .
then he dozed in an armchair for a few hours , until he was too cold and stiff to bear it any longer , when he got up and made tea for everyone , and [found out] that there was nothing to eat for breakfast .

The preparations for The Human Angle , Dyson discovered , were going forward in a room on the first floor furnished with a sea-blue fitted carpet , a number of discreetly abstract paintings , and a walnut sideboard .
the preparations for the human angle , dyson [found out] , were going forward in a room on the first floor furnished with a sea-blue fitted carpet , a number of discreetly abstract paintings , and a walnut sideboard .

He liked them , he discovered .
he liked them , he [found out] .

Dyson discovered that he wanted the young man to know where it was more than he wanted him not to know .
dyson [found out] that he wanted the young man to know where it was more than he wanted him not to know .

Tessa had subdued the two boys , Bob discovered with relief and admiration when he went out to the living-room .
tessa had subdued the two boys , bob [found out] with relief and admiration when he went out to the living-room .

It was in this way that he discovered that not all Morris 's application with the typewriter was devoted to ‘ In Years Gone By .
it was in this way that he [found out] that not all morris 's application with the typewriter was devoted to ‘ in years gone by .

The octopus , he discovered , could learn to distinguish such shapes and patterns and avoid those coupled with the unpleasant experience .
the octopus , he [found out] , could learn to distinguish such shapes and patterns and avoid those coupled with the unpleasant experience .

But he died without knowing it , and the true significance of the peptides was discovered by others without reference to his premature and misinterpreted finding .
but he died without knowing it , and the true significance of the peptides was [found out] by others without reference to his premature and misinterpreted finding .

But what after all should a biochemistry of memory be about , and how would one know if one was discovered — that is , what sort of biochemical answer might prove convincing to both biochemists and to psychologists ?
but what after all should a biochemistry of memory be about , and how would one know if one was [found out] — that is , what sort of biochemical answer might prove convincing to both biochemists and to psychologists ?

Back at the end of the nineteenth century , the Milanese anatomist Camillo Golgi had discovered almost by chance a stain , based on the use of silver salts , which has the capacity to select out , seemingly at random , a small proportion of the neurons in a section of tissue and stain each immaculately , revealing every last detail not just of its cell body but also the dendrites and even the myriad little spines which stud the dendrites ' surfaces .
back at the end of the nineteenth century , the milanese anatomist camillo golgi had [found out] almost by chance a stain , based on the use of silver salts , which has the capacity to select out , seemingly at random , a small proportion of the neurons in a section of tissue and stain each immaculately , revealing every last detail not just of its cell body but also the dendrites and even the myriad little spines which stud the dendrites ' surfaces .

Among 105 species of maritime and continental antarctic mosses ( Smith 1984 ) only a few are currently regarded as endemic , and the number declines as ‘ antarctic ’ species are discovered in South America and elsewhere .
among 105 species of maritime and continental antarctic mosses ( smith 1984 ) only a few are currently regarded as endemic , and the number declines as ‘ antarctic ’ species are [found out] in south america and elsewhere .

As new lands were discovered , rights to exploit inshore fish , seals and other assets were sometimes claimed along with the territory , but neither policing nor management were usually practicable .
as new lands were [found out] , rights to exploit inshore fish , seals and other assets were sometimes claimed along with the territory , but neither policing nor management were usually practicable .

Life , Blanche soon discovered , had given him few reasons to do so .
life , blanche soon [found out] , had given him few reasons to do so .

Blanche and Dexter knew Mills had recovered from his deep financial difficulties the year before and the accountant had at last discovered how : substantial payments had been paid into Mills ' Swiss bank account in the months leading up to his death .
blanche and dexter knew mills had recovered from his deep financial difficulties the year before and the accountant had at last [found out] how : substantial payments had been paid into mills ' swiss bank account in the months leading up to his death .

She knew there was a reason behind Christine 's nagging phone calls and now she had discovered it : a guilty conscience .
she knew there was a reason behind christine 's nagging phone calls and now she had [found out] it : a guilty conscience .

The friend answered and a note of panic entered his voice when he discovered who it was .
the friend answered and a note of panic entered his voice when he [found out] who it was .

About fifty metres from the car she discovered a passageway which sliced between the terraces .
about fifty metres from the car she [found out] a passageway which sliced between the terraces .

She felt this even more strongly when the news began to come to England of the concentration camps that were discovered when the troops swept through Germany .
she felt this even more strongly when the news began to come to england of the concentration camps that were [found out] when the troops swept through germany .

He attached a judicial password to the file , saved it , pocketed both crystal and reader , and began to think hard about the information he 'd discovered .
he attached a judicial password to the file , saved it , pocketed both crystal and reader , and began to think hard about the information he 'd [found out] .

Some time later , Krau Ace discovered the crystal and accused the Doctor of manipulating Paula 's suicide .
some time later , krau ace [found out] the crystal and accused the doctor of manipulating paula 's suicide .

She needed to know that you loved her ; so you told her all about the new drugs she could get from the Arcturans , or the huge advances in radiation treatment since rho mesons had been discovered .
she needed to know that you loved her ; so you told her all about the new drugs she could get from the arcturans , or the huge advances in radiation treatment since rho mesons had been [found out] .

It looked as if they had discovered a minefield .
it looked as if they had [found out] a minefield .

The first of these circumstances was the arrival of an envelope , which she discovered on the hall mat on her return from school .
the first of these circumstances was the arrival of an envelope , which she [found out] on the hall mat on her return from school .

What would she do if she were to be discovered ?
what would she do if she were to be [found out] ?

Johnson , it seems , began to regale the table concerning some extraordinary creature recently discovered in New South Wales , and began to imitate the animal , the kangaroo .
johnson , it seems , began to regale the table concerning some extraordinary creature recently [found out] in new south wales , and began to imitate the animal , the kangaroo .

What a pity the kangaroo had been discovered too late for Johnson s Dictionary : Captain Cook makes the first reference to it three years earlier , in his Journal for August 1770 .
what a pity the kangaroo had been [found out] too late for johnson s dictionary : captain cook makes the first reference to it three years earlier , in his journal for august 1770 .

‘ For some mysterious reasons , which have never been discovered , she was seized and carried off in the dark , she knew not by whom .
‘ for some mysterious reasons , which have never been [found out] , she was seized and carried off in the dark , she knew not by whom .

In the 1960s , the Soviet Union rapidly discovered that its connection with Cuba led to the complication and distortion of its relations with other Latin American nations at the same time as it presented them with new opportunities in the region .
in the 1960s , the soviet union rapidly [found out] that its connection with cuba led to the complication and distortion of its relations with other latin american nations at the same time as it presented them with new opportunities in the region .

Where Amanda discovered in the world divine intent , benevolent order and rigorous justice , her father had seen only chaos , hazard and malice .
where amanda [found out] in the world divine intent , benevolent order and rigorous justice , her father had seen only chaos , hazard and malice .

The impulse proved at first a happy one , for in the graveyard Miss Fergusson discovered tombstones and crosses whose Celtic air recalled those of her native Ireland ; a smile of approval crossed her dutiful features .
the impulse proved at first a happy one , for in the graveyard miss fergusson [found out] tombstones and crosses whose celtic air recalled those of her native ireland ; a smile of approval crossed her dutiful features .

The sailors , expecting a large fish or perhaps a shark , slit open the paunch and discovered James Bartley : unconscious , his face , neck and hands bleached white by the gastric fluids , but still alive .
the sailors , expecting a large fish or perhaps a shark , slit open the paunch and [found out] james bartley : unconscious , his face , neck and hands bleached white by the gastric fluids , but still alive .

Some years after Bovary had been cleared , Pinard was discovered to be the anonymous author of a collection of priapic verses .
some years after bovary had been cleared , pinard was [found out] to be the anonymous author of a collection of priapic verses .

It is eventually discovered that they are from the ageing Frenchman Bertrand .
it is eventually [found out] that they are from the ageing frenchman bertrand .

In a recent essay she claims to have had a strong sense of déjá-vu upon first reading theories of post-structuralism and postmodernism , for though she had never been able to articulate them clearly in conceptual form , she had discovered many of the concepts these theories present through writing fiction ( 1991a:165 ) .
in a recent essay she claims to have had a strong sense of déjá-vu upon first reading theories of post-structuralism and postmodernism , for though she had never been able to articulate them clearly in conceptual form , she had [found out] many of the concepts these theories present through writing fiction ( 1991a:165 ) .

Their secret is soon discovered , however , when the local nuclear waste storage facility where their father works as a physicist records mysterious disappearances of radioactive materials .
their secret is soon [found out] , however , when the local nuclear waste storage facility where their father works as a physicist records mysterious disappearances of radioactive materials .

The conceit of the ‘ found document ’ , discovered , preserved , and presented to the public by an ‘ editor ’ was a justification no longer necessary in the nineteenth century when the novel was firmly established as a genre .
the conceit of the ‘ found document ’ , [found out] , preserved , and presented to the public by an ‘ editor ’ was a justification no longer necessary in the nineteenth century when the novel was firmly established as a genre .

The police inspector who investigates the terrorist attack turns out to be none other than Columbo , the clerks at the hotel are discovered to be Akaky Akakievich , Badin , Devushkin , Mr Guppy , Goliadkin , Sainthomme , and Uriah Heep , and the journalists who report it include Jake Barnes , Ian Scuffling , Joe McCarthy Hynes , and Rouletabille .
the police inspector who investigates the terrorist attack turns out to be none other than columbo , the clerks at the hotel are [found out] to be akaky akakievich , badin , devushkin , mr guppy , goliadkin , sainthomme , and uriah heep , and the journalists who report it include jake barnes , ian scuffling , joe mccarthy hynes , and rouletabille .

Blanche waited for the door to click before she asked the next question . ‘ And when you discovered Nicola and David Parkin were missing from the party , you did n't go down to the office again ? ’
blanche waited for the door to click before she asked the next question . ‘ and when you [found out] nicola and david parkin were missing from the party , you did n't go down to the office again ? ’

He was intrigued and wanted to know what the Herald had discovered .
he was intrigued and wanted to know what the herald had [found out] .

He was inclined to think Nicola had invented the whole story , or else been told it and then discovered subsequently that it was a sham .
he was inclined to think nicola had invented the whole story , or else been told it and then [found out] subsequently that it was a sham .

Discovered as it went along ; and fed ,
[found out] as it went along ; and fed ,

On his way home , Narcissus discovered a pool of crystal water in a clearing in the forest .
on his way home , narcissus [found out] a pool of crystal water in a clearing in the forest .

Cajun and Creole cooking 's roots are reflected in the foods of France , Spain , Africa and Germany , as Roz Denny discovered when she visited Louisiana with the Food and Drinks team
cajun and creole cooking 's roots are reflected in the foods of france , spain , africa and germany , as roz denny [found out] when she visited louisiana with the food and drinks team

Known as Cadians , they founded a new homeland in the backwoods of south Louisiana , where they discovered bountiful supplies of game — rabbit , squirrel , pigeon and deer , and helpful native Indians who taught them how to make the most of local wild produce .
known as cadians , they founded a new homeland in the backwoods of south louisiana , where they [found out] bountiful supplies of game — rabbit , squirrel , pigeon and deer , and helpful native indians who taught them how to make the most of local wild produce .

During the last six months , the Guild has spoken to a number of representatives of caterers , dieticians , nurses , doctors and , in particular , the Patients ' Association and the College of Health , and discovered that the quality of hospital food is highly variable .
during the last six months , the guild has spoken to a number of representatives of caterers , dieticians , nurses , doctors and , in particular , the patients ' association and the college of health , and [found out] that the quality of hospital food is highly variable .

These are just some of the foods to be discovered at the exhibition .
these are just some of the foods to be [found out] at the exhibition .

We soon discovered the reason why — the floorboards had been laid directly on to earth .
we soon [found out] the reason why — the floorboards had been laid directly on to earth .

Kaye and Max Michie 's London home had to be completely renovated to suit their busy family lifestyle . But they have preserved its Victorian elegance as Jill Abraham discovered
kaye and max michie 's london home had to be completely renovated to suit their busy family lifestyle . but they have preserved its victorian elegance as jill abraham [found out]

Rob inched ahead in the race when he discovered freestyle .
rob inched ahead in the race when he [found out] freestyle .

Meanwhile , Andy had discovered windsurfing and that he could make more money in a day teaching it than he could in a week in his other job .
meanwhile , andy had [found out] windsurfing and that he could make more money in a day teaching it than he could in a week in his other job .

Astonishingly , it was not until 1986 that Andy discovered the Bitches , with which he is now closely associated .
astonishingly , it was not until 1986 that andy [found out] the bitches , with which he is now closely associated .

This can probably best be discovered from responses to a series of questions :
this can probably best be [found out] from responses to a series of questions :

The new lands he discovered convinced him that the earth was not round but pear-shaped .
the new lands he [found out] convinced him that the earth was not round but pear-shaped .

He fluctuated between varying combinations of the defence of Saudi Arabia , the restoration of the Kuwaiti government and state integrity , the key strategic American interest in the Gulf , the oil supply , freedom and international law , and the much hinted-at wholesale destruction of a ruler and a Middle Eastern power recently supported but now suddenly discovered to be evil .
he fluctuated between varying combinations of the defence of saudi arabia , the restoration of the kuwaiti government and state integrity , the key strategic american interest in the gulf , the oil supply , freedom and international law , and the much hinted-at wholesale destruction of a ruler and a middle eastern power recently supported but now suddenly [found out] to be evil .

The coming into being over the last 30 years of the political communities of Scotland , Wales , women , Afro-Caribbeans , Asians , Muslims , — each of these is premised on a freshly ‘ discovered ’ history of violence .
the coming into being over the last 30 years of the political communities of scotland , wales , women , afro-caribbeans , asians , muslims , — each of these is premised on a freshly ‘ [found out] ’ history of violence .

It was first discovered by Admiral Lord Hanson when he put in at Cape Horn during his four-year circumnavigation of the world ( 1740–44 ) .
it was first [found out] by admiral lord hanson when he put in at cape horn during his four-year circumnavigation of the world ( 1740–44 ) .

We nailed down hand model Sara Francis and discovered some well-kept secrets :
we nailed down hand model sara francis and [found out] some well-kept secrets :

It was discovered that black girls gain 34 % more bone density during puberty , compared to only 11 % in white girls .
it was [found out] that black girls gain 34 % more bone density during puberty , compared to only 11 % in white girls .

It 's only with hindsight that Andrea recognises that her own steamy fling ( started four months after her husband 's discovered dalliance ended ) was a get-even affair .
it 's only with hindsight that andrea recognises that her own steamy fling ( started four months after her husband 's [found out] dalliance ended ) was a get-even affair .

Daphne discovered for instance , that baby elephants were unresponsive to many types of milk .
daphne [found out] for instance , that baby elephants were unresponsive to many types of milk .

It was only by trial and error that she discovered that a product developed for milk-sensitive human babies was the ideal elephant food .
it was only by trial and error that she [found out] that a product developed for milk-sensitive human babies was the ideal elephant food .

When we launched our Health and Beauty Club last year , we discovered that one in three members has a hair problem — and many simply did n't know what to do about it .
when we launched our health and beauty club last year , we [found out] that one in three members has a hair problem — and many simply did n't know what to do about it .

‘ Parks ’ as the photographer Norman Parkinson was known to every model of the last 50 years ( a good many of whom he discovered ) , was one of the great fashion photographers of the century .
‘ parks ’ as the photographer norman parkinson was known to every model of the last 50 years ( a good many of whom he [found out] ) , was one of the great fashion photographers of the century .

However , we discovered that if one ate the prawns with the cinnamon meat sauce and mixed in lots of stir-fried manage-touts the results were marvellous .
however , we [found out] that if one ate the prawns with the cinnamon meat sauce and mixed in lots of stir-fried manage-touts the results were marvellous .

This , the first of a series of articles into the existence of an underlying geometrical pattern which governs our countryside , starts with an investigation as to whether the Circles of Churches discovered by Messrs David Wood ( Genisis ) and Henry Lincoln ( with Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh in The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail ) have a basis in fact .
this , the first of a series of articles into the existence of an underlying geometrical pattern which governs our countryside , starts with an investigation as to whether the circles of churches [found out] by messrs david wood ( genisis ) and henry lincoln ( with michael baigent and richard leigh in the holy blood and the holy grail ) have a basis in fact .

When David Wood discovered his circle of churches at Rennes-le-Chateau in France , in 1982 , it was a remarkable discovery — that four ancient churches , a chateau and a megalithic feature stood exactly on the perimeter of a gigantic circle seemed too miraculous to be true .
when david wood [found out] his circle of churches at rennes-le-chateau in france , in 1982 , it was a remarkable discovery — that four ancient churches , a chateau and a megalithic feature stood exactly on the perimeter of a gigantic circle seemed too miraculous to be true .

If true , then the question that Wood 's discovery posed was how had a series of churches and a chateau of proven antiquity ( with each building nearly 1,000 years old ) , been positioned in mountainous countryside ? Subsequent meetings with David Wood , far from resolving the enigma of Rennes-le-Chateau , only revealed greater complexity as new geometry was discovered .
if true , then the question that wood 's discovery posed was how had a series of churches and a chateau of proven antiquity ( with each building nearly 1,000 years old ) , been positioned in mountainous countryside ? subsequent meetings with david wood , far from resolving the enigma of rennes-le-chateau , only revealed greater complexity as new geometry was [found out] .

John Rymouth stands on the 20 foot single piece , arched stone bridge across a mountain stream and points to the Cylopean walls discovered on a hill top in the Rennes valley
john rymouth stands on the 20 foot single piece , arched stone bridge across a mountain stream and points to the cylopean walls [found out] on a hill top in the rennes valley

The newly discovered site
the newly [found out] site

Erosion has also revealed many fossils in the past — the bones of a dinosaur were discovered here in 1913 and are now on view to the general public in the museum at Dorchester .
erosion has also revealed many fossils in the past — the bones of a dinosaur were [found out] here in 1913 and are now on view to the general public in the museum at dorchester .

But when she looked up at the sky she discovered that the star had gone .
but when she looked up at the sky she [found out] that the star had gone .

Now that Cadfael came to think of it , less than usual had been seen and heard of Jerome for the past few days , ever since the evening when he had been discovered on his bed , quaking and sick with bellyaches and headaches , and been soothed to sleep by Cadfael 's stomachics and syrups .
now that cadfael came to think of it , less than usual had been seen and heard of jerome for the past few days , ever since the evening when he had been [found out] on his bed , quaking and sick with bellyaches and headaches , and been soothed to sleep by cadfael 's stomachics and syrups .

And presently what was within the books became significant also — quite small books would do , she discovered , because of what they said , one did not always have to get behind Bartholomew 's atlas or the bound volumes of Punch that lurked in the bottom of the sitting-room bookcase .
and presently what was within the books became significant also — quite small books would do , she [found out] , because of what they said , one did not always have to get behind bartholomew 's atlas or the bound volumes of punch that lurked in the bottom of the sitting-room bookcase .

Sellotape will not stick to varnish , she had discovered ; she ended up with hammer and tintacks , shrinking at the unseemly noise and violence .
sellotape will not stick to varnish , she had [found out] ; she ended up with hammer and tintacks , shrinking at the unseemly noise and violence .

‘ So we discovered .
‘ so we [found out] .

Helen had gone to some lengths over the picnic ; the recipe book included a relevant section , she discovered .
helen had gone to some lengths over the picnic ; the recipe book included a relevant section , she [found out] .

Geographers have discovered a recent tendency for rural areas to see something of a recovery in population and employment levels , no matter where they are ; conversely , conurbation ( metropolitan ) areas have suffered a loss of population and employment , whether in London , the West Midlands or the North ; while intervening areas lie along a statistical continuum .
geographers have [found out] a recent tendency for rural areas to see something of a recovery in population and employment levels , no matter where they are ; conversely , conurbation ( metropolitan ) areas have suffered a loss of population and employment , whether in london , the west midlands or the north ; while intervening areas lie along a statistical continuum .

( 1973 ) discovered , for most of the post-war period the political interests of both the Labour-held city authorities and the surrounding Tory-controlled shire counties were best served by restricting the outward movement of the lower-paid — considerations which , along with other factors , led to the encouragement of high-rise apartment blocks on redeveloped sites in inner urban areas .
( 1973 ) [found out] , for most of the post-war period the political interests of both the labour-held city authorities and the surrounding tory-controlled shire counties were best served by restricting the outward movement of the lower-paid — considerations which , along with other factors , led to the encouragement of high-rise apartment blocks on redeveloped sites in inner urban areas .

It will enable man to do more than any other power that has been discovered .
it will enable man to do more than any other power that has been [found out] .

Kaas had said nothing , had just wondered what they would say about his public image if they ever discovered the extent of the terrorist acts he had unleashed in the last few months .
kaas had said nothing , had just wondered what they would say about his public image if they ever [found out] the extent of the terrorist acts he had unleashed in the last few months .

Knowledge of distant lands was consolidated and an ever-widening stream of newly discovered species was brought to the notice of European scientists .
knowledge of distant lands was consolidated and an ever-widening stream of newly [found out] species was brought to the notice of european scientists .

Because the range of possible adaptations was unlimited , the relationships could be represented as a branching tree-like pattern , with new branches being added whenever some totally new ( and unpredictable ) form of animal life was discovered .
because the range of possible adaptations was unlimited , the relationships could be represented as a branching tree-like pattern , with new branches being added whenever some totally new ( and unpredictable ) form of animal life was [found out] .

But although Cuvier won immense prestige for his work as a comparative anatomist , he was unable to convince many naturalists that they should give up all hope of being able to predict the overall pattern of natural relationships and hence the ‘ missing ’ species still waiting to be discovered .
but although cuvier won immense prestige for his work as a comparative anatomist , he was unable to convince many naturalists that they should give up all hope of being able to predict the overall pattern of natural relationships and hence the ‘ missing ’ species still waiting to be [found out] .

Since the relationships were all in fives , one could tell if a particular category was missing from our present knowledge and predict roughly what kind of new organism would eventually be discovered to fill the gap .
since the relationships were all in fives , one could tell if a particular category was missing from our present knowledge and predict roughly what kind of new organism would eventually be [found out] to fill the gap .

It was impossible to predict what new variations on the theme might be discovered , because there were endless conceivable ways of gaining a living that animal species might adopt .
it was impossible to predict what new variations on the theme might be [found out] , because there were endless conceivable ways of gaining a living that animal species might adopt .

The rival anatomists debated the implications of transitional forms such as the newly discovered platypus and the degree to which the structure of the human body indicated a link to the apes .
the rival anatomists debated the implications of transitional forms such as the newly [found out] platypus and the degree to which the structure of the human body indicated a link to the apes .

As with Cuvier 's system , this approach to the unity of Nature is open-ended — there is always room for another newly discovered variant of the basic pattern to be fitted in .
as with cuvier 's system , this approach to the unity of nature is open-ended — there is always room for another newly [found out] variant of the basic pattern to be fitted in .

The first of these to be discovered was a gigantic carnivore from the Jurassic rocks of Stonesfield , Oxfordshire , which Buckland described in 1824 under the name Megalosaurus ( great lizard ) .
the first of these to be [found out] was a gigantic carnivore from the jurassic rocks of stonesfield , oxfordshire , which buckland described in 1824 under the name megalosaurus ( great lizard ) .

Darwin is thus treated as a major figure in the history of science because he both popularized the general theory of evolution and discovered the mechanism that seems to offer the best prospect of explaining how the process works .
darwin is thus treated as a major figure in the history of science because he both popularized the general theory of evolution and [found out] the mechanism that seems to offer the best prospect of explaining how the process works .

Darwin discovered a new species of the rhea , the flightless bird of the pampas , and realized that the existence of two closely related species in the same area made nonsense out of the old idea of perfect adaptation .
darwin [found out] a new species of the rhea , the flightless bird of the pampas , and realized that the existence of two closely related species in the same area made nonsense out of the old idea of perfect adaptation .

Darwin 's later descriptions of his theory use artificial selection as a means of introducing the reader to the possibility of a natural equivalent , and he always implied that this was how he himself discovered his theory .
darwin 's later descriptions of his theory use artificial selection as a means of introducing the reader to the possibility of a natural equivalent , and he always implied that this was how he himself [found out] his theory .

But samples of the new species discovered in colonized territories were routinely brought back to be described , classified and perhaps displayed in the great European museums and zoological gardens .
but samples of the new species [found out] in colonized territories were routinely brought back to be described , classified and perhaps displayed in the great european museums and zoological gardens .

On the Beagle voyage , Darwin had discovered evidence for the ‘ law of succession of types ’ by unearthing South American fossils related to the unique modern inhabitants of that continent .
on the beagle voyage , darwin had [found out] evidence for the ‘ law of succession of types ’ by unearthing south american fossils related to the unique modern inhabitants of that continent .

’ Well , we shall seem to back off , as if discovered , but in reality we shall continue with our scheme .
’ well , we shall seem to back off , as if [found out] , but in reality we shall continue with our scheme .

It was less than an hour since Chen had come from the singsong house ; not time enough for anyone to have discovered Liu Chang 's body , or for the girls to have undone their bonds .
it was less than an hour since chen had come from the singsong house ; not time enough for anyone to have [found out] liu chang 's body , or for the girls to have undone their bonds .

Cardiff could see for himself what Duvall had discovered .
cardiff could see for himself what duvall had [found out] .

‘ … These fields in humans were discovered back in the 1940s and 1950s .
‘ … these fields in humans were [found out] back in the 1940s and 1950s .

All of this knowledge , and you still have n't discovered the real truth behind it at all .
all of this knowledge , and you still have n't [found out] the real truth behind it at all .

And in death , the thing had shrunk to the size that Cardiff remembered from when it was first discovered in the wrecked car .
and in death , the thing had shrunk to the size that cardiff remembered from when it was first [found out] in the wrecked car .

The planet Saturn crossed the heavens at exactly the point that Pluto had been discovered .
the planet saturn crossed the heavens at exactly the point that pluto had been [found out] .

She considered what she had discovered , her mind racing like a Roladex .
she considered what she had [found out] , her mind racing like a roladex .

He might have discovered a modern-day equivalent of the Club .
he might have [found out] a modern-day equivalent of the club .

Donna rang the station and discovered that there was a train to King 's Cross leaving at 8.27 p.m .
donna rang the station and [found out] that there was a train to king 's cross leaving at 8.27 p.m .

‘ They must have been meeting places for The Hell Fire Club he discovered .
‘ they must have been meeting places for the hell fire club he [found out] .

The police had been convinced it was a genuine accident that took his life ( and that of his mistress ) but after what she 'd been through , after what she had discovered , Donna could not believe that men willing to kill for the possession of a book had not taken the life of the man she 'd loved .
the police had been convinced it was a genuine accident that took his life ( and that of his mistress ) but after what she 'd been through , after what she had [found out] , donna could not believe that men willing to kill for the possession of a book had not taken the life of the man she 'd loved .

It meant , she discovered ‘ To handle , especially with dexterity ’ .
it meant , she [found out] ‘ to handle , especially with dexterity ’ .

They had brought tales with them from England of witchcraft and the King 's concern ; an Essex man who had come with the Hopewell on the return voyage recalled how when he was a child , a pricker was calling on all the households of the nearby villages to discover the sources of a murrain on the flocks . His family had feared that they too would be discovered to harbour
they had brought tales with them from england of witchcraft and the king 's concern ; an essex man who had come with the hopewell on the return voyage recalled how when he was a child , a pricker was calling on all the households of the nearby villages to discover the sources of a murrain on the flocks . his family had feared that they too would be [found out] to harbour

The green men in their cloaks of leaves and branches then discovered them , and came down to the beach and circled Dulé and his companions where they lay prone , and shook their fronds and squatted on their haunches and kicked their legs and tossed their heads and slapped palm to thigh , in order to rally them and send them off again ; pouring spirits and water into their faces to invigorate them , beating out a rhythm with their feet .
the green men in their cloaks of leaves and branches then [found out] them , and came down to the beach and circled dulé and his companions where they lay prone , and shook their fronds and squatted on their haunches and kicked their legs and tossed their heads and slapped palm to thigh , in order to rally them and send them off again ; pouring spirits and water into their faces to invigorate them , beating out a rhythm with their feet .

And at the same time the racing of her blood was only partly fear , and she could see that he knew it , that he had discovered this power and tuned it to performance pitch , that the insults were a kind of invitation , the display of force a plea turned upside down , and she also wanted , because she longed to please , to take off her clothes then and there and let him down from his prideful pose , and soothe him with her obedience to his rage .
and at the same time the racing of her blood was only partly fear , and she could see that he knew it , that he had [found out] this power and tuned it to performance pitch , that the insults were a kind of invitation , the display of force a plea turned upside down , and she also wanted , because she longed to please , to take off her clothes then and there and let him down from his prideful pose , and soothe him with her obedience to his rage .

For Schein , it is ‘ the pattern of basic assumptions that a given group has invented , discovered , or developed , in learning to cope with its problems of external adaptation and internal integration , and that have worked well enough to be considered valid and , therefore , to be taught to new members as the correct way to perceive , think and feel in relation to these problems .
for schein , it is ‘ the pattern of basic assumptions that a given group has invented , [found out] , or developed , in learning to cope with its problems of external adaptation and internal integration , and that have worked well enough to be considered valid and , therefore , to be taught to new members as the correct way to perceive , think and feel in relation to these problems .

She discovered that the structure of organisations varied very widely and that technology was a major factor contributing to the variances .
she [found out] that the structure of organisations varied very widely and that technology was a major factor contributing to the variances .

The exception is when a new type of national resource , such as North Sea oil , is discovered when , if it is subject to a tax or royalty , can lead to distribution to the general public .
the exception is when a new type of national resource , such as north sea oil , is [found out] when , if it is subject to a tax or royalty , can lead to distribution to the general public .

Whilst oil barons may be prepared to suffer this while oil is in relatively short supply , they will probably adopt a different attitude if demand falls , and this could come about in many ways — perhaps by substantial on-shore reserves being discovered elsewhere in the world .
whilst oil barons may be prepared to suffer this while oil is in relatively short supply , they will probably adopt a different attitude if demand falls , and this could come about in many ways — perhaps by substantial on-shore reserves being [found out] elsewhere in the world .

He continued to practise chemistry as a hobby in Enniskillen and after moving to Belfast in 1804 , and he prepared the recently discovered chlorine gas to help local farmers bleach their linen flax .
he continued to practise chemistry as a hobby in enniskillen and after moving to belfast in 1804 , and he prepared the recently [found out] chlorine gas to help local farmers bleach their linen flax .

Ice on the north coast of Spitsbergen made it impossible to pass Amsterdam Island , and so he made for Franz Josef Land , discovered only in 1873–4 , and partly mapped .
ice on the north coast of spitsbergen made it impossible to pass amsterdam island , and so he made for franz josef land , [found out] only in 1873–4 , and partly mapped .

His discovery led to contacts with leading physicists who were investigating the recently discovered Zeeman Effect ( the way in which an atom 's spectrum is influenced by magnetism ) , including ( Sir ) Joseph John Thomson [ q.v . ]
his discovery led to contacts with leading physicists who were investigating the recently [found out] zeeman effect ( the way in which an atom 's spectrum is influenced by magnetism ) , including ( sir ) joseph john thomson [ q.v . ]

Michelson , using expensive apparatus in Chicago , attempted to disprove the empirical rule discovered by Preston , but Preston publicly disproved him .
michelson , using expensive apparatus in chicago , attempted to disprove the empirical rule [found out] by preston , but preston publicly disproved him .

, with whom he once combined to buy a Sienese picture they had discovered in a dealer 's ; and he often travelled in Italy to look at pictures , sometimes in the company of his friend Scholfield .
, with whom he once combined to buy a sienese picture they had [found out] in a dealer 's ; and he often travelled in italy to look at pictures , sometimes in the company of his friend scholfield .

In 1850 she discovered she had cancer of the uterus .
in 1850 she [found out] she had cancer of the uterus .

She attended Putnam Female Seminary and discovered acting and the habit of diary-keeping .
she attended putnam female seminary and [found out] acting and the habit of diary-keeping .

Peckham had discovered the prevalence of incest , an infinite multitude of children lacking confirmation , the appropriation of churches to the great damage of the cure of souls , and Roger himself , ‘ as though not caring about these things and others ’ , living outside the diocese .
peckham had [found out] the prevalence of incest , an infinite multitude of children lacking confirmation , the appropriation of churches to the great damage of the cure of souls , and roger himself , ‘ as though not caring about these things and others ’ , living outside the diocese .

By the time he left Tonbridge in July 1940 Keyes had written more than seventy poems , discovered in a manuscript book shortly after the war ; many are inevitably juvenilia , but ‘ Nefertiti ’ , written when he was seventeen , marks an advance towards maturity , and his poem ‘ The Buzzard ’ , the last to be written at Tonbridge , is probably his most accomplished schoolboy work .
by the time he left tonbridge in july 1940 keyes had written more than seventy poems , [found out] in a manuscript book shortly after the war ; many are inevitably juvenilia , but ‘ nefertiti ’ , written when he was seventeen , marks an advance towards maturity , and his poem ‘ the buzzard ’ , the last to be written at tonbridge , is probably his most accomplished schoolboy work .

In the Philippines he visited head-hunters in Luzon and discovered the white-skinned Mansaka tribe in Mindanao ( The Gems of the East , 1904 ) .
in the philippines he visited head-hunters in luzon and [found out] the white-skinned mansaka tribe in mindanao ( the gems of the east , 1904 ) .

Searching for fossils on Fitzwilliam 's estates at Castor in 1821 , he discovered a large tessellated Roman pavement ; this encouraged him to conduct a series of excavations , unusually systematic for their time , which continued until 1827 .
searching for fossils on fitzwilliam 's estates at castor in 1821 , he [found out] a large tessellated roman pavement ; this encouraged him to conduct a series of excavations , unusually systematic for their time , which continued until 1827 .

When the War Office discovered in 1881 that Clarke had been at a home station for twenty-seven years , it ordered him to sever his connection with the Ordnance Survey and take up a post in Mauritius .
when the war office [found out] in 1881 that clarke had been at a home station for twenty-seven years , it ordered him to sever his connection with the ordnance survey and take up a post in mauritius .

He was also a self-educated man , with a particular interest in astronomy , and in 1933 he discovered a white spot on the surface of Saturn .
he was also a self-educated man , with a particular interest in astronomy , and in 1933 he [found out] a white spot on the surface of saturn .

In December new land was discovered which Colbeck called Scott Island and its prominent feature , a stone column , Hagitt 's Pillar , was given his mother 's maiden name .
in december new land was [found out] which colbeck called scott island and its prominent feature , a stone column , hagitt 's pillar , was given his mother 's maiden name .

He discovered new reactions and introduced improved preparative techniques .
he [found out] new reactions and introduced improved preparative techniques .

Warner 's unpublished natural philosophical writings date mainly from this period , and deal with such diverse topics as logic , psychology , animal locomotion , atomism , time and space , the nature of heat and light , bullion and exchange , hydrostatics , chemistry , and the circulation of the blood ( which Warner claimed to have discovered before William Harvey , q.v . )
warner 's unpublished natural philosophical writings date mainly from this period , and deal with such diverse topics as logic , psychology , animal locomotion , atomism , time and space , the nature of heat and light , bullion and exchange , hydrostatics , chemistry , and the circulation of the blood ( which warner claimed to have [found out] before william harvey , q.v . )

In their anomalous behaviour electric arcs seemed to defy Ohm 's Law and she discovered the cause of this .
in their anomalous behaviour electric arcs seemed to defy ohm 's law and she [found out] the cause of this .

D'Arcy practised as a solicitor in Australia , but in 1882 formed a syndicate to exploit a vein of gold that had been discovered close to Rockhampton .
d'arcy practised as a solicitor in australia , but in 1882 formed a syndicate to exploit a vein of gold that had been [found out] close to rockhampton .

It was soon discovered that he was in fact spying for the French .
it was soon [found out] that he was in fact spying for the french .

He was once credited with bringing back from Sweden the secret of how the mill worked , which he discovered while disguised as a wandering fiddler ( hence the nickname , ‘ Fiddler ’ Foley ) ; but it now seems clear that the first slitting mill in England was set up at Dartford , Kent , in 1590 .
he was once credited with bringing back from sweden the secret of how the mill worked , which he [found out] while disguised as a wandering fiddler ( hence the nickname , ‘ fiddler ’ foley ) ; but it now seems clear that the first slitting mill in england was set up at dartford , kent , in 1590 .

On 15–16 February 1832 he discovered Adelaide Island ; then he sighted Alexander Land , charted the Pitt Islands and Anvers Island , and called at South Shetland .
on 15–16 february 1832 he [found out] adelaide island ; then he sighted alexander land , charted the pitt islands and anvers island , and called at south shetland .

Slingsby first visited Norway in 1872 and soon discovered that he was in a country with whose inhabitants he had almost everything in common ; where the language was familiar to him from the vocabulary surviving in the Yorkshire dales , and where the temperament and customs were akin to his own .
slingsby first visited norway in 1872 and soon [found out] that he was in a country with whose inhabitants he had almost everything in common ; where the language was familiar to him from the vocabulary surviving in the yorkshire dales , and where the temperament and customs were akin to his own .

But it was the learned friars of the thirteenth century who discovered Andrew 's work and used it extensively both in France and England .
but it was the learned friars of the thirteenth century who [found out] andrew 's work and used it extensively both in france and england .

This newly discovered Gamble–De Lamerie partnership reinforces the long-held attribution to Hogarth of the engraving on the famous Exchequer seal salver made for Sir Robert Walpole .
this newly [found out] gamble–de lamerie partnership reinforces the long-held attribution to hogarth of the engraving on the famous exchequer seal salver made for sir robert walpole .

Holtby — tall , fair , confident , gregarious — was Brittain 's ‘ opposite ’ ; but they discovered in each other complementary experience , literary ambitions , and social ideals .
holtby — tall , fair , confident , gregarious — was brittain 's ‘ opposite ’ ; but they [found out] in each other complementary experience , literary ambitions , and social ideals .

In 1947 she moved to the Laboratoire Central des Services Chemiques de l'État in Paris , where , in a series of beautifully executed investigations using X-ray diffraction techniques , she discovered the fundamental distinction between carbons that turn into graphite on heating and those that do not , and related this difference to the chemical constituents of the material from which the chars were made .
in 1947 she moved to the laboratoire central des services chemiques de l'état in paris , where , in a series of beautifully executed investigations using x-ray diffraction techniques , she [found out] the fundamental distinction between carbons that turn into graphite on heating and those that do not , and related this difference to the chemical constituents of the material from which the chars were made .

Two days after its signing , Joyce went to England and joined the army , but was discharged when it was discovered that he was only sixteen .
two days after its signing , joyce went to england and joined the army , but was discharged when it was [found out] that he was only sixteen .

On seeking to patent his process , Castner discovered that a similar patent had been lodged in Germany by Karl Kellner and made over to the powerful Solvay Company in Belgium .
on seeking to patent his process , castner [found out] that a similar patent had been lodged in germany by karl kellner and made over to the powerful solvay company in belgium .

During this period Meldola discovered the first oxazine dyestuff ( Meldola 's blue ) , and also the first alkali green ( viridine ) .
during this period meldola [found out] the first oxazine dyestuff ( meldola 's blue ) , and also the first alkali green ( viridine ) .

While still a medical student Winnicott discovered the work of Sigmund Freud and decided that psychoanalysis should become a part of his professional life ; thus the year 1923 saw also the beginning of a ten-year training analysis with James Strachey .
while still a medical student winnicott [found out] the work of sigmund freud and decided that psychoanalysis should become a part of his professional life ; thus the year 1923 saw also the beginning of a ten-year training analysis with james strachey .

In the 1890s Hooley discovered a talent for making large sums of money by selling off companies at inflated prices and pocketing a sizeable percentage of the proceeds .
in the 1890s hooley [found out] a talent for making large sums of money by selling off companies at inflated prices and pocketing a sizeable percentage of the proceeds .

In 1864 he discovered a further variant of his diazo reaction , known as coupling .
in 1864 he [found out] a further variant of his diazo reaction , known as coupling .

He was discovered and bitterly attacked by his former friends in the next parliamentary session .
he was [found out] and bitterly attacked by his former friends in the next parliamentary session .

Peyton 's plotting was discovered , and , charged with high treason , he fled abroad to Holland .
peyton 's plotting was [found out] , and , charged with high treason , he fled abroad to holland .

This experience , acquired in an age when the chemist was regarded as an expert only in a special field , turned Davis into a generalist and made him realize that the enormous variety of industrial chemical processes could be reduced to a relatively small number of operations , and that the study of these in the abstract would enable general principles to be discovered which could be applied to any process operation — the keystone of chemical engineering .
this experience , acquired in an age when the chemist was regarded as an expert only in a special field , turned davis into a generalist and made him realize that the enormous variety of industrial chemical processes could be reduced to a relatively small number of operations , and that the study of these in the abstract would enable general principles to be [found out] which could be applied to any process operation — the keystone of chemical engineering .

Sixty years later , there was an understanding of every formation in Scotland ; much of the Highlands had been surveyed in detail unmatched in any other comparable area of crystalline rock , and a host of new geological phenomena discovered .
sixty years later , there was an understanding of every formation in scotland ; much of the highlands had been surveyed in detail unmatched in any other comparable area of crystalline rock , and a host of new geological phenomena [found out] .

That was a word he had just discovered .
that was a word he had just [found out] .

At first she had been shy and reluctant — until she discovered the power over him this could give her — that she could always command his interest and attention by resurrecting some memory long buried by forgetfulness and , sometimes , shame .
at first she had been shy and reluctant — until she [found out] the power over him this could give her — that she could always command his interest and attention by resurrecting some memory long buried by forgetfulness and , sometimes , shame .

She noticed for the first time that they had stopped , and looking round , discovered that they were outside the house .
she noticed for the first time that they had stopped , and looking round , [found out] that they were outside the house .

This was to be her special torture then : just when she had discovered what a selfish , callous , calculating person Mark was , everybody was going to try and sell him to her .
this was to be her special torture then : just when she had [found out] what a selfish , callous , calculating person mark was , everybody was going to try and sell him to her .

‘ This morning you discovered they had n't been with Peter Leary as they 'd told us .
‘ this morning you [found out] they had n't been with peter leary as they 'd told us .

He was reliving the harrowing moment when he discovered her unconscious , her neck in a ligature .
he was reliving the harrowing moment when he [found out] her unconscious , her neck in a ligature .

Then she felt something on her arm and discovered her scarf had come undone .
then she felt something on her arm and [found out] her scarf had come undone .

‘ But the damage will be discovered eventually . ’
‘ but the damage will be [found out] eventually . ’

He probably thought he 'd been rather smart but today he discovered you were supposed to be dead .
he probably thought he 'd been rather smart but today he [found out] you were supposed to be dead .

She hoped that if he said he had discovered she met Scott Fitzgerald she would be able to treat the suggestion with the seriousness Tim would think it deserved .
she hoped that if he said he had [found out] she met scott fitzgerald she would be able to treat the suggestion with the seriousness tim would think it deserved .

Then a wizened lemon was discovered and so lemon tea saved the day .
then a wizened lemon was [found out] and so lemon tea saved the day .

She groped for a door , discovered the handle , rushed into the room .
she groped for a door , [found out] the handle , rushed into the room .

As Oliver 's distant voice answered him , Cobalt entered the room and discovered the Josephs and Maurin .
as oliver 's distant voice answered him , cobalt entered the room and [found out] the josephs and maurin .

It might all have ended there if Barbara Coleman had not sought to claim more of Durance 's attention and prolong Joseph 's embarrassment by rushing on to tell how illegal drugs had been discovered beneath the platform .
it might all have ended there if barbara coleman had not sought to claim more of durance 's attention and prolong joseph 's embarrassment by rushing on to tell how illegal drugs had been [found out] beneath the platform .

Your magazine discovered they did n't legitimately earn enough to meet their bills ?
your magazine [found out] they did n't legitimately earn enough to meet their bills ?

Rain asked when he discovered there was someone else on board .
rain asked when he [found out] there was someone else on board .

An interesting insight into the kind of restructuring which had occurred in memory when subjects discovered what the theme of the passage was in Thorndyke 's experiment comes from recall in the narrative after-theme condition .
an interesting insight into the kind of restructuring which had occurred in memory when subjects [found out] what the theme of the passage was in thorndyke 's experiment comes from recall in the narrative after-theme condition .

She discovered :
she [found out] :

To a remarkable degree during the 1960s , geographers turned away from certain environmental problems at the same time that colleagues in neighbouring fields discovered those issues … By neglecting the theory of man-environment relationships and its applications to public policy
to a remarkable degree during the 1960s , geographers turned away from certain environmental problems at the same time that colleagues in neighbouring fields [found out] those issues … by neglecting the theory of man-environment relationships and its applications to public policy

Although White ( 1973 ) noted that in the 1960s geographers turned away from some environmental problems just as specialists in neighbouring fields discovered these issues , nevertheless research on hazards did demonstrate that ( White , 1973 , p. 213 ) :
although white ( 1973 ) noted that in the 1960s geographers turned away from some environmental problems just as specialists in neighbouring fields [found out] these issues , nevertheless research on hazards did demonstrate that ( white , 1973 , p. 213 ) :

Aeons ago , the waters must have taken a different path and the men who discovered the cave had chipped away the stalagmites to make a passage into the gallery beyond , the gallery where Melissa and Fernand now stood .
aeons ago , the waters must have taken a different path and the men who [found out] the cave had chipped away the stalagmites to make a passage into the gallery beyond , the gallery where melissa and fernand now stood .

‘ She assumes that sooner or later the body 'll be discovered and there 'll be a hue and cry .
‘ she assumes that sooner or later the body 'll be [found out] and there 'll be a hue and cry .

Although they discovered they had hardly a single taste in common , he was nonetheless a witty and amusing host and she found herself laughing in a way she had not done for a considerable time .
although they [found out] they had hardly a single taste in common , he was nonetheless a witty and amusing host and she found herself laughing in a way she had not done for a considerable time .

But if she told them Nina had given her the go-ahead , and Nina discovered the lie , she would be out .
but if she told them nina had given her the go-ahead , and nina [found out] the lie , she would be out .

Besides , he could just imagine Cashman 's fury if he discovered that Cindy had been staying unchaperoned with Matthew .
besides , he could just imagine cashman 's fury if he [found out] that cindy had been staying unchaperoned with matthew .

It has recently been discovered that the woodwind instruments , too are capable of producing multiple sounds by means of unconventional methods in the employment of embouchure .
it has recently been [found out] that the woodwind instruments , too are capable of producing multiple sounds by means of unconventional methods in the employment of embouchure .

There still seems to be a lot to be discovered quantitatively about the physical nature of wave damage or erosion and its precise causes , although Komar ( 1976 ) has pointed to work being done in Japan relating wave height and frequency , together with rock properties , to rates of cliff recession .
there still seems to be a lot to be [found out] quantitatively about the physical nature of wave damage or erosion and its precise causes , although komar ( 1976 ) has pointed to work being done in japan relating wave height and frequency , together with rock properties , to rates of cliff recession .

Young and Sloman discovered this sense of intimacy in the Treasury .
young and sloman [found out] this sense of intimacy in the treasury .

Perhaps Puccini discovered part of the secret of including a degree of narration within a melodic framework which could be called an ‘ aria ’ without upsetting the melodic and formal definition of the music .
perhaps puccini [found out] part of the secret of including a degree of narration within a melodic framework which could be called an ‘ aria ’ without upsetting the melodic and formal definition of the music .

But there was no sign of Mr Hyde himself , although the police and the newspapers discovered a lot about his past life .
but there was no sign of mr hyde himself , although the police and the newspapers [found out] a lot about his past life .

Although the imperial and colonial railway companies discovered that Indians and Africans desired to travel in large numbers and contributed the bulk of passenger earnings , little money was spent on their comforts .
although the imperial and colonial railway companies [found out] that indians and africans desired to travel in large numbers and contributed the bulk of passenger earnings , little money was spent on their comforts .

Indian women in the Western states discovered that they could charge travellers to peep at their papooses .
indian women in the western states [found out] that they could charge travellers to peep at their papooses .

In 1909 the Hispanic station-master at Antofagasta in Chile was discovered to have been embezzling .
in 1909 the hispanic station-master at antofagasta in chile was [found out] to have been embezzling .

As late as the 1940s , Ransome-Wallis discovered that engine-driving in Malaya remained the preserve of Scottish Eurasians .
as late as the 1940s , ransome-wallis [found out] that engine-driving in malaya remained the preserve of scottish eurasians .

Towards the end of the journey the pilgrims discovered that their train had been shunted into a siding at a station in order to give precedence to the mail train :
towards the end of the journey the pilgrims [found out] that their train had been shunted into a siding at a station in order to give precedence to the mail train :

In Ceylon it was discovered that mountain areas could produce fresh vegetables which could be conveyed from local stations to Colombo to provision passing ocean liners .
in ceylon it was [found out] that mountain areas could produce fresh vegetables which could be conveyed from local stations to colombo to provision passing ocean liners .

Consequently , the following results were discovered for plaintiffs ' costs .
consequently , the following results were [found out] for plaintiffs ' costs .

Secondly , more may be discovered about the accident .
secondly , more may be [found out] about the accident .

The Conciliation Project Unit discovered that general adoption of a form of conciliation in family disputes would be more expensive than resolution through the various courts with family jurisdiction .
the conciliation project unit [found out] that general adoption of a form of conciliation in family disputes would be more expensive than resolution through the various courts with family jurisdiction .

Dublin-born textual scholar Danis Rose discovered James Joyce 's ‘ lost novel ’ while he was working on a critical edition of Finnegans Wake .
dublin-born textual scholar danis rose [found out] james joyce 's ‘ lost novel ’ while he was working on a critical edition of finnegans wake .

The mass of Mercury was first determined from its influence on the orbit of Eros , an asteroid which was discovered in 1898 and which often passes close to Mercury .
the mass of mercury was first determined from its influence on the orbit of eros , an asteroid which was [found out] in 1898 and which often passes close to mercury .

No satellites of Mercury were discovered , and therefore any satellite can not exceed about 3 km radius .
no satellites of mercury were [found out] , and therefore any satellite can not exceed about 3 km radius .

Galileo was one of the first to observe Jupiter through a telescope , and in 1610 he discovered four satellites which we now call the Galilean satellites .
galileo was one of the first to observe jupiter through a telescope , and in 1610 he [found out] four satellites which we now call the galilean satellites .

Another ring has been discovered , tenuous , and lying between the orbits of Amalthea and Io .
another ring has been [found out] , tenuous , and lying between the orbits of amalthea and io .

Although this valley is only four hours away from London , it has not yet been discovered by tourists and artists .
although this valley is only four hours away from london , it has not yet been [found out] by tourists and artists .

‘ That 's all part of the excitement ! They 've discovered we 're the oldest family in the whole county , going back a long way ! And our real name is d'Urberville ! Does n't that make you proud ! That 's why your father rode home in the carriage , not because he 'd been drinking , as people thought . ’
‘ that 's all part of the excitement ! they 've [found out] we 're the oldest family in the whole county , going back a long way ! and our real name is d'urberville ! does n't that make you proud ! that 's why your father rode home in the carriage , not because he 'd been drinking , as people thought . ’

She jumped down and discovered that the post carriage , speeding along the dark road , had driven into her slow and unlighted waggon .
she jumped down and [found out] that the post carriage , speeding along the dark road , had driven into her slow and unlighted waggon .

But when Tess reached home , she discovered that the baby had fallen ill that afternoon .
but when tess reached home , she [found out] that the baby had fallen ill that afternoon .

Tess discovered that only two or three of the dairymaids slept in the house , besides herself .
tess [found out] that only two or three of the dairymaids slept in the house , besides herself .

One day when he was studying at home , his father discovered that Angel had ordered a book of philosophy , which questioned the Church 's teaching .
one day when he was studying at home , his father [found out] that angel had ordered a book of philosophy , which questioned the church 's teaching .

His search for Tess took him first to Flintcomb-Ash , where he discovered she had never used her married name .
his search for tess took him first to flintcomb-ash , where he [found out] she had never used her married name .

As Coleman discovered later , it was not uncommon for the Justice Department to leave a case dangling over the head of a former government employee whom it wished to intimidate .
as coleman [found out] later , it was not uncommon for the justice department to leave a case dangling over the head of a former government employee whom it wished to intimidate .

Paul Wickham , whose occasional presence had been a pleasant adjunct to her dogged mournfulness , was discovered to be her new love .
paul wickham , whose occasional presence had been a pleasant adjunct to her dogged mournfulness , was [found out] to be her new love .

She flopped back , exaggerating her disappointment , then let him tell her how Marshall had discovered identical knives on sale in Leather Lane .
she flopped back , exaggerating her disappointment , then let him tell her how marshall had [found out] identical knives on sale in leather lane .

When she was allowed through to the nave she discovered dancers rehearsing a performance and robed guides discouraging visitors from proceeding to the site of St Thomas 's shrine because their passage disturbed the troupe .
when she was allowed through to the nave she [found out] dancers rehearsing a performance and robed guides discouraging visitors from proceeding to the site of st thomas 's shrine because their passage disturbed the troupe .

According to Wainfleet Ruby had asked him for a photograph of the escaped prisoner from the newspaper 's files , passed her hands over it and discovered that Sniffy was in Epping Forest .
according to wainfleet ruby had asked him for a photograph of the escaped prisoner from the newspaper 's files , passed her hands over it and [found out] that sniffy was in epping forest .

Maureen had met her returning from the photographers ' room , discovered the keys and taken them .
maureen had met her returning from the photographers ' room , [found out] the keys and taken them .

One of the other guests arrived for breakfast and the subject was dropped , only to resurface briefly when the woman discovered in the paper she was reading John Wainfleet 's account of Sniffy Wilson 's allegations of an Irish plot to kill MacQuillan .
one of the other guests arrived for breakfast and the subject was dropped , only to resurface briefly when the woman [found out] in the paper she was reading john wainfleet 's account of sniffy wilson 's allegations of an irish plot to kill macquillan .

When he went through the back door he discovered the printers had gone home and thought at first no one was there .
when he went through the back door he [found out] the printers had gone home and thought at first no one was there .

We discovered that he had been invited to stay at Wuthering Heights , by Hindley .
we [found out] that he had been invited to stay at wuthering heights , by hindley .

Hindley asked him to play cards , and when he discovered Heathcliff had a lot of money , invited him to stay there .
hindley asked him to play cards , and when he [found out] heathcliff had a lot of money , invited him to stay there .

Heathcliff must have discovered this from the servants .
heathcliff must have [found out] this from the servants .

They had cornered the Jeopardites in a canyon where a few makeshift tents indicated a Jeopardite camp had been discovered .
they had cornered the jeopardites in a canyon where a few makeshift tents indicated a jeopardite camp had been [found out] .

Cleo and Javelot soon discovered that it was occupied by five individuals , who were stowed away in far chambers like ideas in a vast empty brain .
cleo and javelot soon [found out] that it was occupied by five individuals , who were stowed away in far chambers like ideas in a vast empty brain .

He discovered the theatre score in the Academy 's own library , just in time to stop the presses and make a new edition based on it .
he [found out] the theatre score in the academy 's own library , just in time to stop the presses and make a new edition based on it .

‘ Exactly , and it did n't improve matters from Alfred 's point of view when he discovered that she was already a couple of months pregnant by Matthew when she married him . ’
‘ exactly , and it did n't improve matters from alfred 's point of view when he [found out] that she was already a couple of months pregnant by matthew when she married him . ’

‘ Anybody could have driven it to Exeter and dumped it at the station without leaving traces that would be discovered by anything short of a pukka forensic examination . ’
‘ anybody could have driven it to exeter and dumped it at the station without leaving traces that would be [found out] by anything short of a pukka forensic examination . ’

He had never discovered when it was proper to follow his host about and when it was politic to be elsewhere .
he had never [found out] when it was proper to follow his host about and when it was politic to be elsewhere .

‘ Look at it this way , Curtis : the boys discovered Riddle 's clothes tied in a bundle in a shack near Jordan 's cottage — right ? ’
‘ look at it this way , curtis : the boys [found out] riddle 's clothes tied in a bundle in a shack near jordan 's cottage — right ? ’

Not for the first time , she was going for broke ; she tried to tell herself that nothing much bad could happen , at the worst she could be discovered and thrown out , but somehow the stakes seemed much higher .
not for the first time , she was going for broke ; she tried to tell herself that nothing much bad could happen , at the worst she could be [found out] and thrown out , but somehow the stakes seemed much higher .

Waiting to be discovered , but in no particular hurry .
waiting to be [found out] , but in no particular hurry .

Potentially commercial proven and probable reserves comprise quantities of petroleum which are considered , on the basis of the information currently available and current economic forecasts , to be commercially recoverable from fields that have been discovered but which require further appraisal prior to commerciality being established .
potentially commercial proven and probable reserves comprise quantities of petroleum which are considered , on the basis of the information currently available and current economic forecasts , to be commercially recoverable from fields that have been [found out] but which require further appraisal prior to commerciality being established .

One solution would be to shut up and keep a low profile ; Jeremiah tried to do that , but … discovered that he could n't stop speaking .
one solution would be to shut up and keep a low profile ; jeremiah tried to do that , but … [found out] that he could n't stop speaking .

Around the same time an ancient tomb was discovered in a garden only 250 yards from the skull rock which fitted exactly the biblical description .
around the same time an ancient tomb was [found out] in a garden only 250 yards from the skull rock which fitted exactly the biblical description .

We also had time to take in the caves of Qumran where the Dead Sea scrolls were discovered .
we also had time to take in the caves of qumran where the dead sea scrolls were [found out] .

Betty said : ‘ They arrived on the Sunday , then on Monday we went to Haddington and a local distillery where Jean Pierre discovered that he liked malt whisky !
betty said : ‘ they arrived on the sunday , then on monday we went to haddington and a local distillery where jean pierre [found out] that he liked malt whisky !

In Yemen , seismic activity has commenced in our Hood block which lies in the same province as the oil fields recently discovered in the adjacent Masila area .
in yemen , seismic activity has commenced in our hood block which lies in the same province as the oil fields recently [found out] in the adjacent masila area .

James ' research for this brilliant book had taken him to the archives at Bordeaux , whereupon he discovered that his fellow Trinidadian , Eric Williams , had been there before him .
james ' research for this brilliant book had taken him to the archives at bordeaux , whereupon he [found out] that his fellow trinidadian , eric williams , had been there before him .

During the work the original opening between Cell-y-bedd and the church was discovered , thus explaining the entry in the Parish records in 1721 ‘ for shutting up Melangell 's door — 9 pence ’ !
during the work the original opening between cell-y-bedd and the church was [found out] , thus explaining the entry in the parish records in 1721 ‘ for shutting up melangell 's door — 9 pence ’ !

Even the oilfields which have been discovered and appraised need to be looked at again to determine whether they are still profitable at low oil prices .
even the oilfields which have been [found out] and appraised need to be looked at again to determine whether they are still profitable at low oil prices .

‘ We discovered that the Russians are certainly cost conscious and try to optimise profits .
‘ we [found out] that the russians are certainly cost conscious and try to optimise profits .

Located in the Thar desert region of the Sindh province , the field was first discovered by the company in 1989 , with the drilling of the exploration well Kadanwari-1 .
located in the thar desert region of the sindh province , the field was first [found out] by the company in 1989 , with the drilling of the exploration well kadanwari-1 .

* Scientists in South Carolina have discovered colonies of bacteria living deep underground .
* scientists in south carolina have [found out] colonies of bacteria living deep underground .

When discovered the pavement from Gloucester was in fragments , but enough of it survived to permit a convincing reconstruction ( Neal 1981 , no .
when [found out] the pavement from gloucester was in fragments , but enough of it survived to permit a convincing reconstruction ( neal 1981 , no .

12 ) , and the Orpheus mosaic discovered at Winterton ( Stead 1976 , pI .
12 ) , and the orpheus mosaic [found out] at winterton ( stead 1976 , pi .

Douglas Mawson , the Australian explorer , who discovered the South Magnetic Pole , left some provisions behind at his base camp which were found be another expedition in 1927 .
douglas mawson , the australian explorer , who [found out] the south magnetic pole , left some provisions behind at his base camp which were found be another expedition in 1927 .

Chlorine monoxide ( ClO ) , a known cause of ozone depletion in the stratosphere above polar regions , has been discovered in the upper atmosphere over temperate latitudes .
chlorine monoxide ( clo ) , a known cause of ozone depletion in the stratosphere above polar regions , has been [found out] in the upper atmosphere over temperate latitudes .

When Ikeda in 1979 performed a stability analysis starting from the full Maxwell-Bloch equations , with propagation effects included { 22 } , he discovered an apparently distinct family of instabilities , and indeed chaotic behaviour , which will be the dominant topic of the remainder of this section ( as Lugiato { 26 } has pointed out , these phenomena are not actually distinct from the Bonifacio-Lugiato instabilities , and can be analysed by similar methods ) .
when ikeda in 1979 performed a stability analysis starting from the full maxwell-bloch equations , with propagation effects included { 22 } , he [found out] an apparently distinct family of instabilities , and indeed chaotic behaviour , which will be the dominant topic of the remainder of this section ( as lugiato { 26 } has pointed out , these phenomena are not actually distinct from the bonifacio-lugiato instabilities , and can be analysed by similar methods ) .

As far back as 1969 , Casperson discovered that the high-gain xenon laser ( wavelength 3.51 m ) could , even with steady excitation , produce its output as an infinite train of pulses { 11 } .
as far back as 1969 , casperson [found out] that the high-gain xenon laser ( wavelength 3.51 m ) could , even with steady excitation , produce its output as an infinite train of pulses { 11 } .

The theme underlying much of this work is that broadly satisfactory , and reasonably simple , models exist for the huge variety of nonlinear optical processes which have been discovered since the advent of the laser : there is optimism that nonlinear optics can similarly provide simple systems showing the full range of chaotic behaviour .
the theme underlying much of this work is that broadly satisfactory , and reasonably simple , models exist for the huge variety of nonlinear optical processes which have been [found out] since the advent of the laser : there is optimism that nonlinear optics can similarly provide simple systems showing the full range of chaotic behaviour .

In an earlier definition , where pragmatics was restricted to encoded aspects of context , one could claim that the relevant aspects of context should not be specified in advance but rather discovered by a survey of the world 's languages .
in an earlier definition , where pragmatics was restricted to encoded aspects of context , one could claim that the relevant aspects of context should not be specified in advance but rather [found out] by a survey of the world 's languages .

Discovered in 1855 , there are estimated to be only 1,000 specimens left in the wild .
[found out] in 1855 , there are estimated to be only 1,000 specimens left in the wild .

Joe Farman , the British atmospheric physicist who " discovered " the hole in the ozone layer over the Antarctic , has warned that chemicals offered by the chemicals industry as a substitute for ozone-destroying CFCs could be far more damaging than the manufacturers admit .
joe farman , the british atmospheric physicist who " [found out] " the hole in the ozone layer over the antarctic , has warned that chemicals offered by the chemicals industry as a substitute for ozone-destroying cfcs could be far more damaging than the manufacturers admit .

Nearly 3,000 cans of meat , originally imported as food aid from Czechoslovakia , were buried by the state authorities after scientific tests discovered that they were contaminated with radioactivity .
nearly 3,000 cans of meat , originally imported as food aid from czechoslovakia , were buried by the state authorities after scientific tests [found out] that they were contaminated with radioactivity .

Discovered in 1953 by Hong Kong herpetologist John Romer , the frog 's exceedingly primitive nature makes it of special interest .
[found out] in 1953 by hong kong herpetologist john romer , the frog 's exceedingly primitive nature makes it of special interest .

Pompeian decoration features in ceramics , glass and metal from the 19th century as the public craved objects decorated with designs discovered at the excavations of the ancient Italian city between 1860–1875 .
pompeian decoration features in ceramics , glass and metal from the 19th century as the public craved objects decorated with designs [found out] at the excavations of the ancient italian city between 1860–1875 .

You will commonly , of course , advise your client of any facts of interest , which you have discovered by your enquiries ; for example , that the road has not yet been taken over by the local authority , that plans for building on the property were submitted to and rejected by the local authority , etc .
you will commonly , of course , advise your client of any facts of interest , which you have [found out] by your enquiries ; for example , that the road has not yet been taken over by the local authority , that plans for building on the property were submitted to and rejected by the local authority , etc .

However , there are difficulties with latent defects , for example , characteristics not known to be harmful at the time of delivery , or immunities to harmful substances being subsequently discovered .
however , there are difficulties with latent defects , for example , characteristics not known to be harmful at the time of delivery , or immunities to harmful substances being subsequently [found out] .

Section 4 ( 1 ) ( e ) states as follows : ( e ) that the state of scientific and technical knowledge at the relevant time was not such that a producer of products of the same description as the product in question might be expected to have discovered the defect if it had existed in his products while they were under his control … This defence can be best described as `` development risks `` .
section 4 ( 1 ) ( e ) states as follows : ( e ) that the state of scientific and technical knowledge at the relevant time was not such that a producer of products of the same description as the product in question might be expected to have [found out] the defect if it had existed in his products while they were under his control … this defence can be best described as `` development risks `` .

Therefore , to assume a sort of ( even internal ) scientific realism about the results of Lakoff and Johnson 's cognitive theory , to claim to have discovered truths about mind and language which give a special explanatory validity to the interpretation of King Lear , is to impose one view of linguistics , one view of science , and one view of how a literary text is to be interpreted on the text .
therefore , to assume a sort of ( even internal ) scientific realism about the results of lakoff and johnson 's cognitive theory , to claim to have [found out] truths about mind and language which give a special explanatory validity to the interpretation of king lear , is to impose one view of linguistics , one view of science , and one view of how a literary text is to be interpreted on the text .

If their identity can be discovered then a friendly , informal letter should be written to them explaining who you are acting for and why their help is needed .
if their identity can be [found out] then a friendly , informal letter should be written to them explaining who you are acting for and why their help is needed .

Much — very much , in financial terms — depends upon the care with which the story is written , as the same newspaper once again discovered in Hayward v Thompson .
much — very much , in financial terms — depends upon the care with which the story is written , as the same newspaper once again [found out] in hayward v thompson .

Obscenity , the more serious crime , is punished by the Obscene Publications Act 1959 , either after a trial by judge or jury or by `` forfeiture proceedings `` under a law which authorises local justices to destroy obscene books and films discovered within their jurisidiction .
obscenity , the more serious crime , is punished by the obscene publications act 1959 , either after a trial by judge or jury or by `` forfeiture proceedings `` under a law which authorises local justices to destroy obscene books and films [found out] within their jurisidiction .

The subject-matter of pornography was settled by 1650 : writers in subsequent centuries added new words and novel settings , but discovered no fundamental variation on the finite methods of coupling .
the subject-matter of pornography was settled by 1650 : writers in subsequent centuries added new words and novel settings , but [found out] no fundamental variation on the finite methods of coupling .

Many infections are clinically inapparent , and the characteristic nodules are only discovered incidentally at necropsy .
many infections are clinically inapparent , and the characteristic nodules are only [found out] incidentally at necropsy .

Infection is almost invariably asymptomatic , and is discovered only at post mortem examination .
infection is almost invariably asymptomatic , and is [found out] only at post mortem examination .

The worm generally has a low pathogenicity , and the majority of infections are discovered only incidentally at post mortem examination .
the worm generally has a low pathogenicity , and the majority of infections are [found out] only incidentally at post mortem examination .

‘ You must have worked magic on him — he 's always been so generous with his possessions , ’ he smiled , adding softly , ‘ as , of course , you must have discovered . ’
‘ you must have worked magic on him — he 's always been so generous with his possessions , ’ he smiled , adding softly , ‘ as , of course , you must have [found out] . ’

At ground-floor level she discovered a games-room , a large slate-bed billiard table taking up much of the space , and a selection of tennis racquets and other games equipment suggesting that there were the courts and space for all these things .
at ground-floor level she [found out] a games-room , a large slate-bed billiard table taking up much of the space , and a selection of tennis racquets and other games equipment suggesting that there were the courts and space for all these things .

He held her head more tightly as her lips discovered more secrets .
he held her head more tightly as her lips [found out] more secrets .

‘ It was funny to see those agents ’ faces when they discovered they were up against the famous Marc Vila !
‘ it was funny to see those agents ’ faces when they [found out] they were up against the famous marc vila !

Astronomers postulated Neptune before they discovered it .
astronomers postulated neptune before they [found out] it .

To her delight she discovered the perfect wedding present , a set of sheets and matching pillowcases , all edged with lace and stitched with rosebuds .
to her delight she [found out] the perfect wedding present , a set of sheets and matching pillowcases , all edged with lace and stitched with rosebuds .

‘ He discovered it by chance about thirty years ago , when his yacht ran in for shelter from a storm .
‘ he [found out] it by chance about thirty years ago , when his yacht ran in for shelter from a storm .

That was no exaggeration , Ronni soon discovered , as fifteen minutes later they were winding their way through the narrow , colourful streets of the walled city of Alghero to climb a hill to a cliff-top where they were suddenly confronted by a breath-taking panorama of endless blue sea .
that was no exaggeration , ronni soon [found out] , as fifteen minutes later they were winding their way through the narrow , colourful streets of the walled city of alghero to climb a hill to a cliff-top where they were suddenly confronted by a breath-taking panorama of endless blue sea .

At this stage , a method of obtaining loans data from pupils had to be discovered .
at this stage , a method of obtaining loans data from pupils had to be [found out] .

And thus , when her father 's ghastly illness had first been diagnosed , and had then continued on its remorseless path , she 'd only discovered — when it was far too late — that she and Ross had been growing steadily and disastrously apart .
and thus , when her father 's ghastly illness had first been diagnosed , and had then continued on its remorseless path , she 'd only [found out] — when it was far too late — that she and ross had been growing steadily and disastrously apart .

And maybe she would n't have been expecting him to ‘ dance attendance ’ on her if she had n't soon discovered that he 'd been spending so much time with his personal assistant ! Marissa , a tall cool girl with hair as dark as night , had been not only obviously very clever , but also — alas — very beautiful .
and maybe she would n't have been expecting him to ‘ dance attendance ’ on her if she had n't soon [found out] that he 'd been spending so much time with his personal assistant ! marissa , a tall cool girl with hair as dark as night , had been not only obviously very clever , but also — alas — very beautiful .

Her friend 's well-known bluntness had been to the fore a few days ago , when she 'd discovered Laura sobbing quietly in her bedroom .
her friend 's well-known bluntness had been to the fore a few days ago , when she 'd [found out] laura sobbing quietly in her bedroom .

Kirsty was still sound asleep , she discovered , when she poked her head round the little girl 's door .
kirsty was still sound asleep , she [found out] , when she poked her head round the little girl 's door .

Mark Smith discovered the heartache and horror behind the scourge of the city .
mark smith [found out] the heartache and horror behind the scourge of the city .

They say a small amount of money is all that seems to be missing from the Springburn flat where Mrs Law 's body was discovered exactly two weeks ago .
they say a small amount of money is all that seems to be missing from the springburn flat where mrs law 's body was [found out] exactly two weeks ago .

Her body was discovered the following day when her home help raised the alarm .
her body was [found out] the following day when her home help raised the alarm .

Pupils at Lathallan school have had a burning interest in their new headmaster … for they 've discovered his family 's explosive past .
pupils at lathallan school have had a burning interest in their new headmaster … for they 've [found out] his family 's explosive past .

But particular abnormalities in biochemistry have been linked to schizophrenia since it was first discovered that hallucinatory drugs could induce a psychosis .
but particular abnormalities in biochemistry have been linked to schizophrenia since it was first [found out] that hallucinatory drugs could induce a psychosis .

Although a wide range of mutual aid groups are now available , involving reciprocal aid among people who have in common one particular type of life stress , members typically only discover or are discovered by the organisation some considerable time after the event ( Richardson and Goodman , 1983 ) .
although a wide range of mutual aid groups are now available , involving reciprocal aid among people who have in common one particular type of life stress , members typically only discover or are [found out] by the organisation some considerable time after the event ( richardson and goodman , 1983 ) .

The earlier stages can be discovered almost entirely by theoretical analysis , with experiments serving largely to confirm the predictions ( and incidentally to provide illustrative material such as that being used here ) .
the earlier stages can be [found out] almost entirely by theoretical analysis , with experiments serving largely to confirm the predictions ( and incidentally to provide illustrative material such as that being used here ) .

For example , supposing that the flow investigated becomes more complicated than might be expected because of an instability , this fact would be discovered not by a stability analysis but by the observation , in the laboratory or on the computer , that a complicated flow occurred .
for example , supposing that the flow investigated becomes more complicated than might be expected because of an instability , this fact would be [found out] not by a stability analysis but by the observation , in the laboratory or on the computer , that a complicated flow occurred .

Speculation was sparked off because Mr Summerchild 's body was discovered on Ministry of Defence property — a yard in Spring Gardens , at the back of the Admiralty .
speculation was sparked off because mr summerchild 's body was [found out] on ministry of defence property — a yard in spring gardens , at the back of the admiralty .

He had remembered having seen , that first day , some goats grazing further on down the river bank , had made some inquiries and discovered that they were taken down on to the river bed every morning by a boy who acted as herd .
he had remembered having seen , that first day , some goats grazing further on down the river bank , had made some inquiries and [found out] that they were taken down on to the river bed every morning by a boy who acted as herd .

In temperate plants , it has been shown that the proportion of two-coloured displays of fruits discovered by birds is greater than that of monocoloured , but that the consumption after discovery is greater when the distinguishing features are ‘ natural ’ , e.g .
in temperate plants , it has been shown that the proportion of two-coloured displays of fruits [found out] by birds is greater than that of monocoloured , but that the consumption after discovery is greater when the distinguishing features are ‘ natural ’ , e.g .

The controversy over the Tasaday , a group of 26 allegedly ‘ stone-age ’ cave-dwelling people ‘ discovered ’ in 1971 and pronounced a hoax in 1986 is based on the all-or-nothing ‘ cultural purity ’ argument of anthropologists .
the controversy over the tasaday , a group of 26 allegedly ‘ stone-age ’ cave-dwelling people ‘ [found out] ’ in 1971 and pronounced a hoax in 1986 is based on the all-or-nothing ‘ cultural purity ’ argument of anthropologists .

Over a delicious meal of freshwater crayfish in lime butter , and a light-as-air mango soufflé , they 'd held an impeccably detached , wonderfully calm conversation ranging from Caribbean history to ethnic crafts and design , and discovered common ground on half a dozen other topics including a penchant for the Post-Impressionists , an affinity with the work and designs of William Morris , and a liking for cricket .
over a delicious meal of freshwater crayfish in lime butter , and a light-as-air mango soufflé , they 'd held an impeccably detached , wonderfully calm conversation ranging from caribbean history to ethnic crafts and design , and [found out] common ground on half a dozen other topics including a penchant for the post-impressionists , an affinity with the work and designs of william morris , and a liking for cricket .

In the past when any of her casual boyfriends had tried to deepen the relationship , having discovered early that laughter and gentle ridicule were the things most men 's egos could n't stand , she 'd resorted to clowning .
in the past when any of her casual boyfriends had tried to deepen the relationship , having [found out] early that laughter and gentle ridicule were the things most men 's egos could n't stand , she 'd resorted to clowning .

This upstairs bathroom was better equipped , and , having discovered a toothbrush still in its carton , Luce borrowed some minty paste and cleaned her teeth vigorously .
this upstairs bathroom was better equipped , and , having [found out] a toothbrush still in its carton , luce borrowed some minty paste and cleaned her teeth vigorously .

Mestre , Luce soon discovered , was a very ordinary town , with a thriving electronics industry , a modern shopping centre and lots of glass and concrete high-rise housing and office blocks .
mestre , luce soon [found out] , was a very ordinary town , with a thriving electronics industry , a modern shopping centre and lots of glass and concrete high-rise housing and office blocks .

‘ You seem to have discovered Lucia 's secret hiding-place .
‘ you seem to have [found out] lucia 's secret hiding-place .

As she heaved herself up against the pillows she discovered she was wearing a man 's shirt , extra-large and striped , and she 'd never seen that before , either .
as she heaved herself up against the pillows she [found out] she was wearing a man 's shirt , extra-large and striped , and she 'd never seen that before , either .

She turned on the transistor very quietly , found a local radio station , and discovered , surprised , that it was nearly nine .
she turned on the transistor very quietly , found a local radio station , and [found out] , surprised , that it was nearly nine .

Mandy was peering through the binoculars with the intensity of an army scout who had just discovered the enemy , and with a defeated sigh Charity let her own gaze drift in the same direction .
mandy was peering through the binoculars with the intensity of an army scout who had just [found out] the enemy , and with a defeated sigh charity let her own gaze drift in the same direction .

But as the evening moved on she discovered she was getting better at her job .
but as the evening moved on she [found out] she was getting better at her job .

Dinner was exquisite , even though they ate it in the somewhat strained silence of two people who had discovered they had absolutely nothing to say to each other .
dinner was exquisite , even though they ate it in the somewhat strained silence of two people who had [found out] they had absolutely nothing to say to each other .

Next morning , at breakfast , Juliet told Irene what she 'd discovered .
next morning , at breakfast , juliet told irene what she 'd [found out] .

There , she stamped hard on a bolt of panic that would have her turning swiftly about , and made herself press the porcelain doorbell . It was too late to run away then , though , as she fought desperately for composure by mentally going through Cara 's lists of questions , Fabia discovered that she could not remember one of them !
there , she stamped hard on a bolt of panic that would have her turning swiftly about , and made herself press the porcelain doorbell . it was too late to run away then , though , as she fought desperately for composure by mentally going through cara 's lists of questions , fabia [found out] that she could not remember one of them !

’ she asked anxiously — and discovered that her rescuer must have already put that same question to him .
’ she asked anxiously — and [found out] that her rescuer must have already put that same question to him .

But , when she suddenly discovered an urgent desire to know his name , she knew that she would only end up feeling foolish if she asked him what it was in this moment of parting .
but , when she suddenly [found out] an urgent desire to know his name , she knew that she would only end up feeling foolish if she asked him what it was in this moment of parting .

She discovered though that it was not the odd-job man 's name which was causing him mild amusement , but her !
she [found out] though that it was not the odd-job man 's name which was causing him mild amusement , but her !

‘ Hello , ’ she returned , and discovered that it was quite pleasant to bump into someone she knew .
‘ hello , ’ she returned , and [found out] that it was quite pleasant to bump into someone she knew .

Bearing in mind that she would be eating a main meal that evening , Fabia ordered an omelette and salad , and soon discovered that once Lubor had settled down from his initial opportunistic manner he was quite a pleasant lunchtime companion .
bearing in mind that she would be eating a main meal that evening , fabia ordered an omelette and salad , and soon [found out] that once lubor had settled down from his initial opportunistic manner he was quite a pleasant lunchtime companion .

Intending not to forget her car again , however , Fabia dipped her spoon into her pudding , sampled it , and discovered it was something of a rather superb plum pie , if different from what she knew .
intending not to forget her car again , however , fabia dipped her spoon into her pudding , sampled it , and [found out] it was something of a rather superb plum pie , if different from what she knew .

Fabia discovered that she still had a broad smile on her face a minute after the call was ended .
fabia [found out] that she still had a broad smile on her face a minute after the call was ended .

There was so much she wanted to ask him about Ven , she discovered .
there was so much she wanted to ask him about ven , she [found out] .

He did not need any encouragement at all , as she had discovered when she had lunched with him on Tuesday .
he did not need any encouragement at all , as she had [found out] when she had lunched with him on tuesday .

He was a man , she discovered again , who was extremely good company , who could talk on any given subject and make one want to hear more , and whom it was a pleasure to be with .
he was a man , she [found out] again , who was extremely good company , who could talk on any given subject and make one want to hear more , and whom it was a pleasure to be with .

Fabia smiled , and discovered as she stood under the shower , that she was cheerfully humming a snatch of one of Dvořák 's Humoresques .
fabia smiled , and [found out] as she stood under the shower , that she was cheerfully humming a snatch of one of dvořák 's humoresques .

To her great relief , however , Fabia subsequently discovered that she had asked for a quite delicious meal of venison with bacon , mushrooms and tomatoes .
to her great relief , however , fabia subsequently [found out] that she had asked for a quite delicious meal of venison with bacon , mushrooms and tomatoes .

She was to get her latter requirement quicker than she realised , she discovered .
she was to get her latter requirement quicker than she realised , she [found out] .

She was still bent to the Dobermann when she discovered that she needed a moment to control a knot of emotion that came from the thought that she would see neither the dog nor its owner again .
she was still bent to the dobermann when she [found out] that she needed a moment to control a knot of emotion that came from the thought that she would see neither the dog nor its owner again .

Considering how easily he 'd discovered Candy 's identity and background , finding out her address had probably been a walkover .
considering how easily he 'd [found out] candy 's identity and background , finding out her address had probably been a walkover .

Clad in an old black leotard and leggings , now fairly well daubed with paint , and with her mane of hair hidden beneath a scarlet bandana , she did n't exactly look like a decorator , she realised with a giggle as she caught sight of her own reflection in the hall mirror on the way to the kitchen , but she 'd discovered at an early stage of the game just how much bending , stretching and crouching was involved and so had decided she might as well be comfortable while she did it .
clad in an old black leotard and leggings , now fairly well daubed with paint , and with her mane of hair hidden beneath a scarlet bandana , she did n't exactly look like a decorator , she realised with a giggle as she caught sight of her own reflection in the hall mirror on the way to the kitchen , but she 'd [found out] at an early stage of the game just how much bending , stretching and crouching was involved and so had decided she might as well be comfortable while she did it .

She had already discovered to her cost just how strongly attracted she was to him on a physical level .
she had already [found out] to her cost just how strongly attracted she was to him on a physical level .

Leith could n't help feeling extremely sorry for her , especially when she discovered that Rosemary , brought up believing that marriages were forever , could not accept that her marriage was over — even though it had ended up such a disaster and Derek was now asking for a divorce .
leith could n't help feeling extremely sorry for her , especially when she [found out] that rosemary , brought up believing that marriages were forever , could not accept that her marriage was over — even though it had ended up such a disaster and derek was now asking for a divorce .

But that morning she had discovered just who ‘ Cousin Naylor ’ was , and , even though she was feeling more than a mite rebellious at his ‘ … it might be in your interests not to see him again ' , she did n't want to put her job in jeopardy should Naylor Massingham happen to be passing , and observe Travis 's car again parked at her apartment block .
but that morning she had [found out] just who ‘ cousin naylor ’ was , and , even though she was feeling more than a mite rebellious at his ‘ … it might be in your interests not to see him again ' , she did n't want to put her job in jeopardy should naylor massingham happen to be passing , and observe travis 's car again parked at her apartment block .

Having driven herself to meet Travis to obviate Naylor Massingham knowing that she had n't heeded his ‘ … in your interests not to see him again ' warning , Leith discovered that she need not have bothered .
having driven herself to meet travis to obviate naylor massingham knowing that she had n't heeded his ‘ … in your interests not to see him again ' warning , leith [found out] that she need not have bothered .

Nor , she soon discovered , was there any avoiding of his pursuing , determined mouth .
nor , she soon [found out] , was there any avoiding of his pursuing , determined mouth .

‘ Er — he 's out playing golf , ’ her mother replied , and , while Leith was beginning to wonder how long it would be before her father discovered that his joint savings account with his wife had a dent in it , her mother was swiftly changing the subject . ‘ How about you , Leith , do you have any small problem you need help with ? ’
‘ er — he 's out playing golf , ’ her mother replied , and , while leith was beginning to wonder how long it would be before her father [found out] that his joint savings account with his wife had a dent in it , her mother was swiftly changing the subject . ‘ how about you , leith , do you have any small problem you need help with ? ’

But she discovered she had delayed too long , for as she reached the hall , there before her , and as cool as you like , was Naylor .
but she [found out] she had delayed too long , for as she reached the hall , there before her , and as cool as you like , was naylor .

Then she discovered he 'd gone off any idea of tucking into the delights of her home-made lasagne anyway as , without another word , he turned and headed out of the kitchen .
then she [found out] he 'd gone off any idea of tucking into the delights of her home-made lasagne anyway as , without another word , he turned and headed out of the kitchen .

You know that , ’ she replied , and discovered that Travis , more interested in his love-life than hers , wanted to talk about Rosemary and how much he missed seeing her and the fact that he had been so lonesome for her that he 'd phoned her flat several times yesterday evening and , receiving no reply , had realised she must still be at her parents ' home .
you know that , ’ she replied , and [found out] that travis , more interested in his love-life than hers , wanted to talk about rosemary and how much he missed seeing her and the fact that he had been so lonesome for her that he 'd phoned her flat several times yesterday evening and , receiving no reply , had realised she must still be at her parents ' home .

Feeling defeated suddenly , she discovered that it was no good trying to recapture the fury she had felt with him in the hope of that fury helping her battle against the way she was feeling .
feeling defeated suddenly , she [found out] that it was no good trying to recapture the fury she had felt with him in the hope of that fury helping her battle against the way she was feeling .

She then discovered that she cared not at all for the dangerous glint that suddenly appeared in his eyes as he stared down into her still blush-pinkened skin .
she then [found out] that she cared not at all for the dangerous glint that suddenly appeared in his eyes as he stared down into her still blush-pinkened skin .

’ she shrieked , and managed a half-turn away from him , then discovered that he had found a way of keeping her exactly where he wanted her .
’ she shrieked , and managed a half-turn away from him , then [found out] that he had found a way of keeping her exactly where he wanted her .

She discovered she was a split second too late in making a hurried scramble to get off the bed , because , in the next instant , Naylor was there with her , pinning her down with his body .
she [found out] she was a split second too late in making a hurried scramble to get off the bed , because , in the next instant , naylor was there with her , pinning her down with his body .

Though had Leith any anxieties about telling him of her feelings , then she discovered that they were unnecessary anyway , for , glancing at Naylor again , she saw that a cold mask seemed to have slipped over his features .
though had leith any anxieties about telling him of her feelings , then she [found out] that they were unnecessary anyway , for , glancing at naylor again , she saw that a cold mask seemed to have slipped over his features .

Leith sank down into a chair the moment the outer door had closed behind him and discovered that she was trembling .
leith sank down into a chair the moment the outer door had closed behind him and [found out] that she was trembling .

She spent the weekend reading books on caving — or more correctly , she discovered , speleology — and it did nothing to set her mind at rest .
she spent the weekend reading books on caving — or more correctly , she [found out] , speleology — and it did nothing to set her mind at rest .

Kathleen was called to the phone and discovered her mother crying and laughing all at once , with all the family , it seemed , lined up behind her waiting to talk .
kathleen was called to the phone and [found out] her mother crying and laughing all at once , with all the family , it seemed , lined up behind her waiting to talk .

She should have left Rome as she 'd planned , she should never have looked into her heart and discovered a truth that could destroy her .
she should have left rome as she 'd planned , she should never have looked into her heart and [found out] a truth that could destroy her .

Caroline discovered that Nicolo had not bought too much food , because they finished it all , right down to the last bit of crusty , delicious bread .
caroline [found out] that nicolo had not bought too much food , because they finished it all , right down to the last bit of crusty , delicious bread .

It became important that he should go on believing the lie , for what he could do if he discovered the truth of the situation did n't bear thinking about .
it became important that he should go on believing the lie , for what he could do if he [found out] the truth of the situation did n't bear thinking about .

It was n't until she had returned to the lounge after washing-up that she had discovered that the door of the glass display cabinet was swinging open .
it was n't until she had returned to the lounge after washing-up that she had [found out] that the door of the glass display cabinet was swinging open .

She glanced round as his footsteps grew louder , and when his tall figure loomed up out of the gloom she frowned , because she had discovered she was pleased to see him .
she glanced round as his footsteps grew louder , and when his tall figure loomed up out of the gloom she frowned , because she had [found out] she was pleased to see him .

Tensely they waited , expecting to be discovered at any moment .
tensely they waited , expecting to be [found out] at any moment .

She headed off upstream , and discovered a fair-sized pool after only a couple of minutes ' walk .
she headed off upstream , and [found out] a fair-sized pool after only a couple of minutes ' walk .

What she had discovered about herself last night would always have been doomed .
what she had [found out] about herself last night would always have been doomed .

It was n't his fault that she had discovered her feelings were more than just desire .
it was n't his fault that she had [found out] her feelings were more than just desire .

Travis must have discovered her disappearance by now , and with a sinking heart she realised she had n't put nearly enough distance between them for safety .
travis must have [found out] her disappearance by now , and with a sinking heart she realised she had n't put nearly enough distance between them for safety .

The giggle stopped abruptly as Lori discovered who was in the room .
the giggle stopped abruptly as lori [found out] who was in the room .

However , she had soon discovered that the man 's plans were far more exotic .
however , she had soon [found out] that the man 's plans were far more exotic .

But how had he discovered her whereabouts ?
but how had he [found out] her whereabouts ?

Amid the undergrowth and beneath hedges , a collection of empty paint cans , old pieces of wood , discarded furniture and such was discovered .
amid the undergrowth and beneath hedges , a collection of empty paint cans , old pieces of wood , discarded furniture and such was [found out] .

For some fifteen years now researchers wishing to have special tabulations compiled from the 1961 census of England and Wales have been refused due to ‘ technical difficulties ’ , and more recently it has been discovered that the machine-readable ten per cent sample of the 1971 census for Scotland is no longer accessible ( Marsh 1980 ; Schürer 1985 ) .
for some fifteen years now researchers wishing to have special tabulations compiled from the 1961 census of england and wales have been refused due to ‘ technical difficulties ’ , and more recently it has been [found out] that the machine-readable ten per cent sample of the 1971 census for scotland is no longer accessible ( marsh 1980 ; schürer 1985 ) .

There were admittedly plenty of countries even in Europe — and practically all outside that continent — where the left , revolutionary or otherwise , as yet failed to make any impact on the peasantry ; as the Russian populists ( see chapter 9 above ) discovered when they decided to ‘ go to the people ’ in the 1870s .
there were admittedly plenty of countries even in europe — and practically all outside that continent — where the left , revolutionary or otherwise , as yet failed to make any impact on the peasantry ; as the russian populists ( see chapter 9 above ) [found out] when they decided to ‘ go to the people ’ in the 1870s .

After all Dr Kugelmann recommended Karlsbad to so untypical a member of the middle class as Karl Marx , who carefully registered himself as a ‘ man of private means ’ to avoid identification , until he discovered that as Dr Marx he could save some of the rather steep Kurtaxe .
after all dr kugelmann recommended karlsbad to so untypical a member of the middle class as karl marx , who carefully registered himself as a ‘ man of private means ’ to avoid identification , until he [found out] that as dr marx he could save some of the rather steep kurtaxe .

The Côte d'Azur had been discovered by Lord Brougham , the radical politician whose statue still presides over Cannes , and , though the Russian nobility and gentry became its most lucrative clients , the name ‘ Promenade des Anglais ’ in Nice still indicates who opened this new frontier of moneyed leisure .
the côte d'azur had been [found out] by lord brougham , the radical politician whose statue still presides over cannes , and , though the russian nobility and gentry became its most lucrative clients , the name ‘ promenade des anglais ’ in nice still indicates who opened this new frontier of moneyed leisure .

Towards the end of the century the bourgeoisie discovered at least a temporary formula for combining getting and spending , cushioned by the acquisitions of the past .
towards the end of the century the bourgeoisie [found out] at least a temporary formula for combining getting and spending , cushioned by the acquisitions of the past .

Moreover — another fruitful borrowing from physics — Pasteur discovered in 1848 that chemically identical substances could be physically distinct , e.g .
moreover — another fruitful borrowing from physics — pasteur [found out] in 1848 that chemically identical substances could be physically distinct , e.g .

Thanks to the solution of the problems of atomic weight and valency ( the number of links the atom of an element possesses with other atoms ) , the atomic theory , somewhat neglected after its flowering in the early nineteenth century , came into its own again after 1860 , and simultaneously technology in the shape of the spectroscope ( 1859 ) allowed various new elements to be discovered .
thanks to the solution of the problems of atomic weight and valency ( the number of links the atom of an element possesses with other atoms ) , the atomic theory , somewhat neglected after its flowering in the early nineteenth century , came into its own again after 1860 , and simultaneously technology in the shape of the spectroscope ( 1859 ) allowed various new elements to be [found out] .

Alfred Russel Wallace ( 1823–1913 ) , who actually discovered the theory of natural selection independently of Darwin and shared its glory with him , came from that tradition of artisan science and radicalism which played so important a part in the early nineteenth century and which found ‘ natural history ’ so congenial .
alfred russel wallace ( 1823–1913 ) , who actually [found out] the theory of natural selection independently of darwin and shared its glory with him , came from that tradition of artisan science and radicalism which played so important a part in the early nineteenth century and which found ‘ natural history ’ so congenial .

He discovered just how good during the three weeks that elapsed between the signing of contracts and the opening .
he [found out] just how good during the three weeks that elapsed between the signing of contracts and the opening .

Thomas first discovered that for himself when he was shooting Twice Round The Daffodils .
thomas first [found out] that for himself when he was shooting twice round the daffodils .

Later , when he discovered the identity of the child , then thirteen , he wrote to apologize .
later , when he [found out] the identity of the child , then thirteen , he wrote to apologize .

Where the damage is insidious and not discovered until later , eg industrial diseases , the provisions of s14 of the Limitation Act 1980 which define `` knowledge `` may delay the running of limitation even further , until the plaintiff knows not only that he is ill but also the likely cause .
where the damage is insidious and not [found out] until later , eg industrial diseases , the provisions of s14 of the limitation act 1980 which define `` knowledge `` may delay the running of limitation even further , until the plaintiff knows not only that he is ill but also the likely cause .

It should be noted that cl 3.2 gives a right to reject for latent defects that could not have been discovered upon examination and which appear after a reasonable period of use .
it should be noted that cl 3.2 gives a right to reject for latent defects that could not have been [found out] upon examination and which appear after a reasonable period of use .

Recognition , which once granted will remain in force for three years , will automatically cease upon liquidation or the making of an administration order under the Insolvency Act 1986 and may be withdrawn by the Council in the event that it is subsequently discovered that it was obtained as a result of any error or fraud .
recognition , which once granted will remain in force for three years , will automatically cease upon liquidation or the making of an administration order under the insolvency act 1986 and may be withdrawn by the council in the event that it is subsequently [found out] that it was obtained as a result of any error or fraud .

Some findings may prompt the investors to terminate negotiations and so should be reported as soon as discovered .
some findings may prompt the investors to terminate negotiations and so should be reported as soon as [found out] .

Secondly , the purchaser will wish to protect itself in the sale agreement against any risks which it was unable to identify during the negotiations but which are discovered after completion and to ensure it is compensated against these by the vendor .
secondly , the purchaser will wish to protect itself in the sale agreement against any risks which it was unable to identify during the negotiations but which are [found out] after completion and to ensure it is compensated against these by the vendor .

Only two others have been discovered in North America , and they had been opened in the 18th century .
only two others have been [found out] in north america , and they had been opened in the 18th century .

Karimov claims to have discovered a direct correlation between nuclear tests conducted at the Soviet testing site of Semipalatinsk over the years and earthquakes throughout the former Soviet Union .
karimov claims to have [found out] a direct correlation between nuclear tests conducted at the soviet testing site of semipalatinsk over the years and earthquakes throughout the former soviet union .

French state prosecutor , Béatrice Dupuis , commented : `` We have discovered the tip of the iceberg .
french state prosecutor , béatrice dupuis , commented : `` we have [found out] the tip of the iceberg .

The report lists dozens of safety violations and incidents of sabotage discovered by Blush 's staff to support his argument for the office 's continuing existence .
the report lists dozens of safety violations and incidents of sabotage [found out] by blush 's staff to support his argument for the office 's continuing existence .

Spanish biologists have discovered a new colony of 350 monk seals off the disputed territory of Western Sahara .
spanish biologists have [found out] a new colony of 350 monk seals off the disputed territory of western sahara .

Conservationists discovered the extent of the destruction when they were allowed back into the area recently .
conservationists [found out] the extent of the destruction when they were allowed back into the area recently .

Farmed salmon has been discovered in 13 out of 16 rivers on the west coast of Scotland , while salmon fishermen have reported that 40 per cent of their coastal and estuary catch contains farm-type salmon .
farmed salmon has been [found out] in 13 out of 16 rivers on the west coast of scotland , while salmon fishermen have reported that 40 per cent of their coastal and estuary catch contains farm-type salmon .

The German environmental authorities have closed down the Central Institute for Isotope and Radiation Research , a nuclear research centre based in East Berlin after officials discovered massive contamination of the soil on the premises during routine tests .
the german environmental authorities have closed down the central institute for isotope and radiation research , a nuclear research centre based in east berlin after officials [found out] massive contamination of the soil on the premises during routine tests .

Scientists have discovered that the tons of dust which fall into the ocean provide vital minerals ( particularly iron ) to plankton and krill , shrimp-like animals at the beginning of the food chain .
scientists have [found out] that the tons of dust which fall into the ocean provide vital minerals ( particularly iron ) to plankton and krill , shrimp-like animals at the beginning of the food chain .

The research team has already discovered that the cows emit more methane in the evening , when they are resting and ruminating .
the research team has already [found out] that the cows emit more methane in the evening , when they are resting and ruminating .

Cracks have been discovered at the Ringhals pressurized water reactor in Sweden .
cracks have been [found out] at the ringhals pressurized water reactor in sweden .

The springtime air over the Arctic region has become cleaner in the last decade as a result of anti-pollution measures introduced in Europe , North America and the former Soviet Union , researchers have discovered .
the springtime air over the arctic region has become cleaner in the last decade as a result of anti-pollution measures introduced in europe , north america and the former soviet union , researchers have [found out] .

Residents in an area of Portsmouth have discovered that their homes are built on a toxic waste tip .
residents in an area of portsmouth have [found out] that their homes are built on a toxic waste tip .

They were discovered by environmentalists doing a survey of the region 's flora and fauna .
they were [found out] by environmentalists doing a survey of the region 's flora and fauna .

New species discovered in Vietnamese " lost world "
new species [found out] in vietnamese " lost world "

They also discovered that wind circulation does not , as once thought , protect Antarctica from airborne pollution .
they also [found out] that wind circulation does not , as once thought , protect antarctica from airborne pollution .

Sara discovered that they were to travel in two large buses which were parked outside the house .
sara [found out] that they were to travel in two large buses which were parked outside the house .

Before this was discovered , engineers had already built instruments to exploit the principle , for example to measure the depth of the sea under a ship .
before this was [found out] , engineers had already built instruments to exploit the principle , for example to measure the depth of the sea under a ship .

Is there any evidence that bats have `` discovered `` it too , just as they did the send/receive system ?
is there any evidence that bats have `` [found out] `` it too , just as they did the send/receive system ?

To see this , we must develop the idea of Biomorph Land as a mathematical `` space `` , an endless but orderly vista of morphological variety , but one in which every creature is sitting in its correct place , waiting to be discovered .
to see this , we must develop the idea of biomorph land as a mathematical `` space `` , an endless but orderly vista of morphological variety , but one in which every creature is sitting in its correct place , waiting to be [found out] .

Moreover , it was almost certainly `` discovered `` independently by at least two different groups of bats .
moreover , it was almost certainly `` [found out] `` independently by at least two different groups of bats .

The fungus-farming habit has also been discovered independently and convergently ( more than once ) by several species of beetles .
the fungus-farming habit has also been [found out] independently and convergently ( more than once ) by several species of beetles .

One thing did upset him , and that was innovation ; if the Vicar discovered anything new , on either the theological or the social horizon , he grew hot it was the only time he did get hot .
one thing did upset him , and that was innovation ; if the vicar [found out] anything new , on either the theological or the social horizon , he grew hot it was the only time he did get hot .

Man discovered agriculture .
man [found out] agriculture .

During a visit to him there , Mary is supposed to have written a letter to Bothwell which , discovered later in a silver casket with some poems in French and a written agreement to marry Bothwell , pointed clearly to her complicity in a plot to murder her husband .
during a visit to him there , mary is supposed to have written a letter to bothwell which , [found out] later in a silver casket with some poems in french and a written agreement to marry bothwell , pointed clearly to her complicity in a plot to murder her husband .

Elizabeth soon discovered what was afoot and frightened the mooted consort into a hasty retreat to his Norfolk estates , though she misinterpreted his sudden flight as a prelude to the rising of the north .
elizabeth soon [found out] what was afoot and frightened the mooted consort into a hasty retreat to his norfolk estates , though she misinterpreted his sudden flight as a prelude to the rising of the north .

Before chemical dyes were discovered in the mid-nineteenth century , the colouring of cloth had been achieved by boiling plants in dye kettles . Such hues included :
before chemical dyes were [found out] in the mid-nineteenth century , the colouring of cloth had been achieved by boiling plants in dye kettles . such hues included :

Discovered as recently as 1964 , the cold-hall and open-air swimming pool are now displayed under cover .
[found out] as recently as 1964 , the cold-hall and open-air swimming pool are now displayed under cover .

Then , at some stage , it was discovered that by reducing the proportions of wine and sugar to cream , the whip would remain thick and light without separating .
then , at some stage , it was [found out] that by reducing the proportions of wine and sugar to cream , the whip would remain thick and light without separating .

It was 10 years ago that Dr Roubik first discovered that some stingless bees are exclusively carrion-eaters , based on a complete absence of pollen in the nest , and the absence of the usual pollen baskets on the hind legs of workers .
it was 10 years ago that dr roubik first [found out] that some stingless bees are exclusively carrion-eaters , based on a complete absence of pollen in the nest , and the absence of the usual pollen baskets on the hind legs of workers .

The impasse remained until 1987 , when new Diatryma bones were discovered in north-western Wyoming .
the impasse remained until 1987 , when new diatryma bones were [found out] in north-western wyoming .

But the naivety was not to last , as Dr Hiroshi Nakamura and his colleagues at Japan 's Shinshu University discovered .
but the naivety was not to last , as dr hiroshi nakamura and his colleagues at japan 's shinshu university [found out] .

Then , having discovered the true meaning , we must accept it as the word of God .
then , having [found out] the true meaning , we must accept it as the word of god .

Apparently there had been yet another terrible scene when the old Doctor , his wits once more restored by salt and water , had discovered that he had again been disobeyed .
apparently there had been yet another terrible scene when the old doctor , his wits once more restored by salt and water , had [found out] that he had again been disobeyed .

He had discovered , however , that it was very exhausting but at the same time , once started , felt that it would be unwise to stop , even for a moment .
he had [found out] , however , that it was very exhausting but at the same time , once started , felt that it would be unwise to stop , even for a moment .

Feelings , the Collector now suspected , were just as important as ideas , though young Fleury no longer appeared to think so for he had given up talking of civilization as a `` beneficial disease `` ; he had discovered the manly pleasures to be found in inventing things , in making things work , in getting results , in cause and effect .
feelings , the collector now suspected , were just as important as ideas , though young fleury no longer appeared to think so for he had given up talking of civilization as a `` beneficial disease `` ; he had [found out] the manly pleasures to be found in inventing things , in making things work , in getting results , in cause and effect .

Even our code of etiquette , with its rule that women always have precedence , is a legacy from courtly love , and is felt to be far from natural in modern Japan or India … French poets , in the eleventh century , discovered or invented , or were the first to express , that romantic species of passion which English poets were still writing about in the nineteenth .
even our code of etiquette , with its rule that women always have precedence , is a legacy from courtly love , and is felt to be far from natural in modern japan or india … french poets , in the eleventh century , [found out] or invented , or were the first to express , that romantic species of passion which english poets were still writing about in the nineteenth .

Of those that did , only a tiny proportion happen to lie in the rocks that outcrop on the surface of the ground today ; and of these few , most will be eroded away and destroyed before they are discovered by fossil hunters .
of those that did , only a tiny proportion happen to lie in the rocks that outcrop on the surface of the ground today ; and of these few , most will be eroded away and destroyed before they are [found out] by fossil hunters .

Since we are unlikely yet to have discovered the oldest fossils of all , we can reckon that life started well before 3000 million years ago and as a rough guide , it will serve to let one day represent ten million years .
since we are unlikely yet to have [found out] the oldest fossils of all , we can reckon that life started well before 3000 million years ago and as a rough guide , it will serve to let one day represent ten million years .

On such a calendar , the Gunflint fossils of algae-like organisms , which seemed so extremely ancient when they were first discovered , are seen to be quite latecomers in the history of life , not appearing until the second week of August .
on such a calendar , the gunflint fossils of algae-like organisms , which seemed so extremely ancient when they were first [found out] , are seen to be quite latecomers in the history of life , not appearing until the second week of august .

Even now we are unlikely to have discovered the biggest that exists .
even now we are unlikely to have [found out] the biggest that exists .

Close to its crest lies an outcrop of particularly fine shales and in these some of the most perfectly preserved fossils in the world have been discovered .
close to its crest lies an outcrop of particularly fine shales and in these some of the most perfectly preserved fossils in the world have been [found out] .

The lower element of the double lens was formed by chitin and the surface between the two conforms to a mathematical principle that man discovered only three hundred years ago when trying to correct the spherical aberration of lenses in his telescopes .
the lower element of the double lens was formed by chitin and the surface between the two conforms to a mathematical principle that man [found out] only three hundred years ago when trying to correct the spherical aberration of lenses in his telescopes .

Plants like these are very likely to have been among the earliest forms to colonise the moist margins of the land , but so far no fossil relics of undoubted mosses have been discovered from this early period .
plants like these are very likely to have been among the earliest forms to colonise the moist margins of the land , but so far no fossil relics of undoubted mosses have been [found out] from this early period .

Only one is commonly noticed , the silverfish that glides smoothly across cellar floors or is occasionally discovered making a meal of the dried glue in the bindings of books .
only one is commonly noticed , the silverfish that glides smoothly across cellar floors or is occasionally [found out] making a meal of the dried glue in the bindings of books .

The earliest so far discovered are dragonflies .
the earliest so far [found out] are dragonflies .

The earliest and simplest of these marvellous devices so far discovered were those produced by the magnolias .
the earliest and simplest of these marvellous devices so far [found out] were those produced by the magnolias .

The farther it goes from the entrance before it dances , the farther away is the flower that it has discovered .
the farther it goes from the entrance before it dances , the farther away is the flower that it has [found out] .

Then it was discovered that they are only the larvae of a very well known animal .
then it was [found out] that they are only the larvae of a very well known animal .

These newly discovered pieces of evidence are only fragments of scales , but they can be identified because they match those from complete skeletons that have been found in later rocks .
these newly [found out] pieces of evidence are only fragments of scales , but they can be identified because they match those from complete skeletons that have been found in later rocks .

When they came to examine their gully-riven fronts in detail , they discovered that the rocks were full of the remains of coral .
when they came to examine their gully-riven fronts in detail , they [found out] that the rocks were full of the remains of coral .

No scientist has yet discovered any means of inducing this creature to change into a different form ; but we need have no doubt that its ancestors were true amphibious salamanders .
no scientist has yet [found out] any means of inducing this creature to change into a different form ; but we need have no doubt that its ancestors were true amphibious salamanders .

During her studies in psychology and education , she encountered the work of Piaget , and discovered the fascination of trying to study and understand the development of children 's minds .
during her studies in psychology and education , she encountered the work of piaget , and [found out] the fascination of trying to study and understand the development of children 's minds .

Instead , the context has to be discovered and constructed from the text itself and from other existing knowledge the reader may have .
instead , the context has to be [found out] and constructed from the text itself and from other existing knowledge the reader may have .

She had discovered that he was to deliver an address at a Sunday Times book exhibition , and she arrived there with Polly .
she had [found out] that he was to deliver an address at a sunday times book exhibition , and she arrived there with polly .

At any rate , a reader might find these themes in the poem if he wished to , and Eliot was always prepared to concede the possibility of such meanings when they were discovered .
at any rate , a reader might find these themes in the poem if he wished to , and eliot was always prepared to concede the possibility of such meanings when they were [found out] .

Quite by chance , he discovered just before the ceremony that Jules Laforgue , who had exercised such a decisive influence on his youthful poetry , had also been married at St Barnabas 's .
quite by chance , he [found out] just before the ceremony that jules laforgue , who had exercised such a decisive influence on his youthful poetry , had also been married at st barnabas 's .

It had originally been called The Rest Cure but Eliot discovered that the title had already been used and , after some hesitation , he replaced it with The Elder Statesman .
it had originally been called the rest cure but eliot [found out] that the title had already been used and , after some hesitation , he replaced it with the elder statesman .

Just before my mother 's death , playing around with the photographs on the bedroom mantelpiece , my niece discovered an old photograph underneath one of me at three .
just before my mother 's death , playing around with the photographs on the bedroom mantelpiece , my niece [found out] an old photograph underneath one of me at three .

He spent most of August in Worcestershire and September at Aix , which he had discovered the previous summer .
he spent most of august in worcestershire and september at aix , which he had [found out] the previous summer .

Curzon did not have any very fixed position on the issue , but he was naturally furious when he discovered the extent of his exclusion .
curzon did not have any very fixed position on the issue , but he was naturally furious when he [found out] the extent of his exclusion .

Sue Cavanagh also discovered that loos are shrinking in size as well as in numbers .
sue cavanagh also [found out] that loos are shrinking in size as well as in numbers .

More , that even if it chances to be true , the further claim to have discovered the programme is incredibly courageous , the courage that of enormous intellectual conceit .
more , that even if it chances to be true , the further claim to have [found out] the programme is incredibly courageous , the courage that of enormous intellectual conceit .

And did they reflect that they , who had not merely mastered but discovered the much more difficult law , who had got their economics so impregnably right , would be seen to stand shining brightest of all in the very front rank ?
and did they reflect that they , who had not merely mastered but [found out] the much more difficult law , who had got their economics so impregnably right , would be seen to stand shining brightest of all in the very front rank ?

She was , as Clara had discovered at an early age , colossally inconsistent ; and sometimes Clara thought that it might have been easier to live with a true religious fanatic , whose fads and fancies would be at least predictable and well-marshalled , with the backing of some kind of external authority , from which there could be some appeal .
she was , as clara had [found out] at an early age , colossally inconsistent ; and sometimes clara thought that it might have been easier to live with a true religious fanatic , whose fads and fancies would be at least predictable and well-marshalled , with the backing of some kind of external authority , from which there could be some appeal .

Long before she left school , Clara discovered that whatever negligent indifference might greet her in the bosom of her family , she was capable of arousing strife in breasts other than those of Miss Haines and Mrs Hill .
long before she left school , clara [found out] that whatever negligent indifference might greet her in the bosom of her family , she was capable of arousing strife in breasts other than those of miss haines and mrs hill .

What she did was to go through her cupboards , where she discovered a dress which had once belonged to Clara 's cousin , and which had been enclosed years before in a charitable parcel of hands-on .
what she did was to go through her cupboards , where she [found out] a dress which had once belonged to clara 's cousin , and which had been enclosed years before in a charitable parcel of hands-on .

`` It 's all done by mirrors , `` said Martin , and Clelia said , `` it was made by an awful Frenchman that Martin discovered , was n't it , darling ?
`` it 's all done by mirrors , `` said martin , and clelia said , `` it was made by an awful frenchman that martin [found out] , was n't it , darling ?

They had discovered that Graham had drawn three false passports , in the names of Michael Green , Miles Grant and Mark Gordon , and used one of them to fly to Beirut .
they had [found out] that graham had drawn three false passports , in the names of michael green , miles grant and mark gordon , and used one of them to fly to beirut .

It concerned the plot to overthrow his brother and form a new dictatorship ; but he had discovered another side to the story , a sinister angle that would make international headlines if it were ever made public .
it concerned the plot to overthrow his brother and form a new dictatorship ; but he had [found out] another side to the story , a sinister angle that would make international headlines if it were ever made public .

He had run away from his home in Chicago when he was fifteen and still bore the scars from the beating he had received at the hands of his father after his parents had discovered he was gay .
he had run away from his home in chicago when he was fifteen and still bore the scars from the beating he had received at the hands of his father after his parents had [found out] he was gay .

During his time in Paris Ho Chi Minh had discovered that the French proletariat was not totally committed to the cause of Vietnamese independence : indeed the problems of France 's colonies were much less immediate than their own .
during his time in paris ho chi minh had [found out] that the french proletariat was not totally committed to the cause of vietnamese independence : indeed the problems of france 's colonies were much less immediate than their own .

Like Leclerc 's forces waiting outside Paris in 1944 , Giap 's forces hurrying towards Hanoi in August 1945 discovered that the city was in the process of liberating itself .
like leclerc 's forces waiting outside paris in 1944 , giap 's forces hurrying towards hanoi in august 1945 [found out] that the city was in the process of liberating itself .

The multiple orgasm in the woman and rapid recovery of erection after ejaculation in the man were `` discovered `` by popular writers a few years ago and plugged relentlessly ; yet in the woman one violent orgasm may outweigh several minor ones or the latter may not even be invariably desired , while in the man a rapid re-erection is often physically impossible ( in the more virile youngster it usually takes half to three-quarters of an hour , in the older man anything up to 24 , but there is wide variation between individuals and in differently stimulating situations ) .
the multiple orgasm in the woman and rapid recovery of erection after ejaculation in the man were `` [found out] `` by popular writers a few years ago and plugged relentlessly ; yet in the woman one violent orgasm may outweigh several minor ones or the latter may not even be invariably desired , while in the man a rapid re-erection is often physically impossible ( in the more virile youngster it usually takes half to three-quarters of an hour , in the older man anything up to 24 , but there is wide variation between individuals and in differently stimulating situations ) .

Not all cases of child cruelty have similar implications to those which Kempe and his associates have discovered .
not all cases of child cruelty have similar implications to those which kempe and his associates have [found out] .

Rolling his victim onto his face , he discovered a dagger with an ivory handle and a silver scabbard studded with precious stones .
rolling his victim onto his face , he [found out] a dagger with an ivory handle and a silver scabbard studded with precious stones .

So as not to arouse suspicion , they continued fishing as usual , and when one of the bodies was discovered on the beach of Predmouth Bay a week later it had been so battered on the rocks that the Justices at Fowey had no reason to suspect foul play .
so as not to arouse suspicion , they continued fishing as usual , and when one of the bodies was [found out] on the beach of predmouth bay a week later it had been so battered on the rocks that the justices at fowey had no reason to suspect foul play .

They spun round and discovered Jennifer Gristy , who was trying to look invisible against the cliff face not ten yards from where they stood .
they spun round and [found out] jennifer gristy , who was trying to look invisible against the cliff face not ten yards from where they stood .

As more oilfields were discovered , petroleum products increased by more than 16 times in the 1920s .
as more oilfields were [found out] , petroleum products increased by more than 16 times in the 1920s .

The incredible ruined cities , many more of which still remain to be discovered in the jungle areas , are one fascination , if only to speculate as to how they were built in a civilisation which had no beast of burden bigger than a llama , no wheels , and no cutting edge except stone .
the incredible ruined cities , many more of which still remain to be [found out] in the jungle areas , are one fascination , if only to speculate as to how they were built in a civilisation which had no beast of burden bigger than a llama , no wheels , and no cutting edge except stone .

Information on varieties of stone was given in the duplicated project booklet which the children received at the start of their work , but with some children this would not have been necessary had the school library resource centre contained suitable information in an easily discovered form .
information on varieties of stone was given in the duplicated project booklet which the children received at the start of their work , but with some children this would not have been necessary had the school library resource centre contained suitable information in an easily [found out] form .

Others who were less impressed by what they knew about Law were surprised by what they discovered of his actual abilities , perhaps because his anonymity had prepared them for the worst . Lady Dawkins , who had never heard him speak before , surprised herself by her reaction when she heard him speak at the Albert Hall in January 1912 :
others who were less impressed by what they knew about law were surprised by what they [found out] of his actual abilities , perhaps because his anonymity had prepared them for the worst . lady dawkins , who had never heard him speak before , surprised herself by her reaction when she heard him speak at the albert hall in january 1912 :

Birmingham was quite independent of the party and as late as 1929 was not afraid to show its independence : in that year Neville Chamberlain complained bitterly when he discovered that the Party Chairman had written to businesses in Birmingham for contributions to party funds , for this was regarded as poaching from local preserves .
birmingham was quite independent of the party and as late as 1929 was not afraid to show its independence : in that year neville chamberlain complained bitterly when he [found out] that the party chairman had written to businesses in birmingham for contributions to party funds , for this was regarded as poaching from local preserves .

Lloyd George discovered in 1919 , as Law had done in 1914 , that a Unionist party that had given its total commitment to a cause would not be fobbed off with a compromise .
lloyd george [found out] in 1919 , as law had done in 1914 , that a unionist party that had given its total commitment to a cause would not be fobbed off with a compromise .

as Law discovered in 1920 :
as law [found out] in 1920 :

In 1885 Balmer discovered a striking numerological relationship between the frequencies of the most prominent lines .
in 1885 balmer [found out] a striking numerological relationship between the frequencies of the most prominent lines .

Discovered by Wolfgang Pauli , this asserts that no two electrons are ever in exactly the same state of motion .
[found out] by wolfgang pauli , this asserts that no two electrons are ever in exactly the same state of motion .

These states of motion are subject to instantaneous change through the act of measurement , in a process for which we can not claim to have discovered an exhaustive and convincing interpretation .
these states of motion are subject to instantaneous change through the act of measurement , in a process for which we can not claim to have [found out] an exhaustive and convincing interpretation .

And brainy boffins have at last discovered the main cause of ‘ global warming ’ .
and brainy boffins have at last [found out] the main cause of ‘ global warming ’ .

Some of the greatest anatomists of the Renaissance and post-Renaissance periods witnessed dissections there , including William Harvey , who discovered the circulation of the blood .
some of the greatest anatomists of the renaissance and post-renaissance periods witnessed dissections there , including william harvey , who [found out] the circulation of the blood .

Like Tavaré and Bill Athey , for much of the summer , Mark Nicholas has discovered how elusive runs can be .
like tavaré and bill athey , for much of the summer , mark nicholas has [found out] how elusive runs can be .

An excellent example of a site which has been discovered by field work is that at Kingscote , Glos .
an excellent example of a site which has been [found out] by field work is that at kingscote , glos .

In 1956 , the Glasgow Archaeological Society celebrated its centenary , and at the time a new fort at Bishopton , discovered from the air , was being investigated .
in 1956 , the glasgow archaeological society celebrated its centenary , and at the time a new fort at bishopton , [found out] from the air , was being investigated .

In 1945 some of the boxes in which the treasures of the conventual church of St Servatius had been stored were discovered to have been broken open , and twelve of the precious objects were missing .
in 1945 some of the boxes in which the treasures of the conventual church of st servatius had been stored were [found out] to have been broken open , and twelve of the precious objects were missing .

These carvings have been off display for many years as it was discovered that atmospheric pollution , even within the museum , was eating away at the stone .
these carvings have been off display for many years as it was [found out] that atmospheric pollution , even within the museum , was eating away at the stone .

Also included in the exhibition are sixteen canvases by Frida Kahlo , recently discovered and popularised , and kinetic works by Le Parc , Cruz-Diez and Soto .
also included in the exhibition are sixteen canvases by frida kahlo , recently [found out] and popularised , and kinetic works by le parc , cruz-diez and soto .

Unfortunately , when the cars were destroyed by fire , the dealer discovered that no insurance coverage had been arranged by the finance company .
unfortunately , when the cars were destroyed by fire , the dealer [found out] that no insurance coverage had been arranged by the finance company .

In the course of his research , he has discovered missing works and found documentary photographs recording paintings and objects which have been lost or destroyed .
in the course of his research , he has [found out] missing works and found documentary photographs recording paintings and objects which have been lost or destroyed .

In 1972 the diver Robert Marx , who has specialised in the salvaging of treasure from wrecks around the world , located the ‘ Maravillas ’ from nautical charts discovered in Seville together with a copy of the ship 's cargo manifest .
in 1972 the diver robert marx , who has specialised in the salvaging of treasure from wrecks around the world , located the ‘ maravillas ’ from nautical charts [found out] in seville together with a copy of the ship 's cargo manifest .

Caiphas 's tomb discovered
caiphas 's tomb [found out]

Its editor is Jaynie Anderson , whose biography of Morelli , along with a wealth of her newly discovered material on him , is included .
its editor is jaynie anderson , whose biography of morelli , along with a wealth of her newly [found out] material on him , is included .

The gallery has secured a newly discovered and never before exhibited example from that group ‘ Sunset at Petworth House ’ and has placed it among examples by other artists from Richard Dadd to Lucian Freud in a show called ‘ British Watercolors ’ , on from 5 May to 5 June .
the gallery has secured a newly [found out] and never before exhibited example from that group ‘ sunset at petworth house ’ and has placed it among examples by other artists from richard dadd to lucian freud in a show called ‘ british watercolors ’ , on from 5 may to 5 june .

Minoan wall frescoes showing youths leaping over bulls in the Cretan manner have been discovered in the Nile Delta .
minoan wall frescoes showing youths leaping over bulls in the cretan manner have been [found out] in the nile delta .

Archaeologists have discovered a complete Roman house beneath the leaning tower of Pisa , containing dinner plates and wine jugs .
archaeologists have [found out] a complete roman house beneath the leaning tower of pisa , containing dinner plates and wine jugs .

The oldest civilisation in black Africa has been discovered by archaeologists .
the oldest civilisation in black africa has been [found out] by archaeologists .

There are two studies of ‘ Pentecost ’ , one recently discovered by Elisa Avagnina in a church near Bassano , a rare bozzetto of ‘ St Paul preaching ’ from Padua , and the large altarpieces of ‘ Sts Peter and Paul ’ from Modena and the ‘ Crucifixion ’ from Treviso .
there are two studies of ‘ pentecost ’ , one recently [found out] by elisa avagnina in a church near bassano , a rare bozzetto of ‘ st paul preaching ’ from padua , and the large altarpieces of ‘ sts peter and paul ’ from modena and the ‘ crucifixion ’ from treviso .

There are certainly more archival documents concerning Piero 's life and work to be discovered .
there are certainly more archival documents concerning piero 's life and work to be [found out] .

Often cancers of these organs are not discovered until it is too late to cure them : less than 8 % of lung cancer patients are alive five years after diagnosis [ 2 ] .
often cancers of these organs are not [found out] until it is too late to cure them : less than 8 % of lung cancer patients are alive five years after diagnosis [ 2 ] .

The first version of Matisse 's ‘ La Danse ’ has been discovered ; valued at $17.8 million , the French State is deciding the painting 's future
the first version of matisse 's ‘ la danse ’ has been [found out] ; valued at $17.8 million , the french state is deciding the painting 's future

Has the corporate world discovered political correctness ?
has the corporate world [found out] political correctness ?

Sculpture from newly discovered Roman city of Bet She'an at the Israel Museum until October
sculpture from newly [found out] roman city of bet she'an at the israel museum until october

After an unhappy childhood ( his parents suffered a very public divorce in 1912 ) Paul Mellon read various subjects at Yale followed by a happy year at Cambridge , England , where he discovered fox-hunting and horse racing a lifelong passion .
after an unhappy childhood ( his parents suffered a very public divorce in 1912 ) paul mellon read various subjects at yale followed by a happy year at cambridge , england , where he [found out] fox-hunting and horse racing a lifelong passion .

With his remarkable gift for talent-spotting , Lybke discovered former East German artists engaged in ‘ undesirable ’ art forms such as free painting , installations or performance art , including Rainer Görss , Jörg Herold , Uwe Kowski , the Carsten brothers and Olaf Nicolai .
with his remarkable gift for talent-spotting , lybke [found out] former east german artists engaged in ‘ undesirable ’ art forms such as free painting , installations or performance art , including rainer görss , jörg herold , uwe kowski , the carsten brothers and olaf nicolai .

From the other point of the compass , the finds from a Canadian village have led the organisers to postulate that the ‘ prairie country ’ of Norse myth may have been Newfoundland , discovered 500 years before Columbus .
from the other point of the compass , the finds from a canadian village have led the organisers to postulate that the ‘ prairie country ’ of norse myth may have been newfoundland , [found out] 500 years before columbus .

Latvian tombs , hoards of treasure found in Estonia , jewellery , statuettes and household articles discovered in Poland , together with objects from the Byzantine and Islamic worlds illustrate how this people of warriors and merchants expanded eastward as far as the Caliphate of Baghdad , while excavations in ‘ Norman ’ territory ( at Downham in Norfolk and in the vicinity of Rouen ) provide proof of Norse expansionism in another direction .
latvian tombs , hoards of treasure found in estonia , jewellery , statuettes and household articles [found out] in poland , together with objects from the byzantine and islamic worlds illustrate how this people of warriors and merchants expanded eastward as far as the caliphate of baghdad , while excavations in ‘ norman ’ territory ( at downham in norfolk and in the vicinity of rouen ) provide proof of norse expansionism in another direction .

‘ Housewifery expands to fill the time available ’ — this principle was discovered by Betty Friedan in her 1950s tour of American suburbia .
‘ housewifery expands to fill the time available ’ — this principle was [found out] by betty friedan in her 1950s tour of american suburbia .

The addition of the words `` The Editor `` are still not going to solve the problem , since the editor of a national Newspaper is hardly likely to be interested in the launch a new kettle or the fact that your organisation has discovered a new way to process cheese !
the addition of the words `` the editor `` are still not going to solve the problem , since the editor of a national newspaper is hardly likely to be interested in the launch a new kettle or the fact that your organisation has [found out] a new way to process cheese !

They are always discovered and the end result is extremely bad relations .
they are always [found out] and the end result is extremely bad relations .

They claim to have discovered a close relationship between the rate of growth in Gross National Product and the type of college education favoured by Britain 's economic competitors , arguing that the nations that prosper most are those that prepare their students best for the `` enterprise culture `` of the late twentieth century .
they claim to have [found out] a close relationship between the rate of growth in gross national product and the type of college education favoured by britain 's economic competitors , arguing that the nations that prosper most are those that prepare their students best for the `` enterprise culture `` of the late twentieth century .

If you 've worked your way conscientiously through all the preceding chapters , sorted out the roof over your head , sussed out the teaching staff , discovered your way round the library and begun to develop good study habits , you may well be forgiven for thinking you wo n't find much time or space or energy left for anything like sex or love .
if you 've worked your way conscientiously through all the preceding chapters , sorted out the roof over your head , sussed out the teaching staff , [found out] your way round the library and begun to develop good study habits , you may well be forgiven for thinking you wo n't find much time or space or energy left for anything like sex or love .

It is clear that when demand is at level , the industry is a natural monopoly , and when demand is at level , as we have just discovered , the industry is still a natural monopoly .
it is clear that when demand is at level , the industry is a natural monopoly , and when demand is at level , as we have just [found out] , the industry is still a natural monopoly .

If a cheaper potential supplier is discovered , a firm contract between the parties may be signed .
if a cheaper potential supplier is [found out] , a firm contract between the parties may be signed .

Returning to the main theme , we have discovered that natural monopolies can coexist with almost perfectly contestable industries .
returning to the main theme , we have [found out] that natural monopolies can coexist with almost perfectly contestable industries .

Very briefly , they discovered that public sector boards were smaller on average , had more part-time members , had a broader membership background ; members had a shorter length of service , held fewer outside appointments and were paid less than private sector boards .
very briefly , they [found out] that public sector boards were smaller on average , had more part-time members , had a broader membership background ; members had a shorter length of service , held fewer outside appointments and were paid less than private sector boards .

What caused the accident remains a mystery , although a cut in on of the rear tyres was discovered over a week later , but according to Lotus is was impossible to be categoric as to the real cause .
what caused the accident remains a mystery , although a cut in on of the rear tyres was [found out] over a week later , but according to lotus is was impossible to be categoric as to the real cause .

He then took his engineering skills into the Alfa factory where he soon discovered he enjoyed the organizing side of the sport more than racing .
he then took his engineering skills into the alfa factory where he soon [found out] he enjoyed the organizing side of the sport more than racing .

He returns to his routine , but finds that once again he has failed . While his thoughts were on Venus the landscape was rubbed away like chalk from a blackboard and he has lost the means of identifying the newly discovered stars …
he returns to his routine , but finds that once again he has failed . while his thoughts were on venus the landscape was rubbed away like chalk from a blackboard and he has lost the means of identifying the newly [found out] stars …

Prehistoric graves have recently been discovered in the vicinity .
prehistoric graves have recently been [found out] in the vicinity .

It followed the line of the narrow belt of Purbeck ‘ marble ’ to Peveril , where the Romans first used it for monuments such as the inscribed memorials discovered at Silchester and Colchester .
it followed the line of the narrow belt of purbeck ‘ marble ’ to peveril , where the romans first used it for monuments such as the inscribed memorials [found out] at silchester and colchester .

By 1845 it had been discovered that eggs were ejected spontaneously but this largely failed to affect existing views of sexuality .
by 1845 it had been [found out] that eggs were ejected spontaneously but this largely failed to affect existing views of sexuality .

Knowledge about cyclical patterns of women 's sexual feelings were in part dependent on further research in endocrinology , and it was not until 1928 that two scientists working separately , Ogino and Knaus , discovered the hormonal pattern for the menstrual cycle .
knowledge about cyclical patterns of women 's sexual feelings were in part dependent on further research in endocrinology , and it was not until 1928 that two scientists working separately , ogino and knaus , [found out] the hormonal pattern for the menstrual cycle .

After the model had been repaired , Watt discovered that it would only work for a few stroked and then stop .
after the model had been repaired , watt [found out] that it would only work for a few stroked and then stop .

‘ Some chap or other told me once , ’ Artemis 's father suddenly said , ‘ that somebody or other discovered America before Columbus or whoever it was who did , but decided it was best to keep it under his hat . ’
‘ some chap or other told me once , ’ artemis 's father suddenly said , ‘ that somebody or other [found out] america before columbus or whoever it was who did , but decided it was best to keep it under his hat . ’

Trade unionists also discovered that provision of benefits were an effective means of retaining members between periods of industrial militancy .
trade unionists also [found out] that provision of benefits were an effective means of retaining members between periods of industrial militancy .

He discovered from Board of Trade figures for 1907 that agricultural earnings varied from an average of below 16s .
he [found out] from board of trade figures for 1907 that agricultural earnings varied from an average of below 16s .

Mark Twain fancifully observed that God had modelled heaven on Mauritius , a thought which has been echoed by thousands of travellers who have since discovered the untapped beauty and raw charm of this lovely isle .
mark twain fancifully observed that god had modelled heaven on mauritius , a thought which has been echoed by thousands of travellers who have since [found out] the untapped beauty and raw charm of this lovely isle .

After lunch , your drive takes you through the Serengeti to the Olduvai Gorge where May Leakey discovered Zinjanthropus and East Africa as the origin of man .
after lunch , your drive takes you through the serengeti to the olduvai gorge where may leakey [found out] zinjanthropus and east africa as the origin of man .

Spend four days seeing the sights of Union Square , Chinatown , Fisherman 's Wharf and the charming bay area , best discovered in traditional fashion aboard a cable car .
spend four days seeing the sights of union square , chinatown , fisherman 's wharf and the charming bay area , best [found out] in traditional fashion aboard a cable car .

The age range is usually 15–44 years , and the woman may have suffered a recent miscarriage or discovered she is infertile .
the age range is usually 15–44 years , and the woman may have suffered a recent miscarriage or [found out] she is infertile .

This policy should also include procedures for action when a neonate is discovered missing .
this policy should also include procedures for action when a neonate is [found out] missing .

Another aspect of organisations which you might have discovered is that organisations are constantly changing .
another aspect of organisations which you might have [found out] is that organisations are constantly changing .

They discovered eight common characteristics amongst these firms .
they [found out] eight common characteristics amongst these firms .

It was an hour before he was discovered missing and we spent the rest of the afternoon searching for him in the woods and plains surrounding the house .
it was an hour before he was [found out] missing and we spent the rest of the afternoon searching for him in the woods and plains surrounding the house .

We stayed that night in an empty holiday home we discovered on the edge of a village .
we stayed that night in an empty holiday home we [found out] on the edge of a village .

It would involve crawling out of a window while nobody was looking and trusting in the spirit of Christmas goodwill should we be discovered .
it would involve crawling out of a window while nobody was looking and trusting in the spirit of christmas goodwill should we be [found out] .

The great defect in such writing is that it is often structured by questions of the form Who discovered such and such a fact first ?
the great defect in such writing is that it is often structured by questions of the form who [found out] such and such a fact first ?

Any information so discovered must be confined to the authority empowered by the warrant to discover it , and may not be disclosed to private persons or private bodies .
any information so [found out] must be confined to the authority empowered by the warrant to discover it , and may not be disclosed to private persons or private bodies .

In 1988 Ian Brady and Myra Hindley , both serving life sentences for murder , were back in the headlines when the Greater Manchester Police re-opened the Moors murders case and discovered the body of another child .
in 1988 ian brady and myra hindley , both serving life sentences for murder , were back in the headlines when the greater manchester police re-opened the moors murders case and [found out] the body of another child .

In some cases , the two become connected in ways that defy control , as Brazil has discovered .
in some cases , the two become connected in ways that defy control , as brazil has [found out] .

But , as other African countries have discovered , African insurance companies were too small to carry major risks and had to lay them off with foreign re-insurers .
but , as other african countries have [found out] , african insurance companies were too small to carry major risks and had to lay them off with foreign re-insurers .

At the head of these troops was a battalion of fusiliers of the 15th Regiment of Infantry , commanded by Maj von Keller , which Gneisenau had earlier discovered sprawling in the ditches by the roadside within sight of Genappe .
at the head of these troops was a battalion of fusiliers of the 15th regiment of infantry , commanded by maj von keller , which gneisenau had earlier [found out] sprawling in the ditches by the roadside within sight of genappe .

Apart from the £2,500 for which he allegedly sold the dormeuse to the British government , von Keller is reputed to have discovered a quantity of diamonds ( originally ceded to Napoleon by his brother Joseph ) sewn into the lining of the Emperor 's spare uniform .
apart from the £2,500 for which he allegedly sold the dormeuse to the british government , von keller is reputed to have [found out] a quantity of diamonds ( originally ceded to napoleon by his brother joseph ) sewn into the lining of the emperor 's spare uniform .

Labov ( 1973 ) , studying negro youths in the New York ghetto , discovered , as did anthropologists studying other cultures , that representations of cognitive ‘ deprivation ’ were founded upon misunderstanding of the real meanings of such people 's statements and actions , and upon ethnocentric assumptions about the ways in which logic can be recognised .
labov ( 1973 ) , studying negro youths in the new york ghetto , [found out] , as did anthropologists studying other cultures , that representations of cognitive ‘ deprivation ’ were founded upon misunderstanding of the real meanings of such people 's statements and actions , and upon ethnocentric assumptions about the ways in which logic can be recognised .

was discovered in the course of such numerological experientation .
was [found out] in the course of such numerological experientation .

Since the Act was introduced , Community Care has discovered that , far from preventing young people going into custody , more 17-year-olds are being locked up .
since the act was introduced , community care has [found out] that , far from preventing young people going into custody , more 17-year-olds are being locked up .

It is constructed rather than discovered by the historian .
it is constructed rather than [found out] by the historian .

He explained his interest in moral , political , and legal issues as that of ‘ an economist who discovered that if he was to draw from his technical knowledge conclusions relevant to the public issues of our time , he had to make up his mind on many questions to which economics did not supply an answer ’ .
he explained his interest in moral , political , and legal issues as that of ‘ an economist who [found out] that if he was to draw from his technical knowledge conclusions relevant to the public issues of our time , he had to make up his mind on many questions to which economics did not supply an answer ’ .

It did not look very neat , he had to admit , but unless the prospective buyer looked down into the cabinet the bodgery would not be discovered .
it did not look very neat , he had to admit , but unless the prospective buyer looked down into the cabinet the bodgery would not be [found out] .

He came to understand the need to settle for half a loaf rather than nothing at all ; he recognized the need to negotiate with legislators while he also discovered how to bring them into line by going over their heads to the people .
he came to understand the need to settle for half a loaf rather than nothing at all ; he recognized the need to negotiate with legislators while he also [found out] how to bring them into line by going over their heads to the people .

Bleary-eyed after counting and recounting 15,000 layers , they discovered that the climate shifts occurred in less than a decade and that the shifts occurred approximately 1,000 years earlier than previously estimated from the ice cores .
bleary-eyed after counting and recounting 15,000 layers , they [found out] that the climate shifts occurred in less than a decade and that the shifts occurred approximately 1,000 years earlier than previously estimated from the ice cores .

But in 1872 discovered one of the jewels of nineteenth-century physics , a precise quantitative relation giving the entropy of a gas in terms of mechanical quantities , namely the distribution of positions and velocities of its molecules .
but in 1872 [found out] one of the jewels of nineteenth-century physics , a precise quantitative relation giving the entropy of a gas in terms of mechanical quantities , namely the distribution of positions and velocities of its molecules .

Around the turn of the century , discovered another important formula connecting entropy with mechanical quantities .
around the turn of the century , [found out] another important formula connecting entropy with mechanical quantities .

Clients often discovered disasters affecting share prices of stocks too late .
clients often [found out] disasters affecting share prices of stocks too late .

Dealers ' homes were raided at 5.00 a. m. one morning , and a number of Harvard 's leads were discovered .
dealers ' homes were raided at 5.00 a. m. one morning , and a number of harvard 's leads were [found out] .

If dealers were discovered looking for jobs from other licensed dealers , they would usually get fired on the spot .
if dealers were [found out] looking for jobs from other licensed dealers , they would usually get fired on the spot .

The few who discovered this later naturally felt that this part of their training was not helpful .
the few who [found out] this later naturally felt that this part of their training was not helpful .

After Big Bang , private clients discovered that stockbrokers were offering them an increasingly impersonal service .
after big bang , private clients [found out] that stockbrokers were offering them an increasingly impersonal service .

Despite all his careful preliminary research , Bjornsson discovered that if he calculated a formula from one half of his data he obtained a completely different equation from that which was obtained from the other half .
despite all his careful preliminary research , bjornsson [found out] that if he calculated a formula from one half of his data he obtained a completely different equation from that which was obtained from the other half .

What was discovered was that , in general , the researchers could manipulate the passages in all kinds of ways without the Cornell students being thrown : if-then relations could be missed out , the logical structure of the passage could be masked by inserting a crucial sentence in the wrong place ; yet the Cornell students still performed well on the recall tests .
what was [found out] was that , in general , the researchers could manipulate the passages in all kinds of ways without the cornell students being thrown : if-then relations could be missed out , the logical structure of the passage could be masked by inserting a crucial sentence in the wrong place ; yet the cornell students still performed well on the recall tests .

( Computer adds it to list of treasures discovered so far . )
( computer adds it to list of treasures [found out] so far . )

When that was discovered she had been thrown out on the streets , and subsequently forced to live in a brothel .
when that was [found out] she had been thrown out on the streets , and subsequently forced to live in a brothel .

Patrick did n't like to think what would happen if his mother ever discovered his association with Joseph .
patrick did n't like to think what would happen if his mother ever [found out] his association with joseph .

He especially did n't like to think what would happen if his mother ever discovered that he was going to sneak out of the house to attend an illegal meeting a few days hence .
he especially did n't like to think what would happen if his mother ever [found out] that he was going to sneak out of the house to attend an illegal meeting a few days hence .

Michael Lee was well used to Katherine 's preference for darkened rooms ; when had had first started work for her , he had done some research and discovered that when she had operated in Dublin , she had never appeared in public during the daylight hours and always met her business associates in darkened rooms , where she was known only as Madam Kitten .
michael lee was well used to katherine 's preference for darkened rooms ; when had had first started work for her , he had done some research and [found out] that when she had operated in dublin , she had never appeared in public during the daylight hours and always met her business associates in darkened rooms , where she was known only as madam kitten .

He also had a small stable of girls working the docks , specializing in the new boats to put into harbour , and the girls had their instructions to discover details of the shipment … and there was always a bonus if they discovered an interesting cargo .
he also had a small stable of girls working the docks , specializing in the new boats to put into harbour , and the girls had their instructions to discover details of the shipment … and there was always a bonus if they [found out] an interesting cargo .

With no choice , he told her and while he never discovered what she did or said to the girl or her parents , the girl never spoke to him again , indeed , never even looked in his direction .
with no choice , he told her and while he never [found out] what she did or said to the girl or her parents , the girl never spoke to him again , indeed , never even looked in his direction .

At the time he had assumed that she had simply contacted the address on some pretext and discovered that he had n't been there , but it was only later , when the argument had blown over , that he remembered that the address he had given his mother had been vacant .
at the time he had assumed that she had simply contacted the address on some pretext and [found out] that he had n't been there , but it was only later , when the argument had blown over , that he remembered that the address he had given his mother had been vacant .

And there are new techniques being discovered every day — why , the Great War alone brought us many new methods of surgery and medicine . ``
and there are new techniques being [found out] every day — why , the great war alone brought us many new methods of surgery and medicine . ``

He did n't want to think of what would happen if his mother discovered that he had been out of the house .
he did n't want to think of what would happen if his mother [found out] that he had been out of the house .

Patrick turned over in the bed , and discovered that there was a fire burning in the grate and a breakfast tray on the small side-table beside the bed .
patrick turned over in the bed , and [found out] that there was a fire burning in the grate and a breakfast tray on the small side-table beside the bed .

He glanced over his shoulder again , and discovered that the two men were nowhere to be seen — it had been nothing more than his imagination .
he glanced over his shoulder again , and [found out] that the two men were nowhere to be seen — it had been nothing more than his imagination .

Patrick saw something settle down behind his mother 's eyes , something like satisfaction , and the anger that had burned within him since he had discovered the identity of Joseph Hyde 's attackers , turned cold and brittle .
patrick saw something settle down behind his mother 's eyes , something like satisfaction , and the anger that had burned within him since he had [found out] the identity of joseph hyde 's attackers , turned cold and brittle .

he knew that they had n't been followed , but he also knew that as soon as his mother discovered that he — that both of them — had gone , the first place she would head for would be Joe Hyde 's flat .
he knew that they had n't been followed , but he also knew that as soon as his mother [found out] that he — that both of them — had gone , the first place she would head for would be joe hyde 's flat .

New ways of solving the quartic equation were discovered but still the quintic equation resisted attack .
new ways of solving the quartic equation were [found out] but still the quintic equation resisted attack .

In 1801 he became famous in the eyes of the general public by locating the exact position of the newly discovered ( and subsequently lost ! )
in 1801 he became famous in the eyes of the general public by locating the exact position of the newly [found out] ( and subsequently lost ! )

Reflexes mediated by the antennae were also discovered by Hollick ( 1940 ) to modify the path of the wing , and therefore the flight-characteristics , of Muscina , but the role of the halteres of Diptera and male Strepsiptera in controlling equilibrium during flight is perhaps the best known of these mechanisms ( Pringle , 1948 ; Schneider , 1953 ) .
reflexes mediated by the antennae were also [found out] by hollick ( 1940 ) to modify the path of the wing , and therefore the flight-characteristics , of muscina , but the role of the halteres of diptera and male strepsiptera in controlling equilibrium during flight is perhaps the best known of these mechanisms ( pringle , 1948 ; schneider , 1953 ) .

There is art in all of us , in one form or another , but it must be discovered and developed , and this is one of our purposes as teachers to discover the art in children and develop it .
there is art in all of us , in one form or another , but it must be [found out] and developed , and this is one of our purposes as teachers to discover the art in children and develop it .

What is certain is that they discovered that electrical stimulation of some parts of the cortex caused movements in the limbs on the opposite side of the body from the part of the brain that had been stimulated .
what is certain is that they [found out] that electrical stimulation of some parts of the cortex caused movements in the limbs on the opposite side of the body from the part of the brain that had been stimulated .

Berger discovered the alpha rhythm , running at 10 cycles per second ( Hertz , or Hz ) and also discovered that it disappeared if the eyes were opened , with mental effort such as doing mental arithmetic with eyes closed , and with loud noises or painful stimuli .
berger [found out] the alpha rhythm , running at 10 cycles per second ( hertz , or hz ) and also [found out] that it disappeared if the eyes were opened , with mental effort such as doing mental arithmetic with eyes closed , and with loud noises or painful stimuli .

When at the top he was disappointed to find no flag , but with some cautious experimentation discovered that he did not need to hold on to the pole — he could float .
when at the top he was disappointed to find no flag , but with some cautious experimentation [found out] that he did not need to hold on to the pole — he could float .

While a great deal has been discovered about the physiology of sleep , and psychologists have developed reliable techniques for establishing when people are likely to be dreaming , there has not been an equivalent amount of progress in understanding the nature of dreams .
while a great deal has been [found out] about the physiology of sleep , and psychologists have developed reliable techniques for establishing when people are likely to be dreaming , there has not been an equivalent amount of progress in understanding the nature of dreams .

However , one night Isis had left the casket unattended and by chance when out hunting Seth discovered it .
however , one night isis had left the casket unattended and by chance when out hunting seth [found out] it .

But on this particular evening we discovered we had uninvited guests .
but on this particular evening we [found out] we had uninvited guests .

Over the last thirty years advertising , that most powerful publicity weapon , has discovered how lucrative it can be to add a `` new dimension `` to the service it offers to clients .
over the last thirty years advertising , that most powerful publicity weapon , has [found out] how lucrative it can be to add a `` new dimension `` to the service it offers to clients .

The benefits the Better Shoe scheme could bring to parents were discussed , ideas were exchanged and needs discovered .
the benefits the better shoe scheme could bring to parents were discussed , ideas were exchanged and needs [found out] .

The manners which Topaz had been taught at the convent were good enough as a basis for acceptable behaviour , but she soon discovered that she had a great deal more to learn , and would also have to adopt a whole new set of values .
the manners which topaz had been taught at the convent were good enough as a basis for acceptable behaviour , but she soon [found out] that she had a great deal more to learn , and would also have to adopt a whole new set of values .

She discovered that he had urinary frequency and it was decided that a specimen of urine should be sent to the bacteriology laboratory to discover whether he had a urinary tract infection .
she [found out] that he had urinary frequency and it was decided that a specimen of urine should be sent to the bacteriology laboratory to discover whether he had a urinary tract infection .

There was no central heating , only a collection of electric and oil and gas heaters , imported by tenants or discovered more or less in working order in the Handwork Room where all such things were stowed .
there was no central heating , only a collection of electric and oil and gas heaters , imported by tenants or [found out] more or less in working order in the handwork room where all such things were stowed .

Holborn could be reached directly by the Central Line , she discovered from a wall plan .
holborn could be reached directly by the central line , she [found out] from a wall plan .

If she had discovered that Tina could have said much the same she would have been deeply upset .
if she had [found out] that tina could have said much the same she would have been deeply upset .

This recording is the product of thinking musicians aware that , in spite of the recent recorded outpouring of these celebrated trio sonatas , there is still much to be discovered about them .
this recording is the product of thinking musicians aware that , in spite of the recent recorded outpouring of these celebrated trio sonatas , there is still much to be [found out] about them .

Men are gladly taken back into their lives , but it is themselves the women have discovered .
men are gladly taken back into their lives , but it is themselves the women have [found out] .

Surprisingly she discovered that funding for both film-makers and festival organisers is proving as elusive in the larger metropolitan centres as it is here where the state of gay and lesbian film culture can safely be said to be embryonic at best .
surprisingly she [found out] that funding for both film-makers and festival organisers is proving as elusive in the larger metropolitan centres as it is here where the state of gay and lesbian film culture can safely be said to be embryonic at best .

Goldhawk has discovered that Ansbacher would not guarantee the loan notes until the Telecom deal was certain .
goldhawk has [found out] that ansbacher would not guarantee the loan notes until the telecom deal was certain .

You originally discovered the joys of reading in a neighbour 's house — the Moroneys — yet drew no distinction between Zane Grey and Shakespeare .
you originally [found out] the joys of reading in a neighbour 's house — the moroneys — yet drew no distinction between zane grey and shakespeare .

What Terri Hooley , Dave Sinton and Johnny Hero have discovered may not be new but it 's potentially revolutionary .
what terri hooley , dave sinton and johnny hero have [found out] may not be new but it 's potentially revolutionary .

‘ Cotton Pickers ’ and ‘ How Strong Is Love ’ are singalong jewels , ‘ Blind Faith ’ is savage and incisive , and there is more , much more , just waiting to be discovered , immediately loved and forever treasured by you .
‘ cotton pickers ’ and ‘ how strong is love ’ are singalong jewels , ‘ blind faith ’ is savage and incisive , and there is more , much more , just waiting to be [found out] , immediately loved and forever treasured by you .

William Joyce , the schoolboy of fourteen , discovered a dead neighbour , shot through the head by the rebels for his membership of the Royal Irish Constabulary .
william joyce , the schoolboy of fourteen , [found out] a dead neighbour , shot through the head by the rebels for his membership of the royal irish constabulary .

At the end of four months it was discovered that he was only just sixteen .
at the end of four months it was [found out] that he was only just sixteen .

The name of his assailant was never discovered but Joyce was adamant in repeating that he was a ‘ Jewish Communist .
the name of his assailant was never [found out] but joyce was adamant in repeating that he was a ‘ jewish communist .

As the cars of the beau monde arrived to see the spectacle of Mosley in action , their passengers discovered — as Lord Trenchard complained — that they were surrounded by a jeering crowd of protesters .
as the cars of the beau monde arrived to see the spectacle of mosley in action , their passengers [found out] — as lord trenchard complained — that they were surrounded by a jeering crowd of protesters .

His book Twilight over England , cites the case of a Jewish student who burst into tears when he discovered that he was only the second best and not the best in the list of those who had passed their medical exams .
his book twilight over england , cites the case of a jewish student who burst into tears when he [found out] that he was only the second best and not the best in the list of those who had passed their medical exams .

Numerous defects were discovered in the list of organisations produced by the Americans through the inclusion of bodies not relevant to consultation or of organisations which did not exist .
numerous defects were [found out] in the list of organisations produced by the americans through the inclusion of bodies not relevant to consultation or of organisations which did not exist .

One such find was the two Italian chairs they discovered when they were running a retail furnishing shop .
one such find was the two italian chairs they [found out] when they were running a retail furnishing shop .

Moving from a townhouse to a country cottage can create all sorts of problems . But Helen Hallworth simply decided to keep what she liked best , as Judi Goodwin discovered
moving from a townhouse to a country cottage can create all sorts of problems . but helen hallworth simply decided to keep what she liked best , as judi goodwin [found out]

After spending many years in America , novelist Monica Dickens has returned to live in the English countryside . Deborah Tapp discovered how a picture-postcard thatched cottage is rekindling some very happy memories
after spending many years in america , novelist monica dickens has returned to live in the english countryside . deborah tapp [found out] how a picture-postcard thatched cottage is rekindling some very happy memories

‘ By the time they discovered that maybe graduates were quite useful people the Japanese had stolen the industry .
‘ by the time they [found out] that maybe graduates were quite useful people the japanese had stolen the industry .

But as the months passed and the winter fogs thickened , Mr Punch discovered a new source of inspiration in the hoop-skirt , transforming it into an ingenious anti-garotte device whereby its flowing dimensions could prevent a street robber from approaching his intended victim .
but as the months passed and the winter fogs thickened , mr punch [found out] a new source of inspiration in the hoop-skirt , transforming it into an ingenious anti-garotte device whereby its flowing dimensions could prevent a street robber from approaching his intended victim .

Amidst the ‘ garotting ’ agitations of 1862 , however , those who were discontented with crinolined philanthropy and magnanimous justice discovered a much more amenable slogan around which to marshal their energies .
amidst the ‘ garotting ’ agitations of 1862 , however , those who were discontented with crinolined philanthropy and magnanimous justice [found out] a much more amenable slogan around which to marshal their energies .

Although examples of their work can still be found today , a newer , rather more modern artist has also discovered the humble screen .
although examples of their work can still be found today , a newer , rather more modern artist has also [found out] the humble screen .

Unfortunately , such abundance proved too much for my companions who discovered a white Mercurey ‘ 88 which they insisted would be an experience well worth the £22 price tag .
unfortunately , such abundance proved too much for my companions who [found out] a white mercurey ‘ 88 which they insisted would be an experience well worth the £22 price tag .

The world is discovered , not invented , and , just as a map should record the presence of dragons only if there are dragons , so science should deal in forces and causal laws only if there are such things .
the world is [found out] , not invented , and , just as a map should record the presence of dragons only if there are dragons , so science should deal in forces and causal laws only if there are such things .

When you have a favourite style , it 's simple to build a wardrobe around it , as Liz Cole-Hamilton , mature student and mother of four , discovered
when you have a favourite style , it 's simple to build a wardrobe around it , as liz cole-hamilton , mature student and mother of four , [found out]

Foster , whose own career started at the tender age of 3 , discovered 9-year-old Adam in a New York classroom : ‘ It was him wanting to be something that drew me , ’ she says .
foster , whose own career started at the tender age of 3 , [found out] 9-year-old adam in a new york classroom : ‘ it was him wanting to be something that drew me , ’ she says .

He and a few friends discovered that there was big money to be made by injecting humour into an area traditionally ignored by the British — teaching staff how to be more effective .
he and a few friends [found out] that there was big money to be made by injecting humour into an area traditionally ignored by the british — teaching staff how to be more effective .

And in 1979 Elaine Pagels attracted the world 's attention , and an immense readership , with The Gnostic Gospels — a study of the Nag Hammadi Scrolls , discovered in Egypt in 1945 , which offered a radical new interpretation of Christian teaching and tradition .
and in 1979 elaine pagels attracted the world 's attention , and an immense readership , with the gnostic gospels — a study of the nag hammadi scrolls , [found out] in egypt in 1945 , which offered a radical new interpretation of christian teaching and tradition .

The most famous of these sources , of course , are the Dead Sea Scrolls , discovered in 1947 in the ruins of the ascetic Essene community of Qumran .
the most famous of these sources , of course , are the dead sea scrolls , [found out] in 1947 in the ruins of the ascetic essene community of qumran .

But at least people know what has already been discovered , what has already been said twenty or fifty or seventy years ago .
but at least people know what has already been [found out] , what has already been said twenty or fifty or seventy years ago .

When Masada was excavated in the 1960s , certain documents were found identical to those discovered in the Essene community at Qumran .
when masada was excavated in the 1960s , certain documents were found identical to those [found out] in the essene community at qumran .

Some time previously , he had discovered a system of cryptography — he called it the ‘ Atbash Cipher ’ — which had been used to conceal certain names in Essene/Zadokite/Nazarean texts .
some time previously , he had [found out] a system of cryptography — he called it the ‘ atbash cipher ’ — which had been used to conceal certain names in essene/zadokite/nazarean texts .

Second , heroin use has grown rapidly from a small baseline , and , whilst we shall have to describe the prevalence of heroin use ‘ hidden ’ from agencies , particularly in middle-class areas , it is not a long-standing activity suddenly discovered by labellers which is redefined as a problem .
second , heroin use has grown rapidly from a small baseline , and , whilst we shall have to describe the prevalence of heroin use ‘ hidden ’ from agencies , particularly in middle-class areas , it is not a long-standing activity suddenly [found out] by labellers which is redefined as a problem .

The strength of this argument is increasingly recognised , as the expertise of Central Authorities has grown ; some countries have chosen to use their Central Authorities as transmitting agents , although not required to do so by the Convention , and have discovered that the advantages outweigh any risk of slight delays caused by the extra agency involved within the state of origin .
the strength of this argument is increasingly recognised , as the expertise of central authorities has grown ; some countries have chosen to use their central authorities as transmitting agents , although not required to do so by the convention , and have [found out] that the advantages outweigh any risk of slight delays caused by the extra agency involved within the state of origin .

The two meetings examined in detail the practical workings of the Convention and were able to make suggestions to facilitate its operation , but no major difficulties were discovered .
the two meetings examined in detail the practical workings of the convention and were able to make suggestions to facilitate its operation , but no major difficulties were [found out] .

However , please do not hesitate to ask if you think that something is wrong — it is usually easier to rectify differences if they are brought to our attention as soon as they are discovered .
however , please do not hesitate to ask if you think that something is wrong — it is usually easier to rectify differences if they are brought to our attention as soon as they are [found out] .

… within the disaster area there are discovered close-knit groups — little communities , families , husbands and wives — all brought into even closer intimacy by the catastrophic events that overtake them .
… within the disaster area there are [found out] close-knit groups — little communities , families , husbands and wives — all brought into even closer intimacy by the catastrophic events that overtake them .

In caves and hill-strongholds the legend has persisted of the Lost Prince , Igor Fedorovitch , said to have survived the assassination of his father ; and it is mainly among ‘ simple , pastoral folk ’ that the Forgers of the Sword have been slowly gathering support for the restoration of the rightful king , after his existence and identity have been discovered .
in caves and hill-strongholds the legend has persisted of the lost prince , igor fedorovitch , said to have survived the assassination of his father ; and it is mainly among ‘ simple , pastoral folk ’ that the forgers of the sword have been slowly gathering support for the restoration of the rightful king , after his existence and identity have been [found out] .

‘ The music hall clown who discovered the deep meaning of nonsense ’ with Michael Mann and Christine Furness .
‘ the music hall clown who [found out] the deep meaning of nonsense ’ with michael mann and christine furness .

Londoners discovered that despite the dire predictions , the Scots might look a bit terrifying , but they were more interested in the goings-on at Wembley .
londoners [found out] that despite the dire predictions , the scots might look a bit terrifying , but they were more interested in the goings-on at wembley .

She was particularly concerned when , shortly before her wedding day , she discovered that Prince Charles planned to give his friend a bracelet inscribed with their nicknames ‘ Fred ’ and ‘ Gladys ’ .
she was particularly concerned when , shortly before her wedding day , she [found out] that prince charles planned to give his friend a bracelet inscribed with their nicknames ‘ fred ’ and ‘ gladys ’ .

She discovered the truth about their petnames a few weeks previously when Camilla was taken ill .
she [found out] the truth about their petnames a few weeks previously when camilla was taken ill .

One nanny was sacked on the spot when Diana 's mother discovered that her employee was lacing her elder daughters ' food with laxatives as a punishment .
one nanny was sacked on the spot when diana 's mother [found out] that her employee was lacing her elder daughters ' food with laxatives as a punishment .

When she reached the school gate she discovered that there was no-one there .
when she reached the school gate she [found out] that there was no-one there .

However , Diana discovered that she had a natural aptitude for this work .
however , diana [found out] that she had a natural aptitude for this work .

This was a company , named after their Eton housemaster Bob Baird , which had been formed when they discovered that they were too young legally to book holidays themselves .
this was a company , named after their eton housemaster bob baird , which had been formed when they [found out] that they were too young legally to book holidays themselves .

In May they were discovered by journalists lying on a blanket by the river Dee on the Queen 's estate at Balmoral .
in may they were [found out] by journalists lying on a blanket by the river dee on the queen 's estate at balmoral .

She would have known , as Diana discovered too late , that Camilla 's famous vetting of Charles 's girlfriends was not so much to assess their potential as a royal bride but to see how much of a threat they posed to her friendship with Prince Charles .
she would have known , as diana [found out] too late , that camilla 's famous vetting of charles 's girlfriends was not so much to assess their potential as a royal bride but to see how much of a threat they posed to her friendship with prince charles .

Slowly she discovered tricks of the trade such as weighting her hems so that they did n't blow up in a breeze and she gradually acquired a coterie of designers , including Catherine Walker , David Sassoon and Victor Edelstein , whom she now relies upon .
slowly she [found out] tricks of the trade such as weighting her hems so that they did n't blow up in a breeze and she gradually acquired a coterie of designers , including catherine walker , david sassoon and victor edelstein , whom she now relies upon .

Just as she was bombarded by voices telling her to accept the doctors ' recommendations she discovered that she was pregnant .
just as she was bombarded by voices telling her to accept the doctors ' recommendations she [found out] that she was pregnant .

While Diana passed that test with aplomb , she discovered another truism about royal life .
while diana passed that test with aplomb , she [found out] another truism about royal life .

She had become reconciled to the idea of an eternal shadow ; she discovered that , far from being a threat , her bodyguards were much wiser sounding boards than many of the gentleman courtiers who fluttered around her .
she had become reconciled to the idea of an eternal shadow ; she [found out] that , far from being a threat , her bodyguards were much wiser sounding boards than many of the gentleman courtiers who fluttered around her .

They discovered an instant rapport .
they [found out] an instant rapport .

Nearly every village has some secret treasure to be discovered ; be it a pottery , a moated rectory , or the ruins of an abbey or priory , dozens of which stood resplendent throughout the region before the dissolution of the monasteries .
nearly every village has some secret treasure to be [found out] ; be it a pottery , a moated rectory , or the ruins of an abbey or priory , dozens of which stood resplendent throughout the region before the dissolution of the monasteries .

It was discovered that its mud walls had been encased by bricks and its thatched roof covered by pantiles in the nineteenth century .
it was [found out] that its mud walls had been encased by bricks and its thatched roof covered by pantiles in the nineteenth century .

This might indeed have happened but for the good fortune of it being discovered by Frits and Maaike Luikens , a Dutch couple who were living in Alford at that time .
this might indeed have happened but for the good fortune of it being [found out] by frits and maaike luikens , a dutch couple who were living in alford at that time .

They found none but instead discovered medicinal water , unique for its richness in salts of iodine and bromine .
they found none but instead [found out] medicinal water , unique for its richness in salts of iodine and bromine .

He had only ever been discovered once and still bore the scars on his wrist from the Alsatian 's razor-sharp-teeth .
he had only ever been [found out] once and still bore the scars on his wrist from the alsatian 's razor-sharp-teeth .

Although it was hardly conclusive proof they were the same kegs as those discovered by the vagrant , all the signs pointed to it being more than just a coincidence .
although it was hardly conclusive proof they were the same kegs as those [found out] by the vagrant , all the signs pointed to it being more than just a coincidence .

Whitlock swung the Golf Corbio on to the sliproad , past the hoarding , and as he reached the crest of the first rise he saw the plant laid out before him , hemmed in behind ten-feet-high fencing crowned with layers of barbed wire , all of which he later discovered could be electrified at the flick of a switch .
whitlock swung the golf corbio on to the sliproad , past the hoarding , and as he reached the crest of the first rise he saw the plant laid out before him , hemmed in behind ten-feet-high fencing crowned with layers of barbed wire , all of which he later [found out] could be electrified at the flick of a switch .

When she had finally been rescued some two hours later it was discovered that the hem of her frock had been chewed away .
when she had finally been rescued some two hours later it was [found out] that the hem of her frock had been chewed away .

The entire village is a children 's paradise , a stimulating world just waiting to be discovered .
the entire village is a children 's paradise , a stimulating world just waiting to be [found out] .

We discovered the beautiful scenery is not the only attraction of Monte Maggiore , and when we found the Residence Elena we felt , at once , that we just had to add it to our selection .
we [found out] the beautiful scenery is not the only attraction of monte maggiore , and when we found the residence elena we felt , at once , that we just had to add it to our selection .

When a genial Belgian couple , came to Italy looking for a home , they discovered the Mariano Estate and fell first for its perfect views .
when a genial belgian couple , came to italy looking for a home , they [found out] the mariano estate and fell first for its perfect views .

In association with mutations , now discovered in Gerstmann-Straussler-Scheinker disease and Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease ( p 000 ) , PrPc may change into PrPSc , which could itself be the transmissible agent , causing further conversion of PrPc to PrPSc .
in association with mutations , now [found out] in gerstmann-straussler-scheinker disease and creutzfeldt-jakob disease ( p 000 ) , prpc may change into prpsc , which could itself be the transmissible agent , causing further conversion of prpc to prpsc .

As Midgley makes clear , discussions of natural sex differences can never be simply a neutral issue , even if it is an empirical one , since one still has to consider what consequences should follow from the differences one has discovered .
as midgley makes clear , discussions of natural sex differences can never be simply a neutral issue , even if it is an empirical one , since one still has to consider what consequences should follow from the differences one has [found out] .

He soon discovered the milkboy was none too welcome in the drawing room .
he soon [found out] the milkboy was none too welcome in the drawing room .

Fifteen per cent first discovered the joys of sex in the living room , while the next most popular spots were either the back of a car or the great outdoors .
fifteen per cent first [found out] the joys of sex in the living room , while the next most popular spots were either the back of a car or the great outdoors .

At sixteen he discovered girls and decided he did not have a vocation .
at sixteen he [found out] girls and decided he did not have a vocation .

My relationship with Isobel started going wrong when we discovered she could n't have children and started having infertility treatment .
my relationship with isobel started going wrong when we [found out] she could n't have children and started having infertility treatment .

Hatim immediately applied for the job but had since discovered that so had eleven out of fifteen professors in his department , and he was not hopeful of success .
hatim immediately applied for the job but had since [found out] that so had eleven out of fifteen professors in his department , and he was not hopeful of success .

The kid from East Ham who wandered nonchalantly into Vogue studios , discovered Jean Shrimpton and transformed the concept of British photography ; the man who was the inspiration for Antonioni 's Blow Up ; the man who married Catherine Deneuve , Marie Helvin and Catherine Dyer , and lived with Penelope Tree and Jean Shrimpton ; the man who created some of the most memorable images of the Sixties and Seventies .
the kid from east ham who wandered nonchalantly into vogue studios , [found out] jean shrimpton and transformed the concept of british photography ; the man who was the inspiration for antonioni 's blow up ; the man who married catherine deneuve , marie helvin and catherine dyer , and lived with penelope tree and jean shrimpton ; the man who created some of the most memorable images of the sixties and seventies .

Despite the tenant being referred to as ‘ him ’ , it is generally the woman of the household who bears the brunt of housing management principles . An extreme example of this was discovered by community workers in Paisley :
despite the tenant being referred to as ‘ him ’ , it is generally the woman of the household who bears the brunt of housing management principles . an extreme example of this was [found out] by community workers in paisley :

Freud 's view of science is not that of a simple empiricist , who assumes that , once something has been discovered in science , it remains true for all times , and that one day science will have discovered nearly all we need to know about the world and ourselves .
freud 's view of science is not that of a simple empiricist , who assumes that , once something has been [found out] in science , it remains true for all times , and that one day science will have [found out] nearly all we need to know about the world and ourselves .

No images of him have been discovered , no doubt because the religion forbade making images , although hymns have been found .
no images of him have been [found out] , no doubt because the religion forbade making images , although hymns have been found .

And he now downgrades his own Maginot Line at Volx to a mere 8b± , after Patrick Edlinger discovered a toe-hook move to overcome the crux .
and he now downgrades his own maginot line at volx to a mere 8b± , after patrick edlinger [found out] a toe-hook move to overcome the crux .

By the time we reached Llanberis it was touch and go whether we would make it back to base at all that night . Days later we discovered we had climbed the crux 5b pitch of Vember !
by the time we reached llanberis it was touch and go whether we would make it back to base at all that night . days later we [found out] we had climbed the crux 5b pitch of vember !

Andrew Walker and Pete Tibbetts have discovered a seaward face to Great Shutter Point .
andrew walker and pete tibbetts have [found out] a seaward face to great shutter point .

Thirty-four of the total of 40 buildings that were discovered remain to be explored .
thirty-four of the total of 40 buildings that were [found out] remain to be explored .

The Yuk Factor sustains through Robert Cullen 's The Killer Department ( Orion , April , £15.99 , 1 85797 070 5 ) , about that demented bald Russian in a cage , the one who murdered 50-odd people and ate them , and nearer home we can enjoy Murder on Ward Four ( Chatto , May , £9,99 , 0 7011 4813 6 ) , Nick Davies ' investigation into the nurse of impeccable credentials who allegedly killed eight children before she was discovered .
the yuk factor sustains through robert cullen 's the killer department ( orion , april , £15.99 , 1 85797 070 5 ) , about that demented bald russian in a cage , the one who murdered 50-odd people and ate them , and nearer home we can enjoy murder on ward four ( chatto , may , £9,99 , 0 7011 4813 6 ) , nick davies ' investigation into the nurse of impeccable credentials who allegedly killed eight children before she was [found out] .

However , an Army bomb disposal expert discovered both packages were harmless .
however , an army bomb disposal expert [found out] both packages were harmless .

After the couple 's death police discovered bank statements which showed they paid the builders £23,000 for it .
after the couple 's death police [found out] bank statements which showed they paid the builders £23,000 for it .

Police discovered stolen credit cards in his bedroom belonging to four women who had been mugged in the Acton area of West London , offences which all took place while he was on bail .
police [found out] stolen credit cards in his bedroom belonging to four women who had been mugged in the acton area of west london , offences which all took place while he was on bail .

Police in Norwich , where the bodies were discovered by the importer , sent papers found on the men to the Romanian Embassy yesterday in an attempt to establish their identities .
police in norwich , where the bodies were [found out] by the importer , sent papers found on the men to the romanian embassy yesterday in an attempt to establish their identities .

Discovered in 1968 .
[found out] in 1968 .

Discovered in 1984 .
[found out] in 1984 .

Discovered in 1983 .
[found out] in 1983 .

Discovered in 1978 .
[found out] in 1978 .

Discovered in the late 1960s .
[found out] in the late 1960s .

Parys — discovered in 1768 and worked in a Mountain series of open pits and underground mines .
parys — [found out] in 1768 and worked in a mountain series of open pits and underground mines .

Discovered in 1981 .
[found out] in 1981 .

Discovered by RioFinex in 1968 ( Rice and Sharp , 1976 ) it has resources of about 200 million tonnes at 0.3 per cent Cu .
[found out] by riofinex in 1968 ( rice and sharp , 1976 ) it has resources of about 200 million tonnes at 0.3 per cent cu .

It was discovered by Consolidated Gold Fields Ltd in 1978 and has been intensively drilled , but is currently subeconomic .
it was [found out] by consolidated gold fields ltd in 1978 and has been intensively drilled , but is currently subeconomic .

Strontium was first discovered at the type locality , Strontian , in western Scotland in strontianite associated with baryte .
strontium was first [found out] at the type locality , strontian , in western scotland in strontianite associated with baryte .

At the end of the last century when Impressionism was still a dirty word in England , and anyone who bought a Monet was considered as being more than half-way on the road to Bedlam , the Americans were taking to him with something of the enthusiasm which they were then displaying for the newly discovered chewing-gum .
at the end of the last century when impressionism was still a dirty word in england , and anyone who bought a monet was considered as being more than half-way on the road to bedlam , the americans were taking to him with something of the enthusiasm which they were then displaying for the newly [found out] chewing-gum .

The Borrowdale mines in the lane District , discovered in 1564 , yielded such fine graphite that it was jealously guarded , extractions only being sold for six weeks of the year .
the borrowdale mines in the lane district , [found out] in 1564 , yielded such fine graphite that it was jealously guarded , extractions only being sold for six weeks of the year .

Less pure grades of graphite were discovered all over the world but none had the structure of the Borrowdale type .
less pure grades of graphite were [found out] all over the world but none had the structure of the borrowdale type .

‘ We have all discovered reserves of physical strength and courage which we never realised we had before .
‘ we have all [found out] reserves of physical strength and courage which we never realised we had before .

The computer system operates alarms , doors and smoke detectors and the fault was discovered on Saturday morning .
the computer system operates alarms , doors and smoke detectors and the fault was [found out] on saturday morning .

They also discovered that the only place where potassium was available was on the hospital ward .
they also [found out] that the only place where potassium was available was on the hospital ward .

Friend and neighbour Mary Ayers , who is looking after the Thoroughgood Road , Clacton , bungalow until it is handed over to executors today , discovered the break-in yesterday morning .
friend and neighbour mary ayers , who is looking after the thoroughgood road , clacton , bungalow until it is handed over to executors today , [found out] the break-in yesterday morning .

Only when it was discovered that some men , formerly working on the surface , were working in canteens on the lowest male rate — higher than the female rate — did the union begin to campaign for equal pay for the women .
only when it was [found out] that some men , formerly working on the surface , were working in canteens on the lowest male rate — higher than the female rate — did the union begin to campaign for equal pay for the women .

Westminster were presented with champagne and a trophy , Grant Parrott discovered muscles he never knew existed , Geoff Whalley paid up his bet to James Burford .
westminster were presented with champagne and a trophy , grant parrott [found out] muscles he never knew existed , geoff whalley paid up his bet to james burford .

This is not a new phenomenon , however , as the secret of Napoleon 's animal magnetism and his legendary ability to command troops may have discovered by a team of perfume scientists .
this is not a new phenomenon , however , as the secret of napoleon 's animal magnetism and his legendary ability to command troops may have [found out] by a team of perfume scientists .

He learned that staff at the Museum of Transport had discovered Common Clothes Moths inside one of the cars on display .
he learned that staff at the museum of transport had [found out] common clothes moths inside one of the cars on display .

The British Telecom mechanic was intending to re-paint the van ready for the Rally , when he discovered woodworm in the wooden panels and structure .
the british telecom mechanic was intending to re-paint the van ready for the rally , when he [found out] woodworm in the wooden panels and structure .

The team discovered some common misconceptions .
the team [found out] some common misconceptions .

The field , which is operated by Shell , was discovered in 1989 and holds more than 700 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent .
the field , which is operated by shell , was [found out] in 1989 and holds more than 700 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent .

Teambuilding is n't all plain sailing — as two dozen staff at Wytch Farm 's gathering station have discovered .
teambuilding is n't all plain sailing — as two dozen staff at wytch farm 's gathering station have [found out] .

Fortunately the car was discovered without significant damage .
fortunately the car was [found out] without significant damage .

The Corporation may have been on cover for several years and when subsidence damage is discovered , it requires full underpinning .
the corporation may have been on cover for several years and when subsidence damage is [found out] , it requires full underpinning .

The old adage that prevention is better than cure certainly holds true ; as some contractors have discovered to their cost .
the old adage that prevention is better than cure certainly holds true ; as some contractors have [found out] to their cost .

Sometimes luck plays a hand , for example when a late 18th-century oil-painted wall decoration was discovered by conservators repairing damage caused by a leaking roof at Hopetoun House , near Edinburgh .
sometimes luck plays a hand , for example when a late 18th-century oil-painted wall decoration was [found out] by conservators repairing damage caused by a leaking roof at hopetoun house , near edinburgh .

‘ The joy was therefore extreme ’ wrote Scott later , ‘ when , the ponderous lid of the chest being forced open , the regalia were discovered lying at the bottom covered with linen cloths , exactly as they had been left .
‘ the joy was therefore extreme ’ wrote scott later , ‘ when , the ponderous lid of the chest being forced open , the regalia were [found out] lying at the bottom covered with linen cloths , exactly as they had been left .

When discovered , the wreck was thought to be another English naval ship , the Dartmouth , most of which lies about half a mile away .
when [found out] , the wreck was thought to be another english naval ship , the dartmouth , most of which lies about half a mile away .

Among other efforts , the hotel recycles paper , using proceeds to plant an orchard containing fast disappearing traditional varieties of apple , sends candles and soaps to charities operating in developing countries , recycles bottle and donates proceeds to charity , is researching ways of recycling kitchen waste , has minimised the environmental impact of its golf course , has bought energy-saving technology such as timer switches and has discovered that 70 per cent of its guests would be more likely to return as a result of its environmental practices .
among other efforts , the hotel recycles paper , using proceeds to plant an orchard containing fast disappearing traditional varieties of apple , sends candles and soaps to charities operating in developing countries , recycles bottle and donates proceeds to charity , is researching ways of recycling kitchen waste , has minimised the environmental impact of its golf course , has bought energy-saving technology such as timer switches and has [found out] that 70 per cent of its guests would be more likely to return as a result of its environmental practices .

Another of UnivEd 's functions is the formation of campus companies through which products and processes discovered by staff can be developed commercially together with industrial partners .
another of unived 's functions is the formation of campus companies through which products and processes [found out] by staff can be developed commercially together with industrial partners .

For example , the cigarette ash referred to above remains in place some 24 hours after being discovered !
for example , the cigarette ash referred to above remains in place some 24 hours after being [found out] !

Lydia went to find a bottle of some Czechoslovakian wine she said she had discovered .
lydia went to find a bottle of some czechoslovakian wine she said she had [found out] .

In the office which looked like all the others with its geometric desk and wire baskets and identical questions , he had suddenly created a different version of himself , with words borrowed from newspapers , half-heard conversations , and fitted them into structures of plausibility ; he 'd discovered that if he spoke fast enough no one noticed the inconsistencies .
in the office which looked like all the others with its geometric desk and wire baskets and identical questions , he had suddenly created a different version of himself , with words borrowed from newspapers , half-heard conversations , and fitted them into structures of plausibility ; he 'd [found out] that if he spoke fast enough no one noticed the inconsistencies .

It was Magnus who discovered the girl first ; he yelped unsteadily , his voice rising with excitement , and Gina went to see what he had found .
it was magnus who [found out] the girl first ; he yelped unsteadily , his voice rising with excitement , and gina went to see what he had found .

Since Marvell did not find ‘ Fair Quiet … and Innocence ’ in ‘ busy companies of men ’ he entered into his garden and discovered them there , also as ‘ sacred plants ’ unable to grow outside in the barren landscape of reality .
since marvell did not find ‘ fair quiet … and innocence ’ in ‘ busy companies of men ’ he entered into his garden and [found out] them there , also as ‘ sacred plants ’ unable to grow outside in the barren landscape of reality .

Ever since Howard Carter discovered his tomb in November 1922 , the pharaoh 's mummy has remained in his tomb unseen by the public .
ever since howard carter [found out] his tomb in november 1922 , the pharaoh 's mummy has remained in his tomb unseen by the public .

It is expected that the process will make it possible for rare and fragile mummies and other bodies such as the European bog bodies and the recently discovered Ice Man to be accessible to the public without putting the originals at risk .
it is expected that the process will make it possible for rare and fragile mummies and other bodies such as the european bog bodies and the recently [found out] ice man to be accessible to the public without putting the originals at risk .

Perhaps the most unusual feature of the Exhibition , is the re-creation of part of the pharaoh 's tomb , including the antechamber , filled with all its treasure as discovered in 1922 . With the closing ( for conservation reasons ) of the actual tomb of Tutankhamun in Egypt , the only place where it is possible to enter and see ‘ the tomb ’ , albeit in accurate facsimile , is in Britain at Dorchester !
perhaps the most unusual feature of the exhibition , is the re-creation of part of the pharaoh 's tomb , including the antechamber , filled with all its treasure as [found out] in 1922 . with the closing ( for conservation reasons ) of the actual tomb of tutankhamun in egypt , the only place where it is possible to enter and see ‘ the tomb ’ , albeit in accurate facsimile , is in britain at dorchester !

It was written that you had discovered the oolerinnen .
it was written that you had [found out] the oolerinnen .

Tasting it , she discovered it to be sap .
tasting it , she [found out] it to be sap .

He had used the police computer network and discovered his wife had volunteered for nursing duty .
he had used the police computer network and [found out] his wife had volunteered for nursing duty .

‘ We discovered time travel , but my people just sit and watch the events of the universe without getting involved .
‘ we [found out] time travel , but my people just sit and watch the events of the universe without getting involved .

However , this was ten times the size of the Terran designs and had been built centuries before man had even discovered fire .
however , this was ten times the size of the terran designs and had been built centuries before man had even [found out] fire .

Colonel Philips explained that they had thought initially that they had discovered a danger similar to that which had caused the Hob 's Lane disaster .
colonel philips explained that they had thought initially that they had [found out] a danger similar to that which had caused the hob 's lane disaster .

We 've discovered who that was .
we 've [found out] who that was .

She discovered Thomas was one of the androids who had tried to kill her earlier , and the woman was the wife of a scientist sent to the planet to analyse the water .
she [found out] thomas was one of the androids who had tried to kill her earlier , and the woman was the wife of a scientist sent to the planet to analyse the water .

You felt you had entered new worlds and discovered all that it was necessary to know about life .
you felt you had entered new worlds and [found out] all that it was necessary to know about life .

He had no doubts that the androids would kill him once his crime had been discovered .
he had no doubts that the androids would kill him once his crime had been [found out] .

They had obviously discovered some scrap to take with them , and it was him .
they had obviously [found out] some scrap to take with them , and it was him .

‘ And one of our greatest scientists , Rassilon , announced that he had discovered the principles of time travel .
‘ and one of our greatest scientists , rassilon , announced that he had [found out] the principles of time travel .

‘ According to our history , they discovered the power to drive the experiments in time , ’ the Doctor replied .
‘ according to our history , they [found out] the power to drive the experiments in time , ’ the doctor replied .

‘ Our Intelligence people discovered that .
‘ our intelligence people [found out] that .

They were able to deal with the problem because they discovered a stream running through an eighteenth-century tunnel next door .
they were able to deal with the problem because they [found out] a stream running through an eighteenth-century tunnel next door .

In 1985 British scientists discovered a " hole " had appeared in the ozone layer above Antarctica .
in 1985 british scientists [found out] a " hole " had appeared in the ozone layer above antarctica .

He counted the night 's takings , swept the floor and then got really upset when he discovered that all his beer mats had been stolen .
he counted the night 's takings , swept the floor and then got really upset when he [found out] that all his beer mats had been stolen .

Jessica was besotted with his crooked organ , and Rory discovered two moles inside her fine , rich pubic hair he claimed for the Pope in Rome .
jessica was besotted with his crooked organ , and rory [found out] two moles inside her fine , rich pubic hair he claimed for the pope in rome .

As the meeting convened by Edwin Kerr and Sir Kenneth Berrill in January 1973 discovered , much discussion of the DipHE revolved around such questions as when students on college DipHE courses would be able to make their decisions about training for teaching , and differences for the training of primary and secondary teachers .
as the meeting convened by edwin kerr and sir kenneth berrill in january 1973 [found out] , much discussion of the diphe revolved around such questions as when students on college diphe courses would be able to make their decisions about training for teaching , and differences for the training of primary and secondary teachers .

As you will no doubt have already discovered , this decision is not made easier as each university attempts to lure you through its portals with its glossy prospectus .
as you will no doubt have already [found out] , this decision is not made easier as each university attempts to lure you through its portals with its glossy prospectus .

To mention only two , Joseph Lister was the first to practise antiseptic surgery and Sir James Young Simpson discovered chloroform anaesthesia .
to mention only two , joseph lister was the first to practise antiseptic surgery and sir james young simpson [found out] chloroform anaesthesia .

Much is being discovered about the nature of bacteria and viruses , and the physiology of cells , leading to a better understanding of the control of host cell function and to development of more effective chemotherapy .
much is being [found out] about the nature of bacteria and viruses , and the physiology of cells , leading to a better understanding of the control of host cell function and to development of more effective chemotherapy .

By the time we got her address and tracked her down to some miserable tower block in Hackney , discovered she did n't know any English and found someone who could speak Gujarati , it was late afternoon .
by the time we got her address and tracked her down to some miserable tower block in hackney , [found out] she did n't know any english and found someone who could speak gujarati , it was late afternoon .

He was discovered the next morning by a boy on his way to school .
he was [found out] the next morning by a boy on his way to school .

But it was n't until Ellen came to pick him up that he discovered that she had already bought everything for a picnic lunch .
but it was n't until ellen came to pick him up that he [found out] that she had already bought everything for a picnic lunch .

Gabriel quickly discovered why a replacement was needed for the angel .
gabriel quickly [found out] why a replacement was needed for the angel .

Having discovered where Gabriel slept , he poked about in the hollow of the pageant cart , gathering up the tributes and luxuries that had found their way down into the dark .
having [found out] where gabriel slept , he poked about in the hollow of the pageant cart , gathering up the tributes and luxuries that had found their way down into the dark .

Hugh Puddephat , she discovered , had certainly moved with the times .
hugh puddephat , she [found out] , had certainly moved with the times .

Geoffrey Simmons , Loretta quickly discovered , was quite unperturbed by the prospect of the night 's adventure .
geoffrey simmons , loretta quickly [found out] , was quite unperturbed by the prospect of the night 's adventure .

It was just possible that he 'd discovered something about Puddephat .
it was just possible that he 'd [found out] something about puddephat .

She rang the Sunday Herald number , placating her conscience with the thought that she might not have time to ring Tracey that evening after all ; but when she got through to the news desk , she discovered that he had taken the shuttle to Glasgow the morning before .
she rang the sunday herald number , placating her conscience with the thought that she might not have time to ring tracey that evening after all ; but when she got through to the news desk , she [found out] that he had taken the shuttle to glasgow the morning before .

The body , which was discovered in the city yesterday morning , was identified through fingerprints .
the body , which was [found out] in the city yesterday morning , was identified through fingerprints .

Calming down , Loretta outlined what she had discovered about the dead man .
calming down , loretta outlined what she had [found out] about the dead man .

He had lied to the police as to his whereabouts , even before the body had been discovered .
he had lied to the police as to his whereabouts , even before the body had been [found out] .

Glancing down the columns , she immediately discovered some new information : Puddephat had been accompanied at the inquest by his wife , she learned with surprise .
glancing down the columns , she immediately [found out] some new information : puddephat had been accompanied at the inquest by his wife , she learned with surprise .

As soon as she drew up to the roundabout at the top of Woodstock Road , she found herself in traffic which stretched as far as the eye could see , and when she switched on the car radio , she discovered that the only sound it would make was an assortment of squeaks and crackles .
as soon as she drew up to the roundabout at the top of woodstock road , she found herself in traffic which stretched as far as the eye could see , and when she switched on the car radio , she [found out] that the only sound it would make was an assortment of squeaks and crackles .

She picked up the phone to ring the Chinese takeaway in Caledonian Road , and discovered the line was dead .
she picked up the phone to ring the chinese takeaway in caledonian road , and [found out] the line was dead .

In a study of thirty-three European chemical and pharmaceutical joint ventures in Indonesia , Thailand , Philippines , Singapore and Malaysia , Lasserre ( 1982 ) discovered that home-country technicians were not trained to train in specific socio-cultural settings .
in a study of thirty-three european chemical and pharmaceutical joint ventures in indonesia , thailand , philippines , singapore and malaysia , lasserre ( 1982 ) [found out] that home-country technicians were not trained to train in specific socio-cultural settings .

An incidental asymptomatic breast adenocarcinoma was discovered and she had a right simple mastectomy .
an incidental asymptomatic breast adenocarcinoma was [found out] and she had a right simple mastectomy .

When women treated by cholecystectomy were compared with women having newly discovered , asymptomatic gall stones , they more often described defecation as urgent but had no other detectable differences .
when women treated by cholecystectomy were compared with women having newly [found out] , asymptomatic gall stones , they more often described defecation as urgent but had no other detectable differences .

The Etruscans put their burial places outside their cities , and due to the care with which they constructed the tombs many examples have been discovered intact , from the eighteenth century onwards .
the etruscans put their burial places outside their cities , and due to the care with which they constructed the tombs many examples have been [found out] intact , from the eighteenth century onwards .

This is generally called the tepidarium but it is doubtful that it was in fact such a room for it would have been too immense to heat and no hypocausts have been discovered under it .
this is generally called the tepidarium but it is doubtful that it was in fact such a room for it would have been too immense to heat and no hypocausts have been [found out] under it .

Findings discovered in this way should be seen as sources of hypotheses for further testing , not as results in themselves .
findings [found out] in this way should be seen as sources of hypotheses for further testing , not as results in themselves .

At that time the value was agreed at £600 but it was subsequently discovered that only £200 of these spares were of any use .
at that time the value was agreed at £600 but it was subsequently [found out] that only £200 of these spares were of any use .

Long before Quex died , however , Edward Carrington had discovered better reasons than inter-service rivalry and backstabbing to make him doubt the quality of the organization he had been so proud to join .
long before quex died , however , edward carrington had [found out] better reasons than inter-service rivalry and backstabbing to make him doubt the quality of the organization he had been so proud to join .

And the number of expended condoms discovered in and around the bathing-area suggested that not only ingress and egress , but congress too , were not unusual there , with the cover of the night , and the cover of the cubicles , combining to promote this latter activity — even when frost was forecast .
and the number of expended condoms [found out] in and around the bathing-area suggested that not only ingress and egress , but congress too , were not unusual there , with the cover of the night , and the cover of the cubicles , combining to promote this latter activity — even when frost was forecast .

He had gone up to Magdalen College , asked at the Porters ' Lodge , discovered the grounds were closed ; then just carried on walking over the bridge , around the Plain , and back again down the High .
he had gone up to magdalen college , asked at the porters ' lodge , [found out] the grounds were closed ; then just carried on walking over the bridge , around the plain , and back again down the high .

Unfortunately for Kemp , however , Cedric Downes discovered the guilty pair in flagrante delicto , which as you will remember , Lewis , is the Latin for having your pants down .
unfortunately for kemp , however , cedric downes [found out] the guilty pair in flagrante delicto , which as you will remember , lewis , is the latin for having your pants down .

Imagine his surprise , therefore , when he discovered that not a single German he met had ever been in the Nazi Party , let alone had even heard of a concentration camp .
imagine his surprise , therefore , when he [found out] that not a single german he met had ever been in the nazi party , let alone had even heard of a concentration camp .

No-one knows exactly who originally discovered the existence of time .
no-one knows exactly who originally [found out] the existence of time .

Bizat , suspecting that-as the Victorians had discovered — exhibition clientele was going to be a mainstay of the Palace 's economy , started checking out the market he was aiming at .
bizat , suspecting that-as the victorians had [found out] — exhibition clientele was going to be a mainstay of the palace 's economy , started checking out the market he was aiming at .

Several transmitter substances have been discovered , but two important ones are acetyl choline and noradrenaline .
several transmitter substances have been [found out] , but two important ones are acetyl choline and noradrenaline .

He later discovered that most of these scenes had never actually occurred and had been fantasies of the patient .
he later [found out] that most of these scenes had never actually occurred and had been fantasies of the patient .

He also discovered that , in the majority of cases , any sexual encounters that the patients had really had in childhood were with other children .
he also [found out] that , in the majority of cases , any sexual encounters that the patients had really had in childhood were with other children .

He discovered that dreams covered-up the urges of one 's instincts .
he [found out] that dreams covered-up the urges of one 's instincts .

The result is cool , calm and welcoming as Glenn Barker discovered .
the result is cool , calm and welcoming as glenn barker [found out] .

In his notable achievement , Gavin discovered that apart from surface tension ( already known ) other components were also responsible for the remarkable adhesion , namely viscosity in wet adhesion , and that each pad was gently peeled away when movement occured .
in his notable achievement , gavin [found out] that apart from surface tension ( already known ) other components were also responsible for the remarkable adhesion , namely viscosity in wet adhesion , and that each pad was gently peeled away when movement occured .

Stan had discovered that he was a good insurance salesman .
stan had [found out] that he was a good insurance salesman .

Barbara McCall talks about the days in the 20s when her husband was assistant manager at the massive Marine Gardens in Portobello — the largest ballroom in Britain — and how he discovered a young soldier singing in a beach talent contest who grew to become a star — Donald Peers .
barbara mccall talks about the days in the 20s when her husband was assistant manager at the massive marine gardens in portobello — the largest ballroom in britain — and how he [found out] a young soldier singing in a beach talent contest who grew to become a star — donald peers .

As such , knowledge of each person 's personal experience is the field where the treasure of Jesus christ will be ‘ discovered ’ .
as such , knowledge of each person 's personal experience is the field where the treasure of jesus christ will be ‘ [found out] ’ .

Donald , who describes himself as a Friend of the Earth , does not himself hold a driving licence , but has taken it upon himself to publish a list of prominent men and women who have had the misfortune to be caught driving over the limit a judge , a chief superintendent , various footballers , actors , television personalities — in what he chooses to call his Hall of Shame : It is the number of celebrities we have discovered that is so shocking .
donald , who describes himself as a friend of the earth , does not himself hold a driving licence , but has taken it upon himself to publish a list of prominent men and women who have had the misfortune to be caught driving over the limit a judge , a chief superintendent , various footballers , actors , television personalities — in what he chooses to call his hall of shame : it is the number of celebrities we have [found out] that is so shocking .

On June 7 the Supreme Court ordered a judicial inquiry into the deaths of 18 left-wing political prisoners whose bodies had been discovered in a mass grave in Pisagua , 1,700 km north of Santiago ( the capital ) , on June 5 .
on june 7 the supreme court ordered a judicial inquiry into the deaths of 18 left-wing political prisoners whose bodies had been [found out] in a mass grave in pisagua , 1,700 km north of santiago ( the capital ) , on june 5 .

An extensive search was started in expectation that more bodies would be discovered since at Pisagua there had been a concentration camp for between 1,500-2,000 prisoners following the military coup of September 1973 .
an extensive search was started in expectation that more bodies would be [found out] since at pisagua there had been a concentration camp for between 1,500-2,000 prisoners following the military coup of september 1973 .

About 400 people were evacuated from a Royal Air Force base at Stanmore , north London , on June 21 after a patrol discovered a bomb , which later exploded .
about 400 people were evacuated from a royal air force base at stanmore , north london , on june 21 after a patrol [found out] a bomb , which later exploded .

They alleged that electoral rolls had been tampered with and that people had been either pressurized to vote , refused a vote , or discovered that others had voted in their place .
they alleged that electoral rolls had been tampered with and that people had been either pressurized to vote , refused a vote , or [found out] that others had voted in their place .

The scandal broke on April 6 when the government of Colombia informed the Antiguan Prime Minister that a shipment of Israeli arms , allegedly intended for Antigua , had been discovered on the property of the late Gonzalo Rodríguez Gacha , a leading member of the notorious Medellín cocaine cartel .
the scandal broke on april 6 when the government of colombia informed the antiguan prime minister that a shipment of israeli arms , allegedly intended for antigua , had been [found out] on the property of the late gonzalo rodríguez gacha , a leading member of the notorious medellín cocaine cartel .

The zone was reduced to 12 miles after it was discovered that a 50-mile zone would interfere with international shipping lanes .
the zone was reduced to 12 miles after it was [found out] that a 50-mile zone would interfere with international shipping lanes .

Human rights leaders in April 1989 claimed to have discovered the remains of 40 political dissidents in a secret grave 70 km outside Asunción , allegedly used between 1963 and 1976 .
human rights leaders in april 1989 claimed to have [found out] the remains of 40 political dissidents in a secret grave 70 km outside asunción , allegedly used between 1963 and 1976 .

In January 1990 all the telephones in Menem 's residence and in the presidential palace were discovered to be bugged .
in january 1990 all the telephones in menem 's residence and in the presidential palace were [found out] to be bugged .

An Army spokesperson announced on April 11 , 1990 , that 39 " underground groups " , with a total membership of around 200 and engaged in " subversive activity " , had been discovered within the armed forces during 1989 , the overwhelming majority of the members being Albanian nationalists and separatists .
an army spokesperson announced on april 11 , 1990 , that 39 " underground groups " , with a total membership of around 200 and engaged in " subversive activity " , had been [found out] within the armed forces during 1989 , the overwhelming majority of the members being albanian nationalists and separatists .

The Soviet authorities on April 13 finally admitted Soviet responsibility for the massacre in 1940 of around 15,000 Polish Army officers , including over 4,000 whose remains had been discovered in mass graves in Katyn forest near the Soviet city of Smolensk .
the soviet authorities on april 13 finally admitted soviet responsibility for the massacre in 1940 of around 15,000 polish army officers , including over 4,000 whose remains had been [found out] in mass graves in katyn forest near the soviet city of smolensk .

More mass graves from the 1930s [ see p. 36401 for such discoveries in January 1989 ] were discovered during 1989 near the towns of Chelyabinsk ( 80,000 corpses ) and Donetsk and in Karelia and Byelorussia .
more mass graves from the 1930s [ see p. 36401 for such discoveries in january 1989 ] were [found out] during 1989 near the towns of chelyabinsk ( 80,000 corpses ) and donetsk and in karelia and byelorussia .

It was announced on May 11 that a `` spy ring `` linked to the left-wing opposition group , Mujaheddin e-Khalq , had been discovered and that `` the ringleader Mas'ud Dalvand and 10 other spies [ had ] been arrested `` .
it was announced on may 11 that a `` spy ring `` linked to the left-wing opposition group , mujaheddin e-khalq , had been [found out] and that `` the ringleader mas'ud dalvand and 10 other spies [ had ] been arrested `` .

On July 22 the security forces discovered a series of mass graves near the village of Tirrukkovil in the east .
on july 22 the security forces [found out] a series of mass graves near the village of tirrukkovil in the east .

Kadhafi said in an interview for the Egyptian political weekly Al-Musawar in October 1989 that in the past Libya had funded some groups without examining their aims and role in detail , but that `` when we discovered that these groups were causing more harm than benefit to the Arab cause , we halted our aid to them completely and withdrew our support `` .
kadhafi said in an interview for the egyptian political weekly al-musawar in october 1989 that in the past libya had funded some groups without examining their aims and role in detail , but that `` when we [found out] that these groups were causing more harm than benefit to the arab cause , we halted our aid to them completely and withdrew our support `` .

The largest polling station , in the city hall in Libreville , was forced to close when angry voters ransacked the building , reportedly having discovered the ballot boxes already stuffed as voting began at 6 a.m .
the largest polling station , in the city hall in libreville , was forced to close when angry voters ransacked the building , reportedly having [found out] the ballot boxes already stuffed as voting began at 6 a.m .

The body of Luis Eurico Teixeira Lisboa , a left-wing intellectual , had been discovered in the same graveyard under a false name in 1979 .
the body of luis eurico teixeira lisboa , a left-wing intellectual , had been [found out] in the same graveyard under a false name in 1979 .

The incident followed the desecration , discovered on May 10 , of 34 Jewish graves in the French town of Carpentras [ see p. 37468 ] .
the incident followed the desecration , [found out] on may 10 , of 34 jewish graves in the french town of carpentras [ see p. 37468 ] .

His clothes were later found by the side of a canal in which his body was discovered a week later ; no clear reason for his death could be discerned .
his clothes were later found by the side of a canal in which his body was [found out] a week later ; no clear reason for his death could be discerned .

It is also confusion between a proper assurance based on experience and the insight deriving from it , and the dogmatism which so easily follows but is distinct from it , and which insists that what we happen to know is the only thing that matters — what others have discovered or had revealed to them is unimportant .
it is also confusion between a proper assurance based on experience and the insight deriving from it , and the dogmatism which so easily follows but is distinct from it , and which insists that what we happen to know is the only thing that matters — what others have [found out] or had revealed to them is unimportant .

However , recently ten new Parliamentary lists have been discovered among Lord Ailesbury 's papers , and they reveal the existence of more extensive cross-party voting on certain issues in the early 1690s .
however , recently ten new parliamentary lists have been [found out] among lord ailesbury 's papers , and they reveal the existence of more extensive cross-party voting on certain issues in the early 1690s .

The context of the partisan struggle was altered as a result of the Glorious Revolution of 1688 , which modified the relationship between the Crown and Parliament , created new issues for the government as England became involved in major European warfare , and transformed the relationship of the two parties towards the Court as the Whigs came to hold political power for the first time and the Tories discovered what it was like to be in opposition .
the context of the partisan struggle was altered as a result of the glorious revolution of 1688 , which modified the relationship between the crown and parliament , created new issues for the government as england became involved in major european warfare , and transformed the relationship of the two parties towards the court as the whigs came to hold political power for the first time and the tories [found out] what it was like to be in opposition .

Open-ended research We ( class and teacher-in-role ) as space voyagers who have discovered a `` sister planet `` to Earth .
open-ended research we ( class and teacher-in-role ) as space voyagers who have [found out] a `` sister planet `` to earth .

But he then swung the other way , especially once he discovered that the appointment of a new British prime minister was a possibility .
but he then swung the other way , especially once he [found out] that the appointment of a new british prime minister was a possibility .

Childeric 's grave at Tournai , discovered originally in 1653 , is perhaps the richest royal burial known from the early medieval period ; the quantity of goods found was astonishing .
childeric 's grave at tournai , [found out] originally in 1653 , is perhaps the richest royal burial known from the early medieval period ; the quantity of goods found was astonishing .

Any asylum seeker brought with him the possibility of retribution against the shrine and its local town or city from his enemies , as Gregory discovered on a number of occasions .
any asylum seeker brought with him the possibility of retribution against the shrine and its local town or city from his enemies , as gregory [found out] on a number of occasions .

And time , the medium in which Jesus is discovered as `` tresour hidd in soule `` ( Scale 1 , 49.322b .
and time , the medium in which jesus is [found out] as `` tresour hidd in soule `` ( scale 1 , 49.322b .

By the time that Captain Cook was engaged in his voyages of exploration in the Pacific in the late-eighteenth century it was taken for granted that the inhabitants of the newly discovered islands would be men and not monsters , but cannibalism was still seen as somehow sub-human . Cook was thus greatly distressed and bewildered to learn that the New Zealand Maori , for whom he had developed a respectful admiration , ate their defeated enemies without compunction !
by the time that captain cook was engaged in his voyages of exploration in the pacific in the late-eighteenth century it was taken for granted that the inhabitants of the newly [found out] islands would be men and not monsters , but cannibalism was still seen as somehow sub-human . cook was thus greatly distressed and bewildered to learn that the new zealand maori , for whom he had developed a respectful admiration , ate their defeated enemies without compunction !

From the very start of `` the expansion of Europe `` the invaders tended to treat all the newly discovered peoples of Southern Africa and the Americas as less than fully human , a convenient doctrine which implied that they were legitimate objects for enslavement , exploitation and extermination .
from the very start of `` the expansion of europe `` the invaders tended to treat all the newly [found out] peoples of southern africa and the americas as less than fully human , a convenient doctrine which implied that they were legitimate objects for enslavement , exploitation and extermination .

During the seventeenth century and for long afterwards philosopher-humanists of Montaigne 's colour remained a small minority ; Shakespeare 's Caliban , beast rather than human being , was the common man s stereotype of the newly discovered savages of Africa , America and the South Seas .
during the seventeenth century and for long afterwards philosopher-humanists of montaigne 's colour remained a small minority ; shakespeare 's caliban , beast rather than human being , was the common man s stereotype of the newly [found out] savages of africa , america and the south seas .

Arguments of this sort which confused the " lower sorts of men " with the " higher sorts of ape " were not simply exercises in increasingly refined scientific discrimination ; they were closely meshed in with an ongoing dialectical debate , the original purpose of which had been to establish a synthesis between the theological doctrine of the Fall and the newly discovered facts of human geography .
arguments of this sort which confused the " lower sorts of men " with the " higher sorts of ape " were not simply exercises in increasingly refined scientific discrimination ; they were closely meshed in with an ongoing dialectical debate , the original purpose of which had been to establish a synthesis between the theological doctrine of the fall and the newly [found out] facts of human geography .

In the language of sociobiology , " kinship " , outside the immediate bond of mother/infant and , perhaps , sibling/sibling , is a biological relationship which may be discovered by the research worker but which is not known to the actors in the scenario under observation .
in the language of sociobiology , " kinship " , outside the immediate bond of mother/infant and , perhaps , sibling/sibling , is a biological relationship which may be [found out] by the research worker but which is not known to the actors in the scenario under observation .

It is important to make it clear to the client that any material inaccuracies in the documentation will be discovered at the due diligence stage , when there is a real risk that an offer might be withdrawn , and almost certainly will be materially adjusted .
it is important to make it clear to the client that any material inaccuracies in the documentation will be [found out] at the due diligence stage , when there is a real risk that an offer might be withdrawn , and almost certainly will be materially adjusted .

Indemnities for specific items already identified by the key features review and any further items discovered at due diligence .
indemnities for specific items already identified by the key features review and any further items [found out] at due diligence .

Provision will be made for the conduct of the business of the offeree during the period , if any , between signing and completion and for the right for the acquirer to terminate the contract if any major changes occur or breaches of warranty are discovered during such period .
provision will be made for the conduct of the business of the offeree during the period , if any , between signing and completion and for the right for the acquirer to terminate the contract if any major changes occur or breaches of warranty are [found out] during such period .

As mentioned above , the agreement is likely to contain a provision that if there is a material breach of warranty discovered before completion , the acquirer can rescind the contract .
as mentioned above , the agreement is likely to contain a provision that if there is a material breach of warranty [found out] before completion , the acquirer can rescind the contract .

Under an indemnity , a person is liable on a pound for pound basis for any loss , whether or not the purchase price would actually have been reduced if that liability had been discovered prior to contract .
under an indemnity , a person is liable on a pound for pound basis for any loss , whether or not the purchase price would actually have been reduced if that liability had been [found out] prior to contract .

If so , he would try to hide in his panic , never thinking how easily he would be discovered .
if so , he would try to hide in his panic , never thinking how easily he would be [found out] .

The body of the murdered oriental had been discovered when the Prophet 's private suite had been forcibly entered and searched .
the body of the murdered oriental had been [found out] when the prophet 's private suite had been forcibly entered and searched .

While Grant was wakening the kids , he discovered to his dismay that most of the cubicles held four occupants , sleeping in bunk beds .
while grant was wakening the kids , he [found out] to his dismay that most of the cubicles held four occupants , sleeping in bunk beds .

He discovered quickly that he could lessen his discomfort by lying still and keeping his breathing shallow .
he [found out] quickly that he could lessen his discomfort by lying still and keeping his breathing shallow .

Perhaps once he had time to spare from his new duties , he would check up . What if he discovered that Grant had survived ? Should he kill him ? Or would that not be defying fate ? … the same fate that had reversed his own fortunes that very night ? The thought of revenge was tempting , though …
perhaps once he had time to spare from his new duties , he would check up . what if he [found out] that grant had survived ? should he kill him ? or would that not be defying fate ? … the same fate that had reversed his own fortunes that very night ? the thought of revenge was tempting , though …

Still on finance , Carl Mason discovered that a light-hearted gesture can be expensive .
still on finance , carl mason [found out] that a light-hearted gesture can be expensive .

It all went wrong when they discovered something up a gum-tree in Malaysia and called it gutta-percha .
it all went wrong when they [found out] something up a gum-tree in malaysia and called it gutta-percha .

The field was discovered in 1974 and 10 years later the first gas flowed ashore .
the field was [found out] in 1974 and 10 years later the first gas flowed ashore .

‘ As so many managers have discovered such players come cheaper than those in the Irish League .
‘ as so many managers have [found out] such players come cheaper than those in the irish league .

Only two were going through , but having toted up the scoring , the judges discovered three contestants only five marks behind in joint third place !
only two were going through , but having toted up the scoring , the judges [found out] three contestants only five marks behind in joint third place !

The bodies were discovered by Mrs Anderson 's only child , eight-year-old Kelly , when she returned home from a school function .
the bodies were [found out] by mrs anderson 's only child , eight-year-old kelly , when she returned home from a school function .

And he said there were a number of errors in the supervision of Moore after he had been discovered firing shots over the grave of a dead colleague .
and he said there were a number of errors in the supervision of moore after he had been [found out] firing shots over the grave of a dead colleague .

Arms cache discovered
arms cache [found out]

Eventually though , after Madeleine 's fifth chemotherapy session , it was discovered the cancer had spread to her liver and she died in hospital .
eventually though , after madeleine 's fifth chemotherapy session , it was [found out] the cancer had spread to her liver and she died in hospital .

The new report shows a large species list , unusual for central London , including the much talked-about " supergrass " , a unique hybrid discovered by botanist Brian Wurzell , author of the report .
the new report shows a large species list , unusual for central london , including the much talked-about " supergrass " , a unique hybrid [found out] by botanist brian wurzell , author of the report .

Jon had discovered that the plants are limited in their range by largely specific environmental conditions .
jon had [found out] that the plants are limited in their range by largely specific environmental conditions .

Jon pointed out the clearly visible " honey guides " on the plants ' petals , and explained that he had only recently discovered that they could be pollinated by butterflies . Right on cue , a butterfly flew up to the plants we were looking at and landed !
jon pointed out the clearly visible " honey guides " on the plants ' petals , and explained that he had only recently [found out] that they could be pollinated by butterflies . right on cue , a butterfly flew up to the plants we were looking at and landed !

Twenty four girls at the Southampton 1st Woolston ( St Mark 's ) Brownie Pack discovered for themselves that silence is golden by keeping absolutely quiet for half-an-hour and earning £200 from sponsors .
twenty four girls at the southampton 1st woolston ( st mark 's ) brownie pack [found out] for themselves that silence is golden by keeping absolutely quiet for half-an-hour and earning £200 from sponsors .

She discovered a tablecloth which she started to use .
she [found out] a tablecloth which she started to use .

She had discovered that it was n't a proper job ( as she called it to herself ) since none of them was paid for going there or being on the rota .
she had [found out] that it was n't a proper job ( as she called it to herself ) since none of them was paid for going there or being on the rota .

It seemed to Caro that she had probably discovered the only job in the world which was suited to her strange requirements .
it seemed to caro that she had probably [found out] the only job in the world which was suited to her strange requirements .

Tuesday , December 1 — Bomb attack in West End foiled when police discovered Ford Transit van packed with explosive off London 's Tottenham Court Road .
tuesday , december 1 — bomb attack in west end foiled when police [found out] ford transit van packed with explosive off london 's tottenham court road .

The Ruger pistol was part of a haul of guns and ammunition discovered in Queensland Street off the Shankill Road on February 18 .
the ruger pistol was part of a haul of guns and ammunition [found out] in queensland street off the shankill road on february 18 .

In their encounters , between saying Mass , Confirmations , funerals and weddings , he was like a man who had suddenly discovered the joys of sex .
in their encounters , between saying mass , confirmations , funerals and weddings , he was like a man who had suddenly [found out] the joys of sex .

Then on leaving the table , horse-racing fan Parrott discovered that Amron , his nap of the day , had sprinted home at 10–1 at Doncaster .
then on leaving the table , horse-racing fan parrott [found out] that amron , his nap of the day , had sprinted home at 10–1 at doncaster .

Abelson 1 regards a reasonable rate of publication for an established investigator as an annual rate of two to three papers , rising to four or five when ‘ a hot field is discovered ’ .
abelson 1 regards a reasonable rate of publication for an established investigator as an annual rate of two to three papers , rising to four or five when ‘ a hot field is [found out] ’ .

Husameddin 's argument , moreover , ignores the facts that Shams al-Din is known to have been part of Molla Fenari 's name but not , so far as can be discovered , of that of his son and that the son was regularly referred to as Mehmed Sah whereas it is not known that Molla Fenari ever was .
husameddin 's argument , moreover , ignores the facts that shams al-din is known to have been part of molla fenari 's name but not , so far as can be [found out] , of that of his son and that the son was regularly referred to as mehmed sah whereas it is not known that molla fenari ever was .

The third is the possibility , suggested also by Katib Celebi 's account of the office and supported to some degree by several contemporary documents , that there may have been a separate official muftilik of Edirne during the period : unfortunately , so shadowy is the evidence for its existence that as matters now stand it merely adds to the confusion , though could the facts about it be discovered , they might go some way toward resolving some of the problems in this vexed period .
the third is the possibility , suggested also by katib celebi 's account of the office and supported to some degree by several contemporary documents , that there may have been a separate official muftilik of edirne during the period : unfortunately , so shadowy is the evidence for its existence that as matters now stand it merely adds to the confusion , though could the facts about it be [found out] , they might go some way toward resolving some of the problems in this vexed period .

This fact was discovered by Gregor Mendel in the last century , although he would n't have put it like that .
this fact was [found out] by gregor mendel in the last century , although he would n't have put it like that .

Quiss had demolished a significant part of the castle when he first discovered this , unwilling to believe that the stones , every one of them , all the tens of thousands of cubic metres the castle must be composed of , all those kilotonnes of rock really were saturated , filled full of hidden , indecipherable lettering .
quiss had demolished a significant part of the castle when he first [found out] this , unwilling to believe that the stones , every one of them , all the tens of thousands of cubic metres the castle must be composed of , all those kilotonnes of rock really were saturated , filled full of hidden , indecipherable lettering .

Nothing more complicated or obtuse ; just that , Ajayi thought it was a joke , but so far all the castle 's inhabitants , all the attendants and waiters , one or two other subsidiary characters they had discovered , the seneschal himself , and even the ever-facetious rooks and crows which infested the decaying upper storeys had treated the question with extreme seriousness .
nothing more complicated or obtuse ; just that , ajayi thought it was a joke , but so far all the castle 's inhabitants , all the attendants and waiters , one or two other subsidiary characters they had [found out] , the seneschal himself , and even the ever-facetious rooks and crows which infested the decaying upper storeys had treated the question with extreme seriousness .

Similarly , at the other end of the belt , Chalk was later discovered in south-west Ireland ( where it must have been noticed by the early surveyors , but they had evidently been too scared of their autocratic director to record such an unlikely phenomenon ) .
similarly , at the other end of the belt , chalk was later [found out] in south-west ireland ( where it must have been noticed by the early surveyors , but they had evidently been too scared of their autocratic director to record such an unlikely phenomenon ) .

Even though he may pay lip service to the idea that there are probably many breaks not yet discovered , nevertheless almost every geologist seems to accept the above doctrine , albeit subconsciously .
even though he may pay lip service to the idea that there are probably many breaks not yet [found out] , nevertheless almost every geologist seems to accept the above doctrine , albeit subconsciously .

When stratigraphers discovered facies ( way back in the days of Gressly ) , then all differences in lithology tended to become synchronous .
when stratigraphers [found out] facies ( way back in the days of gressly ) , then all differences in lithology tended to become synchronous .

Conversely , when they discovered diachronism , all similarities in lithology tended to be taken as evidence of different ages .
conversely , when they [found out] diachronism , all similarities in lithology tended to be taken as evidence of different ages .

Alternatively , strata will later be discovered that appear to fall into the time gap between the two stages .
alternatively , strata will later be [found out] that appear to fall into the time gap between the two stages .

Newton discovered that if light from the sun passes through a triangular-shaped piece of glass , called a prism , it breaks up into its component colours ( its spectrum ) as in a rainbow .
newton [found out] that if light from the sun passes through a triangular-shaped piece of glass , called a prism , it breaks up into its component colours ( its spectrum ) as in a rainbow .

First they discovered bird droppings in their detector and checked for other possible malfunctions , but soon ruled these out .
first they [found out] bird droppings in their detector and checked for other possible malfunctions , but soon ruled these out .

Despite the success of his model and his prediction of Hubble 's observations , Friedmann 's work remained largely unknown in the West until similar models were discovered in 1935 by the American physicist Howard Robertson and the British mathematician Arthur Walker , in response to Hubble 's discovery of the uniform expansion of the universe .
despite the success of his model and his prediction of hubble 's observations , friedmann 's work remained largely unknown in the west until similar models were [found out] in 1935 by the american physicist howard robertson and the british mathematician arthur walker , in response to hubble 's discovery of the uniform expansion of the universe .

However , in 1932 a colleague of Rutherford 's at Cambridge , James Chadwick , discovered that the nucleus contained another particle , called the neutron , which had almost the same mass as a proton but no electrical charge .
however , in 1932 a colleague of rutherford 's at cambridge , james chadwick , [found out] that the nucleus contained another particle , called the neutron , which had almost the same mass as a proton but no electrical charge .

This was discovered in 1925 by an Austrian physicist , Wolfgang Pauli-for which he received the Nobel prize in 1945 .
this was [found out] in 1925 by an austrian physicist , wolfgang pauli-for which he received the nobel prize in 1945 .

If a complete unified theory was discovered , it would only be a matter of time before it was digested and simplified in the same way and taught in schools , at least in outline .
if a complete unified theory was [found out] , it would only be a matter of time before it was digested and simplified in the same way and taught in schools , at least in outline .

In the other he clutched a fifty-p piece , a coin he 'd discovered the evening before in Mrs Abigail 's purse , which carelessly she 'd left on top of the refrigerator .
in the other he clutched a fifty-p piece , a coin he 'd [found out] the evening before in mrs abigail 's purse , which carelessly she 'd left on top of the refrigerator .

She should have told her that after thirty-six years of marriage she 'd discovered her husband was a homosexual , the explanation of everything .
she should have told her that after thirty-six years of marriage she 'd [found out] her husband was a homosexual , the explanation of everything .

He discovered notes on the Sand Martin and the Rufous-sided Towhee and the Isabel-line Wheatear and the Whiskered Tern .
he [found out] notes on the sand martin and the rufous-sided towhee and the isabel-line wheatear and the whiskered tern .

Her murderer was never discovered .
her murderer was never [found out] .

Her murderer was never discovered , either .
her murderer was never [found out] , either .

You always knew when a child was lying , by the light in the child 's eyes , as she 'd discovered twenty-seven years ago with her own Winnie .
you always knew when a child was lying , by the light in the child 's eyes , as she 'd [found out] twenty-seven years ago with her own winnie .

Miss Malabedeely had looked embarrassed , discovered on her knees like that , but it had n't mattered because of her niceness .
miss malabedeely had looked embarrassed , [found out] on her knees like that , but it had n't mattered because of her niceness .

This child in her distress appeared to have discovered something similar .
this child in her distress appeared to have [found out] something similar .

How could he say that there was only God 's insistence , even though He abided by no rules Himself , that His strictures should be discovered and obeyed ?
how could he say that there was only god 's insistence , even though he abided by no rules himself , that his strictures should be [found out] and obeyed ?

One minute you discovered you could do a falsetto , the next that there was a reason why a woman had given you a sweet .
one minute you [found out] you could do a falsetto , the next that there was a reason why a woman had given you a sweet .

And when Amabel had discovered his close relationship to such ancient and noble families as the Larks of Moorby Hall and the Covington-Pyms , she had written out his invitation card at once .
and when amabel had [found out] his close relationship to such ancient and noble families as the larks of moorby hall and the covington-pyms , she had written out his invitation card at once .

Eva discovered she was to go to Portsmouth , a naval port on the south coast , until she started her studies at London University .
eva [found out] she was to go to portsmouth , a naval port on the south coast , until she started her studies at london university .

On their return they discovered he had not only done as instructed but painted the trees which lined the drive as well .
on their return they [found out] he had not only done as instructed but painted the trees which lined the drive as well .

Far from not knowing what she was doing her staff discovered it was all they could do to keep up with her .
far from not knowing what she was doing her staff [found out] it was all they could do to keep up with her .

As she talked to key people and travelled round Britain on her preliminary fact-finding tour she discovered she had a big area of ignorance .
as she talked to key people and travelled round britain on her preliminary fact-finding tour she [found out] she had a big area of ignorance .

Catherine Bramwell Booth , the eldest granddaughter of the Founder , had discovered when she was head of women 's social services fifty years before that the leader needed a thorough knowledge of Salvation Army policy and practice and a keen grasp of government legislation .
catherine bramwell booth , the eldest granddaughter of the founder , had [found out] when she was head of women 's social services fifty years before that the leader needed a thorough knowledge of salvation army policy and practice and a keen grasp of government legislation .

She shared the perplexity she had felt as a young officer when she first discovered that a certain number of votes were required to elect a General .
she shared the perplexity she had felt as a young officer when she first [found out] that a certain number of votes were required to elect a general .

During the worst of the winter weather one was discovered dead at the bottom of a rubbish chute in a high rise building .
during the worst of the winter weather one was [found out] dead at the bottom of a rubbish chute in a high rise building .

He discovered that he would inherit the Baskerville lands and fortune if Sir Charles and Sir Henry both died .
he [found out] that he would inherit the baskerville lands and fortune if sir charles and sir henry both died .

Part of a massive structure with walls 2 m ( 61 ft ) thick was discovered at the junction of Castle and Fisher Streets ; it was flanked on the west by a possible road running parallel to the main northwest to south-east axis .
part of a massive structure with walls 2 m ( 61 ft ) thick was [found out] at the junction of castle and fisher streets ; it was flanked on the west by a possible road running parallel to the main northwest to south-east axis .

The earliest military site at Corbridge lies west of the Roman town at Red House , where a large Agricolan supply base and works depot was discovered in excavations carried out before the construction of the new bypass .
the earliest military site at corbridge lies west of the roman town at red house , where a large agricolan supply base and works depot was [found out] in excavations carried out before the construction of the new bypass .

At the point where Dere Street crosses the northern line of the curtain wall , two masonry foundations , 2.4 m ( 74 ft ) square and 8.2 m ( 27 ft ) apart were discovered in an excavation .
at the point where dere street crosses the northern line of the curtain wall , two masonry foundations , 2.4 m ( 74 ft ) square and 8.2 m ( 27 ft ) apart were [found out] in an excavation .

Very little has been discovered of the gates , although their sites can be predicted with tolerable certainty .
very little has been [found out] of the gates , although their sites can be predicted with tolerable certainty .

Another possible bath-house has already been mentioned , having been discovered in the excavation in the High Street in 1961–2 .
another possible bath-house has already been mentioned , having been [found out] in the excavation in the high street in 1961–2 .

Most interesting is the Water Newton treasure discovered in 1975 in the south-east of the defended enclosure .
most interesting is the water newton treasure [found out] in 1975 in the south-east of the defended enclosure .

The principal cemetery area , however , appears to have been that discovered during turnpike road construction in 1739 to the south and south-west .
the principal cemetery area , however , appears to have been that [found out] during turnpike road construction in 1739 to the south and south-west .

In 1754 , further burials were discovered during the rebuilding of Kate 's Cabin at the southern edge of the extra-mural area .
in 1754 , further burials were [found out] during the rebuilding of kate 's cabin at the southern edge of the extra-mural area .

Numerous other fragments of buildings , many of barn-like or shop-like forms , have been discovered in the suburbs , representing almost the entire Roman period from the lat e first century onwards .
numerous other fragments of buildings , many of barn-like or shop-like forms , have been [found out] in the suburbs , representing almost the entire roman period from the lat e first century onwards .

The ‘ development risks ’ defence is available where the defendant shows ‘ that the state of scientific and technical knowledge at the relevant time was not such that a producer of products of the same description as the product in question might be expected to have discovered the defect if it had existed in his products while they were under his control .
the ‘ development risks ’ defence is available where the defendant shows ‘ that the state of scientific and technical knowledge at the relevant time was not such that a producer of products of the same description as the product in question might be expected to have [found out] the defect if it had existed in his products while they were under his control .

Proceedings must be commenced within three years of when the injury or damage occurred or , if the injury , etc. , was not discovered until later , within three years of when the plaintiff became aware of the injury or damage .
proceedings must be commenced within three years of when the injury or damage occurred or , if the injury , etc. , was not [found out] until later , within three years of when the plaintiff became aware of the injury or damage .

The relevant circumstances were that : ( i ) the limitation terms had nut been negotiated by any representative body ; ( ii ) the buyers could not have discovered the error ( i. e. that the wrong seed had been delivered ) until after the crop was sown , whereas the sellers were in a position to have known ; ( iii ) the buyers could not reasonably have been expected to cover such a risk ( i.e .
the relevant circumstances were that : ( i ) the limitation terms had nut been negotiated by any representative body ; ( ii ) the buyers could not have [found out] the error ( i. e. that the wrong seed had been delivered ) until after the crop was sown , whereas the sellers were in a position to have known ; ( iii ) the buyers could not reasonably have been expected to cover such a risk ( i.e .

He made inquiries and discovered that for just 19 he could get to Ontario .
he made inquiries and [found out] that for just 19 he could get to ontario .

Their friends told them they were crazy , it sold for a nickel and nobody , they discovered , had the curiosity to buy it although it did make all the local Greenwich Village news-stands .
their friends told them they were crazy , it sold for a nickel and nobody , they [found out] , had the curiosity to buy it although it did make all the local greenwich village news-stands .

Dutifully she and Luke followed Anna and Sam through the house ; they discovered that they had both visited it several times in the past .
dutifully she and luke followed anna and sam through the house ; they [found out] that they had both visited it several times in the past .

Meanwhile , the Swedes claim to have discovered a cure for the sore eyes caused by staring at a screen all day which does n't involve putting any kind of filter or screen over the monitor .
meanwhile , the swedes claim to have [found out] a cure for the sore eyes caused by staring at a screen all day which does n't involve putting any kind of filter or screen over the monitor .

There is a high degree of interaction with other non-playing characters during the game , but all conversations are by way of ‘ forced ’ options — being decided by what you have discovered or achieved during the game .
there is a high degree of interaction with other non-playing characters during the game , but all conversations are by way of ‘ forced ’ options — being decided by what you have [found out] or achieved during the game .

They discovered Julie 's jeep and Mr Ward found his daughter 's remains on the ashes of a fire in the bush .
they [found out] julie 's jeep and mr ward found his daughter 's remains on the ashes of a fire in the bush .

Shortly after she discovered she had breast cancer .
shortly after she [found out] she had breast cancer .

She was ashamed to think that Rupert might have discovered her looking it up .
she was ashamed to think that rupert might have [found out] her looking it up .

It was good advice , as she discovered just a few miles out of town when , as he 'd predicted , she found herself in a very different environment .
it was good advice , as she [found out] just a few miles out of town when , as he 'd predicted , she found herself in a very different environment .

Oh , she could fall into Dane 's arms easily enough ; she 'd discovered to her cost just how easily out in the snow today .
oh , she could fall into dane 's arms easily enough ; she 'd [found out] to her cost just how easily out in the snow today .

She 'd always considered herself so strong , so immune to the temptations of the flesh ; yet last night she 'd discovered a depth of passion within her that had shaken her profoundly .
she 'd always considered herself so strong , so immune to the temptations of the flesh ; yet last night she 'd [found out] a depth of passion within her that had shaken her profoundly .

He smiled back at her , and the knife twisted still deeper in Shae 's stomach , robbing her of the pleasure of just a moment ago . What was she doing here ? Why had n't she simply walked out of the theatre as soon as she 'd discovered he was in the cast ?
he smiled back at her , and the knife twisted still deeper in shae 's stomach , robbing her of the pleasure of just a moment ago . what was she doing here ? why had n't she simply walked out of the theatre as soon as she 'd [found out] he was in the cast ?

The moment was shattered as the telephone on the bedside-table suddenly discovered its voice , and Dane cursed quietly under his breath .
the moment was shattered as the telephone on the bedside-table suddenly [found out] its voice , and dane cursed quietly under his breath .

‘ When he discovered you 'd disappeared , he went storming off half cocked and in a filthy rage that would have rocked the very mountains .
‘ when he [found out] you 'd disappeared , he went storming off half cocked and in a filthy rage that would have rocked the very mountains .

Her blood sang in her veins as his hands discovered her shapeliness , sought out the heavy fullness of her breast .
her blood sang in her veins as his hands [found out] her shapeliness , sought out the heavy fullness of her breast .

Although he agreed , it was obviously difficult for Adam to let go of the reins , as Lissa discovered when she arrived at Lynx some time later to find him still on the premises .
although he agreed , it was obviously difficult for adam to let go of the reins , as lissa [found out] when she arrived at lynx some time later to find him still on the premises .

Sooner or later we would have discovered what was going on .
sooner or later we would have [found out] what was going on .

Her breath caught in her throat as he discovered her moist centre and tenderly probed .
her breath caught in her throat as he [found out] her moist centre and tenderly probed .

The breakfast choice was just as Rune had described the previous evening , she discovered , running jaundiced eyes over the available spread before deciding to settle for orange juice , yoghurt and black coffee .
the breakfast choice was just as rune had described the previous evening , she [found out] , running jaundiced eyes over the available spread before deciding to settle for orange juice , yoghurt and black coffee .

She tried to find the right words to explain but discovered only a great disconnection between her brain and her voice , which ensured her silence .
she tried to find the right words to explain but [found out] only a great disconnection between her brain and her voice , which ensured her silence .

Karen Randall , 22 , discovered shopworker David , 19 , at their home in Swansea early yesterday .
karen randall , 22 , [found out] shopworker david , 19 , at their home in swansea early yesterday .

Jobless Mohammed Aylaus , of Surbiton , Surrey , nabbed after The People handed evidence to police , threatened to shoot a prostitute and her children when he discovered she had been witholding money from him , Reading Crown Court was told .
jobless mohammed aylaus , of surbiton , surrey , nabbed after the people handed evidence to police , threatened to shoot a prostitute and her children when he [found out] she had been witholding money from him , reading crown court was told .

It had n't been discovered yet .
it had n't been [found out] yet .

There she discovered a derelict funfair and it is from these experiences that the group of the most brightly coloured paintings , originates .
there she [found out] a derelict funfair and it is from these experiences that the group of the most brightly coloured paintings , originates .

He thought , briefly , about the police and the Fleet Air Arm , but when he was halfway through the sixth form , he discovered communications studies .
he thought , briefly , about the police and the fleet air arm , but when he was halfway through the sixth form , he [found out] communications studies .

Singer ( 1958 ) , in a critique of the Boskop Skull which was discovered in 1913 on a Transvaal farm , points out that what may have been justifiable speculation at the beginning of the century is inexcusable now .
singer ( 1958 ) , in a critique of the boskop skull which was [found out] in 1913 on a transvaal farm , points out that what may have been justifiable speculation at the beginning of the century is inexcusable now .

Father trapped one with the old Malayan gourd trick , and discovered it to have only four toes on each foot and four fingers on each hand .
father trapped one with the old malayan gourd trick , and [found out] it to have only four toes on each foot and four fingers on each hand .

There the police discovered me , four hours later , lying in a pool of my own urine .
there the police [found out] me , four hours later , lying in a pool of my own urine .

as if they 'd just discovered immortality to be
as if they 'd just [found out] immortality to be

However , the inference that at Unzen recharge rates do control eruption size , and the existence of well-documented examples where supply of fresh magma demonstrably caused eruption implies that if there is a general pattern to be discovered , it will not be a simple one .
however , the inference that at unzen recharge rates do control eruption size , and the existence of well-documented examples where supply of fresh magma demonstrably caused eruption implies that if there is a general pattern to be [found out] , it will not be a simple one .

Work has been temporarily held up as old drains are discovered and re-routed .
work has been temporarily held up as old drains are [found out] and re-routed .

‘ The General Staff has at last discovered what fighters are for .
‘ the general staff has at last [found out] what fighters are for .

Hitched to her girdle , a battery to be respected , as many a junior , including Colban her son , had discovered .
hitched to her girdle , a battery to be respected , as many a junior , including colban her son , had [found out] .

They cheered him and themselves , and discovered , at the uncovering of the food , how hungry they were .
they cheered him and themselves , and [found out] , at the uncovering of the food , how hungry they were .

‘ Foureyes ’ is recruited by the Victoria Victors to improve its design , but the car is eventually discovered and wins the race for the Bats .
‘ foureyes ’ is recruited by the victoria victors to improve its design , but the car is eventually [found out] and wins the race for the bats .

Lester had discovered an actor whom he admired and believed would become a major star .
lester had [found out] an actor whom he admired and believed would become a major star .

Where the technique of etching fell woefully short , he discovered , the art of lithography excelled .
where the technique of etching fell woefully short , he [found out] , the art of lithography excelled .

With the weight of these great taxonomists behind him , he could convince the rest of the scientific fraternity of the validity of the new species he had discovered .
with the weight of these great taxonomists behind him , he could convince the rest of the scientific fraternity of the validity of the new species he had [found out] .

The kiwi , on the other hand , which was only discovered in 1813 , was thought so ludicrous as to be a certain hoax .
the kiwi , on the other hand , which was only [found out] in 1813 , was thought so ludicrous as to be a certain hoax .

If Gould was disgusted by the commercial exploits of his fellow white men , he was compensated by the reverence for birds that he discovered among the Aborigines .
if gould was disgusted by the commercial exploits of his fellow white men , he was compensated by the reverence for birds that he [found out] among the aborigines .

Gould discovered in this hardy , middle-aged explorer , a man of great charm and great ornithological ability .
gould [found out] in this hardy , middle-aged explorer , a man of great charm and great ornithological ability .

As well as finding all about him an array of ornithological novelties of unparalleled beauty and originality , he had discovered a region abounding in extraordinary marsupials : giant kangaroos that could outrun a dog , duck-billed platypi , opossums , koalas , and spiny anteaters .
as well as finding all about him an array of ornithological novelties of unparalleled beauty and originality , he had [found out] a region abounding in extraordinary marsupials : giant kangaroos that could outrun a dog , duck-billed platypi , opossums , koalas , and spiny anteaters .

There was nothing new about this experience ; Mesopotamia was discovered to be unfriendly terrain for military manoeuvre during the First World War and British service maps of the area are peppered with such legends as ‘ motorable in dry weather ’ , ‘ flats liable to flood ’ and ‘ marshland usually flooded ’ .
there was nothing new about this experience ; mesopotamia was [found out] to be unfriendly terrain for military manoeuvre during the first world war and british service maps of the area are peppered with such legends as ‘ motorable in dry weather ’ , ‘ flats liable to flood ’ and ‘ marshland usually flooded ’ .

Thanks to retired employee , Link has discovered the car 's present whereabouts and brings you the story behind its restoration .
thanks to retired employee , link has [found out] the car 's present whereabouts and brings you the story behind its restoration .

In the problem of consumption , therefore , urban sociology has not only at long last discovered an object of analysis ; it has helped identify one of the core questions of the modern age .
in the problem of consumption , therefore , urban sociology has not only at long last [found out] an object of analysis ; it has helped identify one of the core questions of the modern age .

Somehow or other Pikey found his glasses and , in the course of getting them hung on his ears , discovered his rug was missing .
somehow or other pikey found his glasses and , in the course of getting them hung on his ears , [found out] his rug was missing .

They had also done something terrible to the boiler , and discovered dry rot in the airing-cupboard .
they had also done something terrible to the boiler , and [found out] dry rot in the airing-cupboard .

It is a mechanical process , indeed the technique has been automated ( see Chapter 11 ) , but the difficult part of it lies in understanding the meaning , that is , the semantics of the data , and this is only discovered by extensive and careful data analysis .
it is a mechanical process , indeed the technique has been automated ( see chapter 11 ) , but the difficult part of it lies in understanding the meaning , that is , the semantics of the data , and this is only [found out] by extensive and careful data analysis .

New ones are discovered every week .
new ones are [found out] every week .

‘ Thought you 'd discovered a vile plot ? ’ Harvey asked flippantly .
‘ thought you 'd [found out] a vile plot ? ’ harvey asked flippantly .

She has discovered that a boundary line for consumption of non-staple household goods existed even across the bequeathing classes , and has cautioned against accepting much contemporary opinion that the `` luxury `` market had reached well down the social scale .
she has [found out] that a boundary line for consumption of non-staple household goods existed even across the bequeathing classes , and has cautioned against accepting much contemporary opinion that the `` luxury `` market had reached well down the social scale .

‘ So it befell that he read Goethe 's The Sorrows of Young Werther and discovered the nature of love .
‘ so it befell that he read goethe 's the sorrows of young werther and [found out] the nature of love .

He read Plutarch 's Lives , and discovered the nature of human struggle .
he read plutarch 's lives , and [found out] the nature of human struggle .

And , most unfortunately , he read Milton 's great poem , Paradise Lost , from which he discovered religion .
and , most unfortunately , he read milton 's great poem , paradise lost , from which he [found out] religion .

There were swift and dramatic changes of scenery , from towering mountains to beautiful , peaceful valleys , wooded and secret , places that looked as if no man had ever discovered them .
there were swift and dramatic changes of scenery , from towering mountains to beautiful , peaceful valleys , wooded and secret , places that looked as if no man had ever [found out] them .

When he rose , he discovered that the gentleman had removed his hat .
when he rose , he [found out] that the gentleman had removed his hat .

Suddenly urgent to feed her , he looked about the table and discovered that there was only the one plate and set of utensils .
suddenly urgent to feed her , he looked about the table and [found out] that there was only the one plate and set of utensils .

It would not do to be discovered in so — intimate a situation .
it would not do to be [found out] in so — intimate a situation .

He glanced up at her face again , and discovered that she was looking at him with some interest , and it struck him that until now starvation had held her attention to the exclusion of all else .
he glanced up at her face again , and [found out] that she was looking at him with some interest , and it struck him that until now starvation had held her attention to the exclusion of all else .

She discovered that she was hungry , and , having enquired the time of her neighbour in the coach , a thick-set farmer , decided it was safe to consume her sandwich .
she [found out] that she was hungry , and , having enquired the time of her neighbour in the coach , a thick-set farmer , decided it was safe to consume her sandwich .

She wished with all her heart that she could turn around and go back , depart from this unprepossessing , even frightening place before ever she discovered what awaited her within its mouldering walls .
she wished with all her heart that she could turn around and go back , depart from this unprepossessing , even frightening place before ever she [found out] what awaited her within its mouldering walls .

She sniffed and discovered that Mr Beckenham was offering her a pocket handkerchief .
she sniffed and [found out] that mr beckenham was offering her a pocket handkerchief .

She rarely came out of Merchiston Lodge , except to go to the village , and it was quite a pleasure , she discovered , to be driving away from it .
she rarely came out of merchiston lodge , except to go to the village , and it was quite a pleasure , she [found out] , to be driving away from it .

With the return of constraint she put a hand to her fluttering bosom and discovered that several hooks on her bodice had come loose — No , had been torn loose by Benedict 's hand !
with the return of constraint she put a hand to her fluttering bosom and [found out] that several hooks on her bodice had come loose — no , had been torn loose by benedict 's hand !

Just do n't expect me to ring for an ambulance in the morning when you 're discovered suffering from pneumonia and exposure !
just do n't expect me to ring for an ambulance in the morning when you 're [found out] suffering from pneumonia and exposure !

Simply a group of Mark 's old friends , discovered in the local pub one evening , precious to her because of their association .
simply a group of mark 's old friends , [found out] in the local pub one evening , precious to her because of their association .

We have now discovered that a competitive equilibrium in all markets would generate one particular Pareto-efficient allocation .
we have now [found out] that a competitive equilibrium in all markets would generate one particular pareto-efficient allocation .

They hope , of course , that other genuine artefacts might be discovered .
they hope , of course , that other genuine artefacts might be [found out] .

‘ And discovered me rifling through mother 's jewel box , ’ Phena finished .
‘ and [found out] me rifling through mother 's jewel box , ’ phena finished .

She was the woman who discovered the personal stereo in the early nineties .
she was the woman who [found out] the personal stereo in the early nineties .

He loved driving and no doubt would always do so , but Kate discovered that there was a realist behind the glamorous image .
he loved driving and no doubt would always do so , but kate [found out] that there was a realist behind the glamorous image .

She in her turn had discovered a man who might be charismatic in public , but privately was one who was also ruthless , single-minded , and a loner , an attitude that disconcerted her , because she recognised similar traits in herself .
she in her turn had [found out] a man who might be charismatic in public , but privately was one who was also ruthless , single-minded , and a loner , an attitude that disconcerted her , because she recognised similar traits in herself .

In the taxi she discovered that Ace had won the Spanish Grand Prix , but only just .
in the taxi she [found out] that ace had won the spanish grand prix , but only just .

Once she 'd discovered her pregnancy she 'd had time to think , to plan .
once she 'd [found out] her pregnancy she 'd had time to think , to plan .

What he discovered pleased him because his lips softened against hers and his questing hand slid beneath her hair to find her tender nape and soothe wonderfully .
what he [found out] pleased him because his lips softened against hers and his questing hand slid beneath her hair to find her tender nape and soothe wonderfully .

Or have you suddenly discovered ambition ?
or have you suddenly [found out] ambition ?

The next time she returned to consciousness she discovered that the whole right side of her face was numb , and that was all she registered .
the next time she returned to consciousness she [found out] that the whole right side of her face was numb , and that was all she registered .

‘ He was a soldier , you know , ’ she had said , podding peas so rapidly that Sally-Anne was full of awe for such expertise , pea-podding being difficult , she had discovered .
‘ he was a soldier , you know , ’ she had said , podding peas so rapidly that sally-anne was full of awe for such expertise , pea-podding being difficult , she had [found out] .

‘ At least let me wash them up , ’ replied Sally-Anne determinedly , and , Rose giving way , she discovered that the water had to be fetched from a tap in the inside court , there being none piped into any of the surrounding buildings , and the privy was a common one , also standing in the yard .
‘ at least let me wash them up , ’ replied sally-anne determinedly , and , rose giving way , she [found out] that the water had to be fetched from a tap in the inside court , there being none piped into any of the surrounding buildings , and the privy was a common one , also standing in the yard .

How could any man want to lay a finger on her , never mind father her children ? The youngest of whom , she discovered , was only six weeks old , and was brought from the bedroom in an elderly bassinet to be fed , not mother 's milk , but some patent milk powder made up with the dubious water from the outside tap .
how could any man want to lay a finger on her , never mind father her children ? the youngest of whom , she [found out] , was only six weeks old , and was brought from the bedroom in an elderly bassinet to be fed , not mother 's milk , but some patent milk powder made up with the dubious water from the outside tap .

After all , the poor child was probably still in shock compounded of shame at being so discovered , and relief at her salvation .
after all , the poor child was probably still in shock compounded of shame at being so [found out] , and relief at her salvation .

Her temperament had not changed , that was plain , but her moral nature had , as his had changed after he had discovered the wretched and hopeless poverty of the homes from which the soldiers who had served him had come .
her temperament had not changed , that was plain , but her moral nature had , as his had changed after he had [found out] the wretched and hopeless poverty of the homes from which the soldiers who had served him had come .

That , and the discovery that she could not bear a man near her in the early days after the rape ; so she had feigned an illness , explained as the consequence of her breaking her engagement with Havvie , which , of course , had caused an immense furore inside and outside of society , and Mama and Papa had put off their visit to England , and sent her loving letters , for she had written that she had discovered that she did not really love Havvie at all , had merely been beglamoured by his appearance , name and title .
that , and the discovery that she could not bear a man near her in the early days after the rape ; so she had feigned an illness , explained as the consequence of her breaking her engagement with havvie , which , of course , had caused an immense furore inside and outside of society , and mama and papa had put off their visit to england , and sent her loving letters , for she had written that she had [found out] that she did not really love havvie at all , had merely been beglamoured by his appearance , name and title .

Such a modest occasion to make a girl like Sally-Anne Tunstall , used to kings and courts , happy , but it was , she discovered , true happiness to hold her future husband 's hand , drink the lemonade he had brought her , and watch her work being praised and , more to the purpose , sold .
such a modest occasion to make a girl like sally-anne tunstall , used to kings and courts , happy , but it was , she [found out] , true happiness to hold her future husband 's hand , drink the lemonade he had brought her , and watch her work being praised and , more to the purpose , sold .

After all , Papa was only just forty-one , and Mama was younger than that , and they were both so handsome that it was a wonder — or perhaps not — that they were so faithful to one another , so much so that it was almost a joke , Papa having been a great ladies ' man in his youth , she had discovered .
after all , papa was only just forty-one , and mama was younger than that , and they were both so handsome that it was a wonder — or perhaps not — that they were so faithful to one another , so much so that it was almost a joke , papa having been a great ladies ' man in his youth , she had [found out] .

In the morning he would go to the embassy , fall on his knees before her , beg her to return , to forgive him — anything — because he loved her , and love , if it were true , not only conquered all , but accepted all — ‘ Love is not love , Which alters when it alteration finds , ’ Shakespeare had said in his greatest sonnet , and he had discovered that for himself — but too late , too late .
in the morning he would go to the embassy , fall on his knees before her , beg her to return , to forgive him — anything — because he loved her , and love , if it were true , not only conquered all , but accepted all — ‘ love is not love , which alters when it alteration finds , ’ shakespeare had said in his greatest sonnet , and he had [found out] that for himself — but too late , too late .

It was Falconer who discovered the spy 's code-name : Raphael .
it was falconer who [found out] the spy 's code-name : raphael .

‘ One of Falconer 's agents was discovered in the Rue des Billets .
‘ one of falconer 's agents was [found out] in the rue des billets .

Throgmorton , who surveyed the area after Falconer 's body had been discovered , found no trace of any such slip or , indeed , of anyone else being with Falconer on the top of the tower .
throgmorton , who surveyed the area after falconer 's body had been [found out] , found no trace of any such slip or , indeed , of anyone else being with falconer on the top of the tower .

‘ Do you think he discovered who Raphael was ? ’
‘ do you think he [found out] who raphael was ? ’

And our ideas about the energy crisis also seem to have been borne out — with enough new oil reserves discovered to allay fears of imminent exhaustion and with the nuclear energy debate becoming more and more an ideological issue .
and our ideas about the energy crisis also seem to have been borne out — with enough new oil reserves [found out] to allay fears of imminent exhaustion and with the nuclear energy debate becoming more and more an ideological issue .

China discovered its own road towards a more democratic version of socialism in the course of the 1990s .
china [found out] its own road towards a more democratic version of socialism in the course of the 1990s .

For six years Rita has lived the knife-edge existence of an illegal immigrant : invisible to the social services and institutions that citizens and landed immigrants can count on ; and constantly afraid of being discovered by immigration officials and deported .
for six years rita has lived the knife-edge existence of an illegal immigrant : invisible to the social services and institutions that citizens and landed immigrants can count on ; and constantly afraid of being [found out] by immigration officials and deported .

They discovered that people in poor countries persisted in having so many children because they wanted them .
they [found out] that people in poor countries persisted in having so many children because they wanted them .

At around two that afternoon one Sandinista driver discovered the dead bodies of three contras near the bridge .
at around two that afternoon one sandinista driver [found out] the dead bodies of three contras near the bridge .

Short of sugar , they discovered the archipelago 's potential for growing cane — still the country 's major export — and annexed the islands in 1874 .
short of sugar , they [found out] the archipelago 's potential for growing cane — still the country 's major export — and annexed the islands in 1874 .

Isaac Newton discovered gravity when he saw an apple fall to earth .
isaac newton [found out] gravity when he saw an apple fall to earth .

And recently the Big Boys of business discovered where a lot more bucks can be found — in fruit and vegetable species , lurking among the genes .
and recently the big boys of business [found out] where a lot more bucks can be found — in fruit and vegetable species , lurking among the genes .

After scouring through several reports , he ran his forefinger down a column of figures and discovered the facts behind the old woman 's plight : commodity prices are plunging .
after scouring through several reports , he ran his forefinger down a column of figures and [found out] the facts behind the old woman 's plight : commodity prices are plunging .

Stevens also discovered that loan money finds its way ‘ home ’ through the building of extravagant , ill-conceived development projects .
stevens also [found out] that loan money finds its way ‘ home ’ through the building of extravagant , ill-conceived development projects .

First they discovered that an atom-smashing war would have catastrophic effects — like planetary winter and the death of terrestrial cultivation .
first they [found out] that an atom-smashing war would have catastrophic effects — like planetary winter and the death of terrestrial cultivation .

When Earthlets discovered they were devouring their planet , they repented .
when earthlets [found out] they were devouring their planet , they repented .

Susanna Rance meets a musician who has discovered the musical weight in traditional bamboo pipes .
susanna rance meets a musician who has [found out] the musical weight in traditional bamboo pipes .

It aimed at boosting rice production and improving literacy and health care , and was partially financed with the revenues from oil which had been discovered in the 1950s .
it aimed at boosting rice production and improving literacy and health care , and was partially financed with the revenues from oil which had been [found out] in the 1950s .

Because this follows from the ‘ Second law of motion ’ discovered by Newton .
because this follows from the ‘ second law of motion ’ [found out] by newton .

About the same time in Iowa , a Quaker farmer called Jesse Hiatt discovered a sucker sprouting from the roots of a dead tree .
about the same time in iowa , a quaker farmer called jesse hiatt [found out] a sucker sprouting from the roots of a dead tree .

Another of the most famous modern apples was discovered in Australia by Maria Anne Smith .
another of the most famous modern apples was [found out] in australia by maria anne smith .

But Bond only had a license to kill — arms dealers have something much more lucrative , as Janice Turner discovered .
but bond only had a license to kill — arms dealers have something much more lucrative , as janice turner [found out] .

We learned some days ago that bags containing Canadian diplomatic mail had been discovered by staff at Wandsworth prison .
we learned some days ago that bags containing canadian diplomatic mail had been [found out] by staff at wandsworth prison .

Will the hon. Gentleman say what action has been taken to explain why the missing material was left in the bags sent to Wandsworth prison ? Will he explain exactly when it was discovered that that material was in the bags sent to Wandsworth prison and when the search for it started ? Is it true that an interval of several days elapsed between the discovery and the search ? How much material is still missing ? Is a search still going on for missing material ? How much of that material , missing or retrieved , is sensitive material ?
will the hon. gentleman say what action has been taken to explain why the missing material was left in the bags sent to wandsworth prison ? will he explain exactly when it was [found out] that that material was in the bags sent to wandsworth prison and when the search for it started ? is it true that an interval of several days elapsed between the discovery and the search ? how much material is still missing ? is a search still going on for missing material ? how much of that material , missing or retrieved , is sensitive material ?

In the middle ages , it was discovered that many regiments were not getting their fair share .
in the middle ages , it was [found out] that many regiments were not getting their fair share .

When an inquiry was carried out , it was discovered that the regiments that had the most influence , either through royal or noble connections , were doing much better in respect of ammunition and supplies than some others .
when an inquiry was carried out , it was [found out] that the regiments that had the most influence , either through royal or noble connections , were doing much better in respect of ammunition and supplies than some others .

Seb turned a little too quickly and discovered yet another badly bruised part of his anatomy .
seb turned a little too quickly and [found out] yet another badly bruised part of his anatomy .

Waiting outside the room , Seb could hear the occasional moan of distress from his mother and he wondered what else they had discovered .
waiting outside the room , seb could hear the occasional moan of distress from his mother and he wondered what else they had [found out] .

He moved and let out a groan as he discovered how stiff his limbs were .
he moved and let out a groan as he [found out] how stiff his limbs were .

Meredith Putt was discovered later that day by one of the forest gamekeepers .
meredith putt was [found out] later that day by one of the forest gamekeepers .

When Constable Giles Aplin and Detective Policeman Gideon Eddy reached the smouldering remains of Swinbrook Manor , the villagers had discovered two charred and unidentifiable bodies among the ruins of the house .
when constable giles aplin and detective policeman gideon eddy reached the smouldering remains of swinbrook manor , the villagers had [found out] two charred and unidentifiable bodies among the ruins of the house .

At last , in an effort to bring her mind back to an even keel , she went to the office , where she discovered a pile of farm accounts had been left on the desk .
at last , in an effort to bring her mind back to an even keel , she went to the office , where she [found out] a pile of farm accounts had been left on the desk .

Within moments of leaving the kitchen , Lucy 's annoyance was stirred to an even greater degree when she discovered Doreen already settled in the minibus that would be driven by Silas .
within moments of leaving the kitchen , lucy 's annoyance was stirred to an even greater degree when she [found out] doreen already settled in the minibus that would be driven by silas .

Eventually the time came when she could n't delay going downstairs any longer , and when she reached the kitchen she discovered that the visitor had left , and that Silas was examining the contents of the fridge .
eventually the time came when she could n't delay going downstairs any longer , and when she reached the kitchen she [found out] that the visitor had left , and that silas was examining the contents of the fridge .

Had she discovered insincerity and instability among Australian men ?
had she [found out] insincerity and instability among australian men ?

Can the Minister provide similar figures for the amount of gas discovered in the North sea and an estimate of the life of our gas supplies ?
can the minister provide similar figures for the amount of gas [found out] in the north sea and an estimate of the life of our gas supplies ?

Gentleman , who has only just discovered it .
gentleman , who has only just [found out] it .

In fact , we discovered the problem and acted immediately so that there would be no danger to public health .
in fact , we [found out] the problem and acted immediately so that there would be no danger to public health .

As it appears from the information published to date by the Minister that it is almost impossible to determine the exact source of the dioxin that is causing the problem , what comfort does that provide to farmers ? If the source can not be discovered , how can the polluter be forced to pay ? Given that these are insidious and dangerous chemicals that have wide-ranging and far-reaching implications for the food industry , is not it time that the Government thought again about compensation in such circumstances ?
as it appears from the information published to date by the minister that it is almost impossible to determine the exact source of the dioxin that is causing the problem , what comfort does that provide to farmers ? if the source can not be [found out] , how can the polluter be forced to pay ? given that these are insidious and dangerous chemicals that have wide-ranging and far-reaching implications for the food industry , is not it time that the government thought again about compensation in such circumstances ?

Is the Minister aware that three annual checks by Welsh trading standards officers discovered that as many as one in five lorries on Welsh roads are overloaded , yet the chance of being checked is one in every 5,000 journeys ? When will the Minister do something to reduce the damage and danger caused by heavy lorries , especially in rural areas such as my constituency and the areas of Caerleon and Marshfield ? Will he promise to resist all attempts to increase the maximum permitted weights of heavy lorries ?
is the minister aware that three annual checks by welsh trading standards officers [found out] that as many as one in five lorries on welsh roads are overloaded , yet the chance of being checked is one in every 5,000 journeys ? when will the minister do something to reduce the damage and danger caused by heavy lorries , especially in rural areas such as my constituency and the areas of caerleon and marshfield ? will he promise to resist all attempts to increase the maximum permitted weights of heavy lorries ?

Can the right hon. Gentleman confirm that during the deliberations of the Select Committee on Broadcasting , Etc. — with all of whose arrangements we have been happy so far — parts of the Palace of Westminster were discovered that no one knew existed , including the area above Central Lobby ? Is it not high time that a proper review was carried out of exacty what space exists throughout the Palace , so that we can use it well for the benefit of our constituents and for other purposes ?
can the right hon. gentleman confirm that during the deliberations of the select committee on broadcasting , etc. — with all of whose arrangements we have been happy so far — parts of the palace of westminster were [found out] that no one knew existed , including the area above central lobby ? is it not high time that a proper review was carried out of exacty what space exists throughout the palace , so that we can use it well for the benefit of our constituents and for other purposes ?

The Minister will have noted that other people have joined the anti-privatisation lobby in relation to electricity , as he will have discovered on Monday .
the minister will have noted that other people have joined the anti-privatisation lobby in relation to electricity , as he will have [found out] on monday .

The Prime Minister has suddenly discovered this problem and intends to put it right —
the prime minister has suddenly [found out] this problem and intends to put it right —

In which Victorian play was the hero discovered ‘ in the cloakroom of Victoria station … the Brighton line ’ ?
in which victorian play was the hero [found out] ‘ in the cloakroom of victoria station … the brighton line ’ ?

As she emerged from the main cabin and looked about her , Robbie discovered that these were very definitely not last night 's surroundings .
as she emerged from the main cabin and looked about her , robbie [found out] that these were very definitely not last night 's surroundings .

It was another glorious morning , Robbie discovered when Fen , true to his word , gave her an early call .
it was another glorious morning , robbie [found out] when fen , true to his word , gave her an early call .

‘ Mr Taylor has discovered a small colony of orchids in the woodlands beyond the rectory garden .
‘ mr taylor has [found out] a small colony of orchids in the woodlands beyond the rectory garden .

They had many tastes in common , Robbie discovered wistfully .
they had many tastes in common , robbie [found out] wistfully .

As we have witnessed in the preceding chapter , the ideological contest for control of the past is largely predicated on the basis of the Renaissance being a phenomenon , something that can be discovered and controlled by accurate descriptions of what it is .
as we have witnessed in the preceding chapter , the ideological contest for control of the past is largely predicated on the basis of the renaissance being a phenomenon , something that can be [found out] and controlled by accurate descriptions of what it is .

Although the buyer can not complain under section 15(2) ( c ) of defects which he could reasonably have discovered on an examination of the sample , he may nevertheless have an action under section 14(2) or ( 3 ) above .
although the buyer can not complain under section 15(2) ( c ) of defects which he could reasonably have [found out] on an examination of the sample , he may nevertheless have an action under section 14(2) or ( 3 ) above .

When they got it home to Suffolk , they discovered a small black-bound notebook containing the Diary of Henry Oakeley for the years 1869–1871 .
when they got it home to suffolk , they [found out] a small black-bound notebook containing the diary of henry oakeley for the years 1869–1871 .

He had discovered Oliver weeping in the conservatory and though he remembered his own childhood clearly enough to know this was the likely end to any birthday , it touched and disturbed him .
he had [found out] oliver weeping in the conservatory and though he remembered his own childhood clearly enough to know this was the likely end to any birthday , it touched and disturbed him .

But assumptions , as she 'd discovered that day , could be dangerous , and Isabelle had never actually stated where she was born .
but assumptions , as she 'd [found out] that day , could be dangerous , and isabelle had never actually stated where she was born .

The tray did n't fit very well , she noticed , and when she lifted it out she discovered why .
the tray did n't fit very well , she noticed , and when she lifted it out she [found out] why .

Issigeac , she discovered , was south of Bergerac , and on the edge of its wine-growing area .
issigeac , she [found out] , was south of bergerac , and on the edge of its wine-growing area .

Isabelle might have left her the case , but she 'd hidden these things away , making sure they would n't be discovered at least while her husband was alive .
isabelle might have left her the case , but she 'd hidden these things away , making sure they would n't be [found out] at least while her husband was alive .

She tried the light switch by the door , and discovered there was power too .
she tried the light switch by the door , and [found out] there was power too .

And the supermarket Jacques had mentioned was sited on the outskirts of town , she discovered .
and the supermarket jacques had mentioned was sited on the outskirts of town , she [found out] .

She 'd come to investigate the past , and discovered her own future instead .
she 'd come to investigate the past , and [found out] her own future instead .

It had thorns like daggers , Sabine discovered , wincing with the pain of her torn fingers .
it had thorns like daggers , sabine [found out] , wincing with the pain of her torn fingers .

There are some lengths of original bridge rail , ‘ Tiny ’ , a works locomotive found at Newton Abbott and now at the Dart Valley Railway , and the two locomotives discovered by Colin Garratt in the Azores .
there are some lengths of original bridge rail , ‘ tiny ’ , a works locomotive found at newton abbott and now at the dart valley railway , and the two locomotives [found out] by colin garratt in the azores .

They would move to buy at low prices from those sellers who have not discovered that some buyers are paying high prices .
they would move to buy at low prices from those sellers who have not [found out] that some buyers are paying high prices .

And they would then sell these goods at high prices to those buyers who have not discovered that some sellers have been selling for low prices .
and they would then sell these goods at high prices to those buyers who have not [found out] that some sellers have been selling for low prices .

The layout of the drains can usually be discovered by pouring water down various sinks , WCs , etc and seeing which inspection chamber it comes into .
the layout of the drains can usually be [found out] by pouring water down various sinks , wcs , etc and seeing which inspection chamber it comes into .

She had discovered that he possessed the eyesight of a cat .
she had [found out] that he possessed the eyesight of a cat .

She hoped such mundane matters would keep his mind occupied for a good while , because , if he ever discovered how helplessly she had responded to him , Isabel knew she would die of humiliation .
she hoped such mundane matters would keep his mind occupied for a good while , because , if he ever [found out] how helplessly she had responded to him , isabel knew she would die of humiliation .

She had been wrong , Isabel discovered .
she had been wrong , isabel [found out] .

The resulting sensations had the strangest effect on her thinking processes , she discovered .
the resulting sensations had the strangest effect on her thinking processes , she [found out] .

It took energy to sustain that degree of emotion , she discovered , and what little she had left was directed at physical recovery .
it took energy to sustain that degree of emotion , she [found out] , and what little she had left was directed at physical recovery .

She had worked for the Underground movement , involved in forging passports and papers for people trying to escape across the Channel ; had been discovered but saved from death by a German , who had raped her and kept her as his own prisoner .
she had worked for the underground movement , involved in forging passports and papers for people trying to escape across the channel ; had been [found out] but saved from death by a german , who had raped her and kept her as his own prisoner .

Then , as soon as this treatment had finished , Faye had become unknowingly pregnant , and had only discovered the fact through the onset of a painful and debilitating miscarriage .
then , as soon as this treatment had finished , faye had become unknowingly pregnant , and had only [found out] the fact through the onset of a painful and debilitating miscarriage .

She took a covert glance at his watch and discovered that , amazingly , it was nearly midnight .
she took a covert glance at his watch and [found out] that , amazingly , it was nearly midnight .

Although Tocqueville and Marx emphasized different features in the development of European and North American societies in the nineteenth century , they both recognized in some way the interplay of economic and political forces : Tocqueville by associating democracy with the values of an agricultural and commercial middle-class society , and by noting the possible implications of the incipient class divisions within manufacturing industry ; Marx by giving prominence to the political struggles of the working class as a movement to extend democracy , whether in his account ( in 1852 ) of the Chartist demand for universal suffrage as being , if realized , ‘ a far more socialist measure than anything which has been honoured with that name on the Continent ’ , or in his later analysis of the Paris Commune ( 1871 ) as a new form of democratic government , as ‘ the political form at last discovered under which to work out the emancipation of labour ’ .
although tocqueville and marx emphasized different features in the development of european and north american societies in the nineteenth century , they both recognized in some way the interplay of economic and political forces : tocqueville by associating democracy with the values of an agricultural and commercial middle-class society , and by noting the possible implications of the incipient class divisions within manufacturing industry ; marx by giving prominence to the political struggles of the working class as a movement to extend democracy , whether in his account ( in 1852 ) of the chartist demand for universal suffrage as being , if realized , ‘ a far more socialist measure than anything which has been honoured with that name on the continent ’ , or in his later analysis of the paris commune ( 1871 ) as a new form of democratic government , as ‘ the political form at last [found out] under which to work out the emancipation of labour ’ .

Paul Lexington had too much at stake in the production to take the risk of being discovered as a murderer .
paul lexington had too much at stake in the production to take the risk of being [found out] as a murderer .

The gun that had shot the star was Alex Household 's gun , on which , Charles had discovered at dinner that evening , the police had found no fingerprints but those of the owner .
the gun that had shot the star was alex household 's gun , on which , charles had [found out] at dinner that evening , the police had found no fingerprints but those of the owner .

Perhaps they had discovered and used their secret love-nest during the lazier days of the summer .
perhaps they had [found out] and used their secret love-nest during the lazier days of the summer .

Over the next couple of days she discovered that she had to be careful not to think about Luke Scott .
over the next couple of days she [found out] that she had to be careful not to think about luke scott .

‘ When you discovered that you had things in common . What , precisely ? ’
‘ when you [found out] that you had things in common . what , precisely ? ’

She knew she had nothing to feel guilty about despite her attraction to Luke , having resisted him , but his relationship with Cavell was none of her business really , and whether Luke finally confessed that he had intended to be unfaithful or Cavell discovered it for herself , she did n't want to have to feel responsible for any eventual break-up .
she knew she had nothing to feel guilty about despite her attraction to luke , having resisted him , but his relationship with cavell was none of her business really , and whether luke finally confessed that he had intended to be unfaithful or cavell [found out] it for herself , she did n't want to have to feel responsible for any eventual break-up .

She had told him the truth , she discovered , staring at the polished beauty of his shoulder .
she had told him the truth , she [found out] , staring at the polished beauty of his shoulder .

So their affair was begun , their part-time affair , as Maria took to calling it , at first only to herself , but then aloud in Luke 's presence when she discovered that it could bring a quick frown to his face .
so their affair was begun , their part-time affair , as maria took to calling it , at first only to herself , but then aloud in luke 's presence when she [found out] that it could bring a quick frown to his face .

She did n't care , she discovered .
she did n't care , she [found out] .

It was likely to be sooner still , she discovered .
it was likely to be sooner still , she [found out] .

Maria discovered that she was actually jealous of Florian .
maria [found out] that she was actually jealous of florian .

In assessing the impact of policy , one must remember that what seems fixed and unalterable can in the long-run be adjusted — as the designers of the window tax discovered .
in assessing the impact of policy , one must remember that what seems fixed and unalterable can in the long-run be adjusted — as the designers of the window tax [found out] .

‘ No , ’ she denied numbly , a hectic flush along her cheekbones , because she had just discovered that she also needed a man she could fight with , cross swords with .
‘ no , ’ she denied numbly , a hectic flush along her cheekbones , because she had just [found out] that she also needed a man she could fight with , cross swords with .

He was n't holding her tight ; her breasts barely touched against his chest , and only his powerful thighs touched hers , but that was quite enough , she discovered .
he was n't holding her tight ; her breasts barely touched against his chest , and only his powerful thighs touched hers , but that was quite enough , she [found out] .

Rose , he had discovered , knew quite a lot — because Hilda had told her .
rose , he had [found out] , knew quite a lot — because hilda had told her .

He discovered an ancient manuscript in Glastonbury 's library with a doggerel verse which no one understands .
he [found out] an ancient manuscript in glastonbury 's library with a doggerel verse which no one understands .

Suffice to say we spent two fruitless days at Glastonbury and left as we came with only two scraps of information : first , Hopkins had been a monk at the abbey , and secondly had discovered his famous riddle there .
suffice to say we spent two fruitless days at glastonbury and left as we came with only two scraps of information : first , hopkins had been a monk at the abbey , and secondly had [found out] his famous riddle there .

The bed would burn , its occupant die , but the fire would be discovered in time and the flames doused .
the bed would burn , its occupant die , but the fire would be [found out] in time and the flames doused .

‘ Shallot discovered that in the Book of Legends at Glastonbury Abbey .
‘ shallot [found out] that in the book of legends at glastonbury abbey .

They were content with that , provided no one else discovered them .
they were content with that , provided no one else [found out] them .

They were discovered in the woods completely stripped of all clothing and possessions .
they were [found out] in the woods completely stripped of all clothing and possessions .

‘ You discovered nothing else ? ’
‘ you [found out] nothing else ? ’

Corbett haltingly told her what he had discovered .
corbett haltingly told her what he had [found out] .

She went in behind the screen and discovered the old lady 's body half immersed in a tub of water .
she went in behind the screen and [found out] the old lady 's body half immersed in a tub of water .

Corbett had discovered no trace of any assassin active in England .
corbett had [found out] no trace of any assassin active in england .

‘ Nigel , all royal accounts come to you . Have you ever discovered another name ? ’
‘ nigel , all royal accounts come to you . have you ever [found out] another name ? ’

Corbett heard her out , torn between his desire to sleep and excitement at what he had discovered .
corbett heard her out , torn between his desire to sleep and excitement at what he had [found out] .

The next morning , after Sir Thomas had been discovered dead , Brampton 's corpse was found swinging from a beam up in the garret .
the next morning , after sir thomas had been [found out] dead , brampton 's corpse was found swinging from a beam up in the garret .

Presently they will be discovered by a third player .
presently they will be [found out] by a third player .

Innocent of intrigue , Meredith suddenly discovered it in the dark depths of Lucenzo Salviati 's eyes .
innocent of intrigue , meredith suddenly [found out] it in the dark depths of lucenzo salviati 's eyes .

Instead of solving a mystery , she 'd discovered another .
instead of solving a mystery , she 'd [found out] another .

Lifting it to her face , she discovered that it was lined in fine padded silk .
lifting it to her face , she [found out] that it was lined in fine padded silk .

The uncomfortable fact remains that though many have tried only modest success has been achieved and no overall method has yet been discovered .
the uncomfortable fact remains that though many have tried only modest success has been achieved and no overall method has yet been [found out] .

He discovered that diffusing the transmitted light resulted in a dramatic increase in the resolution of such cryptic features .
he [found out] that diffusing the transmitted light resulted in a dramatic increase in the resolution of such cryptic features .

Harry swiftly discovered that she was impervious to charm , but a sense of duty evidently compelled her to answer his questions .
harry swiftly [found out] that she was impervious to charm , but a sense of duty evidently compelled her to answer his questions .

Suppose one or more of those who visited Burford three weeks later had witnessed the murder or knew what Everett had discovered .
suppose one or more of those who visited burford three weeks later had witnessed the murder or knew what everett had [found out] .

That where you are now ? ’ ( So : Minter did not even know he had left Rhodes , far less all he had discovered since then — notably about Minter himself . )
that where you are now ? ’ ( so : minter did not even know he had left rhodes , far less all he had [found out] since then — notably about minter himself . )

It was enough to have discovered one true mutual friend whose testimony could be relied upon .
it was enough to have [found out] one true mutual friend whose testimony could be relied upon .

He had discovered how to make reasonable toast .
he had [found out] how to make reasonable toast .

He had charred a good many slices of bread and sent several up in flames before he discovered this simple device .
he had charred a good many slices of bread and sent several up in flames before he [found out] this simple device .

The middle sister discovered the body when she came home at about the sixth hour of night .
the middle sister [found out] the body when she came home at about the sixth hour of night .

He made himself remember the teaching , bringing coolness into his heart : all things have a natural cause which can be discovered .
he made himself remember the teaching , bringing coolness into his heart : all things have a natural cause which can be [found out] .

She was near the east bank of the River , five hundred paces south of the town , lying on a flat white rock where the crocodiles could not get her , though by the time she was discovered by a Medjay patrol at the sixth hour of day when the sun was at its highest , the vultures had eaten her eyes and part of her face , and the flies were so glutted that they could not leave the feast unless they were picked off .
she was near the east bank of the river , five hundred paces south of the town , lying on a flat white rock where the crocodiles could not get her , though by the time she was [found out] by a medjay patrol at the sixth hour of day when the sun was at its highest , the vultures had eaten her eyes and part of her face , and the flies were so glutted that they could not leave the feast unless they were picked off .

That Merymose had died because he had discovered something important enough to threaten the killer was clear , and Huy knew that his own reluctance to take the policeman into his confidence had been one indirect reason for his death .
that merymose had died because he had [found out] something important enough to threaten the killer was clear , and huy knew that his own reluctance to take the policeman into his confidence had been one indirect reason for his death .

This relationship was discovered by Gauss who recognized its importance by referring to it as the ‘ Excellent ’ Theorem .
this relationship was [found out] by gauss who recognized its importance by referring to it as the ‘ excellent ’ theorem .

Recently , several examples have been discovered where multiple images of a single quasar are seen .
recently , several examples have been [found out] where multiple images of a single quasar are seen .

Quasars are very luminous sources of small angular size which were first discovered with radio-telescopes .
quasars are very luminous sources of small angular size which were first [found out] with radio-telescopes .

If his betrayal had n't led to her breaking down in Lisa 's presence , she might never have discovered her assistant 's unexpected resources .
if his betrayal had n't led to her breaking down in lisa 's presence , she might never have [found out] her assistant 's unexpected resources .

And what if he never discovered for certain who had sent that letter ?
and what if he never [found out] for certain who had sent that letter ?

Jessamy discovered that she had begun to tremble .
jessamy [found out] that she had begun to tremble .

That he had begun to make them when he had first discovered that letter on Eleanor 's word-processor , and was following them with absolutely dogged determination .
that he had begun to make them when he had first [found out] that letter on eleanor 's word-processor , and was following them with absolutely dogged determination .

She discovered that Julius was sitting beside her .
she [found out] that julius was sitting beside her .

André , Alyssia discovered , proved to be alarmingly persistent in his promise to see her as much as possible while she remained in France .
andré , alyssia [found out] , proved to be alarmingly persistent in his promise to see her as much as possible while she remained in france .

Claudia had taken them from her when she 'd discovered her sister was making no effort to sleep naturally .
claudia had taken them from her when she 'd [found out] her sister was making no effort to sleep naturally .

However , she was prepared to go along with the advisory teacher 's point of view in the sessions and reassured herself concerning her own fears by using whole-class lessons to reinforce what she felt pupils should have discovered .
however , she was prepared to go along with the advisory teacher 's point of view in the sessions and reassured herself concerning her own fears by using whole-class lessons to reinforce what she felt pupils should have [found out] .

The manuscript had just been discovered in the uncatalogued recesses of the British Museum ; it was exciting work , said the doctor , but difficult : the manuscript was badly damaged and as he had not the money to go to London he was having to work from a smudged xerox copy .
the manuscript had just been [found out] in the uncatalogued recesses of the british museum ; it was exciting work , said the doctor , but difficult : the manuscript was badly damaged and as he had not the money to go to london he was having to work from a smudged xerox copy .

But on withdrawing the lid , he discovered the face of Prince Dara .
but on withdrawing the lid , he [found out] the face of prince dara .

He discovered from his eunuchs what Roshanara had been up to , and , despite her support for him over many years , he disgraced her .
he [found out] from his eunuchs what roshanara had been up to , and , despite her support for him over many years , he disgraced her .

Provincial Muslims , so he discovered to his horror , could sometimes behave almost as badly .
provincial muslims , so he [found out] to his horror , could sometimes behave almost as badly .

‘ You know , ’ said Gus , as proudly as if he had discovered it himself , ‘ what that is ? It 's the extreme corner of what must be one hell of a huge hypocaust . ’
‘ you know , ’ said gus , as proudly as if he had [found out] it himself , ‘ what that is ? it 's the extreme corner of what must be one hell of a huge hypocaust . ’

Much of it , Julia had discovered in her inaugural tour , was what Michael had taught her to call good .
much of it , julia had [found out] in her inaugural tour , was what michael had taught her to call good .

By his own account , after much expenditure of charcoal and years of failure , he discovered a powder through which he made a successful projection of sufficient gold to pay off his creditors .
by his own account , after much expenditure of charcoal and years of failure , he [found out] a powder through which he made a successful projection of sufficient gold to pay off his creditors .

This has not yet been discovered and we do not know what the machines are for — rather as nineteenth-century people did not know about plutonium and nuclear reactors — so we do not know what such developments will lead to in terms of aesthetic and economic considerations , and eventually the effects on the landscape and the settlements in it .
this has not yet been [found out] and we do not know what the machines are for — rather as nineteenth-century people did not know about plutonium and nuclear reactors — so we do not know what such developments will lead to in terms of aesthetic and economic considerations , and eventually the effects on the landscape and the settlements in it .

Although large areas of ridge and furrow and numerous previously unrecorded field monuments were discovered , little of definite pre-Norman date could be indicated .
although large areas of ridge and furrow and numerous previously unrecorded field monuments were [found out] , little of definite pre-norman date could be indicated .

He had clearly discovered the fact that the dining room too was locked against him .
he had clearly [found out] the fact that the dining room too was locked against him .

All the more dispirited as they entered Blue Horizons , they discovered that somehow Joe 's dabs , bought with enthusiasm this morning to prepare for luncheon , failed to seem so attractive .
all the more dispirited as they entered blue horizons , they [found out] that somehow joe 's dabs , bought with enthusiasm this morning to prepare for luncheon , failed to seem so attractive .

They all took it for white wine and discovered their mistake .
they all took it for white wine and [found out] their mistake .

‘ As soon as we got him to a doctor — which took some time — it was discovered that Major Maxim must have held the ammonia under our man 's nose while pouring some odourless spirit — quite possibly strong vodka — onto the blindfold in order to produce the stinging sensation . ’
‘ as soon as we got him to a doctor — which took some time — it was [found out] that major maxim must have held the ammonia under our man 's nose while pouring some odourless spirit — quite possibly strong vodka — onto the blindfold in order to produce the stinging sensation . ’

‘ But the identity of our agent was not discovered and the police seem to think it was a crime of passion without any third person involved .
‘ but the identity of our agent was not [found out] and the police seem to think it was a crime of passion without any third person involved .

This turned to despair when they discovered many male and female camp followers had not left with the army , but had decided to stay there .
this turned to despair when they [found out] many male and female camp followers had not left with the army , but had decided to stay there .

We discovered a little-known mountain area near Ohau , and did a walk up the Temple valley which turned out quite exciting .
we [found out] a little-known mountain area near ohau , and did a walk up the temple valley which turned out quite exciting .

More seriously , it may be anachronistic to highlight one man as the unit for study — for it could be argued that `` the individual `` had not yet been discovered .
more seriously , it may be anachronistic to highlight one man as the unit for study — for it could be argued that `` the individual `` had not yet been [found out] .

Alison Rubenstein discovered at an early age that if you want to get on in the world and have a good career , hard work is not enough — qualifications can also be a great help .
alison rubenstein [found out] at an early age that if you want to get on in the world and have a good career , hard work is not enough — qualifications can also be a great help .

It was not quite an oration because two days earlier speech had been phased out because it was discovered to be the ‘ root of all evil ’ , by somebody who never talked and was consequently the most unevil person in the world .
it was not quite an oration because two days earlier speech had been phased out because it was [found out] to be the ‘ root of all evil ’ , by somebody who never talked and was consequently the most unevil person in the world .

51 is discovered to have kind feelings which like Wemmick he conceals from his office life .
51 is [found out] to have kind feelings which like wemmick he conceals from his office life .

Unfortunately , as viewers discovered , John and Pam were pipped into second place , but they would n't have missed the experience for anything .
unfortunately , as viewers [found out] , john and pam were pipped into second place , but they would n't have missed the experience for anything .

Attlee finally discovered that he was a figure of importance in British politics when he went to Potsdam with Churchill in July , and found that he was greeted with more warmth by the British forces in Berlin than Churchill himself .
attlee finally [found out] that he was a figure of importance in british politics when he went to potsdam with churchill in july , and found that he was greeted with more warmth by the british forces in berlin than churchill himself .

They oil was discovered in Kuwait .
they oil was [found out] in kuwait .

‘ We 'd been friends for 30 years but ‘ discovered ’ each other when Misia became a widow .
‘ we 'd been friends for 30 years but ‘ [found out] ’ each other when misia became a widow .

Not only are these characteristics in stark contrast with the possibilities for ordinary adjectives , they can not hold for these inherently restrictive adjectives unchaperoned by an article : ( 28 ) second had roses on it Max owns best that has been discovered so far
not only are these characteristics in stark contrast with the possibilities for ordinary adjectives , they can not hold for these inherently restrictive adjectives unchaperoned by an article : ( 28 ) second had roses on it max owns best that has been [found out] so far

New texts were discovered , in particular of the classic Roman law , the Digest .
new texts were [found out] , in particular of the classic roman law , the digest .

Once discovered , the law led to ceaseless activity and the interchanges between both systems , the cross-fertilization , that brought a renewed vigour to both laws .
once [found out] , the law led to ceaseless activity and the interchanges between both systems , the cross-fertilization , that brought a renewed vigour to both laws .

Abelson regards a reasonable rate of publication for an established investigator as an annual rate of two to three papers , rising to four or five when ‘ a hot field is discovered ’ .
abelson regards a reasonable rate of publication for an established investigator as an annual rate of two to three papers , rising to four or five when ‘ a hot field is [found out] ’ .

Menard suggests that the terminology of subfield terms is very fluid in evolving areas , thus a term such as ‘ sea-floor spreading ’ was used in indexes , etc. when first discovered , but the concept was rapidly subsumed under the term ‘ plate tectonics ’ , when the underlying mechanism which caused the spreading of oceanic crust at mid-ocean ridges was discovered .
menard suggests that the terminology of subfield terms is very fluid in evolving areas , thus a term such as ‘ sea-floor spreading ’ was used in indexes , etc. when first [found out] , but the concept was rapidly subsumed under the term ‘ plate tectonics ’ , when the underlying mechanism which caused the spreading of oceanic crust at mid-ocean ridges was [found out] .

Defining half-life as the time during which one-half of all the currently active literature in a subject field was published , Burton and Kebler discovered a bimodal distribution of half-lives , or two patterns of literatures of different half-lives , leading to their classification of literatures as either classical or ephemeral , depending on the half-life patterns observed .
defining half-life as the time during which one-half of all the currently active literature in a subject field was published , burton and kebler [found out] a bimodal distribution of half-lives , or two patterns of literatures of different half-lives , leading to their classification of literatures as either classical or ephemeral , depending on the half-life patterns observed .

Hess conducted oceanic seismic surveys ( within the brand-new science of marine geophysics ) and postulated that the mid-oceanic ridges which he had discovered were the sites for rising convection currents in the Earth 's mantle .
hess conducted oceanic seismic surveys ( within the brand-new science of marine geophysics ) and postulated that the mid-oceanic ridges which he had [found out] were the sites for rising convection currents in the earth 's mantle .

Even so-called `` fact-finding `` research is rarely , if ever , just that but is normally part of a wider enterprise into which the `` facts `` discovered in the research are fitted .
even so-called `` fact-finding `` research is rarely , if ever , just that but is normally part of a wider enterprise into which the `` facts `` [found out] in the research are fitted .

It is the attributes or properties of some phenomenon that are exhibited , revealed , discovered and which are measured ; never the `` thing-in-itself `` .
it is the attributes or properties of some phenomenon that are exhibited , revealed , [found out] and which are measured ; never the `` thing-in-itself `` .

Effective theory building is from discovered empirical patterns or relationships .
effective theory building is from [found out] empirical patterns or relationships .

At six next morning they heard the treasure being discovered .
at six next morning they heard the treasure being [found out] .

‘ He knows how you have discovered his manufacturing costs .
‘ he knows how you have [found out] his manufacturing costs .

The mystery deepened when , instead of going seaward at the foot of the hill , they turned up the right bank of the Touques as if making for Deauville . Had Sam discovered something there ? Did he know of her schemes ?
the mystery deepened when , instead of going seaward at the foot of the hill , they turned up the right bank of the touques as if making for deauville . had sam [found out] something there ? did he know of her schemes ?

Goldstone noted that while there was evidence of the involvement of lower-ranking security force members in township violence , the Commission had discovered no such evidence to justify the allegations against the State President , Cabinet members or high-ranking security force officers .
goldstone noted that while there was evidence of the involvement of lower-ranking security force members in township violence , the commission had [found out] no such evidence to justify the allegations against the state president , cabinet members or high-ranking security force officers .

The report claimed that investigators had discovered evidence of money withdrawals that were both `` illegal `` and `` without justification `` , false invoicing and non-existent `` front `` companies .
the report claimed that investigators had [found out] evidence of money withdrawals that were both `` illegal `` and `` without justification `` , false invoicing and non-existent `` front `` companies .

The Chamber of Deputies introduced an amendment which meant that politicians discovered making payments in order to secure votes could be sentenced to up to six years in prison .
the chamber of deputies introduced an amendment which meant that politicians [found out] making payments in order to secure votes could be sentenced to up to six years in prison .

The government admitted only four killed and 18 arrested and claimed to have discovered arms caches at the victims ' homes .
the government admitted only four killed and 18 arrested and claimed to have [found out] arms caches at the victims ' homes .

His body was discovered on the city 's outskirts three days later .
his body was [found out] on the city 's outskirts three days later .

The bodies of three suspected " collaborators " had been discovered in the West Bank and Gaza Strip on Jan. 3 .
the bodies of three suspected " collaborators " had been [found out] in the west bank and gaza strip on jan. 3 .

Shapour Bakhtiar , 76 , who had briefly been Prime Minister in 1979 ( Jan. 3-Feb. 5 — see pp. 29740-44 ) in the last days of the Shah 's regime , was murdered at his home in a Paris suburb on Aug. 6 ; French police only discovered his body on Aug. 8 , together with the body of an aide apparently also killed in the attack .
shapour bakhtiar , 76 , who had briefly been prime minister in 1979 ( jan. 3-feb. 5 — see pp. 29740-44 ) in the last days of the shah 's regime , was murdered at his home in a paris suburb on aug. 6 ; french police only [found out] his body on aug. 8 , together with the body of an aide apparently also killed in the attack .

It was discovered that hotel records appeared to confirm the claim by Iranian arms dealer Jamshid Hashemi that he was indeed in Madrid in late July 1988 , one of the occasions upon which he claimed to have met representatives from the Reagan campaign .
it was [found out] that hotel records appeared to confirm the claim by iranian arms dealer jamshid hashemi that he was indeed in madrid in late july 1988 , one of the occasions upon which he claimed to have met representatives from the reagan campaign .

It was also discovered that Nomura and Nikko had lent money to a major gangster syndicate and had attempted to boost the value of shares held by the syndicate 's head .
it was also [found out] that nomura and nikko had lent money to a major gangster syndicate and had attempted to boost the value of shares held by the syndicate 's head .

Exxon also agreed to make a further payment of up to $100,000,000 if further damage from the oil slick was discovered in the five years after this period ( 2002-2006 ) .
exxon also agreed to make a further payment of up to $100,000,000 if further damage from the oil slick was [found out] in the five years after this period ( 2002-2006 ) .

The Egyptian police claimed that false identity papers had been discovered and that Misrati had jumped from a balcony in a bid to escape , breaking a leg in the process .
the egyptian police claimed that false identity papers had been [found out] and that misrati had jumped from a balcony in a bid to escape , breaking a leg in the process .

Documents discovered in a raid on offices of the Salsabeel computer company in Heliopolis showed , he said , that the group was financed from abroad and that it had links with Islamic investment companies in Egypt and the Moslem Brotherhood .
documents [found out] in a raid on offices of the salsabeel computer company in heliopolis showed , he said , that the group was financed from abroad and that it had links with islamic investment companies in egypt and the moslem brotherhood .

Despite the new evidence , the Virginia judiciary had refused to order a retrial of the case , partly because Coleman 's lawyer filed an appeal document one day too late , and partly because of a state law which forbade the consideration of new evidence discovered more than 21 days after the date of the original conviction .
despite the new evidence , the virginia judiciary had refused to order a retrial of the case , partly because coleman 's lawyer filed an appeal document one day too late , and partly because of a state law which forbade the consideration of new evidence [found out] more than 21 days after the date of the original conviction .

An official report by the National Human Rights Commission accused Morán of ignoring repeated requests from the local federal police to stop his soldiers firing at the agents who were trying to intercept an aircraft later discovered to be carrying some 360 kg of cocaine from Colombia to Mexico .
an official report by the national human rights commission accused morán of ignoring repeated requests from the local federal police to stop his soldiers firing at the agents who were trying to intercept an aircraft later [found out] to be carrying some 360 kg of cocaine from colombia to mexico .

The semi-embalmed remains of Col. William Higgins were discovered in Beirut 's southern suburbs on Dec. 21 following an anonymous telephone call .
the semi-embalmed remains of col. william higgins were [found out] in beirut 's southern suburbs on dec. 21 following an anonymous telephone call .

These suspicions were fuelled when it was discovered that one of those killed was not employed at the mine .
these suspicions were fuelled when it was [found out] that one of those killed was not employed at the mine .

An anti-Nazi lawyer , Serge Klarsfeld , discovered in mid-November that a Second World War filedrawn up by French police in October 1940 on the instructions of the Gestapo and containing information on all Jewish people in Paris was still in existence at the Ministry of War Veterans , where it was apparently used to check pension claims .
an anti-nazi lawyer , serge klarsfeld , [found out] in mid-november that a second world war filedrawn up by french police in october 1940 on the instructions of the gestapo and containing information on all jewish people in paris was still in existence at the ministry of war veterans , where it was apparently used to check pension claims .

In addition to other recent mineral discoveries , the first significant oil deposits ( other than in the Kutubu oilfield area ) to have been located in the area since the 1950s were discovered on the southern slopes of the Highlands .
in addition to other recent mineral discoveries , the first significant oil deposits ( other than in the kutubu oilfield area ) to have been located in the area since the 1950s were [found out] on the southern slopes of the highlands .

Such criticisms forced President Jaime Paz Zamora to cancel the sale of two state-owned hotels in La Paz , the capital , when irregularities were discovered on the opening of sealed tenders .
such criticisms forced president jaime paz zamora to cancel the sale of two state-owned hotels in la paz , the capital , when irregularities were [found out] on the opening of sealed tenders .

The mass graves of about 12,500 people who died from 1945 to 1950 in a Soviet prison camp located at the former Sachsenhausen concentration camp were discovered near the site in September .
the mass graves of about 12,500 people who died from 1945 to 1950 in a soviet prison camp located at the former sachsenhausen concentration camp were [found out] near the site in september .

The New York Times of Nov. 19 reported that the Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps had recently issued a new ruling requiring all its graduates to sign an affidavit saying that they were liable to be discharged and forced to pay back their scholarship if they were discovered to be homosexual .
the new york times of nov. 19 reported that the naval reserve officers training corps had recently issued a new ruling requiring all its graduates to sign an affidavit saying that they were liable to be discharged and forced to pay back their scholarship if they were [found out] to be homosexual .

The newspaper claimed that China 's paramount leader Deng Xiaoping had personally ordered the changes after he discovered that Yang Baibing had convened a secret and unauthorized meeting of high-ranking military personnel prior to the congress .
the newspaper claimed that china 's paramount leader deng xiaoping had personally ordered the changes after he [found out] that yang baibing had convened a secret and unauthorized meeting of high-ranking military personnel prior to the congress .

Toledano 's body was discovered bound , strangled and stabbed in the West Bank on Dec. 15 .
toledano 's body was [found out] bound , strangled and stabbed in the west bank on dec. 15 .

Their bodies were only discovered after about a fortnight ; it was not clear whether Kelly 's death was part of a suicide pact .
their bodies were only [found out] after about a fortnight ; it was not clear whether kelly 's death was part of a suicide pact .

The mutilated bodies of three of these eight , including a teachers ' union leader and two fellow Communist Party members , had been discovered in March 1985 , prompting a judicial inquiry , the arrest of several carabineros ( paramilitary police ) , and the resignation of Mendoza in August 1985 [ see p. 33842 ] .
the mutilated bodies of three of these eight , including a teachers ' union leader and two fellow communist party members , had been [found out] in march 1985 , prompting a judicial inquiry , the arrest of several carabineros ( paramilitary police ) , and the resignation of mendoza in august 1985 [ see p. 33842 ] .

The German state prosecutor 's office announced on April 8 that tests conducted on the bones of a man who died in Brazil in 1979 confirmed that the body ( discovered in 1985 — see p. 33759 ) was that of Josef Mengele , the so-called " Angel of Death " held responsible for the deaths of 400,000 prisoners at the Auschwitz concentration camp during the Second World War .
the german state prosecutor 's office announced on april 8 that tests conducted on the bones of a man who died in brazil in 1979 confirmed that the body ( [found out] in 1985 — see p. 33759 ) was that of josef mengele , the so-called " angel of death " held responsible for the deaths of 400,000 prisoners at the auschwitz concentration camp during the second world war .

The Interior Minister , Ibrahim Halidi , was dismissed on Sept. 23 , 1990 , although he denied that he had any knowledge of an alleged coup attempt discovered in late August .
the interior minister , ibrahim halidi , was dismissed on sept. 23 , 1990 , although he denied that he had any knowledge of an alleged coup attempt [found out] in late august .

However , his main opponent , Mohamed Taki , who won the first round of the presidential election , continued to accuse Djohar of vote-rigging and was linked to an alleged attempt to overthrow the government discovered in August [ see below ] .
however , his main opponent , mohamed taki , who won the first round of the presidential election , continued to accuse djohar of vote-rigging and was linked to an alleged attempt to overthrow the government [found out] in august [ see below ] .

The Foreign Ministry on Aug. 21 announced that there had been discovered an attempt by supporters of defeated presidential candidate Mohamed Taki to destabilize the government , and that one French mercenary and two Comorans had been arrested .
the foreign ministry on aug. 21 announced that there had been [found out] an attempt by supporters of defeated presidential candidate mohamed taki to destabilize the government , and that one french mercenary and two comorans had been arrested .

However , it was subsequently discovered that the real target had been the Interior Minister Moussa , the attack being carried out by the Islamic fundamentalist group Al Jihad , allegedly in retaliation for the killing of two Islamic leaders by the security forces in August and September .
however , it was subsequently [found out] that the real target had been the interior minister moussa , the attack being carried out by the islamic fundamentalist group al jihad , allegedly in retaliation for the killing of two islamic leaders by the security forces in august and september .

As new treatments and technologies proliferate and new needs are identified these demands escalate , but even as early as 1954 , the then Minister for Health , Enoch Powell , discovered that it became a `` positive ethical duty for ( providers ) to beseige and bombard the government and force or shame them into providing more money … and then more again `` ( Powell 1966 ) .
as new treatments and technologies proliferate and new needs are identified these demands escalate , but even as early as 1954 , the then minister for health , enoch powell , [found out] that it became a `` positive ethical duty for ( providers ) to beseige and bombard the government and force or shame them into providing more money … and then more again `` ( powell 1966 ) .

32 ( 1 ) Subject to subsection ( 3 ) below , where in the case of any action for which a period of limitation is prescribed by this Act , either — ( a ) the action is based upon the fraud of the defendant ; or ( b ) any fact relevant to the plaintiff 's right of action has been deliberately concealed from him by the defendant ; or ( c ) the action is for relief from the consequences of a mistake ; the period of limitation shall not begin to run until the plaintiff has discovered the fraud , concealment or mistake ( as the case may be ) or could with reasonable diligence have discovered it …
32 ( 1 ) subject to subsection ( 3 ) below , where in the case of any action for which a period of limitation is prescribed by this act , either — ( a ) the action is based upon the fraud of the defendant ; or ( b ) any fact relevant to the plaintiff 's right of action has been deliberately concealed from him by the defendant ; or ( c ) the action is for relief from the consequences of a mistake ; the period of limitation shall not begin to run until the plaintiff has [found out] the fraud , concealment or mistake ( as the case may be ) or could with reasonable diligence have [found out] it …

He later discovered the overpayment and spent the money .
he later [found out] the overpayment and spent the money .

The woman , who had earlier thought that the male was her boyfriend , discovered that it was not .
the woman , who had earlier thought that the male was her boyfriend , [found out] that it was not .

Such hidden assertions can easily be discovered , but it is less easy to notice two further presuppositions in the sentence : `` It is possible to evaluate texts ( i.e .
such hidden assertions can easily be [found out] , but it is less easy to notice two further presuppositions in the sentence : `` it is possible to evaluate texts ( i.e .

( a ) Have you discovered any methods which can now be used to investigate another text or author ?
( a ) have you [found out] any methods which can now be used to investigate another text or author ?

Nobody discovered , pre-opening , that the hair-dryers provided in one luxury provincial hotel could only be used if the guests bent double or sat on the bedroom floor .
nobody [found out] , pre-opening , that the hair-dryers provided in one luxury provincial hotel could only be used if the guests bent double or sat on the bedroom floor .

Should an order for meals need to be altered , or an error be discovered , while unloading is taking place at the plane , the driver of the vehicle supplying the meals can simply radio back to base and within minutes the problem is resolved .
should an order for meals need to be altered , or an error be [found out] , while unloading is taking place at the plane , the driver of the vehicle supplying the meals can simply radio back to base and within minutes the problem is resolved .

London Jamaican " discovered "
london jamaican " [found out] "

Before the trial of the action in 1979 the plaintiff was discovered to be suffering from a back disease , unrelated to the injury , which rendered him totally unfit for work by 1976 .
before the trial of the action in 1979 the plaintiff was [found out] to be suffering from a back disease , unrelated to the injury , which rendered him totally unfit for work by 1976 .

The House of Lords held that in the absence of a contractual relationship between the parties , the cost of repairing a defect in the structure , which was discovered before the defect had caused personal injury or physical damage to other property , was not recoverable in a negligence action .
the house of lords held that in the absence of a contractual relationship between the parties , the cost of repairing a defect in the structure , which was [found out] before the defect had caused personal injury or physical damage to other property , was not recoverable in a negligence action .

( c ) Where the defendant can show that : " the state of scientific and technical knowledge at the relevant time was not such that a producer of products of the same description as the product in question might be expected to have discovered the defect if it had existed in his products while they were under his control " ( s. 4(1) ( e ) ) .
( c ) where the defendant can show that : " the state of scientific and technical knowledge at the relevant time was not such that a producer of products of the same description as the product in question might be expected to have [found out] the defect if it had existed in his products while they were under his control " ( s. 4(1) ( e ) ) .

The intention is to be discovered by interpretation of the statute .
the intention is to be [found out] by interpretation of the statute .

At common law the employer did not guarantee the safety of the equipment and could not be held liable for latent defects in the equipment which could not be discovered with reasonable care .
at common law the employer did not guarantee the safety of the equipment and could not be held liable for latent defects in the equipment which could not be [found out] with reasonable care .

Dr Linebaugh has discovered that around 40 per cent of those hanged at Tyburn in the middle years of the eighteenth century had completed apprenticeships and a further 20 per cent had at least begun one ( see pp .
dr linebaugh has [found out] that around 40 per cent of those hanged at tyburn in the middle years of the eighteenth century had completed apprenticeships and a further 20 per cent had at least begun one ( see pp .

Confidence gained and abilities thus discovered , for example in organising or in public speaking , could be harnessed for wider purposes .
confidence gained and abilities thus [found out] , for example in organising or in public speaking , could be harnessed for wider purposes .

That so many disputes were reported in the range of newspapers consulted by Dobson is indicative of a much larger population , either not yet discovered by historians or not reported in their own time .
that so many disputes were reported in the range of newspapers consulted by dobson is indicative of a much larger population , either not yet [found out] by historians or not reported in their own time .

Indeed , it is not an easy task to find out if the invention has been anticipated and is already part of the state of the art , given the massive world-wide volume of published work , and it is possible that a publication which anticipates the invention will not be discovered .
indeed , it is not an easy task to find out if the invention has been anticipated and is already part of the state of the art , given the massive world-wide volume of published work , and it is possible that a publication which anticipates the invention will not be [found out] .

For example , in 1992 it was discovered that around 1,000 patients at a North Staffordshire hospital had received incorrect dosages of radiation therapy because of an alleged fault in a computer program .
for example , in 1992 it was [found out] that around 1,000 patients at a north staffordshire hospital had received incorrect dosages of radiation therapy because of an alleged fault in a computer program .

When delivered , it was discovered to be poisonous because it had been contaminated with castor oil .
when delivered , it was [found out] to be poisonous because it had been contaminated with castor oil .

On the other hand , thirteenth-century French `` dramatic monologues `` which provide parallels to the mixture of metres — octosyllabic couplets and tail-rhyme stanzas — of Dame Sirith have been discovered , and it is difficult to resist the case that these had some contributory influence on the form of Dame Sirith .
on the other hand , thirteenth-century french `` dramatic monologues `` which provide parallels to the mixture of metres — octosyllabic couplets and tail-rhyme stanzas — of dame sirith have been [found out] , and it is difficult to resist the case that these had some contributory influence on the form of dame sirith .

Is n't it time you discovered more ?
is n't it time you [found out] more ?

The support of the lexeme of apple can therefore be discovered simply by confronting our experience with the notion itself .
the support of the lexeme of apple can therefore be [found out] simply by confronting our experience with the notion itself .

No statistically significant difference in performance was discovered between those with and those without recent study experience .
no statistically significant difference in performance was [found out] between those with and those without recent study experience .

Indeed for all practical purposes the Greeks discovered Romans , Celts and Jews only after Alexander the Great .
indeed for all practical purposes the greeks [found out] romans , celts and jews only after alexander the great .

If he had had to correlate the conduct of the second Punic War with the decentralization of the Roman state — with its municipia and coloniae — and with the ever-changing pattern of the Italian alliances , he would soon have discovered that his idea of a mixed constitution in Rome was almost a fiction .
if he had had to correlate the conduct of the second punic war with the decentralization of the roman state — with its municipia and coloniae — and with the ever-changing pattern of the italian alliances , he would soon have [found out] that his idea of a mixed constitution in rome was almost a fiction .

In the first thirty or forty years after the destruction of the Persian Empire , Greek philosophers and historians discovered the Jews .
in the first thirty or forty years after the destruction of the persian empire , greek philosophers and historians [found out] the jews .

While researching the island 's past , Gilli discovered culinary traditions which date back to the Ancient Greeks .
while researching the island 's past , gilli [found out] culinary traditions which date back to the ancient greeks .

This is Arthur Schopenhauer , the greatest philosopher since Kant … The German academics very prudently ignored him for forty years ; but lately , to the disgrace of Germany , he has been discovered by an English critic .
this is arthur schopenhauer , the greatest philosopher since kant … the german academics very prudently ignored him for forty years ; but lately , to the disgrace of germany , he has been [found out] by an english critic .

By 1618–19 output had improved sufficiently , it seems , to warrant the building of a water-powered stamp-mill at a site believed to be at the foot of Red Dell or Thriddle and which , despite its altitude , was well placed to serve the mines about there which would now include the newly discovered God 's Blessing at the head of the dell and which like its namesake ( almost ) in Newlands Valley near Keswick , was highly esteemed but mistakenly so .
by 1618–19 output had improved sufficiently , it seems , to warrant the building of a water-powered stamp-mill at a site believed to be at the foot of red dell or thriddle and which , despite its altitude , was well placed to serve the mines about there which would now include the newly [found out] god 's blessing at the head of the dell and which like its namesake ( almost ) in newlands valley near keswick , was highly esteemed but mistakenly so .

The Macclesfield firm had also , since 1763 , been working on Parys Mountain , Anglesey , and during 1768 his men discovered a most remarkable copper deposit .
the macclesfield firm had also , since 1763 , been working on parys mountain , anglesey , and during 1768 his men [found out] a most remarkable copper deposit .

The area premised was Little Langdale and Tilberthwaite , and this would include the Greenburn valley . The lessees were entitled to search for copper , lead , iron ore and iron stone , or mine such as had already been discovered , with liberty for " … ingress egress & regress … "
the area premised was little langdale and tilberthwaite , and this would include the greenburn valley . the lessees were entitled to search for copper , lead , iron ore and iron stone , or mine such as had already been [found out] , with liberty for " … ingress egress & regress … "

Knott claimed to have taken the mineral rights of `` all the Isle of Man `` , and claimed to have discovered some promising lodes there .
knott claimed to have taken the mineral rights of `` all the isle of man `` , and claimed to have [found out] some promising lodes there .

Barratt and Taylor must have raised their eyebrows in apprehension when they discovered that the copper mines were in the `` clay slate formation `` … according to Leathart .
barratt and taylor must have raised their eyebrows in apprehension when they [found out] that the copper mines were in the `` clay slate formation `` … according to leathart .

Any new vein discovered , but left unwrought for the space of six months after notice was given by the estate to the captain or purser of the mine , could be licenced to any other person to work .
any new vein [found out] , but left unwrought for the space of six months after notice was given by the estate to the captain or purser of the mine , could be licenced to any other person to work .

In contrast to neighbouring Cuxton , where a most important Palaeolithic site was discovered in 1962 , the prehistory of Hailing as known at present can only be shown to date from Neolithic , or New Stone Age , times .
in contrast to neighbouring cuxton , where a most important palaeolithic site was [found out] in 1962 , the prehistory of hailing as known at present can only be shown to date from neolithic , or new stone age , times .

During work on the building of the electricity pylons on Halling Marshes workmen digging out the footings for one of these discovered at a depth of 10 ft in the mud a dug-out canoe .
during work on the building of the electricity pylons on halling marshes workmen digging out the footings for one of these [found out] at a depth of 10 ft in the mud a dug-out canoe .

The next periods after the Neolithic were the Bronze Age and Iron Age , although nothing of these times have been discovered at Halling it is almost certain the area of the village was occupied .
the next periods after the neolithic were the bronze age and iron age , although nothing of these times have been [found out] at halling it is almost certain the area of the village was occupied .

During the excavations at nearby Holborough both Bronze and Iron Age artifacts were discovered and at Luddesdown an Iron Age site was found .
during the excavations at nearby holborough both bronze and iron age artifacts were [found out] and at luddesdown an iron age site was found .

Many remains of Roman burials have been discovered within the bounds of Halling .
many remains of roman burials have been [found out] within the bounds of halling .

The first recorded were discovered when the chalk pit of Formby 's was being excavated , there were Roman urn burials alongside the Pilgrims ' Road .
the first recorded were [found out] when the chalk pit of formby 's was being excavated , there were roman urn burials alongside the pilgrims ' road .

Among other relics was discovered a folding chair , this being in a badly burned condition having been placed on the funeral pyre .
among other relics was [found out] a folding chair , this being in a badly burned condition having been placed on the funeral pyre .

Many of these wells still exist around the village , and with old houses being demolished and the areas being cleared , ancient wells are being discovered .
many of these wells still exist around the village , and with old houses being demolished and the areas being cleared , ancient wells are being [found out] .

We expected to get a variety of other interesting specimens in the highlands of Arussi , where Ivor Buxton had discovered the mountain nyala in 1910 ; this large buck , resembling a greater kudu , was known only from the highlands of Arussi and Bale .
we expected to get a variety of other interesting specimens in the highlands of arussi , where ivor buxton had [found out] the mountain nyala in 1910 ; this large buck , resembling a greater kudu , was known only from the highlands of arussi and bale .

He observed babies using ultrasound and discovered that each showed a preference for one or the other thumb .
he observed babies using ultrasound and [found out] that each showed a preference for one or the other thumb .

Then at frequent intervals , daily if possible , meet to discuss what each of you has discovered and to review whether you are satisfied with the way you are doing things .
then at frequent intervals , daily if possible , meet to discuss what each of you has [found out] and to review whether you are satisfied with the way you are doing things .

Problems of collocation and connotation are usually only discovered by unwittingly using the words in inappropriate contexts .
problems of collocation and connotation are usually only [found out] by unwittingly using the words in inappropriate contexts .

This goal is about to be reached when it is discovered that a great deal more investment is required .
this goal is about to be reached when it is [found out] that a great deal more investment is required .

Contraband was discovered in interesting concealments such as a spare piston assembly in the engineroom of a Dutch ship ( found by Bob , our chief engineer , of course ) , and a spare drilling core at the bottom of the hold of a Spanish ship contained products more akin to a Spanish distillery than the bed of the North Sea .
contraband was [found out] in interesting concealments such as a spare piston assembly in the engineroom of a dutch ship ( found by bob , our chief engineer , of course ) , and a spare drilling core at the bottom of the hold of a spanish ship contained products more akin to a spanish distillery than the bed of the north sea .

The form of this function may be discovered in some , but not all , cases by experiment .
the form of this function may be [found out] in some , but not all , cases by experiment .

Platelet activating factor is one of the most potent lipid mediators discovered , which exerts a wide span of cellular and tissular effects ranging from degranulation of inflammatory cells to mucosal ulceration and necrosis .
platelet activating factor is one of the most potent lipid mediators [found out] , which exerts a wide span of cellular and tissular effects ranging from degranulation of inflammatory cells to mucosal ulceration and necrosis .

It was first discovered by Gallard in 1884 , but credit has been given to Dieulafoy who described it in 1889 .
it was first [found out] by gallard in 1884 , but credit has been given to dieulafoy who described it in 1889 .

In addition , two new cases of carcinoid tumours were discovered : one was a polypoid lesion of only 2 mm in diameter , the other was a histological finding as a macroscopic tumour was not evident .
in addition , two new cases of carcinoid tumours were [found out] : one was a polypoid lesion of only 2 mm in diameter , the other was a histological finding as a macroscopic tumour was not evident .

In older series , only large clinically overt gastric carcinoids were discovered , extensive gastric resections was practised , and the five year survival was only about 50 % .
in older series , only large clinically overt gastric carcinoids were [found out] , extensive gastric resections was practised , and the five year survival was only about 50 % .

‘ So Ruthven locks himself in his chamber , he visits no one and no one visits him , but the next morning he is found poisoned and a white rose discovered lying on the bed .
‘ so ruthven locks himself in his chamber , he visits no one and no one visits him , but the next morning he is found poisoned and a white rose [found out] lying on the bed .

We discovered that the man in the coffin at Sheen probably never wore a chain round his waist .
we [found out] that the man in the coffin at sheen probably never wore a chain round his waist .

Only as we entered the Tower did Benjamin lean over and whisper , ‘ Roger , pretend we discovered nothing .
only as we entered the tower did benjamin lean over and whisper , ‘ roger , pretend we [found out] nothing .

‘ Because , ’ Doctor Agrippa intervened , ‘ he probably thought that you or Shallot would have discovered something during your travels in Scotland and France to trap him . ’
‘ because , ’ doctor agrippa intervened , ‘ he probably thought that you or shallot would have [found out] something during your travels in scotland and france to trap him . ’

waiting to be discovered and expelled
waiting to be [found out] and expelled

Unsatisfied , he helped himself to an old issue of Penthouse ( his brother , a window cleaner , had kept every issue of the magazine ) and , turning the pages at random , discovered Amaranth Wilikins spread languorously over three of them .
unsatisfied , he helped himself to an old issue of penthouse ( his brother , a window cleaner , had kept every issue of the magazine ) and , turning the pages at random , [found out] amaranth wilikins spread languorously over three of them .

He had spoken with Norman Tebbit who , when asked his movements that evening , said he had discovered in Hove a pub called the ‘ Earl of Essex ’ where he was going for a noggin .
he had spoken with norman tebbit who , when asked his movements that evening , said he had [found out] in hove a pub called the ‘ earl of essex ’ where he was going for a noggin .

Sybil made a faint tutting noise and shuddered , as if she had just discovered an unpleasant insect on one of her flowers .
sybil made a faint tutting noise and shuddered , as if she had just [found out] an unpleasant insect on one of her flowers .

Despite criticisms of the project , nearly all the teachers discovered something about their classroom performance . For Mary Law , seeing herself on the video was ‘ an eye-opener ’ :
despite criticisms of the project , nearly all the teachers [found out] something about their classroom performance . for mary law , seeing herself on the video was ‘ an eye-opener ’ :

The Independent has discovered that another important survey of sexual behaviour connected with Aids research , commissioned by the health department , was prevented from being published .
the independent has [found out] that another important survey of sexual behaviour connected with aids research , commissioned by the health department , was prevented from being published .

There are strict time limits : generally , six years from when damage first occurred ; where the damage was initially ‘ latent ’ you are given longer — three years from when you could have discovered it , with a longstop of 15 years .
there are strict time limits : generally , six years from when damage first occurred ; where the damage was initially ‘ latent ’ you are given longer — three years from when you could have [found out] it , with a longstop of 15 years .

Then in 1965 , inspired by an eighteenth-century folio which she discovered in Leixlip Castle she revived the art of making pictures ( usually floral designs ) from different shells mounted on a black velvet background .
then in 1965 , inspired by an eighteenth-century folio which she [found out] in leixlip castle she revived the art of making pictures ( usually floral designs ) from different shells mounted on a black velvet background .

Yet there is a tense energy about him — and it was precisely this that struck Tadao Nakane , when he discovered Ninagawa directing angry underground productions in the early Seventies .
yet there is a tense energy about him — and it was precisely this that struck tadao nakane , when he [found out] ninagawa directing angry underground productions in the early seventies .

When he later took the trouble to add up the bill he discovered that the actual cost was Fr 1,481 , around £140 : an overcharge of £40 .
when he later took the trouble to add up the bill he [found out] that the actual cost was fr 1,481 , around £140 : an overcharge of £40 .

Now , Kathmandu has discovered mountain bikes .
now , kathmandu has [found out] mountain bikes .

On investigation , they discovered that the first agency had failed to get proper authorisation from Visa for the transaction .
on investigation , they [found out] that the first agency had failed to get proper authorisation from visa for the transaction .

Mr Stockdale had taken control of Eagle Trust in the wake of the resignation and subsequent departure from the country of John Ferriday , and had discovered that £13.7m of funds could not be accounted for .
mr stockdale had taken control of eagle trust in the wake of the resignation and subsequent departure from the country of john ferriday , and had [found out] that £13.7m of funds could not be accounted for .

They have discovered that a chromosome is a good place to live if you want to get replicated .
they have [found out] that a chromosome is a good place to live if you want to get replicated .

The classic example was discovered by the French biologists François Jacob and Jacques Monod in 1959 in the bacterium Escherichia coli ( see Figure 9 ) .
the classic example was [found out] by the french biologists françois jacob and jacques monod in 1959 in the bacterium escherichia coli ( see figure 9 ) .

As a model of gene activation , the mechanism discovered by Jacob and Monod in bacteria again provides a satisfactory prototype , although we know that the changes that occur in eukaryotic cells are different at a molecular level , and far more stable .
as a model of gene activation , the mechanism [found out] by jacob and monod in bacteria again provides a satisfactory prototype , although we know that the changes that occur in eukaryotic cells are different at a molecular level , and far more stable .

In 1250 it was discovered that the lands which Aubrey , a forester of fee of Whittlewood Forest , held by serjeanty in Northamptonshire , had been alienated in part , and that ‘ the serjeanty of Peter of Minton in Shropshire , for which he ought to keep the forest of Long Mynd and the hays of Bushmoor and Haycrust ’ had been ‘ alienated in part by divers parcels ’ .
in 1250 it was [found out] that the lands which aubrey , a forester of fee of whittlewood forest , held by serjeanty in northamptonshire , had been alienated in part , and that ‘ the serjeanty of peter of minton in shropshire , for which he ought to keep the forest of long mynd and the hays of bushmoor and haycrust ’ had been ‘ alienated in part by divers parcels ’ .

He had been discovered by the abbess 's steward , Richard of Bernstead , who , when he resisted attachment , seized and bound him , took him to Barking , imprisoned him for three days and afterwards delivered him to the forester and the verderer .
he had been [found out] by the abbess 's steward , richard of bernstead , who , when he resisted attachment , seized and bound him , took him to barking , imprisoned him for three days and afterwards delivered him to the forester and the verderer .

On 1 August 1245 , for example , foresters discovered poachers in Rockingham Forest with bows and arrows , and raised the hue upon them , but the township of Wadenhoe refused to come and follow the hue .
on 1 august 1245 , for example , foresters [found out] poachers in rockingham forest with bows and arrows , and raised the hue upon them , but the township of wadenhoe refused to come and follow the hue .

If the Justice of the Forest discovered that a wood was without a woodward , or that a woodward had not taken the oath or had not appeared at the Forest Eyre to be sworn , or neglected his duty , or committed trespasses in the forest , the wood in question was seized for the king , but the owner was usually allowed to recover it on payment of a fine .
if the justice of the forest [found out] that a wood was without a woodward , or that a woodward had not taken the oath or had not appeared at the forest eyre to be sworn , or neglected his duty , or committed trespasses in the forest , the wood in question was seized for the king , but the owner was usually allowed to recover it on payment of a fine .

The woods kept by the woodwards were as a general rule also subject to the authority of the king 's foresters ; if the latter discovered a Forest offence there which had not been reported by the woodward , the wood was seized and the woodward attached to answer for his default .
the woods kept by the woodwards were as a general rule also subject to the authority of the king 's foresters ; if the latter [found out] a forest offence there which had not been reported by the woodward , the wood was seized and the woodward attached to answer for his default .

But Finch produced earlier perambulations which he had discovered in the Exchequer .
but finch produced earlier perambulations which he had [found out] in the exchequer .

Had she tried to do so , she would have discovered what her predecessors had known well : that ruling this unusual little kingdom was not an infinitely inferior business to ruling France or England .
had she tried to do so , she would have [found out] what her predecessors had known well : that ruling this unusual little kingdom was not an infinitely inferior business to ruling france or england .

In some parts of the world , Anna had discovered , this mystical form of intercourse was known as carezza .
in some parts of the world , anna had [found out] , this mystical form of intercourse was known as carezza .

The enemy had destroyed all flesh , but had not discovered the skeleton of brick and its bedrock of soil .
the enemy had destroyed all flesh , but had not [found out] the skeleton of brick and its bedrock of soil .

And she had a way of conjuring up places , in terms of their dimensions , that led those same children to explore their houses and fields blindfold ; the dark world that they discovered with their fingertips was new to them — but not frightening as they had supposed it to be .
and she had a way of conjuring up places , in terms of their dimensions , that led those same children to explore their houses and fields blindfold ; the dark world that they [found out] with their fingertips was new to them — but not frightening as they had supposed it to be .

As Major Pond discovered , seat-holders were let in through side doors while hoi polloi had to come in through the front in the hope of getting what they could .
as major pond [found out] , seat-holders were let in through side doors while hoi polloi had to come in through the front in the hope of getting what they could .

She discovered Jackie curled up behind a bale , the blue eyes shut .
she [found out] jackie curled up behind a bale , the blue eyes shut .

In her distress , Miss Harker was not even aware of him until , thrusting his hands into his pockets where they felt much more secure , he discovered a handkerchief .
in her distress , miss harker was not even aware of him until , thrusting his hands into his pockets where they felt much more secure , he [found out] a handkerchief .

Two days later Joy Prentice discovered a rash on the back of her neck and was sent home with the measles .
two days later joy prentice [found out] a rash on the back of her neck and was sent home with the measles .

During the final rehearsals for the 1962 Berlin recording of the Ninth , Karajan discovered that for years in the Finale 's ‘ adagio ma non troppo , ma divoto ’ the Berlin violas had been annexing for themselves the top line in a passage that is richly divided .
during the final rehearsals for the 1962 berlin recording of the ninth , karajan [found out] that for years in the finale 's ‘ adagio ma non troppo , ma divoto ’ the berlin violas had been annexing for themselves the top line in a passage that is richly divided .

Then in the mid-seventies you discovered Hildegard Behrens .
then in the mid-seventies you [found out] hildegard behrens .

It could have been parked somewhere else on Wednesday and repositioned when our man discovered Mr Goodhaven was still alive .
it could have been parked somewhere else on wednesday and repositioned when our man [found out] mr goodhaven was still alive .

‘ Actually , ’ Doone said calmly , ‘ he is known to be able to drive his father 's jeep on the Downs expertly , and my men have discovered he was out of school last Wednesday afternoon on a field trip to Windsor Safari Park .
‘ actually , ’ doone said calmly , ‘ he is known to be able to drive his father 's jeep on the downs expertly , and my men have [found out] he was out of school last wednesday afternoon on a field trip to windsor safari park .

It is reasonable to suppose that man discovered the roller before developing the wheel .
it is reasonable to suppose that man [found out] the roller before developing the wheel .

Recently , photographers have discovered , via the zoom lens , the aesthetic possibilities of putting a distant object into hard focus while the foreground is fuzzy .
recently , photographers have [found out] , via the zoom lens , the aesthetic possibilities of putting a distant object into hard focus while the foreground is fuzzy .

Many semi-regular grids have been discovered , a few of which are shown .
many semi-regular grids have been [found out] , a few of which are shown .

Additionally , he found that when a horse discovered that the messages it was trying to convey were understood , either by another horse or by a person , its range of communication could be extended considerably .
additionally , he found that when a horse [found out] that the messages it was trying to convey were understood , either by another horse or by a person , its range of communication could be extended considerably .

Henry Blake experimentally proved the existence of empathy between horses through using pairs of closely bonded horses who were mentally and emotionally close to each other ; and he discovered that horses could communicate with some horses through empathy , but not with others .
henry blake experimentally proved the existence of empathy between horses through using pairs of closely bonded horses who were mentally and emotionally close to each other ; and he [found out] that horses could communicate with some horses through empathy , but not with others .

On the day , however , we discovered that the level of the field had dropped by two metres .
on the day , however , we [found out] that the level of the field had dropped by two metres .

It is hard enough , as we have discovered , for people to know how to behave as a bereaved person .
it is hard enough , as we have [found out] , for people to know how to behave as a bereaved person .

It is not that people need to change or be ‘ cured ’ ; it is that they need to pursue their thoughts to their logical conclusion and from there make decisions on the basis of what they have discovered about themselves .
it is not that people need to change or be ‘ cured ’ ; it is that they need to pursue their thoughts to their logical conclusion and from there make decisions on the basis of what they have [found out] about themselves .

Her husband began to complain of headaches and lethargy and after a period of investigation in hospital it was discovered that he had a malignant cerebral tumour .
her husband began to complain of headaches and lethargy and after a period of investigation in hospital it was [found out] that he had a malignant cerebral tumour .

She did n't want the fact that she had written to me to be discovered , and perhaps be seen by her parents as another act of disobedience , causing another row .
she did n't want the fact that she had written to me to be [found out] , and perhaps be seen by her parents as another act of disobedience , causing another row .

The church discovered in persecution , provided that it was inefficient ( as most of it was ) , that even if some pagan observers thought the martyrs merely theatrical suicides ( so the Emperor Marcus Aurelius ) , many others were led to ask questions .
the church [found out] in persecution , provided that it was inefficient ( as most of it was ) , that even if some pagan observers thought the martyrs merely theatrical suicides ( so the emperor marcus aurelius ) , many others were led to ask questions .

In Asia Minor about 110 the younger Pliny , the governor of Bithynia , asked Trajan whether the profession of Christianity was in itself culpable or ‘ the vices associated with the name ’ , especially since after investigation by torture he had discovered that there were no frightful vices : the accused said their custom was to meet before dawn on a particular day to sing a hymn to Christ as a god and to take an oath ( sacramentum ) to abstain from wrongdoing .
in asia minor about 110 the younger pliny , the governor of bithynia , asked trajan whether the profession of christianity was in itself culpable or ‘ the vices associated with the name ’ , especially since after investigation by torture he had [found out] that there were no frightful vices : the accused said their custom was to meet before dawn on a particular day to sing a hymn to christ as a god and to take an oath ( sacramentum ) to abstain from wrongdoing .

In 386 Ambrose moved relics he had just discovered in a Milan suburb to one of the new churches he had built to ring the growing city with prestigious sanctuaries ; it was a well thought out act .
in 386 ambrose moved relics he had just [found out] in a milan suburb to one of the new churches he had built to ring the growing city with prestigious sanctuaries ; it was a well thought out act .

The vitality of a pre-Christian Celtic past was fused with the newly discovered artistic and intellectual traditions of the late antique Mediterranean world .
the vitality of a pre-christian celtic past was fused with the newly [found out] artistic and intellectual traditions of the late antique mediterranean world .

She remembers all the Ramsay Street actors and actresses with fondness — Jan also discovered Jason Donovan , who arrived for an audition in his school uniform , and a host of others .
she remembers all the ramsay street actors and actresses with fondness — jan also [found out] jason donovan , who arrived for an audition in his school uniform , and a host of others .

Kylie discovered the enormous difference between acting for television and acting for films .
kylie [found out] the enormous difference between acting for television and acting for films .

But when the Central Policy Review Staff ( the ‘ Think Tank ’ ) had suggested in the early eighties that they mount a full-scale investigation into the practices and abuses of the professions , they discovered that the influence of the lawyers upon Number 10 was so strong that the proposal was sat upon and then returned , with a suggestion they confine themselves to teachers and social workers .
but when the central policy review staff ( the ‘ think tank ’ ) had suggested in the early eighties that they mount a full-scale investigation into the practices and abuses of the professions , they [found out] that the influence of the lawyers upon number 10 was so strong that the proposal was sat upon and then returned , with a suggestion they confine themselves to teachers and social workers .

Cave later discovered that the box of parts had not been opened at all ; another conversation premised on something that had not occurred , designed to raise both the bidding and the temperature , and a chimera .
cave later [found out] that the box of parts had not been opened at all ; another conversation premised on something that had not occurred , designed to raise both the bidding and the temperature , and a chimera .

McFarlane once discovered a good way to kill curiosity , like the cat .
mcfarlane once [found out] a good way to kill curiosity , like the cat .

In the event Libyan pragmatism prevailed and neither defence nor prosecution raised the constitutional issue ; for it was unexpectedly discovered that the Jordanian 's deputy had signed an acceptance of legal responsibility for the canteen while his superior was on holiday .
in the event libyan pragmatism prevailed and neither defence nor prosecution raised the constitutional issue ; for it was unexpectedly [found out] that the jordanian 's deputy had signed an acceptance of legal responsibility for the canteen while his superior was on holiday .

SHe could n't understand Tammuz ' mania for disguise , given that nobody knew about what he had discovered , except for his friends below .
she could n't understand tammuz ' mania for disguise , given that nobody knew about what he had [found out] , except for his friends below .

But even as the insult shaped itself in her larynx she discovered that she had smiled at him , openly , quickly , but unmistakably warm .
but even as the insult shaped itself in her larynx she [found out] that she had smiled at him , openly , quickly , but unmistakably warm .

Audiences have discovered what comes after those exhilarating overtures which kept the operas ' names alive in the world 's concert-halls .
audiences have [found out] what comes after those exhilarating overtures which kept the operas ' names alive in the world 's concert-halls .

Mr Newman 's body was discovered by his girlfriend , Miss Helen Thomas , who had been concerned when he did not return from the appointment and had driven to Eggington to look for him .
mr newman 's body was [found out] by his girlfriend , miss helen thomas , who had been concerned when he did not return from the appointment and had driven to eggington to look for him .

Their worthlessness is discovered only when the duped client attempts to sell them on the legitimate market .
their worthlessness is [found out] only when the duped client attempts to sell them on the legitimate market .

The Sunday Telegraph has discovered that , on the day before he was murdered , Dr Asvat was visited unexpectedly by Jerry Richardson .
the sunday telegraph has [found out] that , on the day before he was murdered , dr asvat was visited unexpectedly by jerry richardson .

His body was still warm when it was discovered by police after his farm manager had reported him missing .
his body was still warm when it was [found out] by police after his farm manager had reported him missing .

No , success came because Mr Major discovered what he believed , and that made him feel free at last .
no , success came because mr major [found out] what he believed , and that made him feel free at last .

Mr Carr discovered that these should be distributed every Christmas , and wrote letters , to which he did not receive an answer .
mr carr [found out] that these should be distributed every christmas , and wrote letters , to which he did not receive an answer .

There we discovered the £7.50 hamburger meal , flower-selling girls with Chanel handbags and wealthy exhibitionists who apparently enjoyed being part of a human zoo , preening themselves on their extravagant yachts while the hoi-polloi stared up from the quayside .
there we [found out] the £7.50 hamburger meal , flower-selling girls with chanel handbags and wealthy exhibitionists who apparently enjoyed being part of a human zoo , preening themselves on their extravagant yachts while the hoi-polloi stared up from the quayside .

Between 1937 and 1941 he discovered drugs which mitigated the worst symptoms of these maladies .
between 1937 and 1941 he [found out] drugs which mitigated the worst symptoms of these maladies .

Mr Lumley said the fake Zantac was discovered because a patient noticed that the product tasted abnormal and contacted Glaxo , Zantac 's maker .
mr lumley said the fake zantac was [found out] because a patient noticed that the product tasted abnormal and contacted glaxo , zantac 's maker .

Mr Mellor is no soft touch , as those within the industry who had to negotiate with him quickly discovered , but he is accessible to reason , and that is itself a great advance on what had been experienced before .
mr mellor is no soft touch , as those within the industry who had to negotiate with him quickly [found out] , but he is accessible to reason , and that is itself a great advance on what had been experienced before .

It was then discovered that it was impossible to put a solid roof on the stadium , so a compromise was reached in the form of an awning — a ‘ symbolic roof ’ .
it was then [found out] that it was impossible to put a solid roof on the stadium , so a compromise was reached in the form of an awning — a ‘ symbolic roof ’ .

When she was 13 doctors discovered she had bone cancer .
when she was 13 doctors [found out] she had bone cancer .

In 1979 , Jill Hutchinson and her fiance discovered a derelict 16th century cottage in Potton , Bedfordshire , and restored it , complete with inglenook and exposed beams in time for their wedding .
in 1979 , jill hutchinson and her fiance [found out] a derelict 16th century cottage in potton , bedfordshire , and restored it , complete with inglenook and exposed beams in time for their wedding .

‘ Then we discovered a hydraulic pump , which moves the set on-stage , had broken down .
‘ then we [found out] a hydraulic pump , which moves the set on-stage , had broken down .

First discovered in 1695 , the pavement has been repeatedly buried and re-exposed over the last three centuries .
first [found out] in 1695 , the pavement has been repeatedly buried and re-exposed over the last three centuries .

That did not , however , stop Ted Dexter , now chairman of the English cricket selectors , from caning him when Cook was discovered tippling .
that did not , however , stop ted dexter , now chairman of the english cricket selectors , from caning him when cook was [found out] tippling .

We offer the other hand , and eventually a life line is discovered , although it 's so short it appears that we died several years ago .
we offer the other hand , and eventually a life line is [found out] , although it 's so short it appears that we died several years ago .

Uncensored in his own country until the 1968 invasion ( when he was put under an outright ban ) , he discovered his first novel to be published in the West had been rewritten from start to finish by the publisher .
uncensored in his own country until the 1968 invasion ( when he was put under an outright ban ) , he [found out] his first novel to be published in the west had been rewritten from start to finish by the publisher .

That instant when Agnes suddenly , without preparation , lifted her arm in a flowing , easy motion was miraculous . How was it possible that in a single fraction of a second , and for the very first time , she discovered a motion of the arm and body so perfect and polished that it resembled a finished work of art ?
that instant when agnes suddenly , without preparation , lifted her arm in a flowing , easy motion was miraculous . how was it possible that in a single fraction of a second , and for the very first time , she [found out] a motion of the arm and body so perfect and polished that it resembled a finished work of art ?

Upon a sale of land the purchaser is normally entitled to have produced to him and to investigate the deeds recording previous transactions in the land going back for fifteen years ( Law of Property Act 1969 : formerly the period was thirty years ) ; and though this period is sometimes reduced by agreement , the shortening of the period throws a risk on the purchaser , who is not only bound by all legal interests in the land which actually exist whether he discovers them or not , but also by all equitable interests which he would have discovered if he had insisted on an investigation for the longer period .
upon a sale of land the purchaser is normally entitled to have produced to him and to investigate the deeds recording previous transactions in the land going back for fifteen years ( law of property act 1969 : formerly the period was thirty years ) ; and though this period is sometimes reduced by agreement , the shortening of the period throws a risk on the purchaser , who is not only bound by all legal interests in the land which actually exist whether he discovers them or not , but also by all equitable interests which he would have [found out] if he had insisted on an investigation for the longer period .

Around Meat is Murder the critics suddenly discovered Morrissey 's humour — George Formby was trundled out as a reference point .
around meat is murder the critics suddenly [found out] morrissey 's humour — george formby was trundled out as a reference point .

What he discovered is that these ‘ disciplines ’ were not really about uncovering truth for its own sake ; the ‘ knowledge ’ they generated was inseparable from and instrumental in ‘ techniques of domination ’ .
what he [found out] is that these ‘ disciplines ’ were not really about uncovering truth for its own sake ; the ‘ knowledge ’ they generated was inseparable from and instrumental in ‘ techniques of domination ’ .

Although nineteenth century whalers discovered that many Of the strange calls at sea were the voices of whales , only recently have the songs Of cetaceans become familiar to the rest of the world .
although nineteenth century whalers [found out] that many of the strange calls at sea were the voices of whales , only recently have the songs of cetaceans become familiar to the rest of the world .

Researchers have discovered that significant changes in the same songs have been copied by humpbacks on opposite sides of the Atlantic Ocean within 6 days , far faster than a whale could swim the 5000 or so km ( 3250 miles ) .
researchers have [found out] that significant changes in the same songs have been copied by humpbacks on opposite sides of the atlantic ocean within 6 days , far faster than a whale could swim the 5000 or so km ( 3250 miles ) .

When these nets also started to fish up cetaceans ( mainly Burmeister 's porpoise ) as an incidental catch , the fishermen discovered a ready market for porpoise meat among lower income groups .
when these nets also started to fish up cetaceans ( mainly burmeister 's porpoise ) as an incidental catch , the fishermen [found out] a ready market for porpoise meat among lower income groups .

Earthtrust discovered that many other locals were opposed to the capture and slaughter of dolphins , and had tried for several years to halt the practice .
earthtrust [found out] that many other locals were opposed to the capture and slaughter of dolphins , and had tried for several years to halt the practice .

One skipper who sought to reduce the carnage discovered that trapped dolphins could be released from nets by the use of a manoeuvre which came to be known as ‘ backdown .
one skipper who sought to reduce the carnage [found out] that trapped dolphins could be released from nets by the use of a manoeuvre which came to be known as ‘ backdown .

Her crew were all rescued , but it was discovered that the Delima was not , in fact , a water-carrier , as had originally been claimed , but a support ship for a massive fleet of between 60 and 130 Taiwanese drift-net vessels , fishing for albacore tuna along an area of oceanic upwelling known as the Subtropical Convergence Zone , stretching across the South Pacific in a narrow 300-km ( 200-mile ) band from south of the Cook Islands to south of French Polynesia .
her crew were all rescued , but it was [found out] that the delima was not , in fact , a water-carrier , as had originally been claimed , but a support ship for a massive fleet of between 60 and 130 taiwanese drift-net vessels , fishing for albacore tuna along an area of oceanic upwelling known as the subtropical convergence zone , stretching across the south pacific in a narrow 300-km ( 200-mile ) band from south of the cook islands to south of french polynesia .

They estimated the total population at 3000–4000 animals and discovered that almost a quarter lived around Banks Peninsula , near the South Island 's largest city , Christchurch .
they estimated the total population at 3000–4000 animals and [found out] that almost a quarter lived around banks peninsula , near the south island 's largest city , christchurch .

Dawson and Slooten discovered that these nylon monofilament gill-nets , up to 3000 metres ( 9750 feet ) in length , were responsible for the deaths of far more dolphins than had ever been officially reported , and that the local dolphin population was in fact declining rapidly .
dawson and slooten [found out] that these nylon monofilament gill-nets , up to 3000 metres ( 9750 feet ) in length , were responsible for the deaths of far more dolphins than had ever been officially reported , and that the local dolphin population was in fact declining rapidly .

They discovered that almost all the reported drownings of dolphins occurred between November and February , when commercial fishermen bring their nets closer to shore , following the breeding dogfish and elephant fish .
they [found out] that almost all the reported drownings of dolphins occurred between november and february , when commercial fishermen bring their nets closer to shore , following the breeding dogfish and elephant fish .

Beland and Martineau also discovered that male belugas were much more contaminated than females , and that year-old calves were , strangely , often the most contaminated of all .
beland and martineau also [found out] that male belugas were much more contaminated than females , and that year-old calves were , strangely , often the most contaminated of all .

But , as the Shanghai researchers discovered , some human urges respect no ideological boundaries .
but , as the shanghai researchers [found out] , some human urges respect no ideological boundaries .

One exception , imaginatively titled ‘ Gulf War : The Board Game ’ , comes from a Malaysian company that discovered it could change an America v Russia contest into a Gulf version without rewriting any of the rules .
one exception , imaginatively titled ‘ gulf war : the board game ’ , comes from a malaysian company that [found out] it could change an america v russia contest into a gulf version without rewriting any of the rules .

For example , when it was discovered in the 1970s that male workers in America and Costa Rica had been made permanently sterile by a pesticide called dibromochloropropane , the substance was banned .
for example , when it was [found out] in the 1970s that male workers in america and costa rica had been made permanently sterile by a pesticide called dibromochloropropane , the substance was banned .

But when it is discovered that a substance harms women 's reproductive health , women of childbearing age are usually kept from jobs that might expose them to it .
but when it is [found out] that a substance harms women 's reproductive health , women of childbearing age are usually kept from jobs that might expose them to it .

Besides , the causes of some 60 % of birth defects have yet to be discovered : it can not be assumed that all of them travel down only the female line .
besides , the causes of some 60 % of birth defects have yet to be [found out] : it can not be assumed that all of them travel down only the female line .

The German postal ministry discovered 23 illegal , private telephone networks in eastern Germany , including one formerly controlled by the secret police , the Stasi .
the german postal ministry [found out] 23 illegal , private telephone networks in eastern germany , including one formerly controlled by the secret police , the stasi .

Indeed , here is a reminder that Christmas can only be understood in the light of later events , can only be discovered in all its wonderful freshness and life when we discover for ourselves that Jesus is the human face of God .
indeed , here is a reminder that christmas can only be understood in the light of later events , can only be [found out] in all its wonderful freshness and life when we discover for ourselves that jesus is the human face of god .

His horror was profound when he discovered the extent and depth of the evil perpetrated by Hitler .
his horror was profound when he [found out] the extent and depth of the evil perpetrated by hitler .

But the plot was discovered , and Bonhoeffer was imprisoned and hanged on Low Sunday , 1945 .
but the plot was [found out] , and bonhoeffer was imprisoned and hanged on low sunday , 1945 .

He quickly discovered , however , that other schools of philosophy , despite proud boasts to the contrary , had nothing better to offer .
he quickly [found out] , however , that other schools of philosophy , despite proud boasts to the contrary , had nothing better to offer .

Presumably they were asking how the principles of morality are discovered and known to be true , and discussing the role of revelation as a source and foundation of morality and religion .
presumably they were asking how the principles of morality are [found out] and known to be true , and discussing the role of revelation as a source and foundation of morality and religion .

But towards the end of the century the ideal began to emerge that not merely the essentials , but also the whole of religion could be discovered by reason , and that nothing ‘ above reason ’ should be a part of it .
but towards the end of the century the ideal began to emerge that not merely the essentials , but also the whole of religion could be [found out] by reason , and that nothing ‘ above reason ’ should be a part of it .

When the Major returned and discovered what they had done , he galloped off and , knowing the country , was able to overtake the thieves on the road to Ludlow , where he killed most of them and retrieved his property .
when the major returned and [found out] what they had done , he galloped off and , knowing the country , was able to overtake the thieves on the road to ludlow , where he killed most of them and retrieved his property .

In the meantime , he 'd discovered cocaine with a vengeance .
in the meantime , he 'd [found out] cocaine with a vengeance .

In this way young men of the neighbourhood discovered that they were no longer boys .
in this way young men of the neighbourhood [found out] that they were no longer boys .

As his own prose essays on ‘ Nature ’ were being admired by the adolescent girls in the Young People 's Guild at the Unitarian chapel , and approved by the minister , by his father and by Ashcroft Noble , and eventually published in sectarian and national journals , Edward discovered the English poets , first slowly under imposition and then , in a rush , in his father 's wide-ranging library .
as his own prose essays on ‘ nature ’ were being admired by the adolescent girls in the young people 's guild at the unitarian chapel , and approved by the minister , by his father and by ashcroft noble , and eventually published in sectarian and national journals , edward [found out] the english poets , first slowly under imposition and then , in a rush , in his father 's wide-ranging library .

His letters to Helen , in particular , uncover the head for business , the punctilious sense of irritable rightness , and the concomitant sudden bouts of self-distrust that marched alongside his desire for an extended life of idealized perfection , similar to the intense moments of joyful peace he had discovered for himself during walks .
his letters to helen , in particular , uncover the head for business , the punctilious sense of irritable rightness , and the concomitant sudden bouts of self-distrust that marched alongside his desire for an extended life of idealized perfection , similar to the intense moments of joyful peace he had [found out] for himself during walks .

In the course of her research into the history of the house , she discovered that the male Pygling line had in fact died out , and that the present bearer of the hallowed name — the pathetic husband of the overbearing Mrs Pygling — came in fact through the female line and had adopted the name of Pygling .
in the course of her research into the history of the house , she [found out] that the male pygling line had in fact died out , and that the present bearer of the hallowed name — the pathetic husband of the overbearing mrs pygling — came in fact through the female line and had adopted the name of pygling .

He had discovered that you were allowed to be drunk in charge of a boat , so he pub-crawled on the river .
he had [found out] that you were allowed to be drunk in charge of a boat , so he pub-crawled on the river .

Nothing you do goes unnoticed , especially if you live in a big house , as Jane discovered to her cost .
nothing you do goes unnoticed , especially if you live in a big house , as jane [found out] to her cost .

She discovered he had a Plan .
she [found out] he had a plan .

McLeish asked whereabouts and discovered it was three roads away from his own flat , so they complained enjoyably to each other about the local council .
mcleish asked whereabouts and [found out] it was three roads away from his own flat , so they complained enjoyably to each other about the local council .

Two were abandoned in the mid-1980s when they were discovered to cause cancer in rats .
two were abandoned in the mid-1980s when they were [found out] to cause cancer in rats .

When they discovered he was n't home , they 'd phone the police .
when they [found out] he was n't home , they 'd phone the police .

Members of three such generations have been discovered ; until recently there was no evidence from particle physics to rule out more .
members of three such generations have been [found out] ; until recently there was no evidence from particle physics to rule out more .

Dozens of French companies , for example , discovered they could raise money that acts like capital but enjoys the tax break granted to debt through ‘ instantly repackaged perpetual securities ’ .
dozens of french companies , for example , [found out] they could raise money that acts like capital but enjoys the tax break granted to debt through ‘ instantly repackaged perpetual securities ’ .

To nobody 's surprise , they discovered extremely high levels of anaemia , diabetes , bronchial disorder and child deaths — which might have been the result of poor diet , pollution and the general mess of the Soviet economy .
to nobody 's surprise , they [found out] extremely high levels of anaemia , diabetes , bronchial disorder and child deaths — which might have been the result of poor diet , pollution and the general mess of the soviet economy .

When western doctors went in to look for thyroid and other illnesses , they could not tell whether the apparent increase they discovered in these things was due to radiation or to the fact that no one had done such a thorough diagnosis before .
when western doctors went in to look for thyroid and other illnesses , they could not tell whether the apparent increase they [found out] in these things was due to radiation or to the fact that no one had done such a thorough diagnosis before .

Most countries have discovered the benefits of money following the patient .
most countries have [found out] the benefits of money following the patient .

Shortly after each new market is discovered , actors demand more money .
shortly after each new market is [found out] , actors demand more money .

Christy Turlington , discovered as a Californian teenager , was signed to an exclusive contract for Calvin Klein 's perfume , Eternity .
christy turlington , [found out] as a californian teenager , was signed to an exclusive contract for calvin klein 's perfume , eternity .

After labyrinthine inquiries , it was discovered he once photographed a series of ducumentaries of which the Government disapproved .
after labyrinthine inquiries , it was [found out] he once photographed a series of ducumentaries of which the government disapproved .

Those wallpapers , the ‘ Bardfield Papers ’ , were central to the mise-en-scene at Brick House in Great Bardfield , the gentle red-brick building Bawden and Ravilious discovered on their travels by bicycle round Essex .
those wallpapers , the ‘ bardfield papers ’ , were central to the mise-en-scene at brick house in great bardfield , the gentle red-brick building bawden and ravilious [found out] on their travels by bicycle round essex .

Rover believes in catching them young as Judith Jackson discovered in Swindon The body shop Motoring .
rover believes in catching them young as judith jackson [found out] in swindon the body shop motoring .

But insurers have agreed to pay out if it is discovered in future that procedures which would now be classified as benign are found to cause environmental damage .
but insurers have agreed to pay out if it is [found out] in future that procedures which would now be classified as benign are found to cause environmental damage .

Near the town of Gera , citizens forced their way into a secret bunker of the former Stasi secret police , where they discovered a ‘ communications centre ’ .
near the town of gera , citizens forced their way into a secret bunker of the former stasi secret police , where they [found out] a ‘ communications centre ’ .

Near the town of Gera , citizens forced their way into a secret bunker of the former Stasi secret police , where they discovered a ‘ communications centre ’ .
near the town of gera , citizens forced their way into a secret bunker of the former stasi secret police , where they [found out] a ‘ communications centre ’ .

Near the town of Gera , in the south , citizens forced their way into a secret bunker of the former Stasi secret police , where they discovered a ‘ communications centre ’ .
near the town of gera , in the south , citizens forced their way into a secret bunker of the former stasi secret police , where they [found out] a ‘ communications centre ’ .

What is so disheartening about what has been discovered in the Stasi files , however , is that people informed even when under no pressure to do so .
what is so disheartening about what has been [found out] in the stasi files , however , is that people informed even when under no pressure to do so .

Telescopes have been making parallactic distance measurements of the closest stars since 1831 , when the Scottish astronomer Thomas Henderson discovered that the nearest star to the Sun , Alpha Centauri , was 4.3 light-years away , a distance of 26 million million miles , much further than people had imagined .
telescopes have been making parallactic distance measurements of the closest stars since 1831 , when the scottish astronomer thomas henderson [found out] that the nearest star to the sun , alpha centauri , was 4.3 light-years away , a distance of 26 million million miles , much further than people had imagined .

However , what does seem remarkable is just how little effort was made to pursue the thieves after the theft was discovered .
however , what does seem remarkable is just how little effort was made to pursue the thieves after the theft was [found out] .

There is a frisson between them as if they have discovered a game of role-playing which both find sexually stimulating .
there is a frisson between them as if they have [found out] a game of role-playing which both find sexually stimulating .

Lloyd has ‘ discovered ’ for them a magnificent location in the shape of the old ‘ boat-houses ’ along the Embankment .
lloyd has ‘ [found out] ’ for them a magnificent location in the shape of the old ‘ boat-houses ’ along the embankment .

And , purely to keep the story progressing , he has to be one of the laziest criminals in screen history , scattering clues with such recklessness that he seems subconsciously determined to be discovered .
and , purely to keep the story progressing , he has to be one of the laziest criminals in screen history , scattering clues with such recklessness that he seems subconsciously determined to be [found out] .

On Thursday , John Major ( Labour 's no longer secret weapon ) once more appeared as a caricature of pedantic reason — the clerk who , having accidentally become boss of the factory , believes that , if only he keeps his desk tidy and always sounds calm , he 'll never be discovered .
on thursday , john major ( labour 's no longer secret weapon ) once more appeared as a caricature of pedantic reason — the clerk who , having accidentally become boss of the factory , believes that , if only he keeps his desk tidy and always sounds calm , he 'll never be [found out] .

When he was much smaller , Tom was once discovered in my study attacking the dust-jacket of a Norman Mailer novel with my scissors ; no doubt he will make a fine critic , but since then the door to my bolt-hole has remained bolted .
when he was much smaller , tom was once [found out] in my study attacking the dust-jacket of a norman mailer novel with my scissors ; no doubt he will make a fine critic , but since then the door to my bolt-hole has remained bolted .

‘ The most nerve-wracking moment , ’ recalls Nicola Wright , ‘ was when we discovered the live First World War German mortar bomb , which cousin Charles had brought home as a souvenir .
‘ the most nerve-wracking moment , ’ recalls nicola wright , ‘ was when we [found out] the live first world war german mortar bomb , which cousin charles had brought home as a souvenir .

Once we started trekking we soon discovered that mental attitude and camaraderie were far more important than physical fitness .
once we started trekking we soon [found out] that mental attitude and camaraderie were far more important than physical fitness .

Recently we read in this newspaper how two ‘ remarkable new numbers ’ had been discovered by Atomic Energy Authority scientists using a super computer at the Harwell laboratory .
recently we read in this newspaper how two ‘ remarkable new numbers ’ had been [found out] by atomic energy authority scientists using a super computer at the harwell laboratory .

He discovered he missed the 7am canter , the midday ritual of handing in his medical book in the weighing room .
he [found out] he missed the 7am canter , the midday ritual of handing in his medical book in the weighing room .

Mr Werner Palmer-Radford was arrested in Sussex after the body of his wife Jacqueline was discovered on Thursday by her 16-year-old son Matthew at their home in Eversley , Hants .
mr werner palmer-radford was arrested in sussex after the body of his wife jacqueline was [found out] on thursday by her 16-year-old son matthew at their home in eversley , hants .

Mrs Palmer-Radford 's other son , Oliver , aged six , only discovered what had happened after she failed to collect him from his Catholic prep-school , it emerged yesterday .
mrs palmer-radford 's other son , oliver , aged six , only [found out] what had happened after she failed to collect him from his catholic prep-school , it emerged yesterday .

Meadowell has even discovered a new martyr in the shape of one Willy Hunter , a local hard nut awaiting trial for murder , and allegedly the victim of a police frame-up .
meadowell has even [found out] a new martyr in the shape of one willy hunter , a local hard nut awaiting trial for murder , and allegedly the victim of a police frame-up .

It was discovered in 130 feet of water in the exact spot where two anonymous letters written to Mrs Allan had said it would be .
it was [found out] in 130 feet of water in the exact spot where two anonymous letters written to mrs allan had said it would be .

The relics were discovered in a lead box in the ruins of the abbey on land owned by two brothers , who had conflicting views on where the relics should be housed and who should own them .
the relics were [found out] in a lead box in the ruins of the abbey on land owned by two brothers , who had conflicting views on where the relics should be housed and who should own them .

Leon was captured and shot by the Gestapo in 1942 , although his remains have never been discovered .
leon was captured and shot by the gestapo in 1942 , although his remains have never been [found out] .

Andronikos had been digging in northern Greece for some 25 years when he discovered a vault in one of the narrow streets in the village of Virghina , west of Salonika .
andronikos had been digging in northern greece for some 25 years when he [found out] a vault in one of the narrow streets in the village of virghina , west of salonika .

It is not surprising that new fossil species are discovered daily , and indeed the amateur collector has a good chance of finding a new species of fossil , if he looks hard enough and learns to recognize what he has found .
it is not surprising that new fossil species are [found out] daily , and indeed the amateur collector has a good chance of finding a new species of fossil , if he looks hard enough and learns to recognize what he has found .

Fossil evidence for some of this early history is shrouded in obscurity , hidden in the vast stretches of Precambrian time , but as is shown in Chapter 7 more evidence is being discovered each year .
fossil evidence for some of this early history is shrouded in obscurity , hidden in the vast stretches of precambrian time , but as is shown in chapter 7 more evidence is being [found out] each year .

It was discovered in the Great Oolite limestones of Gloucestershire , England .
it was [found out] in the great oolite limestones of gloucestershire , england .

There are several more groups of odd echinoderms in the Lower Palaeozoic rocks — some of them only recently discovered , like the bizarre helicoplacoids , which look like nothing so much as spinning tops ( see p. 84 ) .
there are several more groups of odd echinoderms in the lower palaeozoic rocks — some of them only recently [found out] , like the bizarre helicoplacoids , which look like nothing so much as spinning tops ( see p. 84 ) .

The early moults , ‘ baby trilobites ’ , have been discovered .
the early moults , ‘ baby trilobites ’ , have been [found out] .

New trilobites are being discovered every year , and there is always the possibility of finding one with its legs preserved !
new trilobites are being [found out] every year , and there is always the possibility of finding one with its legs preserved !

These latter ( Ornithischians ) include some animals that walked on their hind legs like Tyrannosaurus , but with vegetarian habits ( Iguanodon , the first dinosaur to be discovered ) ; the group also includes various types of vegetarian armoured and plated dinosaurs , often shown in pitched battle with their carnivorous contemporaries .
these latter ( ornithischians ) include some animals that walked on their hind legs like tyrannosaurus , but with vegetarian habits ( iguanodon , the first dinosaur to be [found out] ) ; the group also includes various types of vegetarian armoured and plated dinosaurs , often shown in pitched battle with their carnivorous contemporaries .

Or they may have been hunters after larger prey , in which case when appendages are eventually discovered they may prove to have adaptations for grasping and manipulating larger food .
or they may have been hunters after larger prey , in which case when appendages are eventually [found out] they may prove to have adaptations for grasping and manipulating larger food .

‘ Christopher Columbus discovered America with a sextant and a chunk of lead tied to the end of a line .
‘ christopher columbus [found out] america with a sextant and a chunk of lead tied to the end of a line .

And then , the Daily Telegraph discovered ‘ the truth ’ : ‘ privatisation of Britain 's water industry … runs against the grain of Mr Delors ’ social strategy .
and then , the daily telegraph [found out] ‘ the truth ’ : ‘ privatisation of britain 's water industry … runs against the grain of mr delors ’ social strategy .

While other European countries ( not to mention the United States ) were struggling to comply with a 50 mg/litre nitrate limit , the minister revealed that Britain had once again discovered unique drawbacks to the proposed solution to pollution , which made the cure , as it were , worse than the disease .
while other european countries ( not to mention the united states ) were struggling to comply with a 50 mg/litre nitrate limit , the minister revealed that britain had once again [found out] unique drawbacks to the proposed solution to pollution , which made the cure , as it were , worse than the disease .

The ‘ not invented here ’ or ‘ not discovered by us ’ syndrome runs strongly in British official circles and official inquiries are more than capable of requiring standards of rigour and a quality of proof from external or ‘ independent ’ evidence which are never applied to the government 's own sources .
the ‘ not invented here ’ or ‘ not [found out] by us ’ syndrome runs strongly in british official circles and official inquiries are more than capable of requiring standards of rigour and a quality of proof from external or ‘ independent ’ evidence which are never applied to the government 's own sources .

In the mid 1980s it was also discovered that the naturally leached soil of most of upland Britain is vulnerable to ‘ sulphate saturation ’ .
in the mid 1980s it was also [found out] that the naturally leached soil of most of upland britain is vulnerable to ‘ sulphate saturation ’ .

At the Scottish Wildlife Trust 's Acid Rain Inquiry of September 1984 , Dr Redfern of its Northern Research Station talked of the ‘ striking similarities ’ between the damage which FoE Scotland had first discovered in Cumbria and northwest Scotland .
at the scottish wildlife trust 's acid rain inquiry of september 1984 , dr redfern of its northern research station talked of the ‘ striking similarities ’ between the damage which foe scotland had first [found out] in cumbria and northwest scotland .

While ‘ appreciable crown thinning ’ had been discovered in spruce and Scots pine , this was ‘ well within the usual range of our experience ’ .
while ‘ appreciable crown thinning ’ had been [found out] in spruce and scots pine , this was ‘ well within the usual range of our experience ’ .

’ It discovered severely deformed and dying beech at Denny Wood in the New Forest , a major conservation site in an area run by the Forestry Commission , which objected to television filming of the dying trees .
’ it [found out] severely deformed and dying beech at denny wood in the new forest , a major conservation site in an area run by the forestry commission , which objected to television filming of the dying trees .

They liked him even less when they discovered he hated playing rugby , especially on cold winter mornings when the ground was as hard as concrete and the snow lay two feet deep .
they liked him even less when they [found out] he hated playing rugby , especially on cold winter mornings when the ground was as hard as concrete and the snow lay two feet deep .

Endill discovered Mould slept in Slugs , the coldest dorm in the school .
endill [found out] mould slept in slugs , the coldest dorm in the school .

When one of his blackboards fell onto his foot because Endill had taken the screws from it , he refused to let the class leave until he had discovered the culprit .
when one of his blackboards fell onto his foot because endill had taken the screws from it , he refused to let the class leave until he had [found out] the culprit .

Not all the rooms he discovered were filled with strange objects .
not all the rooms he [found out] were filled with strange objects .

He showed Wednesday a few of his favourites , including the old workshop , the small room with the cutlery stuck into the walls and the one he had discovered the week before with a huge oak tree growing through the floor .
he showed wednesday a few of his favourites , including the old workshop , the small room with the cutlery stuck into the walls and the one he had [found out] the week before with a huge oak tree growing through the floor .

If the Headmaster had discovered he had been friends with the Bookman all along , he was in deep , deep trouble .
if the headmaster had [found out] he had been friends with the bookman all along , he was in deep , deep trouble .

Corfu , with its long sandy beaches , clear blue water and verdant mountain backdrop was one of the first places in Greece to be ‘ discovered ’ .
corfu , with its long sandy beaches , clear blue water and verdant mountain backdrop was one of the first places in greece to be ‘ [found out] ’ .

Club cruises start at a remarkably low price from Corfu or Rhodes with itineraries that take you to some of the most idyllic of the Greek islands . Take this opportunity to explore these beautiful and varied islands that are waiting to be discovered !
club cruises start at a remarkably low price from corfu or rhodes with itineraries that take you to some of the most idyllic of the greek islands . take this opportunity to explore these beautiful and varied islands that are waiting to be [found out] !

Nothing is known about the flora and vegetation of the Outer Hebrides in any previous interglacials , as no unambiguous interglacial deposits have , so far , been discovered .
nothing is known about the flora and vegetation of the outer hebrides in any previous interglacials , as no unambiguous interglacial deposits have , so far , been [found out] .

Chambers Dictionary defines cryptogams as a ‘ class of flowerless plants so named by Linnaeus in the expectation that sexual reproduction would one day be discovered ’ .
chambers dictionary defines cryptogams as a ‘ class of flowerless plants so named by linnaeus in the expectation that sexual reproduction would one day be [found out] ’ .

We discovered the trick of working two watches together — 4 p.m. till midnight and midnight till 9 a.m. , and then taking the morning train to Scotland .
we [found out] the trick of working two watches together — 4 p.m. till midnight and midnight till 9 a.m. , and then taking the morning train to scotland .

Our landlady , a Mrs Brown , seemed pleasant and reasonable , and we were still contented to be in Bedford , although we had discovered that there was one disadvantage — the Americans .
our landlady , a mrs brown , seemed pleasant and reasonable , and we were still contented to be in bedford , although we had [found out] that there was one disadvantage — the americans .

It was discovered at the earlier date that the remains of an impressive Roman villa straddled the course boundary .
it was [found out] at the earlier date that the remains of an impressive roman villa straddled the course boundary .

Solitary feeding also has its cost , since the animal can not then locate food by congregating at food sites discovered by others .
solitary feeding also has its cost , since the animal can not then locate food by congregating at food sites [found out] by others .

One way of using it , as we have already discovered , is to treat the pain of a funeral gathering as a technical exercise .
one way of using it , as we have already [found out] , is to treat the pain of a funeral gathering as a technical exercise .

In looking , therefore , for a possible performance element within the dramatic playing mode we discovered that a certain heightened form of dramatic playing , which we labelled presentation , occurred when a significant contribution by a participant was communicated by words and gestures achieving a shared public meaning .
in looking , therefore , for a possible performance element within the dramatic playing mode we [found out] that a certain heightened form of dramatic playing , which we labelled presentation , occurred when a significant contribution by a participant was communicated by words and gestures achieving a shared public meaning .

It was in the course of researching our customers ' needs that we discovered how surprisingly few families have adequate life insurance .
it was in the course of researching our customers ' needs that we [found out] how surprisingly few families have adequate life insurance .

By now you should have discovered whether you are predominantly left or right-brained , thought about developing your creativity and learned about the influences on your mind and how to quieten it .
by now you should have [found out] whether you are predominantly left or right-brained , thought about developing your creativity and learned about the influences on your mind and how to quieten it .

Species not yet discovered could hold the answer to world hunger .
species not yet [found out] could hold the answer to world hunger .

Anti-leukaemia and other drugs were only discovered when scientists talked to forest tribes .
anti-leukaemia and other drugs were only [found out] when scientists talked to forest tribes .

The criticism hurt , but it was from encounters like this that Charles discovered what his position as Prince of Wales was all about .
the criticism hurt , but it was from encounters like this that charles [found out] what his position as prince of wales was all about .

Once again , however , he discovered he had struck a chord with ordinary people , people who had felt they were unfit to pass judgement on modern buildings because they lacked the qualifications .
once again , however , he [found out] he had struck a chord with ordinary people , people who had felt they were unfit to pass judgement on modern buildings because they lacked the qualifications .

He discovered in the weeks and months that passed a real passion ; a task that was not only deeply therapeutic , but one that he also found he could do rather well .
he [found out] in the weeks and months that passed a real passion ; a task that was not only deeply therapeutic , but one that he also found he could do rather well .

The Royal family are country people , their interests and off-duty activities are all to do with the countryside , and the Prince always had a good knowledge of its workings ; but it was not until after he became chairman of the steering committee for Wales that he discovered the danger it was in .
the royal family are country people , their interests and off-duty activities are all to do with the countryside , and the prince always had a good knowledge of its workings ; but it was not until after he became chairman of the steering committee for wales that he [found out] the danger it was in .

He discovered that night , in what has been called his ‘ Luftwaffe ’ speech , that his was not a voice in the wilderness ; instead , he was speaking for the man on the Clapham omnibus .
he [found out] that night , in what has been called his ‘ luftwaffe ’ speech , that his was not a voice in the wilderness ; instead , he was speaking for the man on the clapham omnibus .

She prefers the auditorium , even when she is there in an official capacity , as John Young , chairman of the National Hospital , discovered to his dismay .
she prefers the auditorium , even when she is there in an official capacity , as john young , chairman of the national hospital , [found out] to his dismay .

An archivist digging through the files had discovered a collection of fascinating links between the hospital and the Royal family since Queen Victoria became its patron in 1852 .
an archivist digging through the files had [found out] a collection of fascinating links between the hospital and the royal family since queen victoria became its patron in 1852 .

The Royal Marsden Hospital , the country 's leading cancer hospital , discovered this very early on .
the royal marsden hospital , the country 's leading cancer hospital , [found out] this very early on .

Auditors checking Department of Energy accounts have discovered that the ministry wrote off £9.54 million spent on research which had to be cancelled following nuclear research cuts and plans for electricity privatisation .
auditors checking department of energy accounts have [found out] that the ministry wrote off £9.54 million spent on research which had to be cancelled following nuclear research cuts and plans for electricity privatisation .

Probably the hairdresser and the client , as Sally Moulsdale discovered .
probably the hairdresser and the client , as sally moulsdale [found out] .

But now that the Nineties are in full swing , has anyone out there discovered that the phones have stopped jangling , their Filofax is miraculously blank , or the traffic clogging our roads has withered to a trickle ?
but now that the nineties are in full swing , has anyone out there [found out] that the phones have stopped jangling , their filofax is miraculously blank , or the traffic clogging our roads has withered to a trickle ?

Once dry rot has been discovered , the only remedy is extermination of the fungus together with the rectification of the unhealthy conditions which invited the attack .
once dry rot has been [found out] , the only remedy is extermination of the fungus together with the rectification of the unhealthy conditions which invited the attack .

The full extent of the attack must be discovered in order to assess its severity .
the full extent of the attack must be [found out] in order to assess its severity .

Guambia 's historical claim on the island has become more significant since oil was discovered , and the main reason for the invasion is economic .
guambia 's historical claim on the island has become more significant since oil was [found out] , and the main reason for the invasion is economic .

For the pupils ( to keep to the same example ) , it is one gloriously stimulating hour in which they have the chance to pour out all that they have felt and discovered about The Prelude .
for the pupils ( to keep to the same example ) , it is one gloriously stimulating hour in which they have the chance to pour out all that they have felt and [found out] about the prelude .

Coghill felt that he had discovered a ‘ considerable poem ’ by ‘ a powerful new poet ’ ( though ‘ in the Masefield tradition ’ ) , and he wrote back to Lewis in adulatory terms .
coghill felt that he had [found out] a ‘ considerable poem ’ by ‘ a powerful new poet ’ ( though ‘ in the masefield tradition ’ ) , and he wrote back to lewis in adulatory terms .

Upon investigation , it was discovered that her Askins inheritance , held in trust , enabled her to have a mortgage of just £1,500 .
upon investigation , it was [found out] that her askins inheritance , held in trust , enabled her to have a mortgage of just £1,500 .

There is no doubt that until he discovered this clothing ( be it artificial carapace or ‘ the whole armour of God ’ ) , Lewis was only half-formed as a writer , as a literary imagination , perhaps as a person .
there is no doubt that until he [found out] this clothing ( be it artificial carapace or ‘ the whole armour of god ’ ) , lewis was only half-formed as a writer , as a literary imagination , perhaps as a person .

What he discovered in his ‘ regress ’ was that all these things were echoes of the heavenly places .
what he [found out] in his ‘ regress ’ was that all these things were echoes of the heavenly places .

But different as they were in appearance , temperament and background , they discovered in common a strong belief in the absolute reality of the supernatural world .
but different as they were in appearance , temperament and background , they [found out] in common a strong belief in the absolute reality of the supernatural world .

In only a very few pages , we have left the twentieth century far behind and discovered that these two descend from the Lombardic heroes mentioned in the Old English poem Widsith ( Aelfwin and Eadwin ) ; and since Aelfvin means ‘ Elf-friend ’ , we are not surprised to find ourselves drifting further back to the times when elves still walked the earth , before Numenor ( the Atlantis of the Tolkien mythology ) had sunk beneath the waves .
in only a very few pages , we have left the twentieth century far behind and [found out] that these two descend from the lombardic heroes mentioned in the old english poem widsith ( aelfwin and eadwin ) ; and since aelfvin means ‘ elf-friend ’ , we are not surprised to find ourselves drifting further back to the times when elves still walked the earth , before numenor ( the atlantis of the tolkien mythology ) had sunk beneath the waves .

We found some people who are just mad about hats and discovered why they like their favourite headgear .
we found some people who are just mad about hats and [found out] why they like their favourite headgear .

But women would never be equal , he reflected , pleased to have discovered a new profundity , until the day came when men stopped thinking it natural that their wives should always have the smaller car .
but women would never be equal , he reflected , pleased to have [found out] a new profundity , until the day came when men stopped thinking it natural that their wives should always have the smaller car .

Another group of researchers , this time in Sweden , has discovered that this protective effect does n't only last for as long as the baby is breastfed .
another group of researchers , this time in sweden , has [found out] that this protective effect does n't only last for as long as the baby is breastfed .

About 4lb of Semtex was discovered rolled up and primed in a prison lavatory .
about 4lb of semtex was [found out] rolled up and primed in a prison lavatory .

Miss Burns said : ‘ He discovered the victim and another apparently burgling room six . ’
miss burns said : ‘ he [found out] the victim and another apparently burgling room six . ’

Avon and Somerset Police , concerned by the growing number of officers taking sick leave due to back trouble , discovered in the survey that 15 per cent of the ricked backs were caused or aggravated by sitting in police vans and personnel carriers .
avon and somerset police , concerned by the growing number of officers taking sick leave due to back trouble , [found out] in the survey that 15 per cent of the ricked backs were caused or aggravated by sitting in police vans and personnel carriers .

The task force was set up after detectives discovered that some of the money had been used to finance drugs and property dealing in the United States and even invested in London 's Docklands , realising millions of pounds in profits .
the task force was set up after detectives [found out] that some of the money had been used to finance drugs and property dealing in the united states and even invested in london 's docklands , realising millions of pounds in profits .

Its three illustrated volumes of 60 to 100 pages have sold 70 copies each , and a supplement of 200 newly discovered grips is due out at Christmas .
its three illustrated volumes of 60 to 100 pages have sold 70 copies each , and a supplement of 200 newly [found out] grips is due out at christmas .

In recent years the British Government has attempted to extradite terrorist suspects from Belgium and The Netherlands after they had been discovered by British intelligence .
in recent years the british government has attempted to extradite terrorist suspects from belgium and the netherlands after they had been [found out] by british intelligence .

She has been discovered by the feminists , who have rescued her from being seen as a minor pastoralist ; but in certain cases , they have also subject her to psycho-symbolic sexual analysis which she would have loathed , or blamed her for not having cared more for sexual politics or stood out for lesbian sexuality .
she has been [found out] by the feminists , who have rescued her from being seen as a minor pastoralist ; but in certain cases , they have also subject her to psycho-symbolic sexual analysis which she would have loathed , or blamed her for not having cared more for sexual politics or stood out for lesbian sexuality .

It was later compounded by the fall-out from a family explosion : on Roger Ackerley 's death in 1929 the son discovered that , first , his father had been maintaining a separate menage and that , second , the money had run out .
it was later compounded by the fall-out from a family explosion : on roger ackerley 's death in 1929 the son [found out] that , first , his father had been maintaining a separate menage and that , second , the money had run out .

He also insisted on the re-use of bar fittings discovered during demolition , and these now grace the offices of the Housing Association which occupy part of the site .
he also insisted on the re-use of bar fittings [found out] during demolition , and these now grace the offices of the housing association which occupy part of the site .

In Stockholm , denied Bryan Robson , they discovered that Steve McMahon has genuine potential .
in stockholm , denied bryan robson , they [found out] that steve mcmahon has genuine potential .

This writing was discovered by her ; she read some material before her visit , which prepared her a little for what she would see .
this writing was [found out] by her ; she read some material before her visit , which prepared her a little for what she would see .

‘ Saturn is the planet of melancholics , and Renaissance philosophers discovered that the emancipated artists of their time should have the characteristics of the Saturnine temperament ; they were contemplative , meditating , brooding , solitary , creative .
‘ saturn is the planet of melancholics , and renaissance philosophers [found out] that the emancipated artists of their time should have the characteristics of the saturnine temperament ; they were contemplative , meditating , brooding , solitary , creative .

Comparable ideas about artists can be discovered in other cultures , but also very different views .
comparable ideas about artists can be [found out] in other cultures , but also very different views .

Museums are at an advantage in making close examination of works in their own collections showing evidence about a picture , say , which can only be discovered by the newest scientific and technological methods .
museums are at an advantage in making close examination of works in their own collections showing evidence about a picture , say , which can only be [found out] by the newest scientific and technological methods .

’ More than that , it was ‘ one of the most important classical art forgeries ever discovered ’ .
’ more than that , it was ‘ one of the most important classical art forgeries ever [found out] ’ .

There are some aspects of a work of art which can be measured , for example its size , natural or chemical composition , and some facts can be discovered about works through specialist techniques such as infra-red photography .
there are some aspects of a work of art which can be measured , for example its size , natural or chemical composition , and some facts can be [found out] about works through specialist techniques such as infra-red photography .

‘ How come you discovered the money at that particular moment ? ’
‘ how come you [found out] the money at that particular moment ? ’

That self now needed to be discovered — but where ?
that self now needed to be [found out] — but where ?

The problem is usually discovered only when the threads of the device can not be detected in the vagina .
the problem is usually [found out] only when the threads of the device can not be detected in the vagina .

Many of these deaths could have been prevented if the disease had been discovered earlier .
many of these deaths could have been prevented if the disease had been [found out] earlier .

It is more common in older women but , if the small changes are discovered early , there is a better chance of a successful recovery — and less likelihood of serious surgery .
it is more common in older women but , if the small changes are [found out] early , there is a better chance of a successful recovery — and less likelihood of serious surgery .

Polish scientists have discovered that compounds in the roots and foliage of creeping thistle can prevent seed germination and inhibit root growth in other plants .
polish scientists have [found out] that compounds in the roots and foliage of creeping thistle can prevent seed germination and inhibit root growth in other plants .

She wanted to co-ordinate an article about trees and pollution and Jay and Francis had discovered a photographer who only did trees and did them brilliantly .
she wanted to co-ordinate an article about trees and pollution and jay and francis had [found out] a photographer who only did trees and did them brilliantly .

Most private owners discovered the use of a tail and wing-tip dolly a long time ago , making it possible to tow out with a car single-handedly on most days .
most private owners [found out] the use of a tail and wing-tip dolly a long time ago , making it possible to tow out with a car single-handedly on most days .

Already drawn to poetic vision and utterance , Leonard discovered this world for himself , cutting the virgin edges of the books which his father had left uncut for 40-plus years .
already drawn to poetic vision and utterance , leonard [found out] this world for himself , cutting the virgin edges of the books which his father had left uncut for 40-plus years .

by no means the first place to be discovered , it soon established itself as a maritime port of central importance to Canada 's growing economy ; though it commenced as a Jesuit mission-place , which explains its ethereal qualities .
by no means the first place to be [found out] , it soon established itself as a maritime port of central importance to canada 's growing economy ; though it commenced as a jesuit mission-place , which explains its ethereal qualities .

Here Leonard discovered the Greek way of life — its alternating rhythms of work and leisure , both on the seasonal and the daily basis , which are so conducive to creative thought and achievement .
here leonard [found out] the greek way of life — its alternating rhythms of work and leisure , both on the seasonal and the daily basis , which are so conducive to creative thought and achievement .

However , if you receive a groin kick and it is discovered that you are not wearing a guard , then you will automatically be disqualified , regardless of whose fault the low kick was !
however , if you receive a groin kick and it is [found out] that you are not wearing a guard , then you will automatically be disqualified , regardless of whose fault the low kick was !

Imagine mother 's distress when she discovered there was no such thing !
imagine mother 's distress when she [found out] there was no such thing !

She went to find her husband , and discovered him still laughing and ducking the tomato barrage , naked from the waist up but liberally coated with a kind of raw ketchup .
she went to find her husband , and [found out] him still laughing and ducking the tomato barrage , naked from the waist up but liberally coated with a kind of raw ketchup .

Had he discovered it , or was she afraid he would ?
had he [found out] it , or was she afraid he would ?

That order was eventually discovered in the teachings of Christianity .
that order was eventually [found out] in the teachings of christianity .

’ Jaromil has discovered that writing can be what reading has familiarly been for the ordinary person : an escape , a shelter , a door to the alternative self .
’ jaromil has [found out] that writing can be what reading has familiarly been for the ordinary person : an escape , a shelter , a door to the alternative self .

As did the author of the book , who is a painter and who was then at the Slade , she discovered , he tells us , that ‘ the people with the beautiful faces were also , mysteriously , the ones it was most fun to be with ’ .
as did the author of the book , who is a painter and who was then at the slade , she [found out] , he tells us , that ‘ the people with the beautiful faces were also , mysteriously , the ones it was most fun to be with ’ .

The advice from the group once again raised the sensitive issue of employing staff who admit to being , or are discovered to be infected .
the advice from the group once again raised the sensitive issue of employing staff who admit to being , or are [found out] to be infected .

Teddy Bears may not be the most active models , but their nuances of age make reproduction in wood a challenge , as George Brownlee discovered when he carved this award-winning piece . Eva Schweitzer reports
teddy bears may not be the most active models , but their nuances of age make reproduction in wood a challenge , as george brownlee [found out] when he carved this award-winning piece . eva schweitzer reports

She stepped forward and discovered , sitting at a desk which stood the right way up , a small dark man .
she stepped forward and [found out] , sitting at a desk which stood the right way up , a small dark man .

The explanation of this furrow was discovered in the 1960s and restored the reputation of a German geophysicist who proposed a hypothesis which most people disregarded .
the explanation of this furrow was [found out] in the 1960s and restored the reputation of a german geophysicist who proposed a hypothesis which most people disregarded .

This is the point of view of one novice who discovered that diving offers much more than a free lunch , but should never be taken without tissues .
this is the point of view of one novice who [found out] that diving offers much more than a free lunch , but should never be taken without tissues .

In the nick of time , they discovered her in a state of hapless stage fright .
in the nick of time , they [found out] her in a state of hapless stage fright .

‘ As far as we were concerned those are the sessions which got us excited in the first place and apparently it was how a lot of people discovered us also . ’
‘ as far as we were concerned those are the sessions which got us excited in the first place and apparently it was how a lot of people [found out] us also . ’

Like many distance runners in the eighties , Solly experimented with altitude training , and discovered too late that it takes more than thin air to do the trick .
like many distance runners in the eighties , solly experimented with altitude training , and [found out] too late that it takes more than thin air to do the trick .

If forms of life exist whose chemistry is based on silicon rather than carbon , or ammonia rather than water , if creatures are discovered that boil to death at — 100 degrees centigrade , if a form of life is found that is not based on chemistry at all but on electronic reverberating circuits , will there still be any general principle that is true of all life ?
if forms of life exist whose chemistry is based on silicon rather than carbon , or ammonia rather than water , if creatures are [found out] that boil to death at — 100 degrees centigrade , if a form of life is found that is not based on chemistry at all but on electronic reverberating circuits , will there still be any general principle that is true of all life ?

Gradually , more and more elaborate ways of being a good replicator are discovered .
gradually , more and more elaborate ways of being a good replicator are [found out] .

He discovered that all his desires were related to the need we all have for God himself — not just for a mother 's love or for some other intense childhood need .
he [found out] that all his desires were related to the need we all have for god himself — not just for a mother 's love or for some other intense childhood need .

He soon discovered where they were , lifting the curious secrecy in which the Book ( to the annoyance of the Times Educational Supplement ) had been shrouded in the hope of achieving a ‘ reform representing the whole English character ’ .
he soon [found out] where they were , lifting the curious secrecy in which the book ( to the annoyance of the times educational supplement ) had been shrouded in the hope of achieving a ‘ reform representing the whole english character ’ .

The National Land Fund , we discovered from a reluctant Treasury press officer , stood at £17 million , but the income from the capital was subject to an expenditure ceiling of £2 million divided equally between the Department of the Environment and the Department of Education and Science .
the national land fund , we [found out] from a reluctant treasury press officer , stood at £17 million , but the income from the capital was subject to an expenditure ceiling of £2 million divided equally between the department of the environment and the department of education and science .

He showed us the research he had begun in Pembrokeshire , and we were so amazed at what he had discovered that we encouraged him to continue all over Wales .
he showed us the research he had begun in pembrokeshire , and we were so amazed at what he had [found out] that we encouraged him to continue all over wales .

The work progressed well until it was discovered that the original iron braces inserted into the stonework by Scott had rusted very badly and expanded several inches , forcing the stonework upwards .
the work progressed well until it was [found out] that the original iron braces inserted into the stonework by scott had rusted very badly and expanded several inches , forcing the stonework upwards .

Here 's what he discovered this month .
here 's what he [found out] this month .

In both , ‘ irrationality ’ — in the form of authorial personality , unconscious contradiction or excess — is discovered as negation at the heart of the commercial and purposeful rationality of capitalist production and bourgeois ideology .
in both , ‘ irrationality ’ — in the form of authorial personality , unconscious contradiction or excess — is [found out] as negation at the heart of the commercial and purposeful rationality of capitalist production and bourgeois ideology .

It is widely believed that penicillin , a substance obtained from moulds of the family called Penicillium , was discovered by Sir Alexander Fleming at St. Mary 's Hospital in London .
it is widely believed that penicillin , a substance obtained from moulds of the family called penicillium , was [found out] by sir alexander fleming at st. mary 's hospital in london .

In 1921 he discovered a substance which he named lysozyme .
in 1921 he [found out] a substance which he named lysozyme .

He obtained a sample of the mould from Fleming , and discovered that it had been incorrectly identified .
he obtained a sample of the mould from fleming , and [found out] that it had been incorrectly identified .

The next antibiotic to be discovered , streptomycin , was of great value because it attacked microbes which were insensitive to penicillin , especially those which caused tuberculosis .
the next antibiotic to be [found out] , streptomycin , was of great value because it attacked microbes which were insensitive to penicillin , especially those which caused tuberculosis .

Later other drugs were discovered which mitigated this handicap .
later other drugs were [found out] which mitigated this handicap .

Little was known in English-speaking countries about the new synthetic drugs ( see Chapter 8 ) discovered in Germany in the 1920s and 1930s .
little was known in english-speaking countries about the new synthetic drugs ( see chapter 8 ) [found out] in germany in the 1920s and 1930s .

Since this time much progress has been made in understanding the biology of plasmodia and new antimalarial drugs have been discovered .
since this time much progress has been made in understanding the biology of plasmodia and new antimalarial drugs have been [found out] .

Several more drugs have been discovered , though their activity is limited by their toxicity .
several more drugs have been [found out] , though their activity is limited by their toxicity .

New synthetic chemicals and new antibiotics have been discovered and brought into use , but at present ( 1990 ) it does not seem likely that tuberculosis will be eradicated simply by the discovery of effective drugs .
new synthetic chemicals and new antibiotics have been [found out] and brought into use , but at present ( 1990 ) it does not seem likely that tuberculosis will be eradicated simply by the discovery of effective drugs .

What would have happened if penicillin had not been discovered , or if years of patient research had failed to explain why sulphonamides acted only on a limited selection of microbes ? Would the idea of drugs useful against germs once again have faded into obscurity ? Would many firms in the pharmaceutical industry have expended large resources in the pursuit of moulds which might produce useful drugs ? Would streptomycin have become available if the example of penicillin had not given impetus to its investigation ? And if there had been no synthetic drugs to control the resistant strains , would the decline of streptomycin have been taken to prove that antibiotics were a waste of time because organisms adapted to them too easily ?
what would have happened if penicillin had not been [found out] , or if years of patient research had failed to explain why sulphonamides acted only on a limited selection of microbes ? would the idea of drugs useful against germs once again have faded into obscurity ? would many firms in the pharmaceutical industry have expended large resources in the pursuit of moulds which might produce useful drugs ? would streptomycin have become available if the example of penicillin had not given impetus to its investigation ? and if there had been no synthetic drugs to control the resistant strains , would the decline of streptomycin have been taken to prove that antibiotics were a waste of time because organisms adapted to them too easily ?

Lime juice was recognized ( though not widely established ) as preventive for scurvy , and cod liver oil for rickets long before specific nutritional deficiencies began to be understood or vitamins were discovered .
lime juice was recognized ( though not widely established ) as preventive for scurvy , and cod liver oil for rickets long before specific nutritional deficiencies began to be understood or vitamins were [found out] .

Soon afterwards radium , a considerably more powerful emitter of such rays , was discovered by Pierre and Marie Curie ( 1867–1934 ) .
soon afterwards radium , a considerably more powerful emitter of such rays , was [found out] by pierre and marie curie ( 1867–1934 ) .

Other varieties of cancer associated with radiation were discovered .
other varieties of cancer associated with radiation were [found out] .

It was discovered that the mothers of all the patients had taken the drug diethylstilboestrol during the first 3 months of their pregnancies .
it was [found out] that the mothers of all the patients had taken the drug diethylstilboestrol during the first 3 months of their pregnancies .

The first effective anticancer drug was discovered in this way .
the first effective anticancer drug was [found out] in this way .

As has been recorded in this chapter , the principal anti-cancer drugs have been discovered either as a by-product of military research financed by government or by research in the pharmaceutical industry , much of which had its roots in research not primarily concerned with cancer .
as has been recorded in this chapter , the principal anti-cancer drugs have been [found out] either as a by-product of military research financed by government or by research in the pharmaceutical industry , much of which had its roots in research not primarily concerned with cancer .

Acetylcholine , adrenaline , and other hormones with both general and local effects , were originally discovered ( see chapters 4 and 5 ) by examining extracts of tissues of the body for substances which showed physiological effects .
acetylcholine , adrenaline , and other hormones with both general and local effects , were originally [found out] ( see chapters 4 and 5 ) by examining extracts of tissues of the body for substances which showed physiological effects .

For example , a substance which lowered the blood pressure was first discovered in 1934 in extracts of the prostate gland and in semen .
for example , a substance which lowered the blood pressure was first [found out] in 1934 in extracts of the prostate gland and in semen .

Substances that blocked the actions of histamine were discovered from the late 1930s onwards , and by the end of the 1940s were well known as ‘ antihistamines ’ .
substances that blocked the actions of histamine were [found out] from the late 1930s onwards , and by the end of the 1940s were well known as ‘ antihistamines ’ .

When substances were discovered which did block these actions a second histamine receptor was postulated and the search began for clinically acceptable drugs .
when substances were [found out] which did block these actions a second histamine receptor was postulated and the search began for clinically acceptable drugs .

Their work culminated in the drug Tagamet or cimetidine , soon widely adopted as the most effective remedy yet discovered for gastric overacidity and gastric and duodenal ulcers .
their work culminated in the drug tagamet or cimetidine , soon widely adopted as the most effective remedy yet [found out] for gastric overacidity and gastric and duodenal ulcers .

They were discovered in a search for diuretics , i.e .
they were [found out] in a search for diuretics , i.e .

Clinical measurements were becoming popular about this time , and many interesting things were being discovered as a result of this more quantitative approach .
clinical measurements were becoming popular about this time , and many interesting things were being [found out] as a result of this more quantitative approach .

At least four have been in use for so long that we have no idea when they were discovered .
at least four have been in use for so long that we have no idea when they were [found out] .

Alcohol is the most widespread drug in use and was probably the first to be discovered .
alcohol is the most widespread drug in use and was probably the first to be [found out] .

As was soon discovered , it acts rather like chlorpromazine , but it is slower to take effect .
as was soon [found out] , it acts rather like chlorpromazine , but it is slower to take effect .

Also , it was discovered that monoamine oxidase removed certain amines from the blood stream — amines derived from food , chemically related to adrenaline , and thus liable to raise the blood pressure .
also , it was [found out] that monoamine oxidase removed certain amines from the blood stream — amines derived from food , chemically related to adrenaline , and thus liable to raise the blood pressure .

Both the monoamine oxidase inhibitors and the tricyclics were discovered empirically , but they aroused great hopes that the chemical disturbances in the brains of depressed people might at last be understood .
both the monoamine oxidase inhibitors and the tricyclics were [found out] empirically , but they aroused great hopes that the chemical disturbances in the brains of depressed people might at last be understood .

Quite quickly it was discovered that the tricyclics prevented the re-uptake of amines liberated at nerve endings , so they too were capable of increasing local concentrations of amines .
quite quickly it was [found out] that the tricyclics prevented the re-uptake of amines liberated at nerve endings , so they too were capable of increasing local concentrations of amines .

The fact that a transmitter substance has been found does not mean that a new drug has been discovered .
the fact that a transmitter substance has been found does not mean that a new drug has been [found out] .

It is clear that all around the world , Rottweilers seem to have been discovered all at the same time .
it is clear that all around the world , rottweilers seem to have been [found out] all at the same time .

On arrival , the various Commandos were billeted in camps along the Suez Canal and discovered that their mission had been overtaken by events .
on arrival , the various commandos were billeted in camps along the suez canal and [found out] that their mission had been overtaken by events .

He had tasted action in a raid along the Litani river in Syria against Vichy French forces in June 1941 but when Stirling went to interview him he discovered that Paddy was under close arrest for striking his commanding officer in the mess .
he had tasted action in a raid along the litani river in syria against vichy french forces in june 1941 but when stirling went to interview him he [found out] that paddy was under close arrest for striking his commanding officer in the mess .

Arriving at Agheila they discovered that all the aircraft based there left at night , so something else had to be improvised .
arriving at agheila they [found out] that all the aircraft based there left at night , so something else had to be improvised .

Moving cautiously in among the buildings by the waterfront , they discovered that there were no guards whatsoever .
moving cautiously in among the buildings by the waterfront , they [found out] that there were no guards whatsoever .

There was uproar when the Navy discovered the mines and Stirling had to own up , only to be told that they often dropped small depth charges at random into the harbour and if they saw anything suspicious sprayed the area with machine guns .
there was uproar when the navy [found out] the mines and stirling had to own up , only to be told that they often dropped small depth charges at random into the harbour and if they saw anything suspicious sprayed the area with machine guns .

Fitzroy Maclean spoke to them and discovered that they were not at all suspicious .
fitzroy maclean spoke to them and [found out] that they were not at all suspicious .

Casting around they discovered a deserted building with a garage attached .
casting around they [found out] a deserted building with a garage attached .

He and Cooper then set off to get the other boat , which they discovered to their fury was also defective .
he and cooper then set off to get the other boat , which they [found out] to their fury was also defective .

Corporal Rose had tried to fix the car but discovered a bent track rod end which was beyond his capabilities .
corporal rose had tried to fix the car but [found out] a bent track rod end which was beyond his capabilities .

What is not in dispute is that a new method of attack was discovered that night .
what is not in dispute is that a new method of attack was [found out] that night .

It was only later that they discovered that the mysterious column , which in the heat haze had looked like twenty-five Lancia trucks , had in fact been Timpson 's patrol .
it was only later that they [found out] that the mysterious column , which in the heat haze had looked like twenty-five lancia trucks , had in fact been timpson 's patrol .

It had been discovered that the airfield at Sidi Haneish , near Fuka , was in constant use and full of aircraft .
it had been [found out] that the airfield at sidi haneish , near fuka , was in constant use and full of aircraft .

He discovered that he was being hoist with his own petard .
he [found out] that he was being hoist with his own petard .

They set out at dusk on 13 September and soon discovered that they were in the wrong wadi .
they set out at dusk on 13 september and soon [found out] that they were in the wrong wadi .

The Problem Discovered
the problem [found out]

It was discarded when shelving had to be cleared away from a wall on which a mural had been discovered after being painted over in the Stalinist era when the artist who created it had fallen out of favour .
it was discarded when shelving had to be cleared away from a wall on which a mural had been [found out] after being painted over in the stalinist era when the artist who created it had fallen out of favour .

She felt a little exposed and felt her way along until she discovered she was on a ledge .
she felt a little exposed and felt her way along until she [found out] she was on a ledge .

It was only when doing a post-mortem that they discovered the two small puncture marks side by side on her left buttock .
it was only when doing a post-mortem that they [found out] the two small puncture marks side by side on her left buttock .

The hospital would ring him in the morning to warn him of what they had discovered of Mrs Popple 's death upon doing the post-mortem .
the hospital would ring him in the morning to warn him of what they had [found out] of mrs popple 's death upon doing the post-mortem .

Police discovered a radio-cassette converted into a bomb hidden in one of the group 's cars .
police [found out] a radio-cassette converted into a bomb hidden in one of the group 's cars .

The team have also discovered six species of fly never previously recorded in Britain and more than 100 other species of invertebrates including beetles , plant bugs and spiders never before found in Wales from the study of 120 peatland sites .
the team have also [found out] six species of fly never previously recorded in britain and more than 100 other species of invertebrates including beetles , plant bugs and spiders never before found in wales from the study of 120 peatland sites .

They had to retrace their steps to pick it up again , while a second team discovered that neither a policeman nor the Council knew where the Local Authority parcels office was .
they had to retrace their steps to pick it up again , while a second team [found out] that neither a policeman nor the council knew where the local authority parcels office was .

One of the first tourists to venture into the former realm of King Zog was John Biffen , who soon discovered his fairly orthodox demeanor was regarded as offensively trendy by Albania 's time-warped Bolshevists .
one of the first tourists to venture into the former realm of king zog was john biffen , who soon [found out] his fairly orthodox demeanor was regarded as offensively trendy by albania 's time-warped bolshevists .

It was discovered that the five year contract he had signed with the right wing government three days before the general elections entitled him to £724,000 .
it was [found out] that the five year contract he had signed with the right wing government three days before the general elections entitled him to £724,000 .

Any printed material discovered which might be construed as dissent , or likely to encourage dissent , has routinely been seized and those in possession imprisoned .
any printed material [found out] which might be construed as dissent , or likely to encourage dissent , has routinely been seized and those in possession imprisoned .

But he has also discovered that the Gorbachev magic has not worked in Romania as it has elsewhere in Eastern Europe .
but he has also [found out] that the gorbachev magic has not worked in romania as it has elsewhere in eastern europe .

After a while she discovered that she could hide comfortably behind the shelter of sobbing .
after a while she [found out] that she could hide comfortably behind the shelter of sobbing .

When he discovered their attention was not on him he went back to his books .
when he [found out] their attention was not on him he went back to his books .

Anglers discovered dead fish frozen into the Grand Union Canal when they arrived for a major match .
anglers [found out] dead fish frozen into the grand union canal when they arrived for a major match .

Windy conditions did n't stop the fish feeding at Long Load drainage channel at Martock in Somerset , as Matthew Lee discovered when he tempted a 5 lb 4 oz bream from the venue .
windy conditions did n't stop the fish feeding at long load drainage channel at martock in somerset , as matthew lee [found out] when he tempted a 5 lb 4 oz bream from the venue .

But soon he discovered that politicians were more interesting than colonels so he arranged his soldiers as though they were the House of Commons and made them harangue each other .
but soon he [found out] that politicians were more interesting than colonels so he arranged his soldiers as though they were the house of commons and made them harangue each other .

He discovered an unexpected gift which won boys ' respect .
he [found out] an unexpected gift which won boys ' respect .

At the school debating society he won a name ; and he quickly discovered a truth never discovered by some undergraduates nor even by some mature debaters , that you can not speak well unless you care .
at the school debating society he won a name ; and he quickly [found out] a truth never [found out] by some undergraduates nor even by some mature debaters , that you can not speak well unless you care .

He discovered about Liberal politics in Ireland , or Free Trade , or the League of Nations .
he [found out] about liberal politics in ireland , or free trade , or the league of nations .

He discovered to his astonishment that Frank now professed atheism .
he [found out] to his astonishment that frank now professed atheism .

He found that the rooms next door were occupied by Selwyn Lloyd , whom he discovered to be like himself a strong Liberal and with whom he was therefore soon friends .
he found that the rooms next door were occupied by selwyn lloyd , whom he [found out] to be like himself a strong liberal and with whom he was therefore soon friends .

He discovered that this did not happen .
he [found out] that this did not happen .

To his surprise , he discovered that what was needed to make a powerful political speech was not the same gift as that which was needed to make a powerful sermon .
to his surprise , he [found out] that what was needed to make a powerful political speech was not the same gift as that which was needed to make a powerful sermon .

He discovered that various kinds of audience needed various kinds of utterance .
he [found out] that various kinds of audience needed various kinds of utterance .

He discovered the virtues of the Gladstone Library at Hawarden near Chester , a residentiary library founded on the basis of Mr Gladstone 's own books .
he [found out] the virtues of the gladstone library at hawarden near chester , a residentiary library founded on the basis of mr gladstone 's own books .

The professor was asked out to preach in mining parishes ; and he discovered that , despite the views of the Bishop of Lincoln and the teenagers of St Benet 's that he was unintelligible in a pulpit , he could feel them hanging on his words .
the professor was asked out to preach in mining parishes ; and he [found out] that , despite the views of the bishop of lincoln and the teenagers of st benet 's that he was unintelligible in a pulpit , he could feel them hanging on his words .

By now he had discovered what archdeacons do , and did not have to do everything himself .
by now he had [found out] what archdeacons do , and did not have to do everything himself .

But this question was quickly resolved when it was discovered that Coggan much preferred moving to York and not London .
but this question was quickly resolved when it was [found out] that coggan much preferred moving to york and not london .

Dr Clarke has discovered a hitherto unreleased file on the Treasury response to public works in 1928–9 .
dr clarke has [found out] a hitherto unreleased file on the treasury response to public works in 1928–9 .

In explaining the sequence of thought which led Keynes to the General Theory , Dr Clarke has taken full advantage of recently discovered sources , including students ' notes of Keynes 's lectures at Cambridge .
in explaining the sequence of thought which led keynes to the general theory , dr clarke has taken full advantage of recently [found out] sources , including students ' notes of keynes 's lectures at cambridge .

When it was discovered that a member of the Immigration Department was in the National Front his seniors merely glossed over it , saying that he was not a permanent member and in any case it did not affect the way he carried out his duties .
when it was [found out] that a member of the immigration department was in the national front his seniors merely glossed over it , saying that he was not a permanent member and in any case it did not affect the way he carried out his duties .

One man was evicted when he was discovered to be carrying two small cans of paint .
one man was evicted when he was [found out] to be carrying two small cans of paint .

He discovered that learning could be a two-way process .
he [found out] that learning could be a two-way process .

He discovered , for example , that laboratory technicians at Fawley were carrying out chemical tests without really understanding what it was they were doing .
he [found out] , for example , that laboratory technicians at fawley were carrying out chemical tests without really understanding what it was they were doing .

Those societies survive and flourish which have discovered how to exploit its preservative effects while containing the destructive ones .
those societies survive and flourish which have [found out] how to exploit its preservative effects while containing the destructive ones .

’ When it is discovered that the combination of certain proportions of charcoal , sulphur and saltpetre produces disagreeable results , then there is no reason why the benefits of gunpowder should be restricted to China .
’ when it is [found out] that the combination of certain proportions of charcoal , sulphur and saltpetre produces disagreeable results , then there is no reason why the benefits of gunpowder should be restricted to china .

But someone discovered in China that you could put them together and it went off with a bang .
but someone [found out] in china that you could put them together and it went off with a bang .

It will be looked back upon by history as one of the remarkable achievements of the human spirit to have discovered how a very little violence can destroy the good conscience of the major institutions of society , and interchange the positions of sense and nonsense , right or wrong .
it will be looked back upon by history as one of the remarkable achievements of the human spirit to have [found out] how a very little violence can destroy the good conscience of the major institutions of society , and interchange the positions of sense and nonsense , right or wrong .

Our modern Munchhausen has , however , found a more remarkable mare 's nest still : he has discovered the ‘ false slogan , characteristic of a false era , that everyone is entitled to know everything ’ .
our modern munchhausen has , however , found a more remarkable mare 's nest still : he has [found out] the ‘ false slogan , characteristic of a false era , that everyone is entitled to know everything ’ .

In her capacity as a pedagogue , Krupskaia discovered a high proportion of illiterates among the factory workers of the Vyborg raion .
in her capacity as a pedagogue , krupskaia [found out] a high proportion of illiterates among the factory workers of the vyborg raion .

On entering one , he discovered a home-brew still which the owners broke up in a trice , handing the retort to Yakovlev ‘ as a trophy ’ .
on entering one , he [found out] a home-brew still which the owners broke up in a trice , handing the retort to yakovlev ‘ as a trophy ’ .

In the winter of 1921–2 an American relief organizer discovered several thousand Polish war refugees huddled in railway trucks at Orenburg , waiting to be repatriated .
in the winter of 1921–2 an american relief organizer [found out] several thousand polish war refugees huddled in railway trucks at orenburg , waiting to be repatriated .

Dzerzhinsky discovered 2,583 unused railway-trucks there ( some of them sent on from the Volga and dumped , as has been seen ) .
dzerzhinsky [found out] 2,583 unused railway-trucks there ( some of them sent on from the volga and dumped , as has been seen ) .

Nearly twenty years later Phoebe still found it hard to suppress a little vindictive chuckle at the looks of growing shock on Jim 's face -Jim and Lisa 's Jonathan and Sue 's Alan — when they discovered that their righteousness was not enough .
nearly twenty years later phoebe still found it hard to suppress a little vindictive chuckle at the looks of growing shock on jim 's face -jim and lisa 's jonathan and sue 's alan — when they [found out] that their righteousness was not enough .

Phoebe was good at looking into things , she discovered ; never brilliant , but perfectly competent .
phoebe was good at looking into things , she [found out] ; never brilliant , but perfectly competent .

The thought of being so discovered made her careful .
the thought of being so [found out] made her careful .

It says a great deal about the natural stupidity of tyrants that , having discovered that torture works extremely effectively in intellectual or political cases , they immediately assume that it will work as well in the inspiring of desire in young women .
it says a great deal about the natural stupidity of tyrants that , having [found out] that torture works extremely effectively in intellectual or political cases , they immediately assume that it will work as well in the inspiring of desire in young women .

the friars discovered that the Indians were deeply impressed by sacred images created with the newest artistic techniques brought from the Old World …
the friars [found out] that the indians were deeply impressed by sacred images created with the newest artistic techniques brought from the old world …

The Virgin has always been more popular than Christ in the New World ; indeed in the sixteenth century certain churchmen had argued that while the East was the domain of Christ , the newly discovered West was that of his mother .
the virgin has always been more popular than christ in the new world ; indeed in the sixteenth century certain churchmen had argued that while the east was the domain of christ , the newly [found out] west was that of his mother .

This network was so well developed that when Captain Hugh Clapperton ‘ discovered ’ Kano in 1824 he was able to obtain cash from a local merchant in return for a bill of exchange on the British consul at Tripoli .
this network was so well developed that when captain hugh clapperton ‘ [found out] ’ kano in 1824 he was able to obtain cash from a local merchant in return for a bill of exchange on the british consul at tripoli .

In the course of their researches , Les and Pam discovered that the Ministry of Defence ( Air ) had no list of Far East survivors nor even a complete list of those captured by the Japanese .
in the course of their researches , les and pam [found out] that the ministry of defence ( air ) had no list of far east survivors nor even a complete list of those captured by the japanese .

In increasingly bizarre circumstances the Attorney-General , Sir Patrick Mayhew , discovered that a letter of his , partially rebuking Heseltine , had been selectively leaked to the press without his permission or knowledge by a young female official in the Department of Trade , one Colette Bowe .
in increasingly bizarre circumstances the attorney-general , sir patrick mayhew , [found out] that a letter of his , partially rebuking heseltine , had been selectively leaked to the press without his permission or knowledge by a young female official in the department of trade , one colette bowe .

The following morning Mark discovered that the tree and a nearby wall had been demolished .
the following morning mark [found out] that the tree and a nearby wall had been demolished .

Fabricating a complex structure from them is a skilled and lengthy process , one that can be beyond even small , specialist marques — as Panther discovered with the ill-fated Solo .
fabricating a complex structure from them is a skilled and lengthy process , one that can be beyond even small , specialist marques — as panther [found out] with the ill-fated solo .

The mixture of religious vocabulary with philosophical ‘ idea/ reality ’ , and sexual vocabulary ( ‘ desire/ spasm ’ ) hopelessly rearrange the elements discovered at the roots of religion .
the mixture of religious vocabulary with philosophical ‘ idea/ reality ’ , and sexual vocabulary ( ‘ desire/ spasm ’ ) hopelessly rearrange the elements [found out] at the roots of religion .

All his probing to the roots of religion had discovered simply the bankruptcy of those roots , or at least their apparent irrelevance to the job of finding a meaning in modern life .
all his probing to the roots of religion had [found out] simply the bankruptcy of those roots , or at least their apparent irrelevance to the job of finding a meaning in modern life .

Such an oasis Sweeney had discovered , when he penetrated beyond the ‘ material , literal-minded and visionless ’ .
such an oasis sweeney had [found out] , when he penetrated beyond the ‘ material , literal-minded and visionless ’ .

This led him in 1935 to discuss a newly ‘ discovered ’ agricultural Papuan tribe , the description of whose civilization Eliot utilized to criticize what he saw as some of the indulgences of his own inorganic civilization during the unemployment of the thirties .
this led him in 1935 to discuss a newly ‘ [found out] ’ agricultural papuan tribe , the description of whose civilization eliot utilized to criticize what he saw as some of the indulgences of his own inorganic civilization during the unemployment of the thirties .

First , both theories suggest an eventual return of homosexuality : in the one ( psychoanalytic ) it is a psychic return of the repressed from within , in the other ( materialist ) a social or cultural return from without ; either an inner resurgence of desire through the breakdown of psychic repression , or the oppositional approach via the proximate of the demonized other from beyond , from the social margins where he or she has been discovered , constructed , displaced .
first , both theories suggest an eventual return of homosexuality : in the one ( psychoanalytic ) it is a psychic return of the repressed from within , in the other ( materialist ) a social or cultural return from without ; either an inner resurgence of desire through the breakdown of psychic repression , or the oppositional approach via the proximate of the demonized other from beyond , from the social margins where he or she has been [found out] , constructed , displaced .

Irigaray has discovered that phallic sexual theory , male sexual science , is homosexual , a sexuality of sames , of identities , excluding otherness .
irigaray has [found out] that phallic sexual theory , male sexual science , is homosexual , a sexuality of sames , of identities , excluding otherness .

In short , Irigaray had allegedly discovered ‘ the homosexual closed circuit … which underlies our supposed heterosexual culture ’ ( Gallop , Feminism and Psychoanalysis , 84 — 5 ) .
in short , irigaray had allegedly [found out] ‘ the homosexual closed circuit … which underlies our supposed heterosexual culture ’ ( gallop , feminism and psychoanalysis , 84 — 5 ) .

In ‘ The Psychogenesis of a Case of Homosexuality in a Woman ’ Freud announces a newly discovered ‘ cause ’ of homosexuality , what he calls ‘ retiring in favour of someone else ’ .
in ‘ the psychogenesis of a case of homosexuality in a woman ’ freud announces a newly [found out] ‘ cause ’ of homosexuality , what he calls ‘ retiring in favour of someone else ’ .

Silverman explores the way Lawrence 's homosexuality promotes an erotic identification which is itself crucial for his psychic participation in Arab nationalism ; of how , in effect , he discovered himself within the Other .
silverman explores the way lawrence 's homosexuality promotes an erotic identification which is itself crucial for his psychic participation in arab nationalism ; of how , in effect , he [found out] himself within the other .

Marx 's challenge to capitalism therefore took the general form of demonstrating the general forces which govern the history of man , and demonstrating how historical processes produce systems of institutions and ideas os such complexity that their origin can only be discovered with great theoretical effort and by examination of the historical evidence .
marx 's challenge to capitalism therefore took the general form of demonstrating the general forces which govern the history of man , and demonstrating how historical processes produce systems of institutions and ideas os such complexity that their origin can only be [found out] with great theoretical effort and by examination of the historical evidence .

It stands to reason that if one is claiming to have discovered universal historical laws these should apply to very different societies .
it stands to reason that if one is claiming to have [found out] universal historical laws these should apply to very different societies .

Engels , on the other hand , states in the preface to the first edition of The Origin that ‘ Morgan in his own way had discovered afresh in America the materialistic conception of history , discovered by Marx forty years ago , and in his comparison of barbarism and civilization it had led him , in the main points , to the same conclusions as Marx ' [ p. 71 ] .
engels , on the other hand , states in the preface to the first edition of the origin that ‘ morgan in his own way had [found out] afresh in america the materialistic conception of history , [found out] by marx forty years ago , and in his comparison of barbarism and civilization it had led him , in the main points , to the same conclusions as marx ' [ p. 71 ] .

After studying large numbers of systems of kinship terms and placing them in an evolutionary sequence , partly in terms of their characteristics , partly in terms of the technological level reached by the societies from which they originated , Morgan felt confident that he had discovered a governing tendency in the history of human marriage : as social evolution progressed , the number of legitimate sexual partners a man or a woman could have diminished progressively , finally producing monogamy — the permanent union of one man and one woman .
after studying large numbers of systems of kinship terms and placing them in an evolutionary sequence , partly in terms of their characteristics , partly in terms of the technological level reached by the societies from which they originated , morgan felt confident that he had [found out] a governing tendency in the history of human marriage : as social evolution progressed , the number of legitimate sexual partners a man or a woman could have diminished progressively , finally producing monogamy — the permanent union of one man and one woman .

The first stage however remains nothing more than an extrapolation from the overall pattern of evolution Morgan believed he had discovered .
the first stage however remains nothing more than an extrapolation from the overall pattern of evolution morgan believed he had [found out] .

Israeli archaeologists have also discovered two caves used by other Jewish anti-Roman activists , including a priest .
israeli archaeologists have also [found out] two caves used by other jewish anti-roman activists , including a priest .

Besides the First Century cave , the archaeologists have discovered a group of other man-made caverns believed to have been used by the Second Century anti-Roman Jewish rebel , Bar-Kokhba .
besides the first century cave , the archaeologists have [found out] a group of other man-made caverns believed to have been used by the second century anti-roman jewish rebel , bar-kokhba .

The compound was discovered when Jacqueline Doyle and Eugene Nixon of the Department of the Marine Fisheries Research Centre , Dublin , alerted Wright to an anomalous result found during routine monitoring of mussels from Bantry Bay , Ireland .
the compound was [found out] when jacqueline doyle and eugene nixon of the department of the marine fisheries research centre , dublin , alerted wright to an anomalous result found during routine monitoring of mussels from bantry bay , ireland .

This drug was discovered in the 1940s when it was found that the omission of certain fresh foods , including greens from the diet of chicks results in the development of ulcers .
this drug was [found out] in the 1940s when it was found that the omission of certain fresh foods , including greens from the diet of chicks results in the development of ulcers .

Joe Boyd 's career began in Princeton , New Jersey , when , as an 18-year-old , he discovered that Lonnie Johnson , the legendary blues guitarist , had been reduced to washing dishes in a Philadelphia hotel kitchen .
joe boyd 's career began in princeton , new jersey , when , as an 18-year-old , he [found out] that lonnie johnson , the legendary blues guitarist , had been reduced to washing dishes in a philadelphia hotel kitchen .

Hormone replacement pills are discovered in the bathroom cabinet , and Clara starts going bonkers as she realises that her husband wants a sex change .
hormone replacement pills are [found out] in the bathroom cabinet , and clara starts going bonkers as she realises that her husband wants a sex change .

Only one direct reference to this period has been discovered .
only one direct reference to this period has been [found out] .

Gilbert White was proud of his early cucumbers , cutting the first of 1753 on 5th April to take to his brother in London and when he discovered they were priced two shillings apiece in Town , arranged for a further thirteen to be conveyed on the coach from Selborne .
gilbert white was proud of his early cucumbers , cutting the first of 1753 on 5th april to take to his brother in london and when he [found out] they were priced two shillings apiece in town , arranged for a further thirteen to be conveyed on the coach from selborne .

Some of these trees have been discovered by Mr. John Bartram , growing on the north branch of the Susquehannah River .
some of these trees have been [found out] by mr. john bartram , growing on the north branch of the susquehannah river .

And of late years it has been used by the inhabitants of Virginia in many disorders , which are occasioned by thick , sizy blood ; so that the root of this plant , when its virtues are fully known , may become one of the most useful medicines yet discovered .
and of late years it has been used by the inhabitants of virginia in many disorders , which are occasioned by thick , sizy blood ; so that the root of this plant , when its virtues are fully known , may become one of the most useful medicines yet [found out] .

Their first white visitors , William Clark and Meriwether Lewis , who ‘ discovered ’ the tribe in 1805 , called them the Chopunnish .
their first white visitors , william clark and meriwether lewis , who ‘ [found out] ’ the tribe in 1805 , called them the chopunnish .

After battling through four-feet snow drifts , the soldiers discovered that Joseph was , in fact , peacefully visiting the Lapwai agency , some 100 miles from the imagined outrages .
after battling through four-feet snow drifts , the soldiers [found out] that joseph was , in fact , peacefully visiting the lapwai agency , some 100 miles from the imagined outrages .

Upon looking up , we discovered the Indians passing along the side of the cliff , where we thought a goat could not pass , much less an entire tribe of Indians , with all their impediments .
upon looking up , we [found out] the indians passing along the side of the cliff , where we thought a goat could not pass , much less an entire tribe of indians , with all their impediments .

It was discovered that , under about thirty feet of vegetable loam , there existed one of the most fascinating graveyards , containing the remains of early animals which had hunted , fed and drank in the swamps .
it was [found out] that , under about thirty feet of vegetable loam , there existed one of the most fascinating graveyards , containing the remains of early animals which had hunted , fed and drank in the swamps .

Captain Cook discovered New South Wales in 1770 and in that same year , hack in Britain , Lord North became Prime Minister but strong opposition by Colonialists in America to the imposition of tea-tax , developed in 1773 , which led to the Boston Harbour incident in the following year , and eventually to the American War of Independence which lasted from 1775 to 1782 .
captain cook [found out] new south wales in 1770 and in that same year , hack in britain , lord north became prime minister but strong opposition by colonialists in america to the imposition of tea-tax , developed in 1773 , which led to the boston harbour incident in the following year , and eventually to the american war of independence which lasted from 1775 to 1782 .

Lord Carnarvon discovered the treasures in the tomb of King Tutankhamen , near Luxor , in Egypt during that year of 1922 .
lord carnarvon [found out] the treasures in the tomb of king tutankhamen , near luxor , in egypt during that year of 1922 .

Understandably , no-one had any idea what had happened in Chiswick , but the truth was soon discovered and , on this occasion , there appeared to be no defence , apart from locating the places from whence they were being fired and subject the launch sites to intensive bombing .
understandably , no-one had any idea what had happened in chiswick , but the truth was soon [found out] and , on this occasion , there appeared to be no defence , apart from locating the places from whence they were being fired and subject the launch sites to intensive bombing .

It was discovered , in 1956 , that the population of the Irish Free State was only 2.9 million , whereas it had been three million in 1936 .
it was [found out] , in 1956 , that the population of the irish free state was only 2.9 million , whereas it had been three million in 1936 .

Due to the greater degree of nationalisation which had taken place throughout Western Europe since the end of the war , it was discovered , in 1960 , that approximately forty per cent of the labour force was employed by the various governments .
due to the greater degree of nationalisation which had taken place throughout western europe since the end of the war , it was [found out] , in 1960 , that approximately forty per cent of the labour force was employed by the various governments .

He has definitively discovered what happens to socks and underwear once the wearers have been persuaded to shed them , how co-habiting men and women care for their most intimate garments , and how couples come to joint terms with the washing machine — or fail to .
he has definitively [found out] what happens to socks and underwear once the wearers have been persuaded to shed them , how co-habiting men and women care for their most intimate garments , and how couples come to joint terms with the washing machine — or fail to .

What Nicky discovered is that responding to God is an act of submission — of giving in to a force much more powerful than our own .
what nicky [found out] is that responding to god is an act of submission — of giving in to a force much more powerful than our own .

Hugh Farnham was discovered in a retirement home in Florida , living under an assumed identity , obsessively chewing on his rusks .
hugh farnham was [found out] in a retirement home in florida , living under an assumed identity , obsessively chewing on his rusks .

Police piecing together the events of Tuesday night have discovered that the killer had robbed another couple a few minutes before .
police piecing together the events of tuesday night have [found out] that the killer had robbed another couple a few minutes before .

Matthew Robinson , who lived in a lodging house for social security tenants in Keyham , Plymouth , Devon , was discovered by his brother Jason , nine — who had slept the night in the bunk above him — at 8.30am on Wednesday .
matthew robinson , who lived in a lodging house for social security tenants in keyham , plymouth , devon , was [found out] by his brother jason , nine — who had slept the night in the bunk above him — at 8.30am on wednesday .

Police discovered Mr Jowett 's fingerprints on the device , and found parts used to build it in his workshop .
police [found out] mr jowett 's fingerprints on the device , and found parts used to build it in his workshop .

But the teams later discovered that the conduit was dry , suggesting that the lava had already found a new course .
but the teams later [found out] that the conduit was dry , suggesting that the lava had already found a new course .

Suffolk police only discovered the court martial had taken place when officers read details of it a local newspaper .
suffolk police only [found out] the court martial had taken place when officers read details of it a local newspaper .

At this point the cycloaracylation process was discovered by Bayer , which made it possible to produce this type of substance .
at this point the cycloaracylation process was [found out] by bayer , which made it possible to produce this type of substance .

Ince needed long treatment and it was later discovered he had damaged ankle ligaments .
ince needed long treatment and it was later [found out] he had damaged ankle ligaments .

Charles discovered that there were many variant readings of the Testaments , due to the ignorance of copyists .
charles [found out] that there were many variant readings of the testaments , due to the ignorance of copyists .

when the gas was discovered ) .
when the gas was [found out] ) .

Commercial oil has been discovered offshore .
commercial oil has been [found out] offshore .

In addition new gas discoveries are still being made — in 1982 five new offshore and three onshore gas fields were discovered despite the maturity of the province .
in addition new gas discoveries are still being made — in 1982 five new offshore and three onshore gas fields were [found out] despite the maturity of the province .

Thailand 's onshore oil and comparatively recently discovered offshore gas hold the prospect of energy self-sufficiency as well as providing a tremendous boost to the country 's already high level of industrial growth .
thailand 's onshore oil and comparatively recently [found out] offshore gas hold the prospect of energy self-sufficiency as well as providing a tremendous boost to the country 's already high level of industrial growth .

Discovered in 1972 and containing 110–112 trillion cubic feet , the field is one of the biggest in the world .
[found out] in 1972 and containing 110–112 trillion cubic feet , the field is one of the biggest in the world .

After he had slept in the same sheets for six months Nails had taken them to the launderette , and now he had discovered a few things like that , which helped , which was more than his dad ever had .
after he had slept in the same sheets for six months nails had taken them to the launderette , and now he had [found out] a few things like that , which helped , which was more than his dad ever had .

Nails had woken up abruptly and been angry at being discovered , and had gone out into the grey morning without any conversation beyond the threat about pulping Hoomey if he split .
nails had woken up abruptly and been angry at being [found out] , and had gone out into the grey morning without any conversation beyond the threat about pulping hoomey if he split .

You could do anything in this world , she had already discovered , if you paid for it .
you could do anything in this world , she had already [found out] , if you paid for it .

Although nobody ever remarked upon the fact , it was tacitly acknowledged now that Nails slept with Firelight ; he had been discovered by them all at one time or another early in the morning still asleep .
although nobody ever remarked upon the fact , it was tacitly acknowledged now that nails slept with firelight ; he had been [found out] by them all at one time or another early in the morning still asleep .

Nutty discovered that the ex-Mrs Nicholson 's clothes were all at least two sizes smaller than she was and mostly covered with sequins or beads of some description .
nutty [found out] that the ex-mrs nicholson 's clothes were all at least two sizes smaller than she was and mostly covered with sequins or beads of some description .

He discovered from Nicholson senior that Nails rarely slept at home and from Nails 's classmates that he went off with a woman on a motor-bike at four o'clock everyday .
he [found out] from nicholson senior that nails rarely slept at home and from nails 's classmates that he went off with a woman on a motor-bike at four o'clock everyday .

State socialism has not been very successful in transferring technology between countries , and has brought its own kind of exploitation ( as the Yugoslavs discovered in the first few years after the war ) .
state socialism has not been very successful in transferring technology between countries , and has brought its own kind of exploitation ( as the yugoslavs [found out] in the first few years after the war ) .

Before the music papers had a chance to review the debut single John Peel discovered it and began playing it , almost on a nightly basis .
before the music papers had a chance to review the debut single john peel [found out] it and began playing it , almost on a nightly basis .

’ He wrote that he expected to find ‘ ideology and purpose , ’ but mostly discovered ‘ cynical platitude and intellectual laziness .
’ he wrote that he expected to find ‘ ideology and purpose , ’ but mostly [found out] ‘ cynical platitude and intellectual laziness .

Fifty years before , gold had been discovered at Bathurst and wages had been spectacular , but those boom times were well over and the rush now was for any job at all and to fight to keep it .
fifty years before , gold had been [found out] at bathurst and wages had been spectacular , but those boom times were well over and the rush now was for any job at all and to fight to keep it .

When she opened the cloth , she discovered a revolver .
when she opened the cloth , she [found out] a revolver .

The prison break-out attempt took place at Crumlin Road jail in Belfast on Saturday , but failed after police discovered a large bomb nearby .
the prison break-out attempt took place at crumlin road jail in belfast on saturday , but failed after police [found out] a large bomb nearby .

Another bomb , together with a quantity of ammunition , was later discovered inside the prison as a large-scale search operation was launched .
another bomb , together with a quantity of ammunition , was later [found out] inside the prison as a large-scale search operation was launched .

On the other side of Ayrshire , Ally MacLeod discovered how painfully short his Ayr United side are of becoming genuine challengers for promotion out of the First Division .
on the other side of ayrshire , ally macleod [found out] how painfully short his ayr united side are of becoming genuine challengers for promotion out of the first division .

The German had intended to ride his Olympic gold medal partner , Walzerkoenig , on Saturday night until a few hours earlier when it was discovered that the horse 's off-foreleg was inexplicably swollen .
the german had intended to ride his olympic gold medal partner , walzerkoenig , on saturday night until a few hours earlier when it was [found out] that the horse 's off-foreleg was inexplicably swollen .

But she also denied knowing Dassac , and the police subsequently discovered that she had had numerous telephone conversations with him and paid him large sums of money under a false name through a Swiss bank account .
but she also denied knowing dassac , and the police subsequently [found out] that she had had numerous telephone conversations with him and paid him large sums of money under a false name through a swiss bank account .

The cache was discovered by a workman on the site of an old hospital about 50 yards from Spaniards Road , a main road running across the heath near areas used for car parking by visitors .
the cache was [found out] by a workman on the site of an old hospital about 50 yards from spaniards road , a main road running across the heath near areas used for car parking by visitors .

The inkwell is the first signed piece to be discovered .
the inkwell is the first signed piece to be [found out] .

She was reported missing by her boyfriend , Peter Hook , 25 , who discovered her body with the help of an official from Turning Point , the drugs advisory charity for which she had worked as a counsellor for three years .
she was reported missing by her boyfriend , peter hook , 25 , who [found out] her body with the help of an official from turning point , the drugs advisory charity for which she had worked as a counsellor for three years .

Police discovered the Mini van in the warehouse in the nearby City Walls Road while carrying out a systematic search of the whole city .
police [found out] the mini van in the warehouse in the nearby city walls road while carrying out a systematic search of the whole city .

Detectives said Mrs Page-Alucard may have been murdered as early as Friday morning , more than 24 hours before her body was discovered .
detectives said mrs page-alucard may have been murdered as early as friday morning , more than 24 hours before her body was [found out] .

The regulation and growth of cells was much more complicated than originally believed , and so far more than 40 different types of oncogenes have been discovered in experiments using retroviruses , said the assembly citation .
the regulation and growth of cells was much more complicated than originally believed , and so far more than 40 different types of oncogenes have been [found out] in experiments using retroviruses , said the assembly citation .

She was 22 weeks pregnant when doctors discovered that her baby had Down 's .
she was 22 weeks pregnant when doctors [found out] that her baby had down 's .

The row erupted on Tuesday when it was discovered that , by a quirk of the rulebook , Mr Le Pen 's neo-fascists would chair the assembly 's permanent delegations to Switzerland and Israel .
the row erupted on tuesday when it was [found out] that , by a quirk of the rulebook , mr le pen 's neo-fascists would chair the assembly 's permanent delegations to switzerland and israel .

Mortified , all the other political leaders voted to change the rules to exclude the far-right MEPs from their new posts , especially after it was discovered that Mr Le Pen 's man for Israel was likely to be from West Germany 's Republicans , led by an ex-SS officer , Franz Schonhuber .
mortified , all the other political leaders voted to change the rules to exclude the far-right meps from their new posts , especially after it was [found out] that mr le pen 's man for israel was likely to be from west germany 's republicans , led by an ex-ss officer , franz schonhuber .

Jacob has discovered the grace , compassion and forgiveness of God .
jacob has [found out] the grace , compassion and forgiveness of god .

At last , it seemed , the purposes of God discovered a little human co-operation .
at last , it seemed , the purposes of god [found out] a little human co-operation .

Everyone knows that , and the Israelites discovered it for themselves in the wilderness .
everyone knows that , and the israelites [found out] it for themselves in the wilderness .

They discovered that , too .
they [found out] that , too .

But they discovered also that beyond God 's predictable anger is a surprising mercy .
but they [found out] also that beyond god 's predictable anger is a surprising mercy .

The automobile industry had become as fashion-conscious as the rag trade , and it had discovered how to make people discontented with even last year 's model .
the automobile industry had become as fashion-conscious as the rag trade , and it had [found out] how to make people discontented with even last year 's model .

The established , and now publicized , fact that women 's sexual capacity increases with age , at least until the late twenties , and stays at this peak for decades , while men 's is already declining , came as a shock both to men , who suddenly discovered they were the unlucky sex , and to women who had not realized what they had been missing .
the established , and now publicized , fact that women 's sexual capacity increases with age , at least until the late twenties , and stays at this peak for decades , while men 's is already declining , came as a shock both to men , who suddenly [found out] they were the unlucky sex , and to women who had not realized what they had been missing .

The calendar was ‘ discovered ’ to help publicize an early film , Clash By Night ( 1951 ) , and the fuss put her in the headlines and the box office draw category .
the calendar was ‘ [found out] ’ to help publicize an early film , clash by night ( 1951 ) , and the fuss put her in the headlines and the box office draw category .

In Vienna they discovered the sinister fact that the Soviet Information Centre stocked Mark Twain , hitherto considered reliably American in outlook .
in vienna they [found out] the sinister fact that the soviet information centre stocked mark twain , hitherto considered reliably american in outlook .

When they reached port and had sold their catch on the market , radio-activity was discovered all over ship , crew and catch .
when they reached port and had sold their catch on the market , radio-activity was [found out] all over ship , crew and catch .

As the president 's weekend guest he discovered that Ike had one thing in common with Stalin — they both expected him to watch Westerns .
as the president 's weekend guest he [found out] that ike had one thing in common with stalin — they both expected him to watch westerns .

Waiting hand , foot and finger on a large and active Siberian Husky with a secret appetite is n't everyone 's idea of fun … as Monica O'Hara discovered
waiting hand , foot and finger on a large and active siberian husky with a secret appetite is n't everyone 's idea of fun … as monica o'hara [found out]

After destroying the nepeta last year , our cat has now discovered the pleasures of our actinidia .
after destroying the nepeta last year , our cat has now [found out] the pleasures of our actinidia .

Scientists based at the West of Scotland Agricultural College at Auchincruive have discovered that oil distilled from marjoram , the popular garden herb , will inhibit the growth of several problem bacteria , including erwinia , the organism which causes soft rots in stored vegetables and potato black leg disease .
scientists based at the west of scotland agricultural college at auchincruive have [found out] that oil distilled from marjoram , the popular garden herb , will inhibit the growth of several problem bacteria , including erwinia , the organism which causes soft rots in stored vegetables and potato black leg disease .

Turkish researchers have discovered that the juice extracted from radishes has a powerful inhibitory effect on the germination of weed seeds .
turkish researchers have [found out] that the juice extracted from radishes has a powerful inhibitory effect on the germination of weed seeds .

When they got back , having discovered only two , Mary Ann had the cards out for a game of canasta .
when they got back , having [found out] only two , mary ann had the cards out for a game of canasta .

At the very worst Mungo might be discovered trespassing .
at the very worst mungo might be [found out] trespassing .

Would it be wiser to turn back now , rather than risk the appalling embarrassment of being discovered here ?
would it be wiser to turn back now , rather than risk the appalling embarrassment of being [found out] here ?

Anthony even claimed to have discovered ‘ maps of Ireland ’ on the sheets when he stuffed them into the machine in the local Launderette .
anthony even claimed to have [found out] ‘ maps of ireland ’ on the sheets when he stuffed them into the machine in the local launderette .

It cost rather a lot , Nigel discovered when he looked at the bills he was expected to pay .
it cost rather a lot , nigel [found out] when he looked at the bills he was expected to pay .

She had a room the other side of London — it was years , though , before Nigel discovered that .
she had a room the other side of london — it was years , though , before nigel [found out] that .

‘ So , you have discovered my little secret !
‘ so , you have [found out] my little secret !

We all trooped up to the altar , behind which your Berlin friends discovered a mysterious opening .
we all trooped up to the altar , behind which your berlin friends [found out] a mysterious opening .

It was about two skeletons discovered in a stone coffin in Bath .
it was about two skeletons [found out] in a stone coffin in bath .

Attacking every available source of information , Cox discovered the Portobello Trust — a Business Development Agency founded in 1986 by West London residents .
attacking every available source of information , cox [found out] the portobello trust — a business development agency founded in 1986 by west london residents .

Apart from qualifying for Pseuds Corner in Private Eye and avoiding the use of plain English , what Rumbold was trying to say was that British youth had just discovered trainers in the late Eighties .
apart from qualifying for pseuds corner in private eye and avoiding the use of plain english , what rumbold was trying to say was that british youth had just [found out] trainers in the late eighties .

He dropped hints that real alien implants have been discovered , but said he could n't reveal anything yet because , well , you know … … but something pretty earth-shattering may be on its way .
he dropped hints that real alien implants have been [found out] , but said he could n't reveal anything yet because , well , you know … … but something pretty earth-shattering may be on its way .

( Afterwards Andy Roberts pointed out that the only ‘ alien implant ’ so far discovered turned out to be a ball bearing that had got lodged up a child 's nose . )
( afterwards andy roberts pointed out that the only ‘ alien implant ’ so far [found out] turned out to be a ball bearing that had got lodged up a child 's nose . )

She could not know the things he had discovered about himself in the last few days .
she could not know the things he had [found out] about himself in the last few days .

But then she found that she must have been without noticing , for she discovered that there was writing everywhere which she could read without even trying .
but then she found that she must have been without noticing , for she [found out] that there was writing everywhere which she could read without even trying .

The break-in would not be discovered for months .
the break-in would not be [found out] for months .

It occurred to him that he had not worn his best clothes for many weeks ; not since that confusing afternoon when some of Buddie 's friends had rushed through the house carrying boxes , cases and sacks that must not be discovered when the police came to search the place .
it occurred to him that he had not worn his best clothes for many weeks ; not since that confusing afternoon when some of buddie 's friends had rushed through the house carrying boxes , cases and sacks that must not be [found out] when the police came to search the place .

She discovered the dirt and thickened wax deep in his ears , the grubbiness at the back of his neck , the hoof-like skin on the soles of his feet , the bitten nails .
she [found out] the dirt and thickened wax deep in his ears , the grubbiness at the back of his neck , the hoof-like skin on the soles of his feet , the bitten nails .

To his pleasant surprise he discovered that he was now able to think with an objective clarity which stemmed from the knowledge that he was now free for the first time in his life to speak his mind without fear or favour .
to his pleasant surprise he [found out] that he was now able to think with an objective clarity which stemmed from the knowledge that he was now free for the first time in his life to speak his mind without fear or favour .

Almost to the end of the nineteenth century , even educated men made no distinction between the merciful hand of God and the merciless grasp of death . When in 1895 Sir Ronald Ross discovered the cause of malaria , he commemorated the event in a verse inscribed on a plaque in the Memorial Hospital in Calcutta :
almost to the end of the nineteenth century , even educated men made no distinction between the merciful hand of god and the merciless grasp of death . when in 1895 sir ronald ross [found out] the cause of malaria , he commemorated the event in a verse inscribed on a plaque in the memorial hospital in calcutta :

Many other metals and alloys were of course discovered and used throughout the ancient world .
many other metals and alloys were of course [found out] and used throughout the ancient world .

Through the ages , the composition of synthetic materials , such as metals , ceramics and glass , has changed as the sources of raw materials have changed and new processes have been discovered .
through the ages , the composition of synthetic materials , such as metals , ceramics and glass , has changed as the sources of raw materials have changed and new processes have been [found out] .

Is it possible that the statue which was scientifically examined was actually the copy , and the original — the only complete Roman bronze statue to have been discovered north of the Alps — was sent off to Spain , never to be seen again ?
is it possible that the statue which was scientifically examined was actually the copy , and the original — the only complete roman bronze statue to have been [found out] north of the alps — was sent off to spain , never to be seen again ?

Here , on one 's own flesh , the universe could be ‘ penetrated ’ , exploited , known , and here the treasure of purity , the pearl of great price , could be discovered .
here , on one 's own flesh , the universe could be ‘ penetrated ’ , exploited , known , and here the treasure of purity , the pearl of great price , could be [found out] .

And once discovered could be used to ‘ buy off God 's justice ; could be used to save not only oneself but other suffering souls also .
and once [found out] could be used to ‘ buy off god 's justice ; could be used to save not only oneself but other suffering souls also .

Mikvas are being excavated in Israel , and at the top of Massada where the Jewish zealots were besieged by the Romans around two thousand years ago , a mikva has been discovered among the ruins .
mikvas are being excavated in israel , and at the top of massada where the jewish zealots were besieged by the romans around two thousand years ago , a mikva has been [found out] among the ruins .

During restoration in the house , a skeleton was discovered of a man who had been buried standing upright .
during restoration in the house , a skeleton was [found out] of a man who had been buried standing upright .

Ludens had , as he had told Franca , booked himself into a local pub , whose existence he had discovered by telephoning the village post office , and was quietly determined to remain there indefinitely .
ludens had , as he had told franca , booked himself into a local pub , whose existence he had [found out] by telephoning the village post office , and was quietly determined to remain there indefinitely .

They had simply simultaneously discovered a relaxed and cheerful modus vivendi together .
they had simply simultaneously [found out] a relaxed and cheerful modus vivendi together .

Perhaps it was something which he had discovered within the quest .
perhaps it was something which he had [found out] within the quest .

The development of agronomic research into soil conserving practices also ( in four cases where the search discovered projects with this component ) seems to have occurred at the research station , and on the land of a handful of farmers .
the development of agronomic research into soil conserving practices also ( in four cases where the search [found out] projects with this component ) seems to have occurred at the research station , and on the land of a handful of farmers .

Roland had only recently discovered that the London Library possessed Ash s own copy of Vico 's Principj di Scienza Nuova .
roland had only recently [found out] that the london library possessed ash s own copy of vico 's principj di scienza nuova .

‘ Ears of grain were called apples of gold , which must have been the first gold in the world while metallic gold was unknown … So the golden apple which Hercules first brought back or gathered , from Hesperia must have been grain ; and the Gallic Hercules with links of this gold , that issue from his mouth , chains men by the ears : something which will later be discovered as a myth concerning the fields .
‘ ears of grain were called apples of gold , which must have been the first gold in the world while metallic gold was unknown … so the golden apple which hercules first brought back or gathered , from hesperia must have been grain ; and the gallic hercules with links of this gold , that issue from his mouth , chains men by the ears : something which will later be [found out] as a myth concerning the fields .

Then he discovered Ash had been beforehand with him .
then he [found out] ash had been beforehand with him .

‘ It will probably turn out to have been discovered twenty times already . What is it ? ’
‘ it will probably turn out to have been [found out] twenty times already . what is it ? ’

Maud plucked with pale neat lamplit fingers at the old knots , which were , she discovered , faintly covered with sealing wax .
maud plucked with pale neat lamplit fingers at the old knots , which were , she [found out] , faintly covered with sealing wax .

Rodinal is undoubtedly a ‘ classic ’ in every sense of the word and the many photographers who continue to use it , or indeed who have recently discovered it , never look back ; their results speak for themselves .
rodinal is undoubtedly a ‘ classic ’ in every sense of the word and the many photographers who continue to use it , or indeed who have recently [found out] it , never look back ; their results speak for themselves .

Beckett 's characters ‘ begin and end their fictional journey at the same place , in the same condition , and without having learned , discovered , or acquired the least knowledge about themselves and the world in which they exist ’ ( Federman 1965 : 4 ) .
beckett 's characters ‘ begin and end their fictional journey at the same place , in the same condition , and without having learned , [found out] , or acquired the least knowledge about themselves and the world in which they exist ’ ( federman 1965 : 4 ) .

Lincolnshire Discovered
lincolnshire [found out]

However , Israel discovered , just like the United States , that it too could be thwarted by the weaker and more vulnerable contestants in the conflict .
however , israel [found out] , just like the united states , that it too could be thwarted by the weaker and more vulnerable contestants in the conflict .

At Lausanne , the Ramallah Congress delegation discovered that without a representative government the refugee community had no standing , except as the subject of the deliberations .
at lausanne , the ramallah congress delegation [found out] that without a representative government the refugee community had no standing , except as the subject of the deliberations .

Those who examined the health conditions of the occupied territories quickly discovered a conflict between the claims by Israel of a steady improvement in health services and the reality .
those who examined the health conditions of the occupied territories quickly [found out] a conflict between the claims by israel of a steady improvement in health services and the reality .

Furthermore it was discovered not only that the ratio of physician to population was substantially worse than for Israel or Jordan but that owing to insufficient funding and planning , 280 doctors were actually unemployed in the territories and another 120 were employed on low salaries under a local professional union 's absorption programme .
furthermore it was [found out] not only that the ratio of physician to population was substantially worse than for israel or jordan but that owing to insufficient funding and planning , 280 doctors were actually unemployed in the territories and another 120 were employed on low salaries under a local professional union 's absorption programme .

The difficulty the women 's committees discovered , however , was that social programmes with no nationalist content failed to attract women , while nationalist programmes quickly triggered wasteful competitive conflicts between the four committee networks for ‘ control ’ of a locality .
the difficulty the women 's committees [found out] , however , was that social programmes with no nationalist content failed to attract women , while nationalist programmes quickly triggered wasteful competitive conflicts between the four committee networks for ‘ control ’ of a locality .

In small measure each visitor must feel some of the excitement of Hiram Bingham , the North American who ‘ discovered ’ Machu Picchu on 24 July 1911 .
in small measure each visitor must feel some of the excitement of hiram bingham , the north american who ‘ [found out] ’ machu picchu on 24 july 1911 .

Bingham thought he had discovered Vilcabamba , the last refuge of the Incas , thus giving a romantic conclusion to his archaeological studies of the Inca civilisation .
bingham thought he had [found out] vilcabamba , the last refuge of the incas , thus giving a romantic conclusion to his archaeological studies of the inca civilisation .

Victoria had discovered that the traditional upper-class way of raising children took all the fun out of it .
victoria had [found out] that the traditional upper-class way of raising children took all the fun out of it .

‘ Do we have to fly tourist class with all the ordinary people ? Ca n't we go first-class ? ’ Alex asked when he discovered that first-class passengers got ice-cream .
‘ do we have to fly tourist class with all the ordinary people ? ca n't we go first-class ? ’ alex asked when he [found out] that first-class passengers got ice-cream .

She made rivers of melted butter in mountains of sweet potato , snacked on corn boiled in broth or greasy fish and bammy and discovered the thrilling sophistication of Coca-Cola .
she made rivers of melted butter in mountains of sweet potato , snacked on corn boiled in broth or greasy fish and bammy and [found out] the thrilling sophistication of coca-cola .

Although still some months short of his fifteenth birthday , Richard had already discovered from experience that there is a critical relationship between the piquancy of a secret and the number of people who can keep it .
although still some months short of his fifteenth birthday , richard had already [found out] from experience that there is a critical relationship between the piquancy of a secret and the number of people who can keep it .

An osprey 's nest was discovered above an inlet to which the junior yachtsmen sometimes sailed .
an osprey 's nest was [found out] above an inlet to which the junior yachtsmen sometimes sailed .

She thoughtfully left the two letters on his desk , where his older brother discovered them .
she thoughtfully left the two letters on his desk , where his older brother [found out] them .

But it was not until ten years later that Jack discovered she was his mother .
but it was not until ten years later that jack [found out] she was his mother .

The Strip , at the westerly end of Sunset Boulevard and closest to the hub of the film industry , was the avenue for poseurs where every young hopeful — and plenty not so young — hung out to be discovered in one of the dozens of coffee bars that eventually gave way to rock ‘ n ’ roll clubs and then strip shows of the Sixties and Seventies .
the strip , at the westerly end of sunset boulevard and closest to the hub of the film industry , was the avenue for poseurs where every young hopeful — and plenty not so young — hung out to be [found out] in one of the dozens of coffee bars that eventually gave way to rock ‘ n ’ roll clubs and then strip shows of the sixties and seventies .

For better or for worse the studio system the moguls created , dubbed by its detractors as the slave trade , which had discovered and nursed the greatest names of Hollywood of three decades , and probably ever , was on the verge of collapse , though as Elizabeth Taylor put it so succinctly : ‘ The death rattle seemed never ending .
for better or for worse the studio system the moguls created , dubbed by its detractors as the slave trade , which had [found out] and nursed the greatest names of hollywood of three decades , and probably ever , was on the verge of collapse , though as elizabeth taylor put it so succinctly : ‘ the death rattle seemed never ending .

Only jazz musicians had smoked marijuana before , and everyone was astounded about Dean because open use of drugs was virtually unknown and still carried heavy penalties ; regular offenders were sent to prison and any public knowledge of even marijuana usage brought furore in the headlines , as Robert Mitchum discovered .
only jazz musicians had smoked marijuana before , and everyone was astounded about dean because open use of drugs was virtually unknown and still carried heavy penalties ; regular offenders were sent to prison and any public knowledge of even marijuana usage brought furore in the headlines , as robert mitchum [found out] .

Warren Beatty also discovered a route to instant fame , co-starring with Natalie Wood , one of the world 's most glamorous young actresses in 1959 , in Elia Kazan 's Splendor in the Grass .
warren beatty also [found out] a route to instant fame , co-starring with natalie wood , one of the world 's most glamorous young actresses in 1959 , in elia kazan 's splendor in the grass .

As Hopper , a nice guy but slightly mad discovered , there is always the danger that after such auspicious beginnings , it might be downhill .
as hopper , a nice guy but slightly mad [found out] , there is always the danger that after such auspicious beginnings , it might be downhill .

Yet the chances of failure in the legitimate side of the business were even greater , as Nicholson discovered with a new role which on the surface seemed a godsent opportunity — to appear in Ensign Pulver , the much-discussed sequel to Mister Roberts .
yet the chances of failure in the legitimate side of the business were even greater , as nicholson [found out] with a new role which on the surface seemed a godsent opportunity — to appear in ensign pulver , the much-discussed sequel to mister roberts .

In fact , he was already discussing it in his office when he discovered that Paramount were in the middle of a feud with Redford and were just about to serve him with a writ .
in fact , he was already discussing it in his office when he [found out] that paramount were in the middle of a feud with redford and were just about to serve him with a writ .

Each critic and each interview discovered and reported the uncanny fact of what had happened in the production of the film , that it was one of those once-in-a-generation happenings , bringing together the right story , the right people and the right tone at exactly the right time .
each critic and each interview [found out] and reported the uncanny fact of what had happened in the production of the film , that it was one of those once-in-a-generation happenings , bringing together the right story , the right people and the right tone at exactly the right time .

They checked into the St Regis Hotel and when some people discovered who he was , they called at his hotel room and asked for autographs .
they checked into the st regis hotel and when some people [found out] who he was , they called at his hotel room and asked for autographs .

In this state , he attacks the professor 's wife and tries to rape her , while she , in turn , has discovered that her former lover had venereal disease and has also made her pregnant !
in this state , he attacks the professor 's wife and tries to rape her , while she , in turn , has [found out] that her former lover had venereal disease and has also made her pregnant !

Unfortunately , as Ranald discovered , her immunity did n't extend to the others .
unfortunately , as ranald [found out] , her immunity did n't extend to the others .

They talked of interesting things ; ship-building , the invasion of England , cannon , the path newly discovered west to the Indies , chess , dogs , the king 's mistress .
they talked of interesting things ; ship-building , the invasion of england , cannon , the path newly [found out] west to the indies , chess , dogs , the king 's mistress .

She never tried to escape from their constant supervision , avoided both Lachlan and Farquhar like lepers , took sly slaps and pinches in silence , made much of loving her son , and could , they discovered , tell a story to make a corpse laugh .
she never tried to escape from their constant supervision , avoided both lachlan and farquhar like lepers , took sly slaps and pinches in silence , made much of loving her son , and could , they [found out] , tell a story to make a corpse laugh .

Now many more MPs expressed alarm about the actual impact of the tax on their constituents and , consequently , on their chances of re-election as they discovered to their dismay that most households would be paying far more in poll tax that they had under the old rating system .
now many more mps expressed alarm about the actual impact of the tax on their constituents and , consequently , on their chances of re-election as they [found out] to their dismay that most households would be paying far more in poll tax that they had under the old rating system .

The proportion of women candidates was at 29.4 % the highest we have yet discovered for any tier of local or central government .
the proportion of women candidates was at 29.4 % the highest we have yet [found out] for any tier of local or central government .

Officers alerted by neighbours searched the house and discovered the cash , mostly in £10 and £20 notes .
officers alerted by neighbours searched the house and [found out] the cash , mostly in £10 and £20 notes .

They discovered that you do n't need to book into the Sheraton Hotel to visit a country .
they [found out] that you do n't need to book into the sheraton hotel to visit a country .

As England discovered in 1986 when they performed so lamentably at the international sevens tournaments in Sydney , it is just not possible to turn round a few weeks before an event and pick up a team and set off with any expectation of success .
as england [found out] in 1986 when they performed so lamentably at the international sevens tournaments in sydney , it is just not possible to turn round a few weeks before an event and pick up a team and set off with any expectation of success .

But Mr Hughes is a keen pupil ; he has discovered Doctor Dee and Hermes Trismegistes from Frances Yates , and while he follows her he treads at least a wavy line , he does not loop the loop .
but mr hughes is a keen pupil ; he has [found out] doctor dee and hermes trismegistes from frances yates , and while he follows her he treads at least a wavy line , he does not loop the loop .

This theory is quite untrue , as Mr Hughes could have discovered from the simplest textbook .
this theory is quite untrue , as mr hughes could have [found out] from the simplest textbook .

Unbeaten in the last round , Nippon has discovered the reverse side of fortune , losing all but one of six races in the semi-finals .
unbeaten in the last round , nippon has [found out] the reverse side of fortune , losing all but one of six races in the semi-finals .

The Guild of British Tie Makers has carried out extensive research into tie wearing and has discovered that , far from being viewed as a current trend , the tie is considered an essential item in a man 's wardrobe .
the guild of british tie makers has carried out extensive research into tie wearing and has [found out] that , far from being viewed as a current trend , the tie is considered an essential item in a man 's wardrobe .

Having altered the dates , and finding that Wembley was not available , the League also discovered that other options for a replay venue were limited .
having altered the dates , and finding that wembley was not available , the league also [found out] that other options for a replay venue were limited .

Research has shown that they ate lasagne , pizza ( though tomatoes had not been discovered ) and ice-cream , along with dormice , sow 's teats and a disgusting sauce made of sun-dried , salted fish-guts .
research has shown that they ate lasagne , pizza ( though tomatoes had not been [found out] ) and ice-cream , along with dormice , sow 's teats and a disgusting sauce made of sun-dried , salted fish-guts .

The townspeople also spent a lot of time scribbling on walls — love letters , advertisements , sexual boasts and political slogans ( ’ Vote for Lucius , he is an honest man ’ ) — while a mortgage on wax was also discovered under the ash .
the townspeople also spent a lot of time scribbling on walls — love letters , advertisements , sexual boasts and political slogans ( ’ vote for lucius , he is an honest man ’ ) — while a mortgage on wax was also [found out] under the ash .

Pugwash 's creator , John Ryan , has just discovered that Edmondson is still alive , tending a cemetery in Rothbury .
pugwash 's creator , john ryan , has just [found out] that edmondson is still alive , tending a cemetery in rothbury .

Mr Garsia said that when Mrs Cook discovered the dog had collapsed she telephoned the owners , and took the dog to a veterinary surgeon .
mr garsia said that when mrs cook [found out] the dog had collapsed she telephoned the owners , and took the dog to a veterinary surgeon .

But the pot of gold simply does not exist as he has already discovered in trying to pay for Labour 's initial promises .
but the pot of gold simply does not exist as he has already [found out] in trying to pay for labour 's initial promises .

Simon McBurney brings a fidgety , sweaty intensity to the role of the troubled king , and in one superb scene he is discovered standing on top of a wardrobe , gazing miserably down on the happy innocents beneath him as his heart is gnawed by destructive jealousy .
simon mcburney brings a fidgety , sweaty intensity to the role of the troubled king , and in one superb scene he is [found out] standing on top of a wardrobe , gazing miserably down on the happy innocents beneath him as his heart is gnawed by destructive jealousy .

Shortly before it was due to be changed , American astronauts decided to call a newly discovered planet Kirov Ballet .
shortly before it was due to be changed , american astronauts decided to call a newly [found out] planet kirov ballet .

But she discovered what he was up to and confiscated the church .
but she [found out] what he was up to and confiscated the church .

Podvig , also prominent in the Crime and Punishment notebooks , gets relegated in the final text to the Epilogue where it is seen at its simplest in the mitigating circumstance that the murderer is discovered at his trial to have burnt himself rescuing two little children from a blazing house .
podvig , also prominent in the crime and punishment notebooks , gets relegated in the final text to the epilogue where it is seen at its simplest in the mitigating circumstance that the murderer is [found out] at his trial to have burnt himself rescuing two little children from a blazing house .

If they discovered evidence of share dealing ahead of the takeover by individuals using confidential information they would institute more formal inquiries .
if they [found out] evidence of share dealing ahead of the takeover by individuals using confidential information they would institute more formal inquiries .

There 's much more to walking in Africa than Mount Kenya , as David Else discovered with a group of walkers from Sheffield
there 's much more to walking in africa than mount kenya , as david else [found out] with a group of walkers from sheffield

Rather lower down , a new crag was discovered by Niget and Dave Carson — Craig y Frank Carson — which lies parallel to , but behind , Carreg Hyll Drem .
rather lower down , a new crag was [found out] by niget and dave carson — craig y frank carson — which lies parallel to , but behind , carreg hyll drem .

And a quarter-century later , in the Pisan cantos , when the poet is imprisoned in the American Army detention-camp at Pisa , these are among the memories which come back to him most poignantly . In Canto 74 for instance , there are lines which allude to the Magdalenian cave-paintings discovered at Lascaux and elsewhere in this region of Perigord and Limousin :
and a quarter-century later , in the pisan cantos , when the poet is imprisoned in the american army detention-camp at pisa , these are among the memories which come back to him most poignantly . in canto 74 for instance , there are lines which allude to the magdalenian cave-paintings [found out] at lascaux and elsewhere in this region of perigord and limousin :

After a few years in atomic energy research he then discovered his vocation as teacher and enthusiast as a lecturer in chemistry at Birkenhead Technical College , where he also voluntarily taught about theatre , literature and music in a humanities section .
after a few years in atomic energy research he then [found out] his vocation as teacher and enthusiast as a lecturer in chemistry at birkenhead technical college , where he also voluntarily taught about theatre , literature and music in a humanities section .

This is not the case , though , if the proposed subject is outside the catchment area of school and university examinations , as Terry Lovell discovered when she offered to write a book on Gissing for a leftwing series , which had asked for one on Jane Austen .
this is not the case , though , if the proposed subject is outside the catchment area of school and university examinations , as terry lovell [found out] when she offered to write a book on gissing for a leftwing series , which had asked for one on jane austen .

Every ballet must have a beginning because every ballet begins with a dancer or dancers making an entrance or being discovered on stage .
every ballet must have a beginning because every ballet begins with a dancer or dancers making an entrance or being [found out] on stage .

Taglioni recognised his daughter Marie 's quality of other worldliness in La Sylphide ; Perrot discovered Carlotta Grisi 's unique qualities as an actress-dancer in Giselle ; Fokine exposed Tamara Karsavina 's many-sided brilliance in such works as The Firebird , Le Carnaval and Petrushka ; Ashton fostered Margot Fonteyn 's varied personality .
taglioni recognised his daughter marie 's quality of other worldliness in la sylphide ; perrot [found out] carlotta grisi 's unique qualities as an actress-dancer in giselle ; fokine exposed tamara karsavina 's many-sided brilliance in such works as the firebird , le carnaval and petrushka ; ashton fostered margot fonteyn 's varied personality .

Bratti had been discovered spying for a rival security service .
bratti had been [found out] spying for a rival security service .

The government 's own Center for Disease Control discovered serious reporting errors when quality verification samples were posted to a number of laboratories as an experiment .
the government 's own center for disease control [found out] serious reporting errors when quality verification samples were posted to a number of laboratories as an experiment .

The comet was close to the ninth magnitude on November 16 when it was discovered by amateur astronomers in Norway and the United States .
the comet was close to the ninth magnitude on november 16 when it was [found out] by amateur astronomers in norway and the united states .

The Department of Energy discovered the true costs of nuclear power after months of considering electricity privatisation .
the department of energy [found out] the true costs of nuclear power after months of considering electricity privatisation .

The comet was close to the ninth magnitude on November 16 when it was discovered by amateur astronomers in Norway and the United States .
the comet was close to the ninth magnitude on november 16 when it was [found out] by amateur astronomers in norway and the united states .

It was only in late October this year that it was discovered there were discrepancies between the cash the trustees were holding and the cash the managers thought the trustees were holding .
it was only in late october this year that it was [found out] there were discrepancies between the cash the trustees were holding and the cash the managers thought the trustees were holding .

It was only in late October this year that it was discovered there were discrepancies between the cash the trustees were holding and the cash the managers thought the trustees were holding .
it was only in late october this year that it was [found out] there were discrepancies between the cash the trustees were holding and the cash the managers thought the trustees were holding .

Dalglish wore the demeanour of a man who had just discovered the cat had been sick in his slippers .
dalglish wore the demeanour of a man who had just [found out] the cat had been sick in his slippers .

The auditors also discovered delays and large variations in the department 's reporting procedures which are supposed to alert the ministry to problems .
the auditors also [found out] delays and large variations in the department 's reporting procedures which are supposed to alert the ministry to problems .

Chloride contamination , which stems from de-icing salts seeping into concrete coverings , was discovered in 144 of 200 bridges selected at random by department inspectors and more than half of the difficulties stemmed from poor workmanship .
chloride contamination , which stems from de-icing salts seeping into concrete coverings , was [found out] in 144 of 200 bridges selected at random by department inspectors and more than half of the difficulties stemmed from poor workmanship .

Someone had ‘ discovered ’ Heymouth years before , and the beauty of this little fishing village cast an irresistible spell on those who , undaunted by its remote situation and the lack of organized transport , began to stream in from all over Britain .
someone had ‘ [found out] ’ heymouth years before , and the beauty of this little fishing village cast an irresistible spell on those who , undaunted by its remote situation and the lack of organized transport , began to stream in from all over britain .

‘ Just think , this is what Heymouth must have been like before electricity was discovered , ’ she said .
‘ just think , this is what heymouth must have been like before electricity was [found out] , ’ she said .

She later discovered that eighteen bridges had been destroyed .
she later [found out] that eighteen bridges had been destroyed .

She went out to listen and discovered it was a policeman in a car .
she went out to listen and [found out] it was a policeman in a car .

The trouble with notes and letters is that you are never sure that each child receives a copy , that the copy makes it to the pocket or the school bag , survives the journey home , is actually discovered by the parent and the message understood .
the trouble with notes and letters is that you are never sure that each child receives a copy , that the copy makes it to the pocket or the school bag , survives the journey home , is actually [found out] by the parent and the message understood .

The lad heard curses and hollering coming from the kitchen and , on entering the kitchen discovered the victim feet up in the vat , and Jarman cursing in pain and rubbing spattered fat from his face .
the lad heard curses and hollering coming from the kitchen and , on entering the kitchen [found out] the victim feet up in the vat , and jarman cursing in pain and rubbing spattered fat from his face .

William 's actual existence is not in doubt ; ink-blotted and tear-stained schoolbooks , with the name William Hoby on the cover , were discovered in 1840 by some workmen during reconstruction work .
william 's actual existence is not in doubt ; ink-blotted and tear-stained schoolbooks , with the name william hoby on the cover , were [found out] in 1840 by some workmen during reconstruction work .

He discovered thirteen lacerated wounds to the scalp and six wounds to the left ear .
he [found out] thirteen lacerated wounds to the scalp and six wounds to the left ear .

Mary Ashley discovered Sara in severe discomfort and pain .
mary ashley [found out] sara in severe discomfort and pain .

The first body , found in the Thames , was discovered accidentally by a bargee , who had been poling his way up the river and had been more than mildly surprised when he had brought his pole up from the river bed to find a sodden brown parcel on the end with a baby 's arm sticking out .
the first body , found in the thames , was [found out] accidentally by a bargee , who had been poling his way up the river and had been more than mildly surprised when he had brought his pole up from the river bed to find a sodden brown parcel on the end with a baby 's arm sticking out .

Police officers from Faringdon and Wantage spent days digging the site , but no remains were ever discovered .
police officers from faringdon and wantage spent days digging the site , but no remains were ever [found out] .

When Elizabeth discovered this clandestine liaison , she was livid and when , some short time later , it was discovered that Dudley found his second wife an inconvenience and tried to poison her , the whole Amy Robsart affair flared up once more .
when elizabeth [found out] this clandestine liaison , she was livid and when , some short time later , it was [found out] that dudley found his second wife an inconvenience and tried to poison her , the whole amy robsart affair flared up once more .

But Louisa 's ‘ murderer ’ was never discovered .
but louisa 's ‘ murderer ’ was never [found out] .

Yet there is an interesting side to the story that emerged in 1888 , some 165 years later , when workmen digging in Woodcote Road , close to the murder site , discovered three bodies — of two men and a woman .
yet there is an interesting side to the story that emerged in 1888 , some 165 years later , when workmen digging in woodcote road , close to the murder site , [found out] three bodies — of two men and a woman .

Barry Welsh of the Center for Extreme Ultraviolet Astrophysics in Berkeley , California , discovered the tunnel while extending the work of two other American astronomers : Priscilla Frisch and Donald York of the University of Chicago .
barry welsh of the center for extreme ultraviolet astrophysics in berkeley , california , [found out] the tunnel while extending the work of two other american astronomers : priscilla frisch and donald york of the university of chicago .

In the 1910s , for example , Harlow Shapley discovered that , just as the Earth is not at the centre of the Solar System , the Sun is not at the centre of the Galaxy .
in the 1910s , for example , harlow shapley [found out] that , just as the earth is not at the centre of the solar system , the sun is not at the centre of the galaxy .

Como soon discovered that it was in the nature of winners to enjoy their winnings , as Barbarossa stayed in the north in an attempt to subjugate all the city states .
como soon [found out] that it was in the nature of winners to enjoy their winnings , as barbarossa stayed in the north in an attempt to subjugate all the city states .

In the foyer a gambling room operated , legend having it that the young Alessandro Manzoni was discovered there by Vincenzo Monti and beaten so hard by him that he never gambled again .
in the foyer a gambling room operated , legend having it that the young alessandro manzoni was [found out] there by vincenzo monti and beaten so hard by him that he never gambled again .

When foundations for the house were being dug — the house was built for the Marquis Litta in the sixteenth-century — Roman mosaics were discovered .
when foundations for the house were being dug — the house was built for the marquis litta in the sixteenth-century — roman mosaics were [found out] .

At the end of the fourth-century a search organized by Sant ' Ambrogio discovered the remains of the martyrs San Nazaro and San Celso in this part of the city .
at the end of the fourth-century a search organized by sant ' ambrogio [found out] the remains of the martyrs san nazaro and san celso in this part of the city .

In Surrey , for example , mountain bikers have discovered the joys of Box Hill 's seemingly endless chalk slopes — ideal for stunt riding but not , unfortunately , for some of the eroded chalk faces .
in surrey , for example , mountain bikers have [found out] the joys of box hill 's seemingly endless chalk slopes — ideal for stunt riding but not , unfortunately , for some of the eroded chalk faces .

If they have since discovered that this contact can be fulfilling and life-enhancing — and this is certainly not always the case — it is because they have benefited from the broader range of experiences which this contact has offered .
if they have since [found out] that this contact can be fulfilling and life-enhancing — and this is certainly not always the case — it is because they have benefited from the broader range of experiences which this contact has offered .

Some weeks previously we had discovered from Louise Hay 's booklet , The Mental Causes for Physical Illness that fibroids represented the nursing of a hurt from a partner .
some weeks previously we had [found out] from louise hay 's booklet , the mental causes for physical illness that fibroids represented the nursing of a hurt from a partner .

In a major study of poor families in the inner city , it was discovered that a large majority of parents saw the teacher as a person of authority whose action they were prepared to back up , especially if they saw it as strict .
in a major study of poor families in the inner city , it was [found out] that a large majority of parents saw the teacher as a person of authority whose action they were prepared to back up , especially if they saw it as strict .

The fact that Blake was missing was not discovered until 7.20 p.m. and the first call to the police did not occur until 7.43 p.m. so Blake had roughly two hours ' start .
the fact that blake was missing was not [found out] until 7.20 p.m. and the first call to the police did not occur until 7.43 p.m. so blake had roughly two hours ' start .

The identity of the person who abandoned the Zodiac dinghy and therefore presumably planted the bombs has never been discovered but from the descriptions it seems fairly certain it was Bartelo from the Ouvéa , while the man who helped him get the dinghy into the water was Mafart .
the identity of the person who abandoned the zodiac dinghy and therefore presumably planted the bombs has never been [found out] but from the descriptions it seems fairly certain it was bartelo from the ouvéa , while the man who helped him get the dinghy into the water was mafart .

They discovered it had been hired by a Swiss honeymoon couple and they put out an alert for them .
they [found out] it had been hired by a swiss honeymoon couple and they put out an alert for them .

Instead they asked the company for a refund on their hire agreement and when the airport office checked with the Auckland office they discovered the pair were wanted by the police .
instead they asked the company for a refund on their hire agreement and when the airport office checked with the auckland office they [found out] the pair were wanted by the police .

Those working around Reagan soon discovered that he was a very lazy president .
those working around reagan soon [found out] that he was a very lazy president .

But meanwhile North had discovered that the secret shipments of arms to Iran were generating upwards of $ 15 million which he proposed diverting to fund the American-backed Contra forces fighting in Nicaragua for whom Congress had refused to provide any further financial aid on the grounds that Reagan was involving America in an operation to overthrow by force another country 's legitimate government .
but meanwhile north had [found out] that the secret shipments of arms to iran were generating upwards of $ 15 million which he proposed diverting to fund the american-backed contra forces fighting in nicaragua for whom congress had refused to provide any further financial aid on the grounds that reagan was involving america in an operation to overthrow by force another country 's legitimate government .

Leapor was , of course , discovered by Freemantle who , though relatively learned , had to bring her friend to the attention of others who had the social connections to promote her work :
leapor was , of course , [found out] by freemantle who , though relatively learned , had to bring her friend to the attention of others who had the social connections to promote her work :

Another pressing reason for leaving was that Jeanne Hébuterne had just discovered that she was pregnant and she had confessed as much to her mother .
another pressing reason for leaving was that jeanne hébuterne had just [found out] that she was pregnant and she had confessed as much to her mother .

By giving the vote to some ten million electors this élite had discovered that the people 's will did not necessarily correspond with those of their masters and Louis-Napoleon had reaped the benefit as the people 's choice .
by giving the vote to some ten million electors this élite had [found out] that the people 's will did not necessarily correspond with those of their masters and louis-napoleon had reaped the benefit as the people 's choice .

… not only on account of the manner of its content but also on account of the manner of its distribution , have the effect of a red rag upon the Gallic bull ; … it is important that we should be the party attacked and this Gallic overweening and touchiness will make us if we announce in the face of Europe … that we fearlessly meet the public threats of France … The guests cheered up immediately , discovered their appetite … and spoke in more cheerful vein .
… not only on account of the manner of its content but also on account of the manner of its distribution , have the effect of a red rag upon the gallic bull ; … it is important that we should be the party attacked and this gallic overweening and touchiness will make us if we announce in the face of europe … that we fearlessly meet the public threats of france … the guests cheered up immediately , [found out] their appetite … and spoke in more cheerful vein .

Even finding food was difficult , as Filon , the Empress 's secretary , discovered when he went to find some soup for her in an attempt to make her eat after nearly 36 hours with virtually nothing :
even finding food was difficult , as filon , the empress 's secretary , [found out] when he went to find some soup for her in an attempt to make her eat after nearly 36 hours with virtually nothing :

He discovered that Willis was , indeed , in his room .
he [found out] that willis was , indeed , in his room .

‘ It is possible that the body was taken to the Close only a short time before it was discovered , ’ Morton said .
‘ it is possible that the body was taken to the close only a short time before it was [found out] , ’ morton said .

What have you discovered ?
what have you [found out] ?

You will be called to give evidence of having discovered the body .
you will be called to give evidence of having [found out] the body .

He turned what little they had discovered over and over in his mind .
he turned what little they had [found out] over and over in his mind .

‘ Have you discovered anything for me ? ’ he asked the man behind the counter .
‘ have you [found out] anything for me ? ’ he asked the man behind the counter .

‘ Have you discovered where she was murdered ? ’ Catherine persisted .
‘ have you [found out] where she was murdered ? ’ catherine persisted .

‘ That was before the body was discovered ? ’
‘ that was before the body was [found out] ? ’

Suppose Miss Marsden discovered it ?
suppose miss marsden [found out] it ?

You killed him , during the journey , paid off the cab in Cheapside and left the body to be discovered by some old biddy in Liverpool Street station .
you killed him , during the journey , paid off the cab in cheapside and left the body to be [found out] by some old biddy in liverpool street station .

Not that they would , in any sense , agree to act as spies ; anything they discovered about his private life , they would treat with total discretion , he was sure of that .
not that they would , in any sense , agree to act as spies ; anything they [found out] about his private life , they would treat with total discretion , he was sure of that .

They discovered the olive oil we had left behind and they took all our olive oil machines .
they [found out] the olive oil we had left behind and they took all our olive oil machines .

We discovered the Syrians sheltering under the walls of Avenue Charles Helou as they came under intermittent shellfire , apparently from Palestinian positions a mile away .
we [found out] the syrians sheltering under the walls of avenue charles helou as they came under intermittent shellfire , apparently from palestinian positions a mile away .

Rich mineral deposits were discovered here in the early nineteenth century : coal , iron , limestone .
rich mineral deposits were [found out] here in the early nineteenth century : coal , iron , limestone .

There was nothing new in it to be discovered , and it was preventing them from making new discoveries elsewhere .
there was nothing new in it to be [found out] , and it was preventing them from making new discoveries elsewhere .

If it turns out that this is not the case , if it is discovered that the prohibition denies the would-be rapists more of a chance to pursue the good life than it gives their possible victims , then one may have to adjust other features of the political framework to make sure that this does not result in inequality of ability to pursue one 's conception of the good .
if it turns out that this is not the case , if it is [found out] that the prohibition denies the would-be rapists more of a chance to pursue the good life than it gives their possible victims , then one may have to adjust other features of the political framework to make sure that this does not result in inequality of ability to pursue one 's conception of the good .

With this , however , there was concern that , over the years , the radioactivity would still find its way into the oceans through a network of recently discovered lakes beneath the ice .
with this , however , there was concern that , over the years , the radioactivity would still find its way into the oceans through a network of recently [found out] lakes beneath the ice .

When two geologists were discovered surveying the hills north of Machynlleth , their landrover was chased along mountain roads until cornered by angry farmers .
when two geologists were [found out] surveying the hills north of machynlleth , their landrover was chased along mountain roads until cornered by angry farmers .

When the divers went over the side to swim down the seventy feet to the pipe , however , they immediately discovered how hazardous it really was .
when the divers went over the side to swim down the seventy feet to the pipe , however , they immediately [found out] how hazardous it really was .

As soon as it was discovered , there was immediate action by the Department of the Environment .
as soon as it was [found out] , there was immediate action by the department of the environment .

The original jammed valve was finally discovered , over two hours after the sequence of events had begun .
the original jammed valve was finally [found out] , over two hours after the sequence of events had begun .

An active group of villagers discovered that there could be up to eighty of these heavy loads .
an active group of villagers [found out] that there could be up to eighty of these heavy loads .

Salter later discovered that the figures on the costs of building his device appeared to have been deliberately misrepresented in order to justify this decision .
salter later [found out] that the figures on the costs of building his device appeared to have been deliberately misrepresented in order to justify this decision .

With sheep farmers in Wales still unable to market their lambs , and with new ‘ hot spots ’ of contamination still being discovered in parts of the country , this was a crisis that was continuing to leave its mark well beyond the Ukraine .
with sheep farmers in wales still unable to market their lambs , and with new ‘ hot spots ’ of contamination still being [found out] in parts of the country , this was a crisis that was continuing to leave its mark well beyond the ukraine .

Pretending to be a Polish airman , he almost flew off from Carlisle with one of Britain 's newest fighter planes before his true identity was discovered .
pretending to be a polish airman , he almost flew off from carlisle with one of britain 's newest fighter planes before his true identity was [found out] .

Soon after the canoe was dug up , a small copper kettle was discovered , and in 1728 a copper tea-pot stroup was found , still in excellent condition .
soon after the canoe was dug up , a small copper kettle was [found out] , and in 1728 a copper tea-pot stroup was found , still in excellent condition .

In Loch nan Geireann , between Beinn Dhubh Shollais and Crogary Hills , in the north is Eilean an Tighe , where archaeologists discovered the remains of what is probably the oldest pottery workshop in Western Europe .
in loch nan geireann , between beinn dhubh shollais and crogary hills , in the north is eilean an tighe , where archaeologists [found out] the remains of what is probably the oldest pottery workshop in western europe .

Cook may have sensed that , like a cloud of anti-matter , he was fated to destroy whatever he discovered .
cook may have sensed that , like a cloud of anti-matter , he was fated to destroy whatever he [found out] .

Yet cave explorers , always indefatigable in their search for holes in the ground , have discovered several apertures in the beds of the streams coming down from Barbon High Fell , many of them admitting to underground passages and caves attained only by arduous effort .
yet cave explorers , always indefatigable in their search for holes in the ground , have [found out] several apertures in the beds of the streams coming down from barbon high fell , many of them admitting to underground passages and caves attained only by arduous effort .

It was discovered by chance .
it was [found out] by chance .

( c ) The El Salvador Human Rights Campaign discovered at 1 o'clock one day that Henry Kissinger was due to pay a flying visit to London .
( c ) the el salvador human rights campaign [found out] at 1 o'clock one day that henry kissinger was due to pay a flying visit to london .

But , as civil servants have discovered in the past , prosecution under the Official Secrets Act may be brought even where the civil servant ( or the engineer in this case ) is exposing improper or even illegal conduct by the executive .
but , as civil servants have [found out] in the past , prosecution under the official secrets act may be brought even where the civil servant ( or the engineer in this case ) is exposing improper or even illegal conduct by the executive .

The supposed dogma that no new prerogatives may be created hardly matters when there are endless old ones such as this waiting to be discovered .
the supposed dogma that no new prerogatives may be created hardly matters when there are endless old ones such as this waiting to be [found out] .

If he had enquired into it , he would have discovered that there are examples among Huguenot families of names changing in that way , but that nobody named Craingeau or Gringaud or anything else that might sound like Cranko is listed among the Huguenot settlers in South Africa .
if he had enquired into it , he would have [found out] that there are examples among huguenot families of names changing in that way , but that nobody named craingeau or gringaud or anything else that might sound like cranko is listed among the huguenot settlers in south africa .

What he discovered caused the jottings by John 's father to fall into place , separating fact from speculation , and what follows is based mainly on collating those two sources .
what he [found out] caused the jottings by john 's father to fall into place , separating fact from speculation , and what follows is based mainly on collating those two sources .

South Africa was a big , thinly populated country , its interior only just being opened up as its mineral wealth was discovered .
south africa was a big , thinly populated country , its interior only just being opened up as its mineral wealth was [found out] .

They had discovered the possibilities of cotton growing in the district ’ and they puzzled their Boer neighbours by their zest for games ( cricket , golf , polo ) and for such strange , unnecessary luxuries as electricity or water plumbing in their homes , or even wrought iron gates instead of the traditional wire strands which had to be laboriously fastened with primitive devices .
they had [found out] the possibilities of cotton growing in the district ’ and they puzzled their boer neighbours by their zest for games ( cricket , golf , polo ) and for such strange , unnecessary luxuries as electricity or water plumbing in their homes , or even wrought iron gates instead of the traditional wire strands which had to be laboriously fastened with primitive devices .

Using this approach we believe we may have discovered the signal .
using this approach we believe we may have [found out] the signal .

The results were equivocal , but to his surprise he found that when he grafted the tissue to the anterior margin of the limb there was a dramatic change in the development of the limb — a whole new set of digits developed : he had discovered the polarizing region .
the results were equivocal , but to his surprise he found that when he grafted the tissue to the anterior margin of the limb there was a dramatic change in the development of the limb — a whole new set of digits developed : he had [found out] the polarizing region .

In 1983 a hairy snail was discovered in the Thames marshes near Kew , where its ancestors had lived for the last 10,000 years .
in 1983 a hairy snail was [found out] in the thames marshes near kew , where its ancestors had lived for the last 10,000 years .

He had discovered a method of intercepting springs , and , using stone to seal his drains , he and others like him set about spreading the gospel of effective underdrainage .
he had [found out] a method of intercepting springs , and , using stone to seal his drains , he and others like him set about spreading the gospel of effective underdrainage .

His composure would vanish , his grey eyes would shift around the room and , muttering something about antibiotics , he would disappear to the other end of the room , where some hours later he would be discovered at some local worthy 's side , discussing parking problems at Waitrose with the quiet authority of a great physician .
his composure would vanish , his grey eyes would shift around the room and , muttering something about antibiotics , he would disappear to the other end of the room , where some hours later he would be [found out] at some local worthy 's side , discussing parking problems at waitrose with the quiet authority of a great physician .

These days he had trouble recalling the troublesome fragments of his education he had bothered to memorize in the first place ; the names of a few acquaintances were jumbled together with old verb forms and things he thought were childhood haunts turned out to be places he had only just discovered .
these days he had trouble recalling the troublesome fragments of his education he had bothered to memorize in the first place ; the names of a few acquaintances were jumbled together with old verb forms and things he thought were childhood haunts turned out to be places he had only just [found out] .

‘ My God , ’ she said , sounding a bit like a vicar who has just discovered the Third World , ‘ this makes one 's own problems seem pretty small , does n't it ? ’
‘ my god , ’ she said , sounding a bit like a vicar who has just [found out] the third world , ‘ this makes one 's own problems seem pretty small , does n't it ? ’

Robert Southey ( 1774–1843 ) who was later to become poet laureate , discovered the medieval Chronica del Cid during his childhood in Spain , and later made a translation which became something of a best-seller in the nineteenth century .
robert southey ( 1774–1843 ) who was later to become poet laureate , [found out] the medieval chronica del cid during his childhood in spain , and later made a translation which became something of a best-seller in the nineteenth century .

There is a cliff in Kaiserslautern which holds a cave so deep and mysterious that no one has discovered its bottom .
there is a cliff in kaiserslautern which holds a cave so deep and mysterious that no one has [found out] its bottom .

It was in this early training ground that Britain discovered its propensity for colonization and love of Empire .
it was in this early training ground that britain [found out] its propensity for colonization and love of empire .

The link , however , was discovered soon after systematic depth soundings were taken , when it was discovered that there was a long submarine mountain range running down the middle of the Atlantic from Arctic to Antarctic .
the link , however , was [found out] soon after systematic depth soundings were taken , when it was [found out] that there was a long submarine mountain range running down the middle of the atlantic from arctic to antarctic .

These moulds were found as holes in the ash by the nineteenth century excavators , and they discovered that by pouring in a setting compound such as plaster of Paris they could obtain a complete three dimensional cast of the original corpse .
these moulds were found as holes in the ash by the nineteenth century excavators , and they [found out] that by pouring in a setting compound such as plaster of paris they could obtain a complete three dimensional cast of the original corpse .

Elsie lived but we know very little about her beyond a few basic facts : she married an older man who was rather irascible and treated her badly ; she disappeared in mysterious circumstances when she was about twenty-six ; her body was discovered a year ago on the bed of the filled-in Loch Craig .
elsie lived but we know very little about her beyond a few basic facts : she married an older man who was rather irascible and treated her badly ; she disappeared in mysterious circumstances when she was about twenty-six ; her body was [found out] a year ago on the bed of the filled-in loch craig .

Now for what the police discovered about Elsie .
now for what the police [found out] about elsie .

‘ First of all there was the fact that her body was never discovered .
‘ first of all there was the fact that her body was never [found out] .

If the extremely unlikely event transpires that in three years he has discovered nothing of his partner 's past , then why should he complain ?
if the extremely unlikely event transpires that in three years he has [found out] nothing of his partner 's past , then why should he complain ?

In addition , however , he will undoubtedly experience considerable psychic shock , for he will have discovered that his wife is a biological male — that , in crude , popular terms , he has married a man .
in addition , however , he will undoubtedly experience considerable psychic shock , for he will have [found out] that his wife is a biological male — that , in crude , popular terms , he has married a man .

Bill and Audrey Clark bought a house for £50,000 , and within a few months discovered that most of the window frames were infested with wet rot and required replacing .
bill and audrey clark bought a house for £50,000 , and within a few months [found out] that most of the window frames were infested with wet rot and required replacing .

Over the next twenty-eight years , driven by missionary zeal and the fire of exploration , Livingstone crossed the continent , followed the course of several vast African rivers including the Zambezi , and discovered Lake Malawi , Lake Ngami and the massive waterfall on the Zambezi which he named after Queen Victoria .
over the next twenty-eight years , driven by missionary zeal and the fire of exploration , livingstone crossed the continent , followed the course of several vast african rivers including the zambezi , and [found out] lake malawi , lake ngami and the massive waterfall on the zambezi which he named after queen victoria .

When the captain discovered this little act of initiative he changed course so that the sea roared in through the ports and flushed passengers and their game of cards from the room .
when the captain [found out] this little act of initiative he changed course so that the sea roared in through the ports and flushed passengers and their game of cards from the room .

In 1878 he tramped through the Cevennes with a donkey named Modestine and discovered the delights of Travels with a Donkey .
in 1878 he tramped through the cevennes with a donkey named modestine and [found out] the delights of travels with a donkey .

Adventurous British travellers discovered many new destinations : a party of Victorians try Japanese transport .
adventurous british travellers [found out] many new destinations : a party of victorians try japanese transport .

That low , dishonest decade was when we broke free of our parents , banished the Fifties , discovered that we 'd missed the Sixties , and tried to make the best of it with an orgy of revolting clothes , tasteless music and formless anomie .
that low , dishonest decade was when we broke free of our parents , banished the fifties , [found out] that we 'd missed the sixties , and tried to make the best of it with an orgy of revolting clothes , tasteless music and formless anomie .

It was here for example that Ian and Mick discovered the Caterers ' Club , and full of enthusiasm took me there one grey afternoon after the pubs shut .
it was here for example that ian and mick [found out] the caterers ' club , and full of enthusiasm took me there one grey afternoon after the pubs shut .

On returning to England , he discovered that several hours appeared to have separated the time of the eclipse in Italy and in England .
on returning to england , he [found out] that several hours appeared to have separated the time of the eclipse in italy and in england .

The Maya priests discovered , however , that 584 days is a slight overestimate of the average synodic period of Venus .
the maya priests [found out] , however , that 584 days is a slight overestimate of the average synodic period of venus .

Although no definite links have yet been discovered between the first mechanical clocks and earlier geared astronomical models and automata , the way in which a surviving late fourteenth-century clock such as that of Wells Cathedral displays the phases of the moon and figures which emerge at successive hours suggests that such clocks were the product of a continuing tradition from the distant past .
although no definite links have yet been [found out] between the first mechanical clocks and earlier geared astronomical models and automata , the way in which a surviving late fourteenth-century clock such as that of wells cathedral displays the phases of the moon and figures which emerge at successive hours suggests that such clocks were the product of a continuing tradition from the distant past .

Participation is an easier word to use than to implement , as was discovered by the would-be implementers of the 1969 Skeffington Report , and by many idealistic councillors in the 1980s .
participation is an easier word to use than to implement , as was [found out] by the would-be implementers of the 1969 skeffington report , and by many idealistic councillors in the 1980s .

An inquiry into the Railton Road raid by the Police Complaints Board discovered ‘ serious lapses from professional standards ’ and an ‘ institutional disregard for the niceties of the law ’ ( Benyon and Solomos , 1987 ) .
an inquiry into the railton road raid by the police complaints board [found out] ‘ serious lapses from professional standards ’ and an ‘ institutional disregard for the niceties of the law ’ ( benyon and solomos , 1987 ) .

Some adults make the choice to live on their own after they have tried various shared living arrangements and discovered that they prefer to be in control of their own life and make their own rules .
some adults make the choice to live on their own after they have tried various shared living arrangements and [found out] that they prefer to be in control of their own life and make their own rules .

Authorised is important because there was a famous case of an insurance company turning down a claim for a fitted kitchen damaged by fire when they discovered that a motorbike was in the kitchen at the time .
authorised is important because there was a famous case of an insurance company turning down a claim for a fitted kitchen damaged by fire when they [found out] that a motorbike was in the kitchen at the time .

But too long already : the fearful chance that he be discovered .
but too long already : the fearful chance that he be [found out] .

Real travellers will have discovered that most taxi drivers have only a cursory grasp of English so it may come as a surprise to learn that foreign cabbies ‘ drive at breakneck speed ’ while talking eloquently of ‘ local proverbs and giving handy hints about what to buy in the local market .
real travellers will have [found out] that most taxi drivers have only a cursory grasp of english so it may come as a surprise to learn that foreign cabbies ‘ drive at breakneck speed ’ while talking eloquently of ‘ local proverbs and giving handy hints about what to buy in the local market .

Welcome to Northampton — a town full of hidden treasures just waiting to be discovered .
welcome to northampton — a town full of hidden treasures just waiting to be [found out] .

In 1982 West Germany discovered it had serious problems with its forests — results of research indicated that half showed signs of ill health .
in 1982 west germany [found out] it had serious problems with its forests — results of research indicated that half showed signs of ill health .

The London Food Commission in its research into 299 permitted additives , discovered that in 25 cases evidence existed of severe toxic hazard .
the london food commission in its research into 299 permitted additives , [found out] that in 25 cases evidence existed of severe toxic hazard .

Vitamins were first discovered by scientists around the turn of the century .
vitamins were first [found out] by scientists around the turn of the century .

When it was later discovered that this was not the case , the final ‘ e ’ was dropped and the name became vitamin .
when it was later [found out] that this was not the case , the final ‘ e ’ was dropped and the name became vitamin .

Many of these deaths could have been prevented if the disease had been discovered earlier .
many of these deaths could have been prevented if the disease had been [found out] earlier .

It is more common in older women but , if the small changes are discovered early , there is a better chance of a successful recovery — and less likelihood of serious surgery .
it is more common in older women but , if the small changes are [found out] early , there is a better chance of a successful recovery — and less likelihood of serious surgery .

The Duke of Mar , unwelcome in Scotland following his much-criticised flight after ‘ The Fifteen ’ , was employed as a decoy , leaving Rome with a large retinue , by way of Florence , and by the time the imposture had been discovered the real Pretender had , on 8 February 1719 , himself left Rome undetected , the start of a journey which , had the stakes not been so high , would have belonged to the realm of farce .
the duke of mar , unwelcome in scotland following his much-criticised flight after ‘ the fifteen ’ , was employed as a decoy , leaving rome with a large retinue , by way of florence , and by the time the imposture had been [found out] the real pretender had , on 8 february 1719 , himself left rome undetected , the start of a journey which , had the stakes not been so high , would have belonged to the realm of farce .

The correlation between such unlikely indicators and target markets was not discovered by accident , and marketers who want to get the most out of the results of the 1991 census , which will shortly become available , should be thinking about how they will do it now .
the correlation between such unlikely indicators and target markets was not [found out] by accident , and marketers who want to get the most out of the results of the 1991 census , which will shortly become available , should be thinking about how they will do it now .

Well , as the pollsters discovered last week , people are wonderfully , maddeningly more complicated than that .
well , as the pollsters [found out] last week , people are wonderfully , maddeningly more complicated than that .

The nearest Dovercourt came to real scandal was when some of the boys discovered the red light district of Harwich .
the nearest dovercourt came to real scandal was when some of the boys [found out] the red light district of harwich .

He soon discovered that the Czechs were no better organised .
he soon [found out] that the czechs were no better organised .

Air lifts were now out of the question , but trains were still a practical proposition — as Chadwick discovered when he came to deal with the Nazi official in charge of emigration .
air lifts were now out of the question , but trains were still a practical proposition — as chadwick [found out] when he came to deal with the nazi official in charge of emigration .

Once they found their bearings some of them even discovered a few side-benefits to internment :
once they found their bearings some of them even [found out] a few side-benefits to internment :

Hard conditions were not necessarily a bar to enjoying hostel life as Martha Levy discovered :
hard conditions were not necessarily a bar to enjoying hostel life as martha levy [found out] :

The borderline between teasing and victimisation was easily crossed as Herbert Gale ( Hans Groschler ) discovered :
the borderline between teasing and victimisation was easily crossed as herbert gale ( hans groschler ) [found out] :

As many parents have discovered , the problem with disposable nappies up to now has been with that word ‘ disposable ’ .
as many parents have [found out] , the problem with disposable nappies up to now has been with that word ‘ disposable ’ .

We discovered that a paella needed to be ordered at lunchtime for the evening , and went back to eat it while watching boats come back in the gathering gloom .
we [found out] that a paella needed to be ordered at lunchtime for the evening , and went back to eat it while watching boats come back in the gathering gloom .

By filling empty tins and jam jars with peas , lentils etc. , and also with larger objects like apples and nuts , they discovered for themselves that many small , but few larger , things fill the same container .
by filling empty tins and jam jars with peas , lentils etc. , and also with larger objects like apples and nuts , they [found out] for themselves that many small , but few larger , things fill the same container .

When Mark returned with a large wooden and discovered that it floated , he looked up and a slow smile crept over his face as he said , ‘ It 's a trick ! ’
when mark returned with a large wooden and [found out] that it floated , he looked up and a slow smile crept over his face as he said , ‘ it 's a trick ! ’

Later , Patrick discovered that Tracey 's tree would not balance as one rod was not pushed in as far as the others .
later , patrick [found out] that tracey 's tree would not balance as one rod was not pushed in as far as the others .

These include the specialist locating devices that enable the ferret 's progress underground to be monitored and its exact position to be discovered .
these include the specialist locating devices that enable the ferret 's progress underground to be monitored and its exact position to be [found out] .

She may have discovered a nest of young rabbits , a delicacy indeed in her terms , had a very good meal and then gone off to sleep within the rabbit 's nest .
she may have [found out] a nest of young rabbits , a delicacy indeed in her terms , had a very good meal and then gone off to sleep within the rabbit 's nest .

So far , we have discovered that particular movements are especially distressing while noise has no apparent effect on the birds .
so far , we have [found out] that particular movements are especially distressing while noise has no apparent effect on the birds .

As a matter of interest , Dr Jean Valnet and other doctors in the field of clinical aromatherapy have discovered that blends of certain essential oils are not only more powerful than when used singly , but that the mysterious factor of synergy is at work — the whole becoming greater than the sum of its equal parts .
as a matter of interest , dr jean valnet and other doctors in the field of clinical aromatherapy have [found out] that blends of certain essential oils are not only more powerful than when used singly , but that the mysterious factor of synergy is at work — the whole becoming greater than the sum of its equal parts .

As well as discovering edible and medicinal plants , our early ancestors discovered something even more interesting : that certain aromatic plants , when burnt on the fire , gave rise to altered states of consciousness .
as well as discovering edible and medicinal plants , our early ancestors [found out] something even more interesting : that certain aromatic plants , when burnt on the fire , gave rise to altered states of consciousness .

In fact , Bronwen had already discovered that Owen would ‘ go berserk ’ after a tin of soup containing monosodium glutamate , or fish fingers coloured with tartrazine ( now largely withdrawn as a food colouring agent ) .
in fact , bronwen had already [found out] that owen would ‘ go berserk ’ after a tin of soup containing monosodium glutamate , or fish fingers coloured with tartrazine ( now largely withdrawn as a food colouring agent ) .

However , as Marguerite Maury and other eminent people in the field of aromatherapy have discovered , the emotional ( as well as the physical ) effects can last for sometime afterwards , whether the aroma is still perceptible or not .
however , as marguerite maury and other eminent people in the field of aromatherapy have [found out] , the emotional ( as well as the physical ) effects can last for sometime afterwards , whether the aroma is still perceptible or not .

It was also discovered at Warwick that , if we dislike an aroma , we are able to block its effect on the central nervous system .
it was also [found out] at warwick that , if we dislike an aroma , we are able to block its effect on the central nervous system .

Furthermore , as many other natural therapists have discovered , it can be used as an all-round health aid .
furthermore , as many other natural therapists have [found out] , it can be used as an all-round health aid .

Unfortunately , as so may women have discovered , it is not as simple as that .
unfortunately , as so may women have [found out] , it is not as simple as that .

This system of healing was discovered by Edward Bach , a doctor who had practised for over 20 years in London as a consultant , bacteriologist and homoeopath .
this system of healing was [found out] by edward bach , a doctor who had practised for over 20 years in london as a consultant , bacteriologist and homoeopath .

It is best , perhaps , not to speculate whether the hostelry still exists in which he discovered ‘ … a low-spirited little man sitting at an empty ‘ bar ’ and hiding himself , as it were , from all mortal inspection behind the full sheet of a dirty provincial newspaper .
it is best , perhaps , not to speculate whether the hostelry still exists in which he [found out] ‘ … a low-spirited little man sitting at an empty ‘ bar ’ and hiding himself , as it were , from all mortal inspection behind the full sheet of a dirty provincial newspaper .

Many groups have not yet discovered that degree of mutual trust .
many groups have not yet [found out] that degree of mutual trust .

Ann Upton the returning officer for the East Hampshire constituency told the Herald on Thursday that the ballot box had been taken out of the small office and made freely accessible to voters — meanwhile our photographer discovered that it had been simply relocated in the forest .
ann upton the returning officer for the east hampshire constituency told the herald on thursday that the ballot box had been taken out of the small office and made freely accessible to voters — meanwhile our photographer [found out] that it had been simply relocated in the forest .

On Saturday the owner of another shed at the caravan park discovered that it had been entered and a fishing rod and other fishing equipment , worth £120 , was taken .
on saturday the owner of another shed at the caravan park [found out] that it had been entered and a fishing rod and other fishing equipment , worth £120 , was taken .

Wilson , himself a soccer fan , was the same , as Crossman discovered when he went to see him in April 1970 about a set of lectures on Cabinet government he was preparing for Harvard :
wilson , himself a soccer fan , was the same , as crossman [found out] when he went to see him in april 1970 about a set of lectures on cabinet government he was preparing for harvard :

The truth about the wartime payments remained hidden with the documents , and the extent of Leeds City 's guilt ( if any ) has never been discovered .
the truth about the wartime payments remained hidden with the documents , and the extent of leeds city 's guilt ( if any ) has never been [found out] .

Upon taking up his new post , he discovered that the bearings were not strong enough and put great strains upon the axles which broke regularly .
upon taking up his new post , he [found out] that the bearings were not strong enough and put great strains upon the axles which broke regularly .

West of the town is Torbane , the location where James Young discovered the oil shale which was given the geological name Torbanite ( see Broxburn ) .
west of the town is torbane , the location where james young [found out] the oil shale which was given the geological name torbanite ( see broxburn ) .

The local deposits of tin and copper had been extracted from prehistoric times , the people of the Bronze Age having discovered how to make an alloy of the two metals that could be shaped into knives and tools far superior to the flint axes and other stone tools and weapons they had used hitherto .
the local deposits of tin and copper had been extracted from prehistoric times , the people of the bronze age having [found out] how to make an alloy of the two metals that could be shaped into knives and tools far superior to the flint axes and other stone tools and weapons they had used hitherto .

At this village north of St Austell is the Wheal Martyn China Clay Works , now preserved as an open-air museum of the industry that brought prosperity to this part of Cornwall from the mid-eighteenth century , when William Cookworthy , a Plymouth Quaker and apothecary , discovered kaolin , the chief ingredient of porcelain , which had been a secret closely guarded by the Chinese for over a thousand years .
at this village north of st austell is the wheal martyn china clay works , now preserved as an open-air museum of the industry that brought prosperity to this part of cornwall from the mid-eighteenth century , when william cookworthy , a plymouth quaker and apothecary , [found out] kaolin , the chief ingredient of porcelain , which had been a secret closely guarded by the chinese for over a thousand years .

Various local crafts and agricultural implements are represented , but there is also a blacksmith 's forge and a Tudor glass furnace , discovered in Rosedale ( q.v . )
various local crafts and agricultural implements are represented , but there is also a blacksmith 's forge and a tudor glass furnace , [found out] in rosedale ( q.v . )

Prussian blue , a dark rich blue discovered in Berlin in 1704 , alluding to the colour of Tony Weller 's face .
prussian blue , a dark rich blue [found out] in berlin in 1704 , alluding to the colour of tony weller 's face .

Reuben Haredale 's steward , who murders his master for money , and also the latter 's gardener in circumstances that shall make it seem that the body , when discovered , is that of Rudge himself .
reuben haredale 's steward , who murders his master for money , and also the latter 's gardener in circumstances that shall make it seem that the body , when [found out] , is that of rudge himself .

Rule of simple proportion by which , given the relationship of two entities , the proportional relationship of a third can be discovered .
rule of simple proportion by which , given the relationship of two entities , the proportional relationship of a third can be [found out] .

As people became more intensely aware of the pleasures of beauty they wanted to create it for themselves and another new source of happiness was discovered .
as people became more intensely aware of the pleasures of beauty they wanted to create it for themselves and another new source of happiness was [found out] .

Several tunnels were completed but discovered before they could be used because the escapers were ‘ waiting for the thaw ’ or ‘ for the berries to appear on the hedgerows ’ , and sometimes individuals would fail to go through with attempts ( which others carried out ) because ‘ their boots were being mended ’ or ‘ they had sprained an ankle playing basketball ’ .
several tunnels were completed but [found out] before they could be used because the escapers were ‘ waiting for the thaw ’ or ‘ for the berries to appear on the hedgerows ’ , and sometimes individuals would fail to go through with attempts ( which others carried out ) because ‘ their boots were being mended ’ or ‘ they had sprained an ankle playing basketball ’ .

Guards were either abruptly mistrustful or effusively friendly when they discovered that you could speak their language .
guards were either abruptly mistrustful or effusively friendly when they [found out] that you could speak their language .

Inland Revenue employees discovered this when they took a claim — that the Revenue 's requirement that they transfer from manual methods to using a computerised system was in breach of contract — to the High Court .
inland revenue employees [found out] this when they took a claim — that the revenue 's requirement that they transfer from manual methods to using a computerised system was in breach of contract — to the high court .

An employee discovered this to her cost in the case of Staffordshire County Council v Donovan ( 1981 ) .
an employee [found out] this to her cost in the case of staffordshire county council v donovan ( 1981 ) .

Carrying through life a heavy sense that early separation from Ottery had left him no better than an orphan , Coleridge took comfort in believing that his own grandfather had been an orphan before him , a nameless , parentless child , discovered beneath a Devon sky .
carrying through life a heavy sense that early separation from ottery had left him no better than an orphan , coleridge took comfort in believing that his own grandfather had been an orphan before him , a nameless , parentless child , [found out] beneath a devon sky .

Now , adrift from home and more vulnerable than ever , he discovered in himself a remarkable gift for inspiring friendship , a gift which never left him .
now , adrift from home and more vulnerable than ever , he [found out] in himself a remarkable gift for inspiring friendship , a gift which never left him .

The refuge of books , first discovered in his Aunt Susannah 's shop , still remained available to him in London , and by a curious accident he gained access to as many books as even he could want .
the refuge of books , first [found out] in his aunt susannah 's shop , still remained available to him in london , and by a curious accident he gained access to as many books as even he could want .

It was there that a letter from his brother George eventually reached him , forwarded by one of Coleridge 's friends who had discovered the full story of his flight from Cambridge .
it was there that a letter from his brother george eventually reached him , forwarded by one of coleridge 's friends who had [found out] the full story of his flight from cambridge .

When Thomas De Quincey visited Poole in 1807 , he found a ‘ stout plain-looking farmer ’ , and discovered only later that beyond the plain exterior , the proudly-maintained West Country accent , and the abrupt manner was a man of wide culture and fervently liberal viewpoint , and one who , like Coleridge himself , possessed a remarkable capacity for making friends .
when thomas de quincey visited poole in 1807 , he found a ‘ stout plain-looking farmer ’ , and [found out] only later that beyond the plain exterior , the proudly-maintained west country accent , and the abrupt manner was a man of wide culture and fervently liberal viewpoint , and one who , like coleridge himself , possessed a remarkable capacity for making friends .

He discovered soon after his return to the city that she had refused two offers of marriage — one from a wealthy suitor — on the strength of the promise made to him at Bath , and that she continued to love him ‘ with an affection to the ardor of which my Deserts bear no proportion ’ .
he [found out] soon after his return to the city that she had refused two offers of marriage — one from a wealthy suitor — on the strength of the promise made to him at bath , and that she continued to love him ‘ with an affection to the ardor of which my deserts bear no proportion ’ .

The cottage which they eventually discovered at Clevedon , on the Somerset coast south of Bristol , was not quite the ‘ honeymoon cottage ’ it has often been called .
the cottage which they eventually [found out] at clevedon , on the somerset coast south of bristol , was not quite the ‘ honeymoon cottage ’ it has often been called .

But Coleridge soon discovered the shortcomings of Clevedon , and especially the inconvenient distance separating it from his literary friends in Bristol , and from the indispensable Bristol City Library .
but coleridge soon [found out] the shortcomings of clevedon , and especially the inconvenient distance separating it from his literary friends in bristol , and from the indispensable bristol city library .

During one of his Somerset visits he had already discovered Adscombe , a hamlet of Over Stowey parish not far from Tom Poole 's cousins at Marshmills .
during one of his somerset visits he had already [found out] adscombe , a hamlet of over stowey parish not far from tom poole 's cousins at marshmills .

Coleridge had discovered during the final weeks at Bristol that the devoted but unstable Lloyd was subject to attacks of mania and was a sufferer from epilepsy .
coleridge had [found out] during the final weeks at bristol that the devoted but unstable lloyd was subject to attacks of mania and was a sufferer from epilepsy .

They discovered not only the Poulett mansion but a very fine view , perhaps from the Warren House above the park , and were , Dorothy wrote to a friend , ‘ amply repaid ’ for their trouble .
they [found out] not only the poulett mansion but a very fine view , perhaps from the warren house above the park , and were , dorothy wrote to a friend , ‘ amply repaid ’ for their trouble .

Walsh reached the Globe Inn at Stowey on 15 August 1797 with instructions to give a ‘ precise account ’ of anything he discovered , and to seek necessary help from Sir Philip Hales , a magistrate living at Brymore in Cannington .
walsh reached the globe inn at stowey on 15 august 1797 with instructions to give a ‘ precise account ’ of anything he [found out] , and to seek necessary help from sir philip hales , a magistrate living at brymore in cannington .

The award is given every two years and it is generally a requirement that the discovered drug is in therapeutic use .
the award is given every two years and it is generally a requirement that the [found out] drug is in therapeutic use .

Does quantum chemistry offer genuine predictions in the sense of facts yet to be discovered ?
does quantum chemistry offer genuine predictions in the sense of facts yet to be [found out] ?

Yellow phosphine ( 7 ) was not only the first acridinium compound to be discovered , but was also the first basic orange dyestuff .
yellow phosphine ( 7 ) was not only the first acridinium compound to be [found out] , but was also the first basic orange dyestuff .

Secondly , a number of views of this procedure can be considered relevant , eg from the point of view of the individual who is concerned with the speedy settlement of claims , the administrative assistant who checks the claims for errors , and the boss who is concerned with the effect on his status if a large number of false claims were to be made , and discovered outside the section . An uncontentious view could give rise to a conceptual model ( Fig 13.8 ) that reflects the actual procedures followed , based on the transformation :
secondly , a number of views of this procedure can be considered relevant , eg from the point of view of the individual who is concerned with the speedy settlement of claims , the administrative assistant who checks the claims for errors , and the boss who is concerned with the effect on his status if a large number of false claims were to be made , and [found out] outside the section . an uncontentious view could give rise to a conceptual model ( fig 13.8 ) that reflects the actual procedures followed , based on the transformation :

In another text Ulpian states that , if it can not be discovered from the testator 's habits , his domicile , or the context in the will which denomination was intended , then the smaller denomination is to be understood .
in another text ulpian states that , if it can not be [found out] from the testator 's habits , his domicile , or the context in the will which denomination was intended , then the smaller denomination is to be understood .

It is not at all clear how the testator 's intentions are to be discovered ; the force of the word maxime may be to suggest that there is a presumption that in normal circumstances the heir will redeem .
it is not at all clear how the testator 's intentions are to be [found out] ; the force of the word maxime may be to suggest that there is a presumption that in normal circumstances the heir will redeem .

And , damn it , yes : Daniel must have been killed to prevent the personation being discovered .
and , damn it , yes : daniel must have been killed to prevent the personation being [found out] .

Fedorov had not thought anyone could have discovered that much , not only about his French activities , but those during his youth in Russia .
fedorov had not thought anyone could have [found out] that much , not only about his french activities , but those during his youth in russia .

‘ He is rather a talkative person , as no doubt you have discovered .
‘ he is rather a talkative person , as no doubt you have [found out] .

‘ On the body were discovered certain papers which made it only too clear to the marshal and me , though not to those halfwits at the frontier , thank God , that Fräulein Müller and her companion were not , as we had assumed , acting for the Austrians , but for our own High Police .
‘ on the body were [found out] certain papers which made it only too clear to the marshal and me , though not to those halfwits at the frontier , thank god , that fräulein müller and her companion were not , as we had assumed , acting for the austrians , but for our own high police .

In the sudden blaze the emperor was discovered blinking angrily at a tree-stump with which he had collided in the dark .
in the sudden blaze the emperor was [found out] blinking angrily at a tree-stump with which he had collided in the dark .

There , whilst waiting , he had made the mistake of sitting down , and now discovered to his chagrin that when he wanted to stand again his legs would not respond .
there , whilst waiting , he had made the mistake of sitting down , and now [found out] to his chagrin that when he wanted to stand again his legs would not respond .

Prime Minister William Gladstone is another well-known figure whose speeches have been ‘ discovered ’ from time to time recorded on cylinders .
prime minister william gladstone is another well-known figure whose speeches have been ‘ [found out] ’ from time to time recorded on cylinders .

The calamity was discovered after he left , and the next morning he gave a totally different and even more eloquent record to Edison 's enterprising representative , Colonel Gouraud ’ .
the calamity was [found out] after he left , and the next morning he gave a totally different and even more eloquent record to edison 's enterprising representative , colonel gouraud ’ .

It was found that the machine had been purchased by a Sultan in the Middle East , but its whereabouts could not be discovered .
it was found that the machine had been purchased by a sultan in the middle east , but its whereabouts could not be [found out] .

But even if letters are available for research ( perhaps a secret cache is discovered in an old house ) , they still have their limitations .
but even if letters are available for research ( perhaps a secret cache is [found out] in an old house ) , they still have their limitations .

Gautama Buddha looked on himself as a doctor and discovered the correct diagnosis of man 's suffering .
gautama buddha looked on himself as a doctor and [found out] the correct diagnosis of man 's suffering .

Many people have recently discovered the health club or gymnasium where machines are used to work and tone different parts of the body .
many people have recently [found out] the health club or gymnasium where machines are used to work and tone different parts of the body .

But Copernicus dealt it a crippling blow when he discovered that the sun , and not the earth , was the centre of our insignificant system .
but copernicus dealt it a crippling blow when he [found out] that the sun , and not the earth , was the centre of our insignificant system .

It is also conceivable that there are still natural laws which are still to be discovered and named .
it is also conceivable that there are still natural laws which are still to be [found out] and named .

Go through the list and tick any new information you have discovered about the product .
go through the list and tick any new information you have [found out] about the product .

At the top the beetles have discovered the dead mouse ; they bury it by tunnelling beneath it and removing the earth from below so that it drops down into the excavation ; at the bottom as the mouse sinks down into the earth the beetles roll it into a ball ready for the reception of their eggs .
at the top the beetles have [found out] the dead mouse ; they bury it by tunnelling beneath it and removing the earth from below so that it drops down into the excavation ; at the bottom as the mouse sinks down into the earth the beetles roll it into a ball ready for the reception of their eggs .

On completion the railway found the workmen had discovered alternative transport and the Loughton pick up did not recommence .
on completion the railway found the workmen had [found out] alternative transport and the loughton pick up did not recommence .

Mike Deakin joined the Palace from Bromsgrove in October 1954 and was among the clutch of bright young men Manager Cyril Spiers discovered among the smaller , often non-league clubs , and then drafted into Palace 's League side in the mid-1950s .
mike deakin joined the palace from bromsgrove in october 1954 and was among the clutch of bright young men manager cyril spiers [found out] among the smaller , often non-league clubs , and then drafted into palace 's league side in the mid-1950s .

Cliff Jackson was a west country boy who was discovered by Bert Head in his native Swindon , but it was from Plymouth that Mr Head brought Cliff to Selhurst Park in September 1964 .
cliff jackson was a west country boy who was [found out] by bert head in his native swindon , but it was from plymouth that mr head brought cliff to selhurst park in september 1964 .

With the widespread translation of Early Irish stories into English around the turn of the century a younger generation of Irishmen and women discovered for the first time a fresh and potent source of images to define their sense of nationality .
with the widespread translation of early irish stories into english around the turn of the century a younger generation of irishmen and women [found out] for the first time a fresh and potent source of images to define their sense of nationality .

They discovered the outcome and recorded it very well .
they [found out] the outcome and recorded it very well .

Faults were being discovered , but too late in the cycle to prevent significant wastage .
faults were being [found out] , but too late in the cycle to prevent significant wastage .

As many exasperated parents and teachers have discovered , when the punishment , or the threat of it , ceases , the old behaviour tends to pop up again !
as many exasperated parents and teachers have [found out] , when the punishment , or the threat of it , ceases , the old behaviour tends to pop up again !

Obviously his stepfather had discovered something .
obviously his stepfather had [found out] something .

Millions of people have already discovered the magic of walking and are walking regularly for fitness , slimness and health .
millions of people have already [found out] the magic of walking and are walking regularly for fitness , slimness and health .

It look a little longer to plan how she was to make the journey to Chertsey , which she had discovered was about twenty miles away .
it look a little longer to plan how she was to make the journey to chertsey , which she had [found out] was about twenty miles away .

Her skin seemed to glow , and she discovered she only had to smile at the male members of the staff and they were immediately more friendly .
her skin seemed to glow , and she [found out] she only had to smile at the male members of the staff and they were immediately more friendly .

She discovered that Ella had a sister at Staines , and on the rare occasions she visited her she went on the railway .
she [found out] that ella had a sister at staines , and on the rare occasions she visited her she went on the railway .

But she thanked the Lord that Reverend Morey had n't become a Governor sooner , for then everyone would have known about Angel , and James 's plump and prissy wife might have discovered her husband had fathered a bastard .
but she thanked the lord that reverend morey had n't become a governor sooner , for then everyone would have known about angel , and james 's plump and prissy wife might have [found out] her husband had fathered a bastard .

Nahum would be horrified if he discovered she had a child .
nahum would be horrified if he [found out] she had a child .

Her husband 's smile , which she had long since discovered to be a deceitful thing , wavered on his lips like a breeze over a cornfield , and he was slow to answer .
her husband 's smile , which she had long since [found out] to be a deceitful thing , wavered on his lips like a breeze over a cornfield , and he was slow to answer .

Nothing else , for the rectory belonged to the church , and she had discovered that her late husband 's public generosity had run him into considerable debt .
nothing else , for the rectory belonged to the church , and she had [found out] that her late husband 's public generosity had run him into considerable debt .

They discovered three whole decks taken up by cabins alone , with a fourth containing a large dining area and kitchens .
they [found out] three whole decks taken up by cabins alone , with a fourth containing a large dining area and kitchens .

Napoleone Lomellini had discovered the absence of the Jew , and had ceased pretence , at least , of possessing no powder .
napoleone lomellini had [found out] the absence of the jew , and had ceased pretence , at least , of possessing no powder .

Engraved with a crest and supported on a cylindrical stem , the eye-bath was made in London in 1818 and had been discovered in the collection of a West Yorkshire couple .
engraved with a crest and supported on a cylindrical stem , the eye-bath was made in london in 1818 and had been [found out] in the collection of a west yorkshire couple .

As she reached the outskirts of the town she stopped to ask the way , and then discovered that the traffic on the road past the White Lion was being diverted because of an accident .
as she reached the outskirts of the town she stopped to ask the way , and then [found out] that the traffic on the road past the white lion was being diverted because of an accident .

Jack Butler had discovered he could still love .
jack butler had [found out] he could still love .

By the time she was discovered , it would be too late for her to catch the plane .
by the time she was [found out] , it would be too late for her to catch the plane .

Among the results of his wide-ranging research into human sexuality Alfred Kinsey discovered what does and does not arouse both men and women :
among the results of his wide-ranging research into human sexuality alfred kinsey [found out] what does and does not arouse both men and women :

Scientists had discovered that a sudden drop in cabin pressure had caused some types of implants to swell rapidly .
scientists had [found out] that a sudden drop in cabin pressure had caused some types of implants to swell rapidly .

in return for the salon 's fee , clients discovered that they could be entertained by nude hostesses whose sole task was to read them pornographic or erotic literature .
in return for the salon 's fee , clients [found out] that they could be entertained by nude hostesses whose sole task was to read them pornographic or erotic literature .

Miss Sigrid Hemse , spinster of Gotland , Sweden fell foul of Mr Geller in a most unexpected way when she discovered that she was pregnant .
miss sigrid hemse , spinster of gotland , sweden fell foul of mr geller in a most unexpected way when she [found out] that she was pregnant .

Here he discovered his most enduring sources of sexual pleasure — pornography and masturbation .
here he [found out] his most enduring sources of sexual pleasure — pornography and masturbation .

When Sir Oliver suggests asking eight or ten per cent on the loan , Mr Moses says if he asks him no more than that his impersonation will be discovered .
when sir oliver suggests asking eight or ten per cent on the loan , mr moses says if he asks him no more than that his impersonation will be [found out] .

The clever ones soon discovered that while banknotes could be seized a bank balance could not .
the clever ones soon [found out] that while banknotes could be seized a bank balance could not .

If a borrower had rashly signed a credit agreement and then discovered he had committed himself to paying what he considered disproportionate interest , he could have his opinion confirmed , or shown to be unreasonable , by a court .
if a borrower had rashly signed a credit agreement and then [found out] he had committed himself to paying what he considered disproportionate interest , he could have his opinion confirmed , or shown to be unreasonable , by a court .

The new piece was being frantically prepared when the missing one was discovered , hidden in undergrowth .
the new piece was being frantically prepared when the missing one was [found out] , hidden in undergrowth .

Another discovered she had toothache one evening as she had been clenching her teeth all afternoon !
another [found out] she had toothache one evening as she had been clenching her teeth all afternoon !

While this was taking place , the deputy mayor spoke about the tradition and said he was sure Councillor Roland Simpson , who was about to take up his second year of office , would soon be discovered .
while this was taking place , the deputy mayor spoke about the tradition and said he was sure councillor roland simpson , who was about to take up his second year of office , would soon be [found out] .

The wicked giant , a descendant of the Norse god Thor , discovered one day that one of his boars had been killed .
the wicked giant , a descendant of the norse god thor , [found out] one day that one of his boars had been killed .

Jason Burke discovered much more than the clichés of Paris , and decided that a short visit need not be too expensive .
jason burke [found out] much more than the clichés of paris , and decided that a short visit need not be too expensive .

They had distinct personalities : princesses forced to disguise themselves as scullery maids or kidnapped into slavery ; heroines who dressed up as boys and lived in camps full of men , performing feats of daring beyond description until discovered in bed or in the bath by the hero and proclaimed as beautiful .
they had distinct personalities : princesses forced to disguise themselves as scullery maids or kidnapped into slavery ; heroines who dressed up as boys and lived in camps full of men , performing feats of daring beyond description until [found out] in bed or in the bath by the hero and proclaimed as beautiful .

One of these is the methanation reaction which occurs over a nickel metal catalyst and which was originally discovered by Sabatier and Senderens 80 years ago , Although this is widely used to make synthetic natural gas for example , there is even more interest in the production of compounds containing higher numbers of carbon atoms .
one of these is the methanation reaction which occurs over a nickel metal catalyst and which was originally [found out] by sabatier and senderens 80 years ago , although this is widely used to make synthetic natural gas for example , there is even more interest in the production of compounds containing higher numbers of carbon atoms .

These reactions , first discovered by Fischer and Tropsch in Germany in the 1920s were used to make poor quality petrol during the Second World War .
these reactions , first [found out] by fischer and tropsch in germany in the 1920s were used to make poor quality petrol during the second world war .

Traditionally , the holes have been spaced at regular intervals along the tube — but Western Electric says it has discovered that this is not the ideal approach .
traditionally , the holes have been spaced at regular intervals along the tube — but western electric says it has [found out] that this is not the ideal approach .

More than 10 years passed before a reporter at the Capital Times of Madison discovered that Strickland , in mid-1971 , had become a stockholder and officer in a corporation set up by Heber to sell the very techniques of educational intervention that Strickland credited in his article .
more than 10 years passed before a reporter at the capital times of madison [found out] that strickland , in mid-1971 , had become a stockholder and officer in a corporation set up by heber to sell the very techniques of educational intervention that strickland credited in his article .

But as the bosses of the Scottish development corporations discovered , all this is only theory .
but as the bosses of the scottish development corporations [found out] , all this is only theory .

Researchers have now discovered that even by themselves , promoters can stimulate cells to produce activated forms of oxygen , known as ‘ free radicals ’ .
researchers have now [found out] that even by themselves , promoters can stimulate cells to produce activated forms of oxygen , known as ‘ free radicals ’ .

In South Australia , for instance , geologists recently discovered a source of copper hidden under such a layer .
in south australia , for instance , geologists recently [found out] a source of copper hidden under such a layer .

In the weeks after the 1981 earthquake , it discovered a jumble of these electric pulses superimposed on the normal electrical properties of the solid Earth .
in the weeks after the 1981 earthquake , it [found out] a jumble of these electric pulses superimposed on the normal electrical properties of the solid earth .

Tim White from the University of California at Berkeley , who fell out with Mary Leakey not long after the footprints were discovered , challenged Tuttle .
tim white from the university of california at berkeley , who fell out with mary leakey not long after the footprints were [found out] , challenged tuttle .

When he arrived at head quarters he discovered that he had , by mistake , been given a ‘ slave ’ disc — one with copyguards built in .
when he arrived at head quarters he [found out] that he had , by mistake , been given a ‘ slave ’ disc — one with copyguards built in .

He discovered that colchicine , a yellow alkaloid derived from the bulbs of autumn crocus ( Colchicum ) , will sometimes cause the chromosome number of plants to double .
he [found out] that colchicine , a yellow alkaloid derived from the bulbs of autumn crocus ( colchicum ) , will sometimes cause the chromosome number of plants to double .

These mesons were eventually discovered in experiments with cosmic rays — energetic particles from outer space — in 1947 .
these mesons were eventually [found out] in experiments with cosmic rays — energetic particles from outer space — in 1947 .

However , this ley was originally discovered by scouring the whole of the British Isles and a statistical evaluation on the basis of a small square already containing the alignment is therefore not convincing and indeed erroneous .
however , this ley was originally [found out] by scouring the whole of the british isles and a statistical evaluation on the basis of a small square already containing the alignment is therefore not convincing and indeed erroneous .

Apart from uncovering hundreds of signs pointing in the wrong direction , the survey of eight counties in South West England also discovered that , to bring about consistency , an average of seven changes to place names were needed on every road intersection That is roughly equivalent to two changes on every standard rural signpost , such as the one shown in the photo graph ( left ) .
apart from uncovering hundreds of signs pointing in the wrong direction , the survey of eight counties in south west england also [found out] that , to bring about consistency , an average of seven changes to place names were needed on every road intersection that is roughly equivalent to two changes on every standard rural signpost , such as the one shown in the photo graph ( left ) .

The mimics thus are protected by their visual resemblance to the emetic models , despite being far away from the place where the crows discovered the nasty prey .
the mimics thus are protected by their visual resemblance to the emetic models , despite being far away from the place where the crows [found out] the nasty prey .

Unlike the Central Veracruz raised fields , however , most of the Maya ones discovered so far , Siemens reports , are irregularly shaped and none seems noticeably oriented in any special way .
unlike the central veracruz raised fields , however , most of the maya ones [found out] so far , siemens reports , are irregularly shaped and none seems noticeably oriented in any special way .

How fortunate that dear Ruby was discovered by Hansom and Luckey and not by ignorant persons , such as those dreadful Russians who were discovered feeding mammoth steaks to their dogs .
how fortunate that dear ruby was [found out] by hansom and luckey and not by ignorant persons , such as those dreadful russians who were [found out] feeding mammoth steaks to their dogs .

The Royal Navy rapidly came up with a countermeasure once it had discovered exactly what circuits Exocet used to foil attempts to head it off .
the royal navy rapidly came up with a countermeasure once it had [found out] exactly what circuits exocet used to foil attempts to head it off .

Thus we discovered that about 6000 males and 2000 females were breeding in the lake ( see Table ) .
thus we [found out] that about 6000 males and 2000 females were breeding in the lake ( see table ) .

The leak was first discovered last December when the Challenger 's engines were test-fired in preparation for Challenger 's first , and the space shuttle programme 's sixth flight .
the leak was first [found out] last december when the challenger 's engines were test-fired in preparation for challenger 's first , and the space shuttle programme 's sixth flight .

It was in these tumours that the peptide , called human pancreas growth hormone releasing factor , or hpGRF , was discovered .
it was in these tumours that the peptide , called human pancreas growth hormone releasing factor , or hpgrf , was [found out] .

Folkman discovered that tumours in rabbits ' ears treated with protamine grew much slower than untreated tumours .
folkman [found out] that tumours in rabbits ' ears treated with protamine grew much slower than untreated tumours .

Surely if associations could be discovered between the use of the symbols and sensed situations , then the Westerner would indeed come to learn Chinese — in the full sense .
surely if associations could be [found out] between the use of the symbols and sensed situations , then the westerner would indeed come to learn chinese — in the full sense .

In the 20th century , further deposits were discovered in Alaska in Siberia and in South Africa , this last by agents of Johnson Matthey , a firm founded in the early 19th century and which now controls the South African output .
in the 20th century , further deposits were [found out] in alaska in siberia and in south africa , this last by agents of johnson matthey , a firm founded in the early 19th century and which now controls the south african output .

Other ancient lichens have since been discovered .
other ancient lichens have since been [found out] .

The economy of the Cape Verde Islands has been precarious ever since the Portuguese discovered the uninhabited archipelago around 1460 .
the economy of the cape verde islands has been precarious ever since the portuguese [found out] the uninhabited archipelago around 1460 .

Correll has examined the way nutrients enter the bay , and discovered that improving sewage treatment and farming practices may not be enough .
correll has examined the way nutrients enter the bay , and [found out] that improving sewage treatment and farming practices may not be enough .

The idea of solitary waves travelling along rivers and canals has been around since 1844. it was considered a novelty until the early 1960s , when scientists discovered that two solitary waves travelling in opposite directions need not destroy one another , but could in fact continue unscathed .
the idea of solitary waves travelling along rivers and canals has been around since 1844. it was considered a novelty until the early 1960s , when scientists [found out] that two solitary waves travelling in opposite directions need not destroy one another , but could in fact continue unscathed .

The gas , he discovered , was easily dissolved in water , giving a sparkling drink with a ‘ pleasant acidulous taste ’ .
the gas , he [found out] , was easily dissolved in water , giving a sparkling drink with a ‘ pleasant acidulous taste ’ .

Yet , ask the average mastermind of today what Priestley is best remembered for , the reply is usually ‘ He discovered oxygen ’ .
yet , ask the average mastermind of today what priestley is best remembered for , the reply is usually ‘ he [found out] oxygen ’ .

Actually oxygen had been independently discovered by the Swede Karl Wilhelm Scheele the year before , but his findings were not published until 1777 .
actually oxygen had been independently [found out] by the swede karl wilhelm scheele the year before , but his findings were not published until 1777 .

Only a year after the invention of balloons , a book was written describing a voyage , by balloon , to the newly discovered planet Uranus .
only a year after the invention of balloons , a book was written describing a voyage , by balloon , to the newly [found out] planet uranus .

This sense of being on fresh ground where new aspects of behaviour , new distributions and even new species are still to be discovered , adds greatly to the book 's fascination as a comprehensive account of the family .
this sense of being on fresh ground where new aspects of behaviour , new distributions and even new species are still to be [found out] , adds greatly to the book 's fascination as a comprehensive account of the family .

Polonium was discovered by Marie Curie in natural uranium .
polonium was [found out] by marie curie in natural uranium .

What molecular geneticists — among them Sharp — have now discovered is that one of these families does in fact have some of the hallmarks of a transposon , and moreover has special properties that would tend to promote its expansion in succeeding generations .
what molecular geneticists — among them sharp — have now [found out] is that one of these families does in fact have some of the hallmarks of a transposon , and moreover has special properties that would tend to promote its expansion in succeeding generations .

And there was Bishop Godwin , who , having invented in Man in the Moone a hero who discovered a lunar language formed of ‘ tunes and uncouth sounds ’ , conceived the possibility of framing an earthbound language ‘ consisting of tunes only ’ .
and there was bishop godwin , who , having invented in man in the moone a hero who [found out] a lunar language formed of ‘ tunes and uncouth sounds ’ , conceived the possibility of framing an earthbound language ‘ consisting of tunes only ’ .

Prospectors have discovered titanium in many of the world 's tropical areas , for instance central America , the east coast of Africa , and Brazil .
prospectors have [found out] titanium in many of the world 's tropical areas , for instance central america , the east coast of africa , and brazil .

The new technique makes use of the non-linear interaction of intense light with matter , a phenomenon first discovered about two decades ago .
the new technique makes use of the non-linear interaction of intense light with matter , a phenomenon first [found out] about two decades ago .

At this first stage , it is essential not to go too fast , but by now most people have already done so ; they have already jumbled the cube and thereby discovered the basic mathematical problem : how do you get back to where you started ?
at this first stage , it is essential not to go too fast , but by now most people have already done so ; they have already jumbled the cube and thereby [found out] the basic mathematical problem : how do you get back to where you started ?

We showed how to achieve certain basic patterns by using the processes that we discovered and then we saw how they could be combined to achieve a large class of patterns .
we showed how to achieve certain basic patterns by using the processes that we [found out] and then we saw how they could be combined to achieve a large class of patterns .

In 1939 , Dr Paul Kosok of Long Island University discovered the enigmatic straight tracks on the pampa near Nazca , Peru , and in 1978 the zoologist Tony Morrison reported on the old straight tracks to be found in the remote altiplano region of western Bolivia .
in 1939 , dr paul kosok of long island university [found out] the enigmatic straight tracks on the pampa near nazca , peru , and in 1978 the zoologist tony morrison reported on the old straight tracks to be found in the remote altiplano region of western bolivia .

The Craigearn line was discovered by John Michell among the standing stones and stone circles marked on the one-inch Ordnance Survey map ( sheet 40 ) of the Aberdeen area ( Figure 3 ) .
the craigearn line was [found out] by john michell among the standing stones and stone circles marked on the one-inch ordnance survey map ( sheet 40 ) of the aberdeen area ( figure 3 ) .

Looking at significant lines discovered on the 1:50 000 map sheets , there are 204 of these sheets in all , and thus two chance alignments , apparently significant at the 1 per cent level , can be expected .
looking at significant lines [found out] on the 1:50 000 map sheets , there are 204 of these sheets in all , and thus two chance alignments , apparently significant at the 1 per cent level , can be expected .

But not all of these have been discovered at the 1:50000 scale , and there has not been a systematic ley hunt over all 204 sheets .
but not all of these have been [found out] at the 1:50000 scale , and there has not been a systematic ley hunt over all 204 sheets .

The Australian geologist Douglas Mawson discovered the first in 1912 when he spotted a black stony meteorite in the snow near the coast of Adelie Land ( Figure 1 ) .
the australian geologist douglas mawson [found out] the first in 1912 when he spotted a black stony meteorite in the snow near the coast of adelie land ( figure 1 ) .

No more were found until 1961 when a party from the Soviet Union discovered two fragments of a broken nickel-iron meteorite lying in a glacial moraine near Lazarev Base .
no more were found until 1961 when a party from the soviet union [found out] two fragments of a broken nickel-iron meteorite lying in a glacial moraine near lazarev base .

American and Japanese scientists worked together for three seasons , sharing equally in the specimens discovered .
american and japanese scientists worked together for three seasons , sharing equally in the specimens [found out] .

Of special significance , Mark Spencer Larsen of southeastern Massachusetts has discovered that it was the females who showed the most marked increase in dental caries .
of special significance , mark spencer larsen of southeastern massachusetts has [found out] that it was the females who showed the most marked increase in dental caries .

Scientists have discovered several polymer films that they can make either neutral or charged .
scientists have [found out] several polymer films that they can make either neutral or charged .

In these two decades , astronomers had identified the brightest radio sources , worked out that extragalactic sources have a double structure , calculated that the continuum emission is synchrotron radiation , and both predicted and discovered the 21-cm line emission from hydrogen atoms in space .
in these two decades , astronomers had identified the brightest radio sources , worked out that extragalactic sources have a double structure , calculated that the continuum emission is synchrotron radiation , and both predicted and [found out] the 21-cm line emission from hydrogen atoms in space .

As Francis Bacon , the patron saint of the scientific method , wrote four centuries ago , ‘ The Universe is not to be narrowed down to the limits of our understanding — rather the understanding must be stretched and enlarged to take in the image of the Universe as it is discovered . ’
as francis bacon , the patron saint of the scientific method , wrote four centuries ago , ‘ the universe is not to be narrowed down to the limits of our understanding — rather the understanding must be stretched and enlarged to take in the image of the universe as it is [found out] . ’

From this , he decided that he wanted to study chemistry formally and , in 1903 , went to Manchester University , where the head of chemistry was William Henry Perkin jr , whose father had discovered mauveine , the earliest synthetic dye .
from this , he decided that he wanted to study chemistry formally and , in 1903 , went to manchester university , where the head of chemistry was william henry perkin jr , whose father had [found out] mauveine , the earliest synthetic dye .

He discovered that a glass-enclosed lamp with small openings at the top and bottom to let the air in and the smoke out made a safe lamp .
he [found out] that a glass-enclosed lamp with small openings at the top and bottom to let the air in and the smoke out made a safe lamp .

Paratroopers , after losing 15 men in one of the bloodiest battles of the conflict at Goose Green , discovered crates of 35 mm anti-aircraft ammunition made and supplied by the British Manufacture and Research Company , of Grantham , Lincolnshire .
paratroopers , after losing 15 men in one of the bloodiest battles of the conflict at goose green , [found out] crates of 35 mm anti-aircraft ammunition made and supplied by the british manufacture and research company , of grantham , lincolnshire .

By analysing the thermodynamics of the process , Causton discovered a way of getting polymers to form a layer in just 3 milliseconds .
by analysing the thermodynamics of the process , causton [found out] a way of getting polymers to form a layer in just 3 milliseconds .

The same new acoustic effect has been discovered repeatedly throughout the past century !
the same new acoustic effect has been [found out] repeatedly throughout the past century !

Two have discovered another example of the effect .
two have [found out] another example of the effect .

He discovered other comets in February 1963 and September 1965 , so that four of these interplanetary spectres now bear Alcock 's name , providing him with immortality written in the sky .
he [found out] other comets in february 1963 and september 1965 , so that four of these interplanetary spectres now bear alcock 's name , providing him with immortality written in the sky .

On July 8 , 1967 , Alcock discovered his first nova , in the constellation Delphinus .
on july 8 , 1967 , alcock [found out] his first nova , in the constellation delphinus .

The following year Alcock discovered a second nova in the nearby constellation Vulpecula .
the following year alcock [found out] a second nova in the nearby constellation vulpecula .

‘ Environmental management ’ includes all those methods of reducing breeding sources that were used before residual insecticides were discovered .
‘ environmental management ’ includes all those methods of reducing breeding sources that were used before residual insecticides were [found out] .

Earlier this month the marine geologists at the survey 's western headquarters in Menlo Park , California , revealed what they discovered during a nine-month cruise last year and what they want to reexamine this year .
earlier this month the marine geologists at the survey 's western headquarters in menlo park , california , revealed what they [found out] during a nine-month cruise last year and what they want to reexamine this year .

Nevertheless , Dr Michel Halbouty , chairman of the Circum-Pacific Council for Energy and Mineral Resources , told the meeting that the findings indicated that as much oil and gas remained to be found in the Pacific as had been discovered so far worldwide .
nevertheless , dr michel halbouty , chairman of the circum-pacific council for energy and mineral resources , told the meeting that the findings indicated that as much oil and gas remained to be found in the pacific as had been [found out] so far worldwide .

Smoking shows its health effects early on , the researchers discovered .
smoking shows its health effects early on , the researchers [found out] .

The Phoenicians discovered the metal there some two and a half millennia ago .
the phoenicians [found out] the metal there some two and a half millennia ago .

Amongst smaller introduced animals are fire ants , which out-compete with the native ants ( and which can cause uncomfortable nights for camping scientists ) ; and cockroaches , which have been discovered on one or two islands and may have been transported inadvertently amongst supplies destined for scientists doing long-term research .
amongst smaller introduced animals are fire ants , which out-compete with the native ants ( and which can cause uncomfortable nights for camping scientists ) ; and cockroaches , which have been [found out] on one or two islands and may have been transported inadvertently amongst supplies destined for scientists doing long-term research .

When he re-read it he discovered he had typed ‘ Financial outcome ’ .
when he re-read it he [found out] he had typed ‘ financial outcome ’ .

Controllers regained contact with the satellite after three anxious hours , and discovered that it appeared to be in full working order .
controllers regained contact with the satellite after three anxious hours , and [found out] that it appeared to be in full working order .

No one knows whether they discovered the technique for themselves , or learnt it from others .
no one knows whether they [found out] the technique for themselves , or learnt it from others .

Garland surveyed literature for the running speeds of 107 diverse mammal species and discovered that the maximal speed tends to increase gradually with increasing body mass .
garland surveyed literature for the running speeds of 107 diverse mammal species and [found out] that the maximal speed tends to increase gradually with increasing body mass .

The first hint of such an ability in bees came years ago when von Frisch discovered that bees that had flown an indirect route to a food source were nevertheless able to indicate by their famous communication dances the straight line direction to the food .
the first hint of such an ability in bees came years ago when von frisch [found out] that bees that had flown an indirect route to a food source were nevertheless able to indicate by their famous communication dances the straight line direction to the food .

This habit of growth means that a wild cocoa tree may be effectively immortal , which is just as well because , as we soon discovered , these trees produce very few pods .
this habit of growth means that a wild cocoa tree may be effectively immortal , which is just as well because , as we soon [found out] , these trees produce very few pods .

Deposits of oil shales have been discovered at Ein Bokek near the Dead Sea .
deposits of oil shales have been [found out] at ein bokek near the dead sea .

Englert and Klaus von Klitzing at the University of Würzburg discovered about five years ago .
englert and klaus von klitzing at the university of würzburg [found out] about five years ago .

Every so often a new observation is made , a new fact discovered and another theory is formulated .
every so often a new observation is made , a new fact [found out] and another theory is formulated .

These ‘ warning clubs ’ were discovered by a German field-worker called Fritz Müller .
these ‘ warning clubs ’ were [found out] by a german field-worker called fritz müller .

Another form of mimicry was discovered by the English naturalist Henry Bates .
another form of mimicry was [found out] by the english naturalist henry bates .

Instead there is searing pain , blistering of the skin and a rapidly discovered aversion to swimming in the sea .
instead there is searing pain , blistering of the skin and a rapidly [found out] aversion to swimming in the sea .

An engineering expert in stress told me that it has recently been discovered that two pieces of metal , indistinguishable unless subjected to sophisticated tests , react differently to precisely the same amount of stress .
an engineering expert in stress told me that it has recently been [found out] that two pieces of metal , indistinguishable unless subjected to sophisticated tests , react differently to precisely the same amount of stress .

Most will have discovered by this time that love involves risk .
most will have [found out] by this time that love involves risk .

Many may have discovered that the trouble-free lifestyle they had planned has turned out to be a good bit less well-regulated and tidy than they had expected or intended it to be .
many may have [found out] that the trouble-free lifestyle they had planned has turned out to be a good bit less well-regulated and tidy than they had expected or intended it to be .

Solutions will not be discovered in solitary confinement .
solutions will not be [found out] in solitary confinement .

Six weeks after his burial , the Dragoons discovered his grave and dug up his corpse .
six weeks after his burial , the dragoons [found out] his grave and dug up his corpse .

In fact at the time the verderers were weighing these possibilities Marian , Allen , and Hugh had not yet even discovered the existence of the Swamp .
in fact at the time the verderers were weighing these possibilities marian , allen , and hugh had not yet even [found out] the existence of the swamp .

Nothing eventful occurred that night , and as Hugh had not returned , and as a careful search discovered no trace of Marian and Allen , it was decided to move on with every precaution into territory which with every yard became potentially more hostile .
nothing eventful occurred that night , and as hugh had not returned , and as a careful search [found out] no trace of marian and allen , it was decided to move on with every precaution into territory which with every yard became potentially more hostile .

There was no fear of pursuit even if their escape had been discovered , for if the Tower had disappeared from off the surface of the Waste so also had they .
there was no fear of pursuit even if their escape had been [found out] , for if the tower had disappeared from off the surface of the waste so also had they .

In 1050 or so the abbot announced that the body of St Mary Magdalene , no less , had been discovered in the crypt .
in 1050 or so the abbot announced that the body of st mary magdalene , no less , had been [found out] in the crypt .

Word went round in the seventh century that St James the Apostle had visited Spain , and in the early ninth century a bishop of Padron discovered what he took to be his body .
word went round in the seventh century that st james the apostle had visited spain , and in the early ninth century a bishop of padron [found out] what he took to be his body .

The queen of the northern waters in the ninth century had been the Viking longship , well represented by the famous Gokstad ship discovered in Norway .
the queen of the northern waters in the ninth century had been the viking longship , well represented by the famous gokstad ship [found out] in norway .

The writer discovered or was introduced to Robinson Crusoe too early , so that it appeared to be a tedious book ; Mervyn Peake 's Gormenghast trilogy appeared a little too late , so that he accepted it with a little less excitement than it deserved ; and Proust 's Remembrance of things past came at the right moment when he had the tenacity for the task .
the writer [found out] or was introduced to robinson crusoe too early , so that it appeared to be a tedious book ; mervyn peake 's gormenghast trilogy appeared a little too late , so that he accepted it with a little less excitement than it deserved ; and proust 's remembrance of things past came at the right moment when he had the tenacity for the task .

The present writer , brought up in a house containing unattractive thrillers of the Sapper era , discovered among that unillustrated and unilluminating Hodder & Stoughton material a correspondence-course crammer , an outline of plane geometry .
the present writer , brought up in a house containing unattractive thrillers of the sapper era , [found out] among that unillustrated and unilluminating hodder & stoughton material a correspondence-course crammer , an outline of plane geometry .

If this were a story by a ‘ serious ’ writer the critics would pursue the symbolism of hidden latches and dark tunnels as diligently as the children pursue the gang of international smugglers discovered in the cave at the end of the tunnel . This , however , is a story by Enid Blyton so it could n't contain any symbolism , could it ?
if this were a story by a ‘ serious ’ writer the critics would pursue the symbolism of hidden latches and dark tunnels as diligently as the children pursue the gang of international smugglers [found out] in the cave at the end of the tunnel . this , however , is a story by enid blyton so it could n't contain any symbolism , could it ?

Simultaneously , it was being discovered that the ill-chosen or ill-formed materials and techniques used in the new build of the sixties was beginning to break down after only ten years : autopsies on building failures indicated that earlier cavalier attitudes to the intricacies of new technological phenomena such as interstitial condensation and concrete additives , called for newer skills and deeper understanding found only in the education and training of the building surveyor .
simultaneously , it was being [found out] that the ill-chosen or ill-formed materials and techniques used in the new build of the sixties was beginning to break down after only ten years : autopsies on building failures indicated that earlier cavalier attitudes to the intricacies of new technological phenomena such as interstitial condensation and concrete additives , called for newer skills and deeper understanding found only in the education and training of the building surveyor .

He discovered that the hoarseness came back only when he pulled his head back and down onto his spine and so shortened his stature with excessive tension .
he [found out] that the hoarseness came back only when he pulled his head back and down onto his spine and so shortened his stature with excessive tension .

Magnus ' experiments , which took place around 1925 , only confirmed what Alexander had discovered in himself a quarter of a century earlier .
magnus ' experiments , which took place around 1925 , only confirmed what alexander had [found out] in himself a quarter of a century earlier .

As you will remember in Chapter 2 , Alexander discovered that the cause of his vocal problem was that he was pulling his head back and down onto his spine .
as you will remember in chapter 2 , alexander [found out] that the cause of his vocal problem was that he was pulling his head back and down onto his spine .

Kate bought it thinking it was a piece of straightforward domestic Queen Anne but discovered that , by a bizarre coincidence , it was the mirror-image of the abbey at Bernay — and consequently much older than she thought .
kate bought it thinking it was a piece of straightforward domestic queen anne but [found out] that , by a bizarre coincidence , it was the mirror-image of the abbey at bernay — and consequently much older than she thought .

It was only when she moved in that she discovered the coincidence , and did some research with the British Museum .
it was only when she moved in that she [found out] the coincidence , and did some research with the british museum .

After more than 40 years , and with the encouragement of people like Primo Levi , he decided to tell his story : and discovered , like Levi , that even after more than 40 years those events were burnt into his memory .
after more than 40 years , and with the encouragement of people like primo levi , he decided to tell his story : and [found out] , like levi , that even after more than 40 years those events were burnt into his memory .

‘ Have you only just discovered that ?
‘ have you only just [found out] that ?

The caller was Roger Kenyon , as Breeze discovered when she rushed downstairs and unbolted the door .
the caller was roger kenyon , as breeze [found out] when she rushed downstairs and unbolted the door .

‘ How would you feel if you discovered that was the case ? That she could abandon you — her four-year-old child — and never see you again ? Is that what you want to hear ? ’
‘ how would you feel if you [found out] that was the case ? that she could abandon you — her four-year-old child — and never see you again ? is that what you want to hear ? ’

This , Paula soon discovered , was the way of the fashion world — a constant frantic rush against the clock , to have collections ready on time or to complete individual couture garments for customers who always considered their order more urgent , more important , than that of anyone else .
this , paula soon [found out] , was the way of the fashion world — a constant frantic rush against the clock , to have collections ready on time or to complete individual couture garments for customers who always considered their order more urgent , more important , than that of anyone else .

Even the most popular of girls soon discovered that in this highly competitive world where models vied with one another for the most glamorous jobs and the wealthiest and best-looking men there was far more bitchiness than in the provinces — and Paula was far from popular .
even the most popular of girls soon [found out] that in this highly competitive world where models vied with one another for the most glamorous jobs and the wealthiest and best-looking men there was far more bitchiness than in the provinces — and paula was far from popular .

Day 1 ) Discovered that the rumour of a constant flow of 25,000 cfs was false .
day 1 ) [found out] that the rumour of a constant flow of 25,000 cfs was false .

We discovered they had beer but upon further discovery discovered the beers were cold so we left in disgust .
we [found out] they had beer but upon further discovery [found out] the beers were cold so we left in disgust .

This principle is also the explanation underlying the famous experiments of Cleve Backster , when he discovered that his house plants responded by changes in their electrical activity not only to actual physical abuse , but also to his mental intention to abuse them .
this principle is also the explanation underlying the famous experiments of cleve backster , when he [found out] that his house plants responded by changes in their electrical activity not only to actual physical abuse , but also to his mental intention to abuse them .

This is the ‘ sixth sense ’ possessed not only by dogs , horses , dolphins and elephants , but by all creatures , even the plant kingdom , as Backster and others have discovered .
this is the ‘ sixth sense ’ possessed not only by dogs , horses , dolphins and elephants , but by all creatures , even the plant kingdom , as backster and others have [found out] .

This is the secret behind many of the stories about animals sensing the presence of man and other creatures , or of rushing to the help of an injured person discovered by means outside the scope of their more obvious perceptive processes .
this is the secret behind many of the stories about animals sensing the presence of man and other creatures , or of rushing to the help of an injured person [found out] by means outside the scope of their more obvious perceptive processes .

In fact , the plants showed no response to any of those questioned and it was later discovered that the murderer was indeed none of them .
in fact , the plants showed no response to any of those questioned and it was later [found out] that the murderer was indeed none of them .

One could suggest that there is a learning of the young from the old , that they follow scent markers from a previous year . Maybe they do , but how was the route first discovered ? How did the first deer know just where to go ?
one could suggest that there is a learning of the young from the old , that they follow scent markers from a previous year . maybe they do , but how was the route first [found out] ? how did the first deer know just where to go ?

Our limited perception of time has difficulty in imagining events and cycles dating back just a hundred years , yet archaeologists have germinated and grown wheat from grains four thousand years old , discovered in the tombs of the Egyptian Pharaohs .
our limited perception of time has difficulty in imagining events and cycles dating back just a hundred years , yet archaeologists have germinated and grown wheat from grains four thousand years old , [found out] in the tombs of the egyptian pharaohs .

But this can not be the whole story , for David Rhodes and others have discovered that this communication can even take place from tree to tree , where there is no root or other physical contact .
but this can not be the whole story , for david rhodes and others have [found out] that this communication can even take place from tree to tree , where there is no root or other physical contact .

Trees and plants do project different subtle atmospheres around them , as Dr Bach discovered when he used come of their flowers to produce remedies containing their subtle vibration .
trees and plants do project different subtle atmospheres around them , as dr bach [found out] when he used come of their flowers to produce remedies containing their subtle vibration .

An example is the Saintbury ley , discovered by Devereux and Thomson .
an example is the saintbury ley , [found out] by devereux and thomson .

Brian Larkman has discovered what he calls the ‘ Corridor of Sanctity ’ in York , leading from the confluence of the Rivers Ouse and Foss , through the site of a Templar chapel , the massive Clifford 's Tower , and five other medieval churches , including the Minster .
brian larkman has [found out] what he calls the ‘ corridor of sanctity ’ in york , leading from the confluence of the rivers ouse and foss , through the site of a templar chapel , the massive clifford 's tower , and five other medieval churches , including the minster .

He also found an alignment , discovered independently by Watkins , linking Stonehenge , Old Sarum ( the old site of Salisbury ) , Salisbury Cathedral and Clearbury Ring earthworks .
he also found an alignment , [found out] independently by watkins , linking stonehenge , old sarum ( the old site of salisbury ) , salisbury cathedral and clearbury ring earthworks .

Leys over sixty miles long began to be discovered and soon lines of several hundred miles , such as Dion Fortune 's ‘ St Albans ’ cross , began to be described , while Kenneth Koop publicised the claim that Arbor Low stone circle in Derbyshire had over 100 leys passing through it .
leys over sixty miles long began to be [found out] and soon lines of several hundred miles , such as dion fortune 's ‘ st albans ’ cross , began to be described , while kenneth koop publicised the claim that arbor low stone circle in derbyshire had over 100 leys passing through it .

Critics , whilst accepting the reality of the dowsable lines which Underwood had discovered , generally concluded that they were the result of the physical features rather than the reverse .
critics , whilst accepting the reality of the dowsable lines which underwood had [found out] , generally concluded that they were the result of the physical features rather than the reverse .

In 1914 , three years after her first public concerts , she and her mother moved to Berlin to a life of considerable hardship , until Joachim 's daughter-in-law discovered her talents and arranged some scholarships for her to allow her to study with Huberman .
in 1914 , three years after her first public concerts , she and her mother moved to berlin to a life of considerable hardship , until joachim 's daughter-in-law [found out] her talents and arranged some scholarships for her to allow her to study with huberman .

In fact , whatever else it may be , Lighthouses is a cornucopia of virtuoso orchestral effects , a continuously shifting , shimmering kaleidoscope of sonority by a composer who seems to know just about every effect in the book , plus many he 's discovered for himself , and who knows just how to use them .
in fact , whatever else it may be , lighthouses is a cornucopia of virtuoso orchestral effects , a continuously shifting , shimmering kaleidoscope of sonority by a composer who seems to know just about every effect in the book , plus many he 's [found out] for himself , and who knows just how to use them .

There are a few surprises in the music itself , no neglected giants waiting to be discovered ( not , at least , on the strength of the music recorded here ) .
there are a few surprises in the music itself , no neglected giants waiting to be [found out] ( not , at least , on the strength of the music recorded here ) .

Sucralose might never have been discovered had it not been for two Tate & Lyle scientists who deployed a basic research technique — they tasted it .
sucralose might never have been [found out] had it not been for two tate & lyle scientists who deployed a basic research technique — they tasted it .

Hough had discovered the chemistry of sucralose by selectively replacing three of the six hydroxyl ions in the natural sugar molecule ( sucrose ) with three chlorine atoms .
hough had [found out] the chemistry of sucralose by selectively replacing three of the six hydroxyl ions in the natural sugar molecule ( sucrose ) with three chlorine atoms .

‘ He discovered the chemistry and Tate & Lyle discovered the sweetness , ’ Vlitos says .
‘ he [found out] the chemistry and tate & lyle [found out] the sweetness , ’ vlitos says .

But , as they have discovered over the past year , tied agents can be expensive and difficult groups of people to do business with .
but , as they have [found out] over the past year , tied agents can be expensive and difficult groups of people to do business with .

But the regulators already have tough powers , as one tied agent of Norwich Union discovered last year .
but the regulators already have tough powers , as one tied agent of norwich union [found out] last year .

Strains of Candida that are resistant to nystatin are now being discovered , and other drugs are available to treat candidiasis in such cases .
strains of candida that are resistant to nystatin are now being [found out] , and other drugs are available to treat candidiasis in such cases .

When the lead isotopes of ancient copper ingots found in Sardinia were analysed , it was discovered that the ingots did not originate from Cyprus as had been thought .
when the lead isotopes of ancient copper ingots found in sardinia were analysed , it was [found out] that the ingots did not originate from cyprus as had been thought .

Although microbial polyesters were discovered in the 1920s , it is only in the past decade that there has been an explosion of international research interest in all aspects of their production , formulation and use .
although microbial polyesters were [found out] in the 1920s , it is only in the past decade that there has been an explosion of international research interest in all aspects of their production , formulation and use .

In 1828 , in a village called Ecclesfield on the road from Leeds to Sheffield , the body of a newly-born child was discovered without its head .
in 1828 , in a village called ecclesfield on the road from leeds to sheffield , the body of a newly-born child was [found out] without its head .

The fire was discovered at 3 a.m. by a master working late , and together with two boys — one of whom climbed a waterspout to get to the juniors ' bedroom via the roof and the other operated a hand-pump in dense smoke — managed to raise the alarm .
the fire was [found out] at 3 a.m. by a master working late , and together with two boys — one of whom climbed a waterspout to get to the juniors ' bedroom via the roof and the other operated a hand-pump in dense smoke — managed to raise the alarm .

The only new Mission for the deaf that seems to have opened for the first time in the 1890s was that at Oxford , although the deaf people of Bradford almost lost their own when a fire was discovered in the coal cellar under the offices by one of the deaf members who ran to summon the fire brigade from its nearby station .
the only new mission for the deaf that seems to have opened for the first time in the 1890s was that at oxford , although the deaf people of bradford almost lost their own when a fire was [found out] in the coal cellar under the offices by one of the deaf members who ran to summon the fire brigade from its nearby station .

Instead , she turned to writing and discovered a talent for writing verses , particularly Christmas verses .
instead , she turned to writing and [found out] a talent for writing verses , particularly christmas verses .

The bomb had a lengthy fuse attached to it , and when it was discovered by one of the schoolboys , the fuse was burnt almost up to the bomb .
the bomb had a lengthy fuse attached to it , and when it was [found out] by one of the schoolboys , the fuse was burnt almost up to the bomb .

This was originally discovered in birds , where seed-eaters were seen to switch from one type of seed to another from time to time , regardless of the nutritional similarity of the seeds .
this was originally [found out] in birds , where seed-eaters were seen to switch from one type of seed to another from time to time , regardless of the nutritional similarity of the seeds .

One owner discovered another routine .
one owner [found out] another routine .

Another owner discovered that if he put a line of coins on his sideboard his cat would knock them down one by one .
another owner [found out] that if he put a line of coins on his sideboard his cat would knock them down one by one .

The Cornish Rex was discovered in 1950 when it was noticed that a cat with the unusual name of Kallibunker did not have normal feline fur .
the cornish rex was [found out] in 1950 when it was noticed that a cat with the unusual name of kallibunker did not have normal feline fur .

This does not apply , however , to the Devon Rex cat , another curly-coated breed , discovered in 1960 , not far from the original Cornish Rex home .
this does not apply , however , to the devon rex cat , another curly-coated breed , [found out] in 1960 , not far from the original cornish rex home .

Despite its close proximity , it was discovered that this breed owed its curly coat to a different gene and close inspection revealed that , unlike the Cornish and German breeds , this one did have a few long guard hairs .
despite its close proximity , it was [found out] that this breed owed its curly coat to a different gene and close inspection revealed that , unlike the cornish and german breeds , this one did have a few long guard hairs .

The Peke-faced cat was known back in the 1930s , but the other three were all discovered in the 1960s and were quickly established by enthusiastic local breeders , delighted to be founding new lines of pedigree cats .
the peke-faced cat was known back in the 1930s , but the other three were all [found out] in the 1960s and were quickly established by enthusiastic local breeders , delighted to be founding new lines of pedigree cats .

It was later discovered that some Scottish Folds developed thickening of the limbs and tail , and that this was a serious handicap to them .
it was later [found out] that some scottish folds developed thickening of the limbs and tail , and that this was a serious handicap to them .

Such specimens have not been bred from since their problem was discovered , and the breed is now well established with no apparent weaknesses .
such specimens have not been bred from since their problem was [found out] , and the breed is now well established with no apparent weaknesses .

This is a naked cat which was first discovered in Ontario in 1966 .
this is a naked cat which was first [found out] in ontario in 1966 .

Learners need to see the total experience ( theory and practice ) as a learning module , and many of the topics explored are discovered , discussed , and learned as a result of caring for the patient .
learners need to see the total experience ( theory and practice ) as a learning module , and many of the topics explored are [found out] , discussed , and learned as a result of caring for the patient .

We never discovered her real name , but she ran a small cafe down in the village and she appeared to have an inexhaustible supply of eggs .
we never [found out] her real name , but she ran a small cafe down in the village and she appeared to have an inexhaustible supply of eggs .

Despite his heavy family commitments , he was instantly dismissed by his father when it was discovered that he had entertained a nurse in the company flat .
despite his heavy family commitments , he was instantly dismissed by his father when it was [found out] that he had entertained a nurse in the company flat .

One thing George has discovered is that there is no shortage of things for retired people to do .
one thing george has [found out] is that there is no shortage of things for retired people to do .

Luckily in all three of the situations outlined above , the carers have eventually discovered that support for them is available and this has made a great deal of difference to their lives .
luckily in all three of the situations outlined above , the carers have eventually [found out] that support for them is available and this has made a great deal of difference to their lives .

Especially among older women , as Judith Oliver discovered , this will also take its toll on their own physical and mental well-being .
especially among older women , as judith oliver [found out] , this will also take its toll on their own physical and mental well-being .

Six months before her overdose Liz terminated the relationship with her boyfriend of two years ' standing after she discovered he had been going out with another girl .
six months before her overdose liz terminated the relationship with her boyfriend of two years ' standing after she [found out] he had been going out with another girl .

She subsequently discovered that they had been having an affair for several months .
she subsequently [found out] that they had been having an affair for several months .

Her son discovered her in a drowsy state an hour later .
her son [found out] her in a drowsy state an hour later .

He thought she had shown moderate suicidal intent in taking the overdose , particularly because she took it at night when unlikely to be discovered and repeated the act on waking in the morning .
he thought she had shown moderate suicidal intent in taking the overdose , particularly because she took it at night when unlikely to be [found out] and repeated the act on waking in the morning .

Eventually , they discovered the suicide note , which mentioned the name of the hotel .
eventually , they [found out] the suicide note , which mentioned the name of the hotel .

and we discovered we were Sisters Under the Skin .
and we [found out] we were sisters under the skin .

The man 's identity has never been discovered .
the man 's identity has never been [found out] .

Middle-class crimes , such as fraud or embezzlement , are far less likely to be discovered and reported .
middle-class crimes , such as fraud or embezzlement , are far less likely to be [found out] and reported .

As an age-group , a stage of life , adolescents stood , clearly visible , defined and itemized , the embodiment of so many of the tensions and contradictions peculiar to the period , without which they would never have been ‘ discovered ’ .
as an age-group , a stage of life , adolescents stood , clearly visible , defined and itemized , the embodiment of so many of the tensions and contradictions peculiar to the period , without which they would never have been ‘ [found out] ’ .

He had also taught him songs which , Carew discovered afterwards , were seditious .
he had also taught him songs which , carew [found out] afterwards , were seditious .

Then , with horror , he realised that Johnny knew — had discovered the secret he had managed to keep hidden from everyone for years .
then , with horror , he realised that johnny knew — had [found out] the secret he had managed to keep hidden from everyone for years .

On occasion priceless material is discovered .
on occasion priceless material is [found out] .

In a specific instance the author discovered a footnote in a county history ( 1774 ) describing how stained glass in a local church was falling into decay .
in a specific instance the author [found out] a footnote in a county history ( 1774 ) describing how stained glass in a local church was falling into decay .

For example , the author discovered an early fifteenth-century ‘ survey ’ of a village ( describing the sizes of fields and the uses to which they were put ) which mentioned a grange close to the manor house .
for example , the author [found out] an early fifteenth-century ‘ survey ’ of a village ( describing the sizes of fields and the uses to which they were put ) which mentioned a grange close to the manor house .

After the First World War the town thrived briefly , but in later decades achieved a near-dormitory state , having been discovered by couples wishing to retire from the frenetic life in the larger urban conurbations .
after the first world war the town thrived briefly , but in later decades achieved a near-dormitory state , having been [found out] by couples wishing to retire from the frenetic life in the larger urban conurbations .

It is truly a sublime glen : you can scarcely allow the eye to leave for a minute the mighty mountain walls on either side ( for some new scar , or crag , or corrie , or leaping cataract is ever being discovered ) , and their charming variegation of shade and tint among the mosses , rock , and grass , or among the heath and heather-bell .
it is truly a sublime glen : you can scarcely allow the eye to leave for a minute the mighty mountain walls on either side ( for some new scar , or crag , or corrie , or leaping cataract is ever being [found out] ) , and their charming variegation of shade and tint among the mosses , rock , and grass , or among the heath and heather-bell .

Many of these axes were discovered in Edenderry .
many of these axes were [found out] in edenderry .

The world became much bigger and someone else discovered that it was round .
the world became much bigger and someone else [found out] that it was round .

James and Avril Grant , for instance , discovered that their fears of what Anne got up to at night were often unfounded or even ludicrous .
james and avril grant , for instance , [found out] that their fears of what anne got up to at night were often unfounded or even ludicrous .

The principles of logarithms were discovered in the seventeenth century ; they gave a tremendous technical spur to navigation , astronomy and to the growing commercial sector , facilitating tedious calculations , like nineteen months ' interest at an annual rate of 2.79 per cent .
the principles of logarithms were [found out] in the seventeenth century ; they gave a tremendous technical spur to navigation , astronomy and to the growing commercial sector , facilitating tedious calculations , like nineteen months ' interest at an annual rate of 2.79 per cent .

If the number of fire engines which turned up was correlated with the amount of damage done at those fires , a positive relationship would probably be discovered .
if the number of fire engines which turned up was correlated with the amount of damage done at those fires , a positive relationship would probably be [found out] .

We may have discovered a statistical effect but do not understand how it operates ; the brute fact that people who have experienced unemployment are more rebellious in spirit does not itself explain why this occurs ( see diagram ) .
we may have [found out] a statistical effect but do not understand how it operates ; the brute fact that people who have experienced unemployment are more rebellious in spirit does not itself explain why this occurs ( see diagram ) .

But in the heady tour of parties , testimonials , public houses and charity functions that come with footballing success , many footballers have discovered to their cost that drink can be an obligation more than a pleasure .
but in the heady tour of parties , testimonials , public houses and charity functions that come with footballing success , many footballers have [found out] to their cost that drink can be an obligation more than a pleasure .

When they arrived , they discovered the five Scots in various stages of alcoholic disrepair .
when they arrived , they [found out] the five scots in various stages of alcoholic disrepair .

He was discovered playing on a local works pitch in Glasgow 's Anniesland , when a Partick Thistle and Manchester United scout stumbled on the game after another local match was cancelled .
he was [found out] playing on a local works pitch in glasgow 's anniesland , when a partick thistle and manchester united scout stumbled on the game after another local match was cancelled .

The environmental systems are effectively regarded as machines whose workings can all be discovered , described in differential equation form and whose future activities can thus be predicted in detail if their initial states are known .
the environmental systems are effectively regarded as machines whose workings can all be [found out] , described in differential equation form and whose future activities can thus be predicted in detail if their initial states are known .

The second is to treat the infection promptly when discovered .
the second is to treat the infection promptly when [found out] .

Irrespective of facilities , however , Gidley ( 1987 ) discovered that handwashing techniques were lamentable .
irrespective of facilities , however , gidley ( 1987 ) [found out] that handwashing techniques were lamentable .

They discovered that not only are people ’ s gross estimates of time per week devoted to work 6 to 8 hours higher than those recorded in their diaries , but free time—time unencumbered by any obligations—has actually increased !
they [found out] that not only are people ’ s gross estimates of time per week devoted to work 6 to 8 hours higher than those recorded in their diaries , but free time—time unencumbered by any obligations—has actually increased !

Her mother discovered that she could defuse Sylvia ’ s envy with a game in which Sylvia spread out the newspaper before her , picked out all the capital letters on the page , and pretended , in a very grown-up way , to read—an achievement that attracted much parental admiration .
her mother [found out] that she could defuse sylvia ’ s envy with a game in which sylvia spread out the newspaper before her , picked out all the capital letters on the page , and pretended , in a very grown-up way , to read—an achievement that attracted much parental admiration .

While I was writing Home , I discovered that the most useful historical sources for information about how people furnished and decorated their homes were often paintings .
while i was writing home , i [found out] that the most useful historical sources for information about how people furnished and decorated their homes were often paintings .

It is usually at this point , after he ’ s discovered , that he disappears into thin air , leaving the odor of sulfur in the air , or , in some versions of the legend , just runs out the door .
it is usually at this point , after he ’ s [found out] , that he disappears into thin air , leaving the odor of sulfur in the air , or , in some versions of the legend , just runs out the door .

Once flour tortillas were discovered , the move to making tacos from flour tortillas was logical .
once flour tortillas were [found out] , the move to making tacos from flour tortillas was logical .

Before it was discovered that a hydraulic lift could be used with the batteries stored in the trunk of the car , different methods were used to lower the chassis of the car .
before it was [found out] that a hydraulic lift could be used with the batteries stored in the trunk of the car , different methods were used to lower the chassis of the car .

Quetzalcoatl discovered corn , which he brought for the new humans to eat .
quetzalcoatl [found out] corn , which he brought for the new humans to eat .

Lummis “ discovered ” the Mexicans in Colorado , New Mexico , and California in the 1880s and 1890s and became enamored of the Mexican way of life , especially of their “ hospitality , courtesy , and respect for age ” ( Heisley 60 ) .
lummis “ [found out] ” the mexicans in colorado , new mexico , and california in the 1880s and 1890s and became enamored of the mexican way of life , especially of their “ hospitality , courtesy , and respect for age ” ( heisley 60 ) .

The blocks can be assembled into wonderfully complex structures , as many delighted children and adults have discovered .
the blocks can be assembled into wonderfully complex structures , as many delighted children and adults have [found out] .

This scaling , which I first discovered over thirty years ago , still staggers me .
this scaling , which i first [found out] over thirty years ago , still staggers me .

Are there ways of thinking about the emergence of structures that measure and discover sources of energy in nonequilibrium systems , together with the emergence of structures and processes that couple to sources of energy , do work to construct constraints , and propagate the constrained release of the discovered energy such that more diverse structures , constraints , and processes can arise , de novo , in the adjacent possible of the evolving universe ?
are there ways of thinking about the emergence of structures that measure and discover sources of energy in nonequilibrium systems , together with the emergence of structures and processes that couple to sources of energy , do work to construct constraints , and propagate the constrained release of the [found out] energy such that more diverse structures , constraints , and processes can arise , de novo , in the adjacent possible of the evolving universe ?

A candidate fourth law : As an average trend , biospheres and the universe create novelty and diversity as fast as they can manage to do so without destroying the accumulated propagating organization that is the basis and nexus from which further novelty is discovered and incorporated into the propagating organization .
a candidate fourth law : as an average trend , biospheres and the universe create novelty and diversity as fast as they can manage to do so without destroying the accumulated propagating organization that is the basis and nexus from which further novelty is [found out] and incorporated into the propagating organization .

An important early material , obsidian , was discovered on the island of Milos .
an important early material , obsidian , was [found out] on the island of milos .

On the museum grounds — or , more correctly , under the ground — is a careful reproduction of the painted scenes discovered in a cave in Altamira in northern Spain : prehistoric depictions of animals , dating back 15,000 years and representing man ’ s first illustrations of the world around him .
on the museum grounds — or , more correctly , under the ground — is a careful reproduction of the painted scenes [found out] in a cave in altamira in northern spain : prehistoric depictions of animals , dating back 15,000 years and representing man ’ s first illustrations of the world around him .

They are said to be some of the finest prehistoric cave drawings ever discovered .
they are said to be some of the finest prehistoric cave drawings ever [found out] .

The wonderful beaches along the western coast were , until recently , a secret , but they have now been discovered .
the wonderful beaches along the western coast were , until recently , a secret , but they have now been [found out] .

There are many gems to be discovered : tiny leaded windows , gargoyles in the eaves , and flower-filled boxes on every window ledge .
there are many gems to be [found out] : tiny leaded windows , gargoyles in the eaves , and flower-filled boxes on every window ledge .

The barrel-vaulted chambers were discovered while excavating for a nearby housing project .
the barrel-vaulted chambers were [found out] while excavating for a nearby housing project .

All the relics on display were discovered on the island ; they range from statues and urns to priceless jewellery and coins .
all the relics on display were [found out] on the island ; they range from statues and urns to priceless jewellery and coins .

When Columbus discovered the island late in his career , he called it “ the best , the most fertile , the sweetest , the most charming country in the world ” and named it Matinino , probably after Saint Martin ( or , some say , as an approximation of Madinina ) , a name which the French later adapted to Martinique .
when columbus [found out] the island late in his career , he called it “ the best , the most fertile , the sweetest , the most charming country in the world ” and named it matinino , probably after saint martin ( or , some say , as an approximation of madinina ) , a name which the french later adapted to martinique .

Heinrich Schliemann found his fabled city , and discovered “ Priam ’ s treasure , ” a cache of gold beside the city walls .
heinrich schliemann found his fabled city , and [found out] “ priam ’ s treasure , ” a cache of gold beside the city walls .

It was discovered during the 19th century by priests from Izmir following instructions given by a German nun , Anna Katharina Emmerich , who had seen it in a vision .
it was [found out] during the 19th century by priests from izmir following instructions given by a german nun , anna katharina emmerich , who had seen it in a vision .

Not fully “ discovered ” and certainly unspoiled , the FWI are relative newcomers on the world tourist scene .
not fully “ [found out] ” and certainly unspoiled , the fwi are relative newcomers on the world tourist scene .

Installing the Raj The arrival of Indian merchants , including Jains , Parsis , and Jews , turned Bombay , Madras , and Calcutta into large cities ; the Company discovered a knack for large-scale administration .
installing the raj the arrival of indian merchants , including jains , parsis , and jews , turned bombay , madras , and calcutta into large cities ; the company [found out] a knack for large-scale administration .

When Wallace was captured , the Scots looked for a new leader and discovered one in Robert the Bruce , grandson of the Robert de Brus rejected by Edward in 1292 .
when wallace was captured , the scots looked for a new leader and [found out] one in robert the bruce , grandson of the robert de brus rejected by edward in 1292 .

Today Madeira is being discovered by younger travelers who might also indulge in the spas and dining that world-class hotels offer , but are just as likely to seek out the modest inns up in the mountains and strap on their boots for serious hiking .
today madeira is being [found out] by younger travelers who might also indulge in the spas and dining that world-class hotels offer , but are just as likely to seek out the modest inns up in the mountains and strap on their boots for serious hiking .

Enter Europe On his second voyage to what he evidently thought were the islands of the Far East , Christopher Columbus first discovered Dominica in 1493 .
enter europe on his second voyage to what he evidently thought were the islands of the far east , christopher columbus first [found out] dominica in 1493 .

This is the spot where Mary Magdalene is believed to have discovered the resurrection of Jesus .
this is the spot where mary magdalene is believed to have [found out] the resurrection of jesus .

Warren ’ s Shaft , part of a Canaanite water system discovered by 19th-century archaeologists and open to visitors , might be the very tunnel infiltrated by David ’ s army .
warren ’ s shaft , part of a canaanite water system [found out] by 19th-century archaeologists and open to visitors , might be the very tunnel infiltrated by david ’ s army .

Archaeologists also discovered a number of simple tombs where the artisans buried their dead .
archaeologists also [found out] a number of simple tombs where the artisans buried their dead .

There are over 60 tombs in the valley — and some still yet to be discovered — dating c.1490–1100 b.c .
there are over 60 tombs in the valley — and some still yet to be [found out] — dating c.1490–1100 b.c .

The complex within , still home to a community of Greek Orthodox priests , is centered around the Church of St. Catherine built in 552 and dedicated to the saint when her remains were discovered nearby ( on Mount St. Catherine ) over 300 years later .
the complex within , still home to a community of greek orthodox priests , is centered around the church of st. catherine built in 552 and dedicated to the saint when her remains were [found out] nearby ( on mount st. catherine ) over 300 years later .

Many holiday visitors lose their way , some of them on purpose : the eerie Jukai is a perennial favorite with would-be suicides , and every year the local authorities conduct a sweep of the forest to recover the bodies that would otherwise never be discovered .
many holiday visitors lose their way , some of them on purpose : the eerie jukai is a perennial favorite with would-be suicides , and every year the local authorities conduct a sweep of the forest to recover the bodies that would otherwise never be [found out] .

Under Ferdinand and Isabella , the unity of Spain as the country we know today was finally achieved , and it was carrying their flag that in 1492 Christopher Columbus sailed westwards and discovered America .
under ferdinand and isabella , the unity of spain as the country we know today was finally achieved , and it was carrying their flag that in 1492 christopher columbus sailed westwards and [found out] america .

Modern archaeologists studying the ruins of Troy have discovered nine superimposed cities , ranging from Troy I ( 3000–2500 b.c . )
modern archaeologists studying the ruins of troy have [found out] nine superimposed cities , ranging from troy i ( 3000–2500 b.c . )

Saint-Tropez Discovered by the film stars of the 1950s , Saint-Tropez has retained its popularity with fashion photographers , models , and sundry groupies of the good life .
saint-tropez [found out] by the film stars of the 1950s , saint-tropez has retained its popularity with fashion photographers , models , and sundry groupies of the good life .

Concealed and protected against atmospheric changes for 17,000 years , these awe-inspiring frescoes and engravings of bulls , horses , ibex , bison , and deer were discovered by four teenagers chasing a dog in 1940 .
concealed and protected against atmospheric changes for 17,000 years , these awe-inspiring frescoes and engravings of bulls , horses , ibex , bison , and deer were [found out] by four teenagers chasing a dog in 1940 .

As someone has said , Columbus only thought that he had discovered Jamaica .
as someone has said , columbus only thought that he had [found out] jamaica .

In actuality , it was the population of Jamaica who discovered him — Columbus was really lost , thinking that he had found another route to Asia .
in actuality , it was the population of jamaica who [found out] him — columbus was really lost , thinking that he had found another route to asia .

It was here that the revered figure of Our Lady of Monte ( now in the church below ) was allegedly discovered in the 15th century .
it was here that the revered figure of our lady of monte ( now in the church below ) was allegedly [found out] in the 15th century .

In 1855 an Englishman discovered the caves , which , being a lava bed , do not have icy limestone stalagmites and stalactites but “ lava drops ” that look like thick whirls of chocolate mousse .
in 1855 an englishman [found out] the caves , which , being a lava bed , do not have icy limestone stalagmites and stalactites but “ lava drops ” that look like thick whirls of chocolate mousse .

Genoa sided with the Spanish to give Emperor Charles V access , via Milan , to his German territories , and later became a lucrative clearinghouse for Spain ’ s newly discovered American silver .
genoa sided with the spanish to give emperor charles v access , via milan , to his german territories , and later became a lucrative clearinghouse for spain ’ s newly [found out] american silver .

The most striking part of the museum is the Shrine of The Book , whose gleaming white conical structure represents the shape of the lid of the jars in which were discovered the world ’ s oldest biblical manuscripts , the Dead Sea Scrolls ( see page 68 ) .
the most striking part of the museum is the shrine of the book , whose gleaming white conical structure represents the shape of the lid of the jars in which were [found out] the world ’ s oldest biblical manuscripts , the dead sea scrolls ( see page 68 ) .

In 1992 , when construction of the airport on Chek Lap Kok was begun , a 2,000-year-old village , Pak Mong , was discovered , complete with artifacts that indicated a sophisticated rural society .
in 1992 , when construction of the airport on chek lap kok was begun , a 2,000-year-old village , pak mong , was [found out] , complete with artifacts that indicated a sophisticated rural society .

An even older Stone Age site was discovered on Lamma Island in 1996 .
an even older stone age site was [found out] on lamma island in 1996 .

No one ever discovered the identity or the motive of the culprits .
no one ever [found out] the identity or the motive of the culprits .

Having remained untouched for 1,000 years , until British soldiers discovered it during a tiger hunt in 1819 , Ajanta has the advantage over Ellora , whose caves were in constant use as dwelling places .
having remained untouched for 1,000 years , until british soldiers [found out] it during a tiger hunt in 1819 , ajanta has the advantage over ellora , whose caves were in constant use as dwelling places .

All of these efforts are aimed at balancing the needs of the land , the farmers , and the visitors , ensuring that the Lake District remains a beautiful , natural place with many secrets to be discovered .
all of these efforts are aimed at balancing the needs of the land , the farmers , and the visitors , ensuring that the lake district remains a beautiful , natural place with many secrets to be [found out] .

Starting from Scratch Whoever first stepped ashore on Madeira discovered no signs of previous habitation — no Stone-Age natives , as the Spanish found on the Canary Islands , and no mysterious monuments to the past , as on the Balearics .
starting from scratch whoever first stepped ashore on madeira [found out] no signs of previous habitation — no stone-age natives , as the spanish found on the canary islands , and no mysterious monuments to the past , as on the balearics .

About 20 minutes later , having passed through a desert landscape , you will have discovered paradise : a spectacular sandy beach framed by a lush pine forest and stalagmite-like sea stacks rising out of impossibly transparent waters .
about 20 minutes later , having passed through a desert landscape , you will have [found out] paradise : a spectacular sandy beach framed by a lush pine forest and stalagmite-like sea stacks rising out of impossibly transparent waters .

Besides waterslides and windsurfers , the outline of a fifth-century basilica discovered in 1951 , is visible next to the beach at its eastern end .
besides waterslides and windsurfers , the outline of a fifth-century basilica [found out] in 1951 , is visible next to the beach at its eastern end .

The oldest Stone Age settlements to be discovered ( 10,000 b.c . )
the oldest stone age settlements to be [found out] ( 10,000 b.c . )

Set in limestone cliffs hidden in the jungle , they were “ discovered ” in 1878 by a group of explorers , including the American naturalist William Hornaday .
set in limestone cliffs hidden in the jungle , they were “ [found out] ” in 1878 by a group of explorers , including the american naturalist william hornaday .

The Deep Skull and other relics were discovered here .
the deep skull and other relics were [found out] here .

Discovered in 1958 along with the Deep Skull , its wall-paintings representing red stick figures of spread-eagle dancers were executed in a mixture of betel juice and lime around a.d. 700 .
[found out] in 1958 along with the deep skull , its wall-paintings representing red stick figures of spread-eagle dancers were executed in a mixture of betel juice and lime around a.d. 700 .

They decided to try to retrieve the ball and , with ropes and lanterns , they entered the hole and discovered a magical landscape 37 m ( 120 ft ) underground .
they decided to try to retrieve the ball and , with ropes and lanterns , they entered the hole and [found out] a magical landscape 37 m ( 120 ft ) underground .

In 1961 , a small colony of Bermuda petrels was discovered to be nesting on Nonsuch , and it has remained a sanctuary for the birds since that time .
in 1961 , a small colony of bermuda petrels was [found out] to be nesting on nonsuch , and it has remained a sanctuary for the birds since that time .

Several of their ceremonial “ ball courts , ” which were used for certain social or religious gatherings , have been discovered throughout Puerto Rico .
several of their ceremonial “ ball courts , ” which were used for certain social or religious gatherings , have been [found out] throughout puerto rico .

Amid this unlikely setting , however , there are some major Roman remains to be discovered .
amid this unlikely setting , however , there are some major roman remains to be [found out] .

Professor Semmelweis , who was born here in 1815 , discovered the cause of puerperal fever and thus became known as the “ Saviour of Mothers. ” The museum is a lively , sometimes gruesome , trawl through old instruments and techniques , some of which appear far worse than the condition they were intended to relieve .
professor semmelweis , who was born here in 1815 , [found out] the cause of puerperal fever and thus became known as the “ saviour of mothers. ” the museum is a lively , sometimes gruesome , trawl through old instruments and techniques , some of which appear far worse than the condition they were intended to relieve .

However , the following year , ambitious , young Captain Juan de Grijalva discovered the island of Cozumel and skirted the coast of the peninsula , hearing tales from the Indians of the great civilization of the Aztecs .
however , the following year , ambitious , young captain juan de grijalva [found out] the island of cozumel and skirted the coast of the peninsula , hearing tales from the indians of the great civilization of the aztecs .

To make matters worse , news of great riches discovered in Peru led many of his men to desert in search of greater rewards .
to make matters worse , news of great riches [found out] in peru led many of his men to desert in search of greater rewards .

Monterey Bay was discovered in 1542 , but it wasn ’ t settled until much later , when Father Junípero Serra set up a mission in 1769 .
monterey bay was [found out] in 1542 , but it wasn ’ t settled until much later , when father junípero serra set up a mission in 1769 .

In 1892 a millionaire , Abbot Kinney , planned construction of a replica of Venice here , but shortly after work started , oil was discovered and the idea was abandoned .
in 1892 a millionaire , abbot kinney , planned construction of a replica of venice here , but shortly after work started , oil was [found out] and the idea was abandoned .

Cabrillo National Monument , situated on the Point Loma promontory ( I-5/I-8 exit on Rosecrans Street and follow the signs ) , celebrates the man who discovered San Diego Bay .
cabrillo national monument , situated on the point loma promontory ( i-5/i-8 exit on rosecrans street and follow the signs ) , celebrates the man who [found out] san diego bay .

The town ’ s priceless Bronze Age treasure , discovered in a clay jar in the riverbed , is exhibited in the Ayuntamiento ( Town Hall ) .
the town ’ s priceless bronze age treasure , [found out] in a clay jar in the riverbed , is exhibited in the ayuntamiento ( town hall ) .

Look out for Roman and Moorish relics , which are still sometimes discovered here .
look out for roman and moorish relics , which are still sometimes [found out] here .

To visit the place where the bust was discovered , go to the nearby hamlet of La Alcudia .
to visit the place where the bust was [found out] , go to the nearby hamlet of la alcudia .

These are 19th-century restorations : The originals were torn down during the Revolution because they were thought to depict kings of France ( 21 of them were recently discovered and preserved in the Musée du Moyen Age , see page 55 ) .
these are 19th-century restorations : the originals were torn down during the revolution because they were thought to depict kings of france ( 21 of them were recently [found out] and preserved in the musée du moyen age , see page 55 ) .

One of the exhibits is older still : the fragments of a monument to Jupiter ( first century a.d. ) discovered near Notre-Dame .
one of the exhibits is older still : the fragments of a monument to jupiter ( first century a.d. ) [found out] near notre-dame .

Open spaces discovered since the 1960s are now believed to be used for “ ball games , ” which had an important though as yet only poorly understood ceremonial purpose in Indian culture .
open spaces [found out] since the 1960s are now believed to be used for “ ball games , ” which had an important though as yet only poorly understood ceremonial purpose in indian culture .

Puerto Rico has one of the most dramatic cave systems yet discovered , in an area known as Parque de las Cavernas del Río Camuy ( Río Camuy Cave Park ) , a little way south of the Observatory , just off Route 129 .
puerto rico has one of the most dramatic cave systems yet [found out] , in an area known as parque de las cavernas del río camuy ( río camuy cave park ) , a little way south of the observatory , just off route 129 .

The several ceremonial ball courts discovered and excavated here suggest the site was one of the Indians ’ major centers of worship .
the several ceremonial ball courts [found out] and excavated here suggest the site was one of the indians ’ major centers of worship .

There are historic gems to be discovered here as well .
there are historic gems to be [found out] here as well .

Meanwhile oil had been discovered in Louisiana in 1901 .
meanwhile oil had been [found out] in louisiana in 1901 .

The first resort on the coast , Praia da Rocha , was only “ discovered ” in the 1930s , and the real build-up didn ’ t kick into overdrive until the beginning of the 1980s .
the first resort on the coast , praia da rocha , was only “ [found out] ” in the 1930s , and the real build-up didn ’ t kick into overdrive until the beginning of the 1980s .

In fact , he landed far from China and discovered the river which still bears his name — the Hudson ; he also traded with the native peoples for the purchase of Manhattan Island and travelled to the Caribbean , taking several islands as Dutch colonies .
in fact , he landed far from china and [found out] the river which still bears his name — the hudson ; he also traded with the native peoples for the purchase of manhattan island and travelled to the caribbean , taking several islands as dutch colonies .

In Prinsengracht , Otto Frank and his family hid in the attic of their business premises for over two years before being discovered .
in prinsengracht , otto frank and his family hid in the attic of their business premises for over two years before being [found out] .

After travelers in the 1960s discovered that they could enjoy a back-to-nature existence here at minimal cost , they gathered in ever-increasing numbers .
after travelers in the 1960s [found out] that they could enjoy a back-to-nature existence here at minimal cost , they gathered in ever-increasing numbers .

The skull and bones of China ’ s oldest prehistoric resident , Peking Man , were discovered 50 km ( 30 miles ) southwest of Beijing in 1929 .
the skull and bones of china ’ s oldest prehistoric resident , peking man , were [found out] 50 km ( 30 miles ) southwest of beijing in 1929 .

Locals fight over whether it was Nova Scotia or Newfoundland he actually discovered .
locals fight over whether it was nova scotia or newfoundland he actually [found out] .

The first stone engravings found in the Canary Islands were discovered here in the 18th century , and the ten natural cave dwellings , with their magnificent rock engravings , were the home to the Benahoritas — the ancient settlers of Benahoare , the original aboriginal name for La Palma .
the first stone engravings found in the canary islands were [found out] here in the 18th century , and the ten natural cave dwellings , with their magnificent rock engravings , were the home to the benahoritas — the ancient settlers of benahoare , the original aboriginal name for la palma .

The black topsoil is the secret , discovered by the farmers in their adversity .
the black topsoil is the secret , [found out] by the farmers in their adversity .

At Cobá it is possible to feel a little as Stephens and Catherwood did when they discovered the Mayan sites in their expeditions of 1841 .
at cobá it is possible to feel a little as stephens and catherwood did when they [found out] the mayan sites in their expeditions of 1841 .

At 42 m ( 138 ft ) , Nohoch Mul is the largest Mayan pyramid yet discovered ; there are 120 steps to its upper platform .
at 42 m ( 138 ft ) , nohoch mul is the largest mayan pyramid yet [found out] ; there are 120 steps to its upper platform .

Most of the regalia and artifacts on display , including the red wooden coffin containers in the burial vault , are copies of the items discovered during excavations in the 1950s .
most of the regalia and artifacts on display , including the red wooden coffin containers in the burial vault , are copies of the items [found out] during excavations in the 1950s .

As Dali is discovered by more and more tourists , travelers are heading out into even more remote regions of northwestern Yunnan .
as dali is [found out] by more and more tourists , travelers are heading out into even more remote regions of northwestern yunnan .

A few miles from Gaochang is the royal Astana Cemetery , discovered by accident in 1972 .
a few miles from gaochang is the royal astana cemetery , [found out] by accident in 1972 .

The oldest of the region ’ s archaeological wonders are found in a museum erected on the very site where they were discovered .
the oldest of the region ’ s archaeological wonders are found in a museum erected on the very site where they were [found out] .

In 1776 a presidio and a mission were built near the mouth of the beautiful bay discovered by Gaspar de Portolá in 1769 — it was named the Misión San Francisco de Asís .
in 1776 a presidio and a mission were built near the mouth of the beautiful bay [found out] by gaspar de portolá in 1769 — it was named the misión san francisco de asís .

Lured by the promise of increased federal revenues from the newly discovered gold , the United States Congress admitted California as the 31st state of the Union in 1850 .
lured by the promise of increased federal revenues from the newly [found out] gold , the united states congress admitted california as the 31st state of the union in 1850 .

The warning on Spanish maps unfortunately did little to stop ships from running aground or foundering on the treacherous shoals ; even today treasure lost centuries ago is still being discovered and salvaged .
the warning on spanish maps unfortunately did little to stop ships from running aground or foundering on the treacherous shoals ; even today treasure lost centuries ago is still being [found out] and salvaged .

A Phoenician dye house was recently discovered on the grounds .
a phoenician dye house was recently [found out] on the grounds .

This mountainous area produced several explorers who would help form the Portuguese empire : From Covilhã came Pêro de Covilhã , who explored India and Ethiopia in the late 15th century , and born in Belmonte was Pedro Álvares Cabral , who discovered Brazil in 1500 .
this mountainous area produced several explorers who would help form the portuguese empire : from covilhã came pêro de covilhã , who explored india and ethiopia in the late 15th century , and born in belmonte was pedro álvares cabral , who [found out] brazil in 1500 .

Discovered only in 1992 , the engravings of deer , goats , and horses constitute the largest outdoor assembly of Paleolithic rock art in Europe .
[found out] only in 1992 , the engravings of deer , goats , and horses constitute the largest outdoor assembly of paleolithic rock art in europe .

It was “ discovered ” by the British in the 1930s , when this “ beach of rocks , ” strewn with extravagantly shaped eroded stacks , provided an inspirational refuge for writers and intellectuals .
it was “ [found out] ” by the british in the 1930s , when this “ beach of rocks , ” strewn with extravagantly shaped eroded stacks , provided an inspirational refuge for writers and intellectuals .

Europeans did not yet have a word for “ coal , ” nor had they discovered a use for it .
europeans did not yet have a word for “ coal , ” nor had they [found out] a use for it .

After three railway workers discovered hot sulfur springs bubbling from the earth , their bosses built one of their grandest castle-hotels , the Banff Springs , a monument to be visited even if you ’ re not staying there .
after three railway workers [found out] hot sulfur springs bubbling from the earth , their bosses built one of their grandest castle-hotels , the banff springs , a monument to be visited even if you ’ re not staying there .

They were discovered by surveyors looking for coal seams .
they were [found out] by surveyors looking for coal seams .

After Christopher Columbus discovered America , he was received by the monarchs in Barcelona ’ s Royal Palace .
after christopher columbus [found out] america , he was received by the monarchs in barcelona ’ s royal palace .

After all , a Spaniard had discovered ( and given his name to ) Bermuda .
after all , a spaniard had [found out] ( and given his name to ) bermuda .

It would be a shame , however , not to explore what the rest of Nassau has to offer , as there are a number of historic gems to be discovered in and around the town .
it would be a shame , however , not to explore what the rest of nassau has to offer , as there are a number of historic gems to be [found out] in and around the town .

Farther west , at Deadman ’ s Reef , are the remains of an ancient Lucayan settlement discovered in 1996 .
farther west , at deadman ’ s reef , are the remains of an ancient lucayan settlement [found out] in 1996 .

This museum celebrates the art dating from before the development of Athens city-state — discovered in the Cyclades islands of the Aegean ( c2000–3000 b.c . )
this museum celebrates the art dating from before the development of athens city-state — [found out] in the cyclades islands of the aegean ( c2000–3000 b.c . )

A wonderful collection of naïve figurines carved in marble was discovered in graves on the islands .
a wonderful collection of naïve figurines carved in marble was [found out] in graves on the islands .

As they dug through the remains , the tombs of several kings were discovered ; each skeleton lay where it had been carefully buried , the faces covered in a mask of pure gold .
as they dug through the remains , the tombs of several kings were [found out] ; each skeleton lay where it had been carefully buried , the faces covered in a mask of pure gold .

It comes to an eerie stop only a few days before the family was discovered and sent to concentration camps .
it comes to an eerie stop only a few days before the family was [found out] and sent to concentration camps .

No evidence of Guanche boats has ever been discovered ; so were they marooned here by pirates or perhaps exiled by their own people ?
no evidence of guanche boats has ever been [found out] ; so were they marooned here by pirates or perhaps exiled by their own people ?

It was “ discovered ” by the British in the 1930s , when this “ beach of rocks , ” strewn with extravagantly shaped eroded stacks , provided an inspirational refuge for writers and intellectuals .
it was “ [found out] ” by the british in the 1930s , when this “ beach of rocks , ” strewn with extravagantly shaped eroded stacks , provided an inspirational refuge for writers and intellectuals .

Unearthed in Faro , it is nicknamed the “ Ocean Mosaic , ” for it depicts a bearded sea-god ( though the bulldozer that discovered it in 1976 shaved off the lower half of his face ) .
unearthed in faro , it is nicknamed the “ ocean mosaic , ” for it depicts a bearded sea-god ( though the bulldozer that [found out] it in 1976 shaved off the lower half of his face ) .

However , there are plenty of virgin beaches to be discovered , and in a slightly dingy cave at Punta del Este you can examine enigmatic symbols painted centuries ago by Siboney Indians .
however , there are plenty of virgin beaches to be [found out] , and in a slightly dingy cave at punta del este you can examine enigmatic symbols painted centuries ago by siboney indians .

The caves were discovered by chance in 1861 by a Chinese slave .
the caves were [found out] by chance in 1861 by a chinese slave .

A select number of tourists discovered Melaque and Barra de Navidad in the 1950s , and the towns have grown gracefully since .
a select number of tourists [found out] melaque and barra de navidad in the 1950s , and the towns have grown gracefully since .

In the 1960s tourists discovered the town after it was connected to other coastal towns by Highway 200 .
in the 1960s tourists [found out] the town after it was connected to other coastal towns by highway 200 .

This huge cavern was discovered in 1959 when a group of local boys stumbled on it one day while they were out hunting bats .
this huge cavern was [found out] in 1959 when a group of local boys stumbled on it one day while they were out hunting bats .

All of these are waiting to be discovered .
all of these are waiting to be [found out] .

There are several intricately carved steatite vessels , including the Harvesters Vase discovered at Aghía Triáda and decorated with a low relief of men at work in the fields .
there are several intricately carved steatite vessels , including the harvesters vase [found out] at aghía triáda and decorated with a low relief of men at work in the fields .

Next to the staircase is the Tripartite Shrine where the Linear B alphabetical tablets were discovered .
next to the staircase is the tripartite shrine where the linear b alphabetical tablets were [found out] .

Pottery intricately painted with marine life , bronze figurines , and exquisite jewels — many of these were discovered in the rock cut tombs of Palace Period — yet it is the mundane and simple things which make Knossós so fascinating .
pottery intricately painted with marine life , bronze figurines , and exquisite jewels — many of these were [found out] in the rock cut tombs of palace period — yet it is the mundane and simple things which make knossós so fascinating .

The Phaistós disc was discovered here in 1903 but not in any of the important Palatial-era rooms .
the phaistós disc was [found out] here in 1903 but not in any of the important palatial-era rooms .

It was discovered by workmen on the northern edge of the site in a tiny clay walled chamber .
it was [found out] by workmen on the northern edge of the site in a tiny clay walled chamber .

Just a little way north of the palace site is the chrysólakkas or ‘ pit of gold , ’ where the ‘ golden bee ’ pendant was discovered among a greater cache of jewels .
just a little way north of the palace site is the chrysólakkas or ‘ pit of gold , ’ where the ‘ golden bee ’ pendant was [found out] among a greater cache of jewels .

Much remains to be discovered under the low scrub and rocks though there seems little intent to do so .
much remains to be [found out] under the low scrub and rocks though there seems little intent to do so .

Tools and ceremonial objects were found just where they were dropped at the time of the great cataclysm along with the crystal rhyton on view in the Iráklion Museum and a chest containing hundreds of clay tablets inscribed with the Linear A script ; archaeologists even discovered an urn with olives preserved though the millennia .
tools and ceremonial objects were found just where they were dropped at the time of the great cataclysm along with the crystal rhyton on view in the iráklion museum and a chest containing hundreds of clay tablets inscribed with the linear a script ; archaeologists even [found out] an urn with olives preserved though the millennia .

Near the modern village of Akrotíri , a complete city was discovered dating from before 2000 b.c .
near the modern village of akrotíri , a complete city was [found out] dating from before 2000 b.c .

In 1492 , Cristobal Colón ( Christopher Columbus ) discovered the New World in the name of the Spanish crown .
in 1492 , cristobal colón ( christopher columbus ) [found out] the new world in the name of the spanish crown .

The museum houses many Buddhist artifacts and statues discovered on the temple grounds , as well as a sutra copied out by Emperor Qianlong .
the museum houses many buddhist artifacts and statues [found out] on the temple grounds , as well as a sutra copied out by emperor qianlong .

Leaving her abusive husband , she moved into the only apartment she could afford , and soon discovered a broken toilet and non- working oven , rats and roaches , and a fourthfloor landing with no railing .
leaving her abusive husband , she moved into the only apartment she could afford , and soon [found out] a broken toilet and non- working oven , rats and roaches , and a fourthfloor landing with no railing .

Data mining analyzes data for relationships that have not previously been discovered .
data mining analyzes data for relationships that have not previously been [found out] .

Such data are not available because many losses are never discovered and others are never reported , even within the organizations where they occurred .
such data are not available because many losses are never [found out] and others are never reported , even within the organizations where they occurred .

When weaknesses are discovered , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with existing policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts regarding the feasibility of implementing new policies or control techniques .
when weaknesses are [found out] , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with existing policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts regarding the feasibility of implementing new policies or control techniques .

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT SAMPLE REPORT ( continued ) Programs Outcomes : The increasing number of articles published on the basis of funded research , including announcements of several newly discovered properties of certain composite ceramics , is evidence of the utility of this part of the program .
research and development sample report ( continued ) programs outcomes : the increasing number of articles published on the basis of funded research , including announcements of several newly [found out] properties of certain composite ceramics , is evidence of the utility of this part of the program .

From past experience , commercial companies have Executive Level Reviews Were Required to Begin Initial Manufacturing discovered that cross-functional teams provide a complete perspective of the product .
from past experience , commercial companies have executive level reviews were required to begin initial manufacturing [found out] that cross-functional teams provide a complete perspective of the product .

Raising problems on a program early because design and manufacturing knowledge is discovered can cause extra oversight and questions that threaten a system 's survival .
raising problems on a program early because design and manufacturing knowledge is [found out] can cause extra oversight and questions that threaten a system 's survival .

Such data are not available because many losses are never discovered and others are never reported , even within the organizations where they occurred .
such data are not available because many losses are never [found out] and others are never reported , even within the organizations where they occurred .

When weaknesses are discovered , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with existing policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts regarding the feasibility of implementing new policies or control techniques .
when weaknesses are [found out] , the business managers are expected to either improve compliance with existing policies or consult with the corporation 's security experts regarding the feasibility of implementing new policies or control techniques .

A problem could be any anomaly discovered during design , coding , testing , or implementation .
a problem could be any anomaly [found out] during design , coding , testing , or implementation .

Problems are distinguished from failures of code , which represent defects discovered during operation .
problems are distinguished from failures of code , which represent defects [found out] during operation .

OSI will inform the agency of any serious security issues discovered during these operations shortly after the operations have been completed and before any of the related findings are made public .
osi will inform the agency of any serious security issues [found out] during these operations shortly after the operations have been completed and before any of the related findings are made public .

The following sections describe each of the general principles and practices discovered in our work with leading CIO organizations .
the following sections describe each of the general principles and practices [found out] in our work with leading cio organizations .

HUD has discovered that the controlled business disclosures , which are mandated in section 8 ( c ) ( 4 ) ( A ) of RESPA , 12 U.S.C .
hud has [found out] that the controlled business disclosures , which are mandated in section 8 ( c ) ( 4 ) ( a ) of respa , 12 u.s.c .

Congress discovered through experience , however , that these restrictions did not exhaust the politically controversial uses to which LSC funds could be put .
congress [found out] through experience , however , that these restrictions did not exhaust the politically controversial uses to which lsc funds could be put .

Claims that a worker 's savings under the H-2A contract had been improperly withheld would not be discovered until after a worker returns home .
claims that a worker 's savings under the h-2a contract had been improperly withheld would not be [found out] until after a worker returns home .

We discovered that reconfiguration , within the confines of state planning , did not diminish the percent of minorities and women in leadership positions in our programs .
we [found out] that reconfiguration , within the confines of state planning , did not diminish the percent of minorities and women in leadership positions in our programs .

As different laboratories began to use this cladoceran test , it was discovered that apparently more than one species was involved in the tests conducted by the same laboratory .
as different laboratories began to use this cladoceran test , it was [found out] that apparently more than one species was involved in the tests conducted by the same laboratory .

As a general point , we attribute the PM/mortality relationship in the 25 Short-term ozone mortality risk estimates may also be affected by the statistical issue discovered by the Health Effects Institute ( Greenbaum , 2002a ) .
as a general point , we attribute the pm/mortality relationship in the 25 short-term ozone mortality risk estimates may also be affected by the statistical issue [found out] by the health effects institute ( greenbaum , 2002a ) .

Shehhi could have traveled elsewhere during this time , but no records indicating additional travel have been discovered .
shehhi could have traveled elsewhere during this time , but no records indicating additional travel have been [found out] .

Moussaoui had been in contact with Binalshibh , of course , but this was not discovered until after 9/11 .
moussaoui had been in contact with binalshibh , of course , but this was not [found out] until after 9/11 .

They had not yet discovered that Khallad , traveling under an alias , had actually flown to Bangkok with Mihdhar .
they had not yet [found out] that khallad , traveling under an alias , had actually flown to bangkok with mihdhar .

Historically , decisive security action took place only after a disaster had occurred or a specific plot had been discovered .
historically , decisive security action took place only after a disaster had occurred or a specific plot had been [found out] .

After it was discovered that Abdel Rahman , the Blind Sheikh , had come and gone almost at will , State initiated significant reforms to its watchlist and visa-processing policies .
after it was [found out] that abdel rahman , the blind sheikh , had come and gone almost at will , state initiated significant reforms to its watchlist and visa-processing policies .

The cautiousness of the South Asia bureau was reinforced when , in May 1999 , Pakistani troops were discovered to have infiltrated into an especially mountainous area of Kashmir .
the cautiousness of the south asia bureau was reinforced when , in may 1999 , pakistani troops were [found out] to have infiltrated into an especially mountainous area of kashmir .

A week later , she found the cable reporting that Mihdhar 's visa application-what was later discovered to be his first application-listed New York as his destination .
a week later , she found the cable reporting that mihdhar 's visa application-what was later [found out] to be his first application-listed new york as his destination .

Only after 9/11 would it be discovered that Muhktar/KSM had communicated with a phone that was used by Binalshibh , and that Binalshibh had used the same phone to communicate with Moussaoui , as discussed in chapter 7 .
only after 9/11 would it be [found out] that muhktar/ksm had communicated with a phone that was used by binalshibh , and that binalshibh had used the same phone to communicate with moussaoui , as discussed in chapter 7 .

Al Qaeda apparently purchased the cylinder , then discovered it to be bogus .
al qaeda apparently purchased the cylinder , then [found out] it to be bogus .

Then Bin Ladin discovered that Fadl had skimmed about $ 110,000 , and he asked for restitution .
then bin ladin [found out] that fadl had skimmed about $ 110,000 , and he asked for restitution .

The plot unraveled after the Philippine authorities discovered Yousef 's bomb-making operation in Manila ; but by that time , KSM was safely back at his government job in Qatar .
the plot unraveled after the philippine authorities [found out] yousef 's bomb-making operation in manila ; but by that time , ksm was safely back at his government job in qatar .

In early 2000 , the U.S. government discovered a different reality : roughly from 1970 through 1994 , Bin Ladin received about $ 1 million per year-a significant sum , to be sure , but not a $ 300 million fortune that could be used to fund jihad .
in early 2000 , the u.s. government [found out] a different reality : roughly from 1970 through 1994 , bin ladin received about $ 1 million per year-a significant sum , to be sure , but not a $ 300 million fortune that could be used to fund jihad .

NSA 's analysts would promptly have discovered who Nawaf was , that his full name might be Nawaf al Hazmi , and that he was an old friend of Khalid .
nsa 's analysts would promptly have [found out] who nawaf was , that his full name might be nawaf al hazmi , and that he was an old friend of khalid .

Following his August 2001 arrest , the FBI discovered among his possessions a fax copy of an advertisement for U.S. flight schools .
following his august 2001 arrest , the fbi [found out] among his possessions a fax copy of an advertisement for u.s. flight schools .

Had they done so , they could have discovered the ways in which the terrorist predecessors to al Qaeda had been systematically but detectably exploiting weaknesses in our border security since the early 1990s .
had they done so , they could have [found out] the ways in which the terrorist predecessors to al qaeda had been systematically but detectably exploiting weaknesses in our border security since the early 1990s .

He then discovered , to his surprise , that the Langley fighters were not headed north toward the Baltimore area as instructed , but east over the ocean . ''
he then [found out] , to his surprise , that the langley fighters were not headed north toward the baltimore area as instructed , but east over the ocean . ''

Following the development of penicillin for the treatment of septicemia in the early 1940s , numerous antibiotics were discovered and introduced into medicine .
following the development of penicillin for the treatment of septicemia in the early 1940s , numerous antibiotics were [found out] and introduced into medicine .

Cao and Sudhof [ 56 ] have recently discovered that the APP C-terminal fragment generated by α- or β-secretase is itself cleaved to release Aβ and an APP intracellular domain ( AICD ) that diffuses into the nucleus , possibly acting there as a transcription factor .
cao and sudhof [ 56 ] have recently [found out] that the app c-terminal fragment generated by α- or β-secretase is itself cleaved to release aβ and an app intracellular domain ( aicd ) that diffuses into the nucleus , possibly acting there as a transcription factor .

The potential role of cholesterol in α-secretase-mediated shedding was discovered by Bodovitz and Klein [ 57 ] who used β-cyclodextrin to lower cellular cholesterol .
the potential role of cholesterol in α-secretase-mediated shedding was [found out] by bodovitz and klein [ 57 ] who used β-cyclodextrin to lower cellular cholesterol .

These investigators discovered that Rap1 acts through Rac to modulate α-secretase processing of APP .
these investigators [found out] that rap1 acts through rac to modulate α-secretase processing of app .

Soon thereafter , ROCK1 was discovered by Zhou et al .
soon thereafter , rock1 was [found out] by zhou et al .

These investigators discovered that activation of ROCK1 may account for how nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs specify the scissile bond within the APP transmembrane domain that is cleaved by presenilin/γ-secretase to generate the C-terminus of Aβ .
these investigators [found out] that activation of rock1 may account for how nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs specify the scissile bond within the app transmembrane domain that is cleaved by presenilin/γ-secretase to generate the c-terminus of aβ .

Despite numerous efforts to identify auxin-induced modification of Aux/IAA proteins , no such signal has been discovered , raising the distinct possibility that auxin uses a novel mechanism to regulate SCF–substrate interactions .
despite numerous efforts to identify auxin-induced modification of aux/iaa proteins , no such signal has been [found out] , raising the distinct possibility that auxin uses a novel mechanism to regulate scf–substrate interactions .

Studies on the role of FGF in early Xenopus development initially discovered its role in mesoderm induction and the formation of posterior tissues ( Kimelman et al .
studies on the role of fgf in early xenopus development initially [found out] its role in mesoderm induction and the formation of posterior tissues ( kimelman et al .

Already , Zilles has discovered that there is much more interindividual variation in human brain organisation than anyone suspected .
already , zilles has [found out] that there is much more interindividual variation in human brain organisation than anyone suspected .

Neurobiologist John Allman ( California Institute of Technology , Pasadena , California , United States ) and his collaborators , for instance , have discovered that a special type of large spindle-shaped neuron , first described in the early 20th century by Constantin von Economo , is unique to apes and humans and much more numerous in the latter .
neurobiologist john allman ( california institute of technology , pasadena , california , united states ) and his collaborators , for instance , have [found out] that a special type of large spindle-shaped neuron , first described in the early 20th century by constantin von economo , is unique to apes and humans and much more numerous in the latter .

I realize that opponents of modern evolutionary theory , such as creationists , have often cited these traditional problems to support their conclusion that modern evolutionary theory is wrong ; but progress always depends on the consideration of new ideas , and there might be important mechanisms still to be discovered that play a key role in evolution .
i realize that opponents of modern evolutionary theory , such as creationists , have often cited these traditional problems to support their conclusion that modern evolutionary theory is wrong ; but progress always depends on the consideration of new ideas , and there might be important mechanisms still to be [found out] that play a key role in evolution .

The disease may be discovered as an incidental finding in the elderly because of mild thrombocytopenia or splenomegaly , or it may present early in life with hepatosplenomegaly , thrombocytopenia , anemia , and bone lesions .
the disease may be [found out] as an incidental finding in the elderly because of mild thrombocytopenia or splenomegaly , or it may present early in life with hepatosplenomegaly , thrombocytopenia , anemia , and bone lesions .

At least half of the explanation for individual differences in susceptibility to Alzheimer disease is genetic , although the genes involved have not yet been completely discovered [ 15 ] .
at least half of the explanation for individual differences in susceptibility to alzheimer disease is genetic , although the genes involved have not yet been completely [found out] [ 15 ] .

Because enhancement technologies must be prescribed by physicians , drug manufacturers typically market the technologies not as enhancements , but as treatments for newly discovered or under-recognized disorders .
because enhancement technologies must be prescribed by physicians , drug manufacturers typically market the technologies not as enhancements , but as treatments for newly [found out] or under-recognized disorders .

He 's been scientifically involved with BSE , since it was first discovered among cattle in the United Kingdom in 1986 .
he 's been scientifically involved with bse , since it was first [found out] among cattle in the united kingdom in 1986 .

Since the United Kingdom outbreak , BSE has been discovered in more than 20 countries , most recently in North America .
since the united kingdom outbreak , bse has been [found out] in more than 20 countries , most recently in north america .

Its origins are unknown and may well never be discovered .
its origins are unknown and may well never be [found out] .

University of Wisconsin soil science professor Joel Pedersen has discovered that abnormally folded prions stick to the surface of some soil types , such as clay , resisting environmental and chemical damage .
university of wisconsin soil science professor joel pedersen has [found out] that abnormally folded prions stick to the surface of some soil types , such as clay , resisting environmental and chemical damage .

In a recently discovered hybrid system within the harvester ant genus Pogonomyrmex , queens must mate with two types of males to produce both reproductive individuals and workers ( Figure 3 ) .
in a recently [found out] hybrid system within the harvester ant genus pogonomyrmex , queens must mate with two types of males to produce both reproductive individuals and workers ( figure 3 ) .

Fire Prevention : Developing the Technology Information transfer faces similar barriers in much of Southeast Asia , as Canadian forestry researchers discovered during a five-year project ( now winding up ) to create a computerized early warning tool for wildfire outbreaks .
fire prevention : developing the technology information transfer faces similar barriers in much of southeast asia , as canadian forestry researchers [found out] during a five-year project ( now winding up ) to create a computerized early warning tool for wildfire outbreaks .

Aggregation of α-Synuclein in Neurodegeneration On the detrimental side of the cell survival equation is the PD gene that was discovered first , α -synuclein .
aggregation of α-synuclein in neurodegeneration on the detrimental side of the cell survival equation is the pd gene that was [found out] first , α -synuclein .

That question has engaged my curiosity since the late 1970s , when English auditory physicist David Kemp first put a microphone to an ear and discovered the telltale sounds of the cochlea at work ( Kemp 1978 ) .
that question has engaged my curiosity since the late 1970s , when english auditory physicist david kemp first put a microphone to an ear and [found out] the telltale sounds of the cochlea at work ( kemp 1978 ) .

When the phenomena were discovered , early in the 20th century , the theoretical tools for making sense of them were unavailable .
when the phenomena were [found out] , early in the 20th century , the theoretical tools for making sense of them were unavailable .

PTGS was discovered in two ways .
ptgs was [found out] in two ways .

RNAi RNAi was discovered in experiments designed to compare the silencing activity of single-stranded RNAs ( ssRNAs ) ( antisense or sense ) with their dsRNA hybrid .
rnai rnai was [found out] in experiments designed to compare the silencing activity of single-stranded rnas ( ssrnas ) ( antisense or sense ) with their dsrna hybrid .

Strikingly , the newly discovered siRNAs were the same size as several ‘ small temporal ’ RNAs , first identified in 1993 as important regulators of developmental timing in worms ( Lee et al .
strikingly , the newly [found out] sirnas were the same size as several ‘ small temporal ’ rnas , first identified in 1993 as important regulators of developmental timing in worms ( lee et al .

Viral proteins that suppress silencing by disarming the PTGS-based antiviral defense mechanism were discovered by plant virologists in 1998 ( Anandalakshmi et al .
viral proteins that suppress silencing by disarming the ptgs-based antiviral defense mechanism were [found out] by plant virologists in 1998 ( anandalakshmi et al .

Soon , related doublesex-mab-3 ( DM ) -family genes with roles in male sexual development were discovered in vertebrates and even cnidarians [ 7,8 ] .
soon , related doublesex-mab-3 ( dm ) -family genes with roles in male sexual development were [found out] in vertebrates and even cnidarians [ 7,8 ] .

The processes discovered in this way might then be reasonably extrapolated to explain the seemingly unrelated systems of more deeply diverged taxa .
the processes [found out] in this way might then be reasonably extrapolated to explain the seemingly unrelated systems of more deeply diverged taxa .

Indeed , they discovered a population of neurons called end-stopped cells that respond to the ends of lines and points of high line curvature in the manner required by Attneave 's analysis .
indeed , they [found out] a population of neurons called end-stopped cells that respond to the ends of lines and points of high line curvature in the manner required by attneave 's analysis .

As discovered by Richard Gregory , form processing is much weakened when the luminance differences are removed and forms are represented in colors that are accurately equated for their luminance values [ 6 ] .
as [found out] by richard gregory , form processing is much weakened when the luminance differences are removed and forms are represented in colors that are accurately equated for their luminance values [ 6 ] .

One of them , resistin , was discovered a few years ago by Mitchell Lazar and colleagues , who showed that the protein is expressed by mouse adipocytes and regulated by a group of anti-diabetic drugs called thiazolidinediones .
one of them , resistin , was [found out] a few years ago by mitchell lazar and colleagues , who showed that the protein is expressed by mouse adipocytes and regulated by a group of anti-diabetic drugs called thiazolidinediones .

A triumphant scout bee returns from the field , and advertises the location of a newly discovered food source to nestmates .
a triumphant scout bee returns from the field , and advertises the location of a newly [found out] food source to nestmates .

Once I discovered that BrainTalk Communities group members discussed this topic quite openly and freely online , reviewing the scientific data in a sophisticated way , I began to share my knowledge on this topic with my clinic patients .
once i [found out] that braintalk communities group members discussed this topic quite openly and freely online , reviewing the scientific data in a sophisticated way , i began to share my knowledge on this topic with my clinic patients .

It became more interesting when it was discovered that the behavioral change was maintained for a decade .
it became more interesting when it was [found out] that the behavioral change was maintained for a decade .

Then , in the 20th century , it was discovered , for example , that the numerical processes required for the cohort-component method of population projection can be conveniently summarized and executed using matrices ( Keyfitz 1968 ) .
then , in the 20th century , it was [found out] , for example , that the numerical processes required for the cohort-component method of population projection can be conveniently summarized and executed using matrices ( keyfitz 1968 ) .

On the road toward this goal , Ginsberg and colleagues discovered that the head domain of a cytoskeletal protein—talin—plays a key role in binding to integrin β cytoplasmic tails and inducing integrin activation ( Calderwood et al .
on the road toward this goal , ginsberg and colleagues [found out] that the head domain of a cytoskeletal protein—talin—plays a key role in binding to integrin β cytoplasmic tails and inducing integrin activation ( calderwood et al .

Breeders have discovered that genes hidden in these low-yielding ancestors can enhance the performance of some of the world 's most productive crop varieties .
breeders have [found out] that genes hidden in these low-yielding ancestors can enhance the performance of some of the world 's most productive crop varieties .

While one of the primary roles for chromosome cohesion in bi-orientation and mitotic chromosome segregation is well-established , the complexities of the regulation of cohesion are still being discovered .
while one of the primary roles for chromosome cohesion in bi-orientation and mitotic chromosome segregation is well-established , the complexities of the regulation of cohesion are still being [found out] .

Before insulin was discovered and purified , doctors could only watch as their patients slowly died of type 1 diabetes mellitus .
before insulin was [found out] and purified , doctors could only watch as their patients slowly died of type 1 diabetes mellitus .

On the receptor level , the olfactory system shows a complexity that is unparalleled in any color vision system : the receptor family discovered by 2004 's Nobel laureates L. Buck and R. Axel comprises about 1,000 receptor proteins in mammals , each of which only binds a narrow range of airborne molecules [ 27,28 ] .
on the receptor level , the olfactory system shows a complexity that is unparalleled in any color vision system : the receptor family [found out] by 2004 's nobel laureates l. buck and r. axel comprises about 1,000 receptor proteins in mammals , each of which only binds a narrow range of airborne molecules [ 27,28 ] .

Soon thereafter , several other prominent scientists of the eighteenth century , including Abraham Trembley , Charles Bonnet , Peter Simon Pallas , and Lazzaro Spallanzani , discovered remarkable regenerative abilities in a variety of organisms .
soon thereafter , several other prominent scientists of the eighteenth century , including abraham trembley , charles bonnet , peter simon pallas , and lazzaro spallanzani , [found out] remarkable regenerative abilities in a variety of organisms .

As we reminisced after Francis 's death , we discovered that Francis had spoken with each of us on these molecular methods , across a twenty-year interval .
as we reminisced after francis 's death , we [found out] that francis had spoken with each of us on these molecular methods , across a twenty-year interval .

The anti-HIV properties of APOBEC3G were discovered because most viral strains escape its neutralising properties .
the anti-hiv properties of apobec3g were [found out] because most viral strains escape its neutralising properties .

Not to Be Left Out Pharmaceutical companies have also discovered multicultural medicine .
not to be left out pharmaceutical companies have also [found out] multicultural medicine .

It did n't last very long , but Miyares discovered he loved being a businessman .
it did n't last very long , but miyares [found out] he loved being a businessman .

Imagine her dismay when she discovered that the library did not own most of the journals .
imagine her dismay when she [found out] that the library did not own most of the journals .

Upon entering the work force , he discovered few job opportunities that seemed to match his abilities .
upon entering the work force , he [found out] few job opportunities that seemed to match his abilities .

Later , my distress hit home in a personal way when I discovered than an expectant mother who lived just a few blocks from my house in Marion County - a young , unmarried woman just like Cecilia -- had difficulty obtaining prenatal care .
later , my distress hit home in a personal way when i [found out] than an expectant mother who lived just a few blocks from my house in marion county - a young , unmarried woman just like cecilia -- had difficulty obtaining prenatal care .

When I investigated all the different ways I could get involved to help local families , I discovered the answer that made the most sense was United Way of Central Indiana .
when i investigated all the different ways i could get involved to help local families , i [found out] the answer that made the most sense was united way of central indiana .

Vyvyan said tartly , `` He was discovered when he was found to have no recollection of the chord changes in 'Sophisticated Lady . '
vyvyan said tartly , `` he was [found out] when he was found to have no recollection of the chord changes in 'sophisticated lady . '

The central issue of the federal bench financial data case -- whether dissemination via the Web poses some sort of extra danger not posed by paper -- is also raised in a front-page WSJ feature about a recently discovered scam in which someone applied for and got and used credit cards in the names of the top U.S. military officers , including more than 75 generals and admirals .
the central issue of the federal bench financial data case -- whether dissemination via the web poses some sort of extra danger not posed by paper -- is also raised in a front-page wsj feature about a recently [found out] scam in which someone applied for and got and used credit cards in the names of the top u.s. military officers , including more than 75 generals and admirals .

This may be hard to believe , but Culturebox has discovered a `` best-of '' list with solid , practical value .
this may be hard to believe , but culturebox has [found out] a `` best-of '' list with solid , practical value .

If you 're going to cook Italian , you 'd best get the works of Marcella Hazan , or else a food anthropologist who has interviewed all the grandmothers in Italy and discovered the best liver-and-grappa pasta sauce to be found north of the Arno .
if you 're going to cook italian , you 'd best get the works of marcella hazan , or else a food anthropologist who has interviewed all the grandmothers in italy and [found out] the best liver-and-grappa pasta sauce to be found north of the arno .

The LAT says officials refuse to say whether disinformation was fed to the Russians after the bug was discovered , while the WP says this is precisely what was done .
the lat says officials refuse to say whether disinformation was fed to the russians after the bug was [found out] , while the wp says this is precisely what was done .

I discovered this innocently on the opening day of the tournament .
i [found out] this innocently on the opening day of the tournament .

He discovered the perfect project in James Ellroy 's punchy , labyrinthine crime novel , one of the few from the last decade that does n't feel as if it was written expressly to be filmed .
he [found out] the perfect project in james ellroy 's punchy , labyrinthine crime novel , one of the few from the last decade that does n't feel as if it was written expressly to be filmed .

He is discovered in a bar , playing a desultory game of pinball beside half a dozen empty beer bottles .
he is [found out] in a bar , playing a desultory game of pinball beside half a dozen empty beer bottles .

Two years later , the men who went home are informed of what happened after they boarded the plane : Police discovered their leftover hashish ( purchased for a ridiculously low sum in American dollars and tossed into the garbage as they were leaving ) and imprisoned the remaining Yank .
two years later , the men who went home are informed of what happened after they boarded the plane : police [found out] their leftover hashish ( purchased for a ridiculously low sum in american dollars and tossed into the garbage as they were leaving ) and imprisoned the remaining yank .

The papers report that the Nobel Prize in Medicine goes this year to three Americans who discovered that nitric oxide ( not , the papers admonish , nitrous oxide , which is laughing gas ) , known best as an air pollutant , is also produced in the body , where it regulates blood pressure , nerve firing , and immune responses .
the papers report that the nobel prize in medicine goes this year to three americans who [found out] that nitric oxide ( not , the papers admonish , nitrous oxide , which is laughing gas ) , known best as an air pollutant , is also produced in the body , where it regulates blood pressure , nerve firing , and immune responses .

The WP leads with the FAA 's recommendation yesterday that , because of newly discovered fire hazards , the insulation be replaced on almost all of the world 's airliners .
the wp leads with the faa 's recommendation yesterday that , because of newly [found out] fire hazards , the insulation be replaced on almost all of the world 's airliners .

Yesterday , the two companies discovered that a Korean entrepreneur with no connections to them had beaten them to it .
yesterday , the two companies [found out] that a korean entrepreneur with no connections to them had beaten them to it .

When they 're not busy painting their fingernails silver , editors there dream up headlines like `` Midwest ' Discovered Between East , West Coasts '' and `` U.S .
when they 're not busy painting their fingernails silver , editors there dream up headlines like `` midwest ' [found out] between east , west coasts '' and `` u.s .

This is in a reefer to an amusing article confessing that since 1898 the issue number on the upper left hand of the front page has been off by 500 -- a fact that was discovered recently by a 24 year-old news aide named Aaron Donovan .
this is in a reefer to an amusing article confessing that since 1898 the issue number on the upper left hand of the front page has been off by 500 -- a fact that was [found out] recently by a 24 year-old news aide named aaron donovan .

The folks over at the Wall Street Journal editorial page think they 've discovered a really neat argument against campaign finance reform .
the folks over at the wall street journal editorial page think they 've [found out] a really neat argument against campaign finance reform .

The mistake , the Times tells us , was discovered yesterday .
the mistake , the times tells us , was [found out] yesterday .

Later , she discovered that though he 'd done poorly on most portions of the test , he had scored off the charts on one : `` The maze . ''
later , she [found out] that though he 'd done poorly on most portions of the test , he had scored off the charts on one : `` the maze . ''

With all eyes on the president , both inside and outside the White House , where is there even a trysting place , now that the Oval Office has been discovered ?
with all eyes on the president , both inside and outside the white house , where is there even a trysting place , now that the oval office has been [found out] ?

The baby Moses , his existence endangered by the pharaoh 's edict calling for all Hebrew sons to be slain , is set adrift in a basket on the Nile before being discovered -- and adopted -- by one of the pharaoh 's wives .
the baby moses , his existence endangered by the pharaoh 's edict calling for all hebrew sons to be slain , is set adrift in a basket on the nile before being [found out] -- and adopted -- by one of the pharaoh 's wives .

Matisse , she has discovered , was drawn into the scandal arising from a huge financial fraud in which his wife 's parents were implicated .
matisse , she has [found out] , was drawn into the scandal arising from a huge financial fraud in which his wife 's parents were implicated .

Even if punishment is inevitable , it falls not on the owners at the time when the sin is committed , but on the owners at the time when the sin is discovered .
even if punishment is inevitable , it falls not on the owners at the time when the sin is committed , but on the owners at the time when the sin is [found out] .

All were discovered without injury .
all were [found out] without injury .

He did some research on fistfights and discovered that a lot of them last one punch : In real life , one person 's nose gets broken and the other person 's hand gets broken .
he did some research on fistfights and [found out] that a lot of them last one punch : in real life , one person 's nose gets broken and the other person 's hand gets broken .

Far , popular reaction to NASA 's announcement that its scientists have discovered evidence of life in a meteorite from Mars has been pretty positive .
far , popular reaction to nasa 's announcement that its scientists have [found out] evidence of life in a meteorite from mars has been pretty positive .

He said it was supported by a document discovered in one of his lawsuits .
he said it was supported by a document [found out] in one of his lawsuits .

Which of the following describes a footprint discovered in a French cave , and which describes The Chimp Channel , premiering tonight on TBS ?
which of the following describes a footprint [found out] in a french cave , and which describes the chimp channel , premiering tonight on tbs ?

The earliest human footprints , discovered in South Africa , are believed to be 117 , 000 years old .
the earliest human footprints , [found out] in south africa , are believed to be 117 , 000 years old .

In a report picked up by Canada 's National Post to lead its front page Monday , the Observer of London said Sunday that hundreds of documents discovered after the Yugoslav retreat from Kosovo prove that the ethnic cleansing there had been `` meticulously planned and ordered from Belgrade . ''
in a report picked up by canada 's national post to lead its front page monday , the observer of london said sunday that hundreds of documents [found out] after the yugoslav retreat from kosovo prove that the ethnic cleansing there had been `` meticulously planned and ordered from belgrade . ''

Yesterday , on the first day of our journey to Los Angeles , I discovered the third major innovation .
yesterday , on the first day of our journey to los angeles , i [found out] the third major innovation .

Sadly , as we have discovered during a long McSalad-free trek across Kentucky , the McSalad Shaker is available only at 900 experimental outlets .
sadly , as we have [found out] during a long mcsalad-free trek across kentucky , the mcsalad shaker is available only at 900 experimental outlets .

He was most famous for his scat improvisations and enjoyed a renaissance in the 1990s , when , after a lifetime of performing , he was discovered by a younger generation interested in lounge music .
he was most famous for his scat improvisations and enjoyed a renaissance in the 1990s , when , after a lifetime of performing , he was [found out] by a younger generation interested in lounge music .

They may even have actually killed the woman at the party , who Harford , flashing his doctor badge again , has discovered lying dead from an overdose in a mortuary drawer .
they may even have actually killed the woman at the party , who harford , flashing his doctor badge again , has [found out] lying dead from an overdose in a mortuary drawer .

The Jerusalem Post pointed to a `` novelty-seeking and risk-taking gene discovered in Israel '' ( see `` International Papers '' for ) .
the jerusalem post pointed to a `` novelty-seeking and risk-taking gene [found out] in israel '' ( see `` international papers '' for ) .

The mammoth , dubbed Zharkov after the local man who discovered its tusk , was a 9-foot-tall adult male , about 47 years old at the time of death ; it would have looked like a hairy elephant to the modern eye , much like ... oh , make up your own damn joke .
the mammoth , dubbed zharkov after the local man who [found out] its tusk , was a 9-foot-tall adult male , about 47 years old at the time of death ; it would have looked like a hairy elephant to the modern eye , much like ... oh , make up your own damn joke .

Australian troops discovered nine charred bodies , the first physical evidence of human rights abuses .
australian troops [found out] nine charred bodies , the first physical evidence of human rights abuses .

The director reportedly discovered Arthur Schnitzler 's 1926 Traumnovelle ( Dream Novella , although it has been translated as other things ) in the late '60s , spent several years on the updated and Americanized but otherwise faithful script ( he shares the credit with Frederic Raphael ) , and shot and reshot it for an eyes-wide-opening period of a year and a half .
the director reportedly [found out] arthur schnitzler 's 1926 traumnovelle ( dream novella , although it has been translated as other things ) in the late '60s , spent several years on the updated and americanized but otherwise faithful script ( he shares the credit with frederic raphael ) , and shot and reshot it for an eyes-wide-opening period of a year and a half .

The movie opens with a placard declaring that three film students went into the woods near `` Burkittsville , Maryland '' to make a documentary and were never heard from again , and that their footage was discovered a year after their disappearance .
the movie opens with a placard declaring that three film students went into the woods near `` burkittsville , maryland '' to make a documentary and were never heard from again , and that their footage was [found out] a year after their disappearance .

Jane Bahor -- an anaplastologist at Duke University Medical Center -- has discovered a new use for the Barbie doll .
jane bahor -- an anaplastologist at duke university medical center -- has [found out] a new use for the barbie doll .

By placing one of Barbie 's legs inside a hollow prosthetic finger , Bahor discovered that Barbie 's transplanted knee joint gave patients greater mechanical flexibility and control over their artificial digits .
by placing one of barbie 's legs inside a hollow prosthetic finger , bahor [found out] that barbie 's transplanted knee joint gave patients greater mechanical flexibility and control over their artificial digits .

An unusual fossil skull , which may contain new clues about human evolution , was discovered in an Upper West Side curio shop .
an unusual fossil skull , which may contain new clues about human evolution , was [found out] in an upper west side curio shop .

It will only be known after the vote of Nov. 6 if the queen will go the way of a species of dinosaur just discovered in Australia .
it will only be known after the vote of nov. 6 if the queen will go the way of a species of dinosaur just [found out] in australia .

The Australian reported Wednesday that scientists have discovered a dinosaur the size of a small gray kangaroo and have curiously named it `` Qantassaurus intrepidus '' after the Australian airline , Qantas .
the australian reported wednesday that scientists have [found out] a dinosaur the size of a small gray kangaroo and have curiously named it `` qantassaurus intrepidus '' after the australian airline , qantas .

In a cave in the Ardeche near Valence , Alban Defleur of the University of the Mediterranean in Marseilles and Tim White of the University of California at Berkeley discovered 100,000-year-old human bones mixed up with those of animals , all of them looking like the leftovers from dinner .
in a cave in the ardeche near valence , alban defleur of the university of the mediterranean in marseilles and tim white of the university of california at berkeley [found out] 100,000-year-old human bones mixed up with those of animals , all of them looking like the leftovers from dinner .

When they arrived at their destination , M. and her family made a terrible discovery , `` We discovered that our clothes were soaked through -- the top clothes were so wet that the dye had bled through down to the lower levels , destroying lots of other clothes .
when they arrived at their destination , m. and her family made a terrible discovery , `` we [found out] that our clothes were soaked through -- the top clothes were so wet that the dye had bled through down to the lower levels , destroying lots of other clothes .

The Jerusalem Post pointed to a `` novelty-seeking and risk-taking gene discovered in Israel '' ( see `` International Papers '' for ) .
the jerusalem post pointed to a `` novelty-seeking and risk-taking gene [found out] in israel '' ( see `` international papers '' for ) .

When they entered the laboratory ( which mere moments before had been a Microsoft conference room ) , they discovered an experiment set up on the following lines :
when they entered the laboratory ( which mere moments before had been a microsoft conference room ) , they [found out] an experiment set up on the following lines :

We 've already discovered that it is hard to follow the news on the road .
we 've already [found out] that it is hard to follow the news on the road .

It said that the embassy was originally on a list of prohibited targets but was removed after NATO forces discovered it was operating as a Yugoslav army re-broadcasting station . )
it said that the embassy was originally on a list of prohibited targets but was removed after nato forces [found out] it was operating as a yugoslav army re-broadcasting station . )

Then I learned Hebrew , obtained a copy of the computer program used by the world-class mathematician who discovered the code , and worked with it myself every day for years .
then i learned hebrew , obtained a copy of the computer program used by the world-class mathematician who [found out] the code , and worked with it myself every day for years .

The paper was quoting Dr. Richard Ebstein , a molecular geneticist at Jerusalem 's Herzog Memorial Hospital , who headed the team that discovered the gene .
the paper was quoting dr. richard ebstein , a molecular geneticist at jerusalem 's herzog memorial hospital , who headed the team that [found out] the gene .

Ebstein discovered `` the D-4 receptor and serotonin transporter promoter gene '' in 1996 , the paper said .
ebstein [found out] `` the d-4 receptor and serotonin transporter promoter gene '' in 1996 , the paper said .

The message of simple reassurance turned out to be more complicated , as Spock himself quickly discovered .
the message of simple reassurance turned out to be more complicated , as spock himself quickly [found out] .

I have recently discovered another affinity .
i have recently [found out] another affinity .

Could we start spending it even if the discovered solution for Social Security 's long-run problem did n't start to have a financial impact for another 20 years ?
could we start spending it even if the [found out] solution for social security 's long-run problem did n't start to have a financial impact for another 20 years ?

He had discovered a giant bug in my area and was insistent I inspect it .
he had [found out] a giant bug in my area and was insistent i inspect it .

When a show stopper is discovered , we drop everything and find a fix .
when a show stopper is [found out] , we drop everything and find a fix .

The Colt shift was discovered by Newsweek , a fact mentioned in the second paragraph at USAT , in the eighth at the Times .
the colt shift was [found out] by newsweek , a fact mentioned in the second paragraph at usat , in the eighth at the times .

I say this with some authority since I have discovered conclusively that world may well be about to end .
i say this with some authority since i have [found out] conclusively that world may well be about to end .

This information came from the unlikely source of the normally ultraconservative London Sunday Telegraph , in which Jenny McCartney reports how a United Nations science project has discovered things are much worse than we hitherto imagined .
this information came from the unlikely source of the normally ultraconservative london sunday telegraph , in which jenny mccartney reports how a united nations science project has [found out] things are much worse than we hitherto imagined .

He wants to recognize Cuba , pass single-payer health-care insurance , install public financing of elections , and spend more money on every social problem ever discovered .
he wants to recognize cuba , pass single-payer health-care insurance , install public financing of elections , and spend more money on every social problem ever [found out] .

The author writes that he discovered this scandal only after his book was in galleys , which is why the accusation is tacked on as an afterword to what is otherwise a shoddy clip job with no fresh news .
the author writes that he [found out] this scandal only after his book was in galleys , which is why the accusation is tacked on as an afterword to what is otherwise a shoddy clip job with no fresh news .

An investigation discovered that the officer marched his troops faster than was recommended and ignored other safety procedures during a training exercise this summer .
an investigation [found out] that the officer marched his troops faster than was recommended and ignored other safety procedures during a training exercise this summer .

The greatest danger posed by cellular phones yet discovered is an increased likelihood of car accidents involving inattentive users .
the greatest danger posed by cellular phones yet [found out] is an increased likelihood of car accidents involving inattentive users .

Kazin wrote about American literature in particular as if he had discovered it himself .
kazin wrote about american literature in particular as if he had [found out] it himself .

Then I discovered one of the secrets to the wand is that it produces minute amounts of ozone , which acts as a germicide .
then i [found out] one of the secrets to the wand is that it produces minute amounts of ozone , which acts as a germicide .

If he had bothered to read any history books , he 'd have discovered that a new set of entrepreneurs was born out of the massive Boeing layoffs of 1970 , when tens of thousands of unemployed Boeing workers were trying their hands at anything to make a buck .
if he had bothered to read any history books , he 'd have [found out] that a new set of entrepreneurs was born out of the massive boeing layoffs of 1970 , when tens of thousands of unemployed boeing workers were trying their hands at anything to make a buck .

Having spoken with several ministers on the phone , Netanyahu has discovered that the opposition to the agreement is much broader than he thought it would be .
having spoken with several ministers on the phone , netanyahu has [found out] that the opposition to the agreement is much broader than he thought it would be .

Critics are disappointed by Eddie Murphy 's turn as a spiritual guru who is discovered by a TV executive and ends up hawking gadgets on a 24 hour cable shopping channel .
critics are disappointed by eddie murphy 's turn as a spiritual guru who is [found out] by a tv executive and ends up hawking gadgets on a 24 hour cable shopping channel .

Reason is objective -- discovered in the outside world .
reason is objective -- [found out] in the outside world .

Faith is subjective -- discovered within .
faith is subjective -- [found out] within .

I have discovered that a 34-year-old co-worker believes in creationism .
i have [found out] that a 34-year-old co-worker believes in creationism .

The co-worker 's argument is that scientific evidence is not reliable because scientists usually change their position after new evidence is discovered .
the co-worker 's argument is that scientific evidence is not reliable because scientists usually change their position after new evidence is [found out] .

What Degas discovered in photography was a nighttime art of stasis and meditative inwardness .
what degas [found out] in photography was a nighttime art of stasis and meditative inwardness .

Some politicians ' discovered memories are less melodramatic .
some politicians ' [found out] memories are less melodramatic .

Even when they are discovered , the public is often forgiving ( or at least forgetting ) .
even when they are [found out] , the public is often forgiving ( or at least forgetting ) .

He discovered that his wife , 38 , was discussing more than drywall with their married contractor , 40 , when the pair was photographed by the Globe .
he [found out] that his wife , 38 , was discussing more than drywall with their married contractor , 40 , when the pair was photographed by the globe .

The Globe touts an `` exclusive '' from a `` tipster '' who claims that in the hours after JonBenet was discovered , John Ramsey gave away a box -- supposedly of the girl 's personal items -- so they would n't `` get ruined during the investigation . ''
the globe touts an `` exclusive '' from a `` tipster '' who claims that in the hours after jonbenet was [found out] , john ramsey gave away a box -- supposedly of the girl 's personal items -- so they would n't `` get ruined during the investigation . ''

Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori is in deep trouble : Citizens are angry over his alleged illegal wiretapping and suppression of journalists , and newly discovered documents indicate that he may have been born in Japan rather than Peru , which would make him ineligible for his job .
peruvian president alberto fujimori is in deep trouble : citizens are angry over his alleged illegal wiretapping and suppression of journalists , and newly [found out] documents indicate that he may have been born in japan rather than peru , which would make him ineligible for his job .

The Army discharged a 20-year decorated veteran one week before he would have been eligible for retirement benefits , because investigators discovered evidence of his homosexuality after an arsonist torched his home .
the army discharged a 20-year decorated veteran one week before he would have been eligible for retirement benefits , because investigators [found out] evidence of his homosexuality after an arsonist torched his home .

Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori is in deep trouble : Citizens are angry over his alleged illegal wiretapping and suppression of journalists , and newly discovered documents indicate that he may have been born in Japan rather than Peru , which would make him ineligible for his job .
peruvian president alberto fujimori is in deep trouble : citizens are angry over his alleged illegal wiretapping and suppression of journalists , and newly [found out] documents indicate that he may have been born in japan rather than peru , which would make him ineligible for his job .

The Army discharged a 20-year decorated veteran one week before he would have been eligible for retirement benefits , because investigators discovered evidence of his homosexuality after an arsonist torched his home .
the army discharged a 20-year decorated veteran one week before he would have been eligible for retirement benefits , because investigators [found out] evidence of his homosexuality after an arsonist torched his home .

Sounds important , and Time 's readers could be forgiven for getting the impression that the magazine had discovered something new .
sounds important , and time 's readers could be forgiven for getting the impression that the magazine had [found out] something new .

A study of Maryland 's reform discovered that 36 percent of those leaving welfare had earnings in the quarter they left , but 75 percent had earnings within 2.5 years .
a study of maryland 's reform [found out] that 36 percent of those leaving welfare had earnings in the quarter they left , but 75 percent had earnings within 2.5 years .

The NYT and Wall Street Journal say they were discovered last Saturday at the Quantico , Va. , offices of the Bureau 's Hostage Rescue Team , the unit that spearheaded the Waco assault .
the nyt and wall street journal say they were [found out] last saturday at the quantico , va. , offices of the bureau 's hostage rescue team , the unit that spearheaded the waco assault .

He reached his point of deepest crisis in Vietnam when he discovered that his actions were n't fully under his own power -- he could be , and was , broken by torture .
he reached his point of deepest crisis in vietnam when he [found out] that his actions were n't fully under his own power -- he could be , and was , broken by torture .

An article on the phony John Kennedy-Marilyn Monroe documents suggests that Lex Cusack , the man who `` discovered '' them , may have forged them .
an article on the phony john kennedy-marilyn monroe documents suggests that lex cusack , the man who `` [found out] '' them , may have forged them .

By the time a toxic attack is discovered and appropriately dealt with , hundreds of thousands of people will be sick or dying .
by the time a toxic attack is [found out] and appropriately dealt with , hundreds of thousands of people will be sick or dying .

The Czech Wichterle , at one time a political prisoner of the Nazis , discovered a polymer that lets the lens remain moist while in contact with the eye .
the czech wichterle , at one time a political prisoner of the nazis , [found out] a polymer that lets the lens remain moist while in contact with the eye .

Harper 's runs nine newly discovered short stories by Anton Chekhov .
harper 's runs nine newly [found out] short stories by anton chekhov .

One inventor is dissed : Alexander Fleming , a scientist of `` mundane skills , '' accidentally discovered penicillin , but it was Ernst Chain and Howard Florey who actually made penicillin a lifesaving drug .
one inventor is dissed : alexander fleming , a scientist of `` mundane skills , '' accidentally [found out] penicillin , but it was ernst chain and howard florey who actually made penicillin a lifesaving drug .

As the AMA discovered , everyone who deals with Dunlap loses -- except his stockholders .
as the ama [found out] , everyone who deals with dunlap loses -- except his stockholders .

He declares himself a philosophical libertarian who discovered Hayek in law school .
he declares himself a philosophical libertarian who [found out] hayek in law school .

The bodies had originally been buried in an old mariners ' cemetery , but in 1948 , the Citadel built a stadium on the site without properly exhuming the graves , which were finally discovered this summer by a neo-Confederate group .
the bodies had originally been buried in an old mariners ' cemetery , but in 1948 , the citadel built a stadium on the site without properly exhuming the graves , which were finally [found out] this summer by a neo-confederate group .

Although he discovered the position through tips from military friends , the Post reveals that Bradley 's application did not get special treatment from military personnel and that he specifically asked the Knicks not to lobby on his behalf .
although he [found out] the position through tips from military friends , the post reveals that bradley 's application did not get special treatment from military personnel and that he specifically asked the knicks not to lobby on his behalf .

Discovered accidentally in the 1930s , it was kept on a shelf until early this decade , when Dow decided to market it aggressively .
[found out] accidentally in the 1930s , it was kept on a shelf until early this decade , when dow decided to market it aggressively .

Often , we 've discovered , the best way to frame an interesting and useful dialogue is not to get a liberal vs. a conservative , but to get two people from roughly the same part of the spectrum who disagree on the application of their shared values to a particular issue .
often , we 've [found out] , the best way to frame an interesting and useful dialogue is not to get a liberal vs. a conservative , but to get two people from roughly the same part of the spectrum who disagree on the application of their shared values to a particular issue .

In the Times piece , Medavoy touchingly describes the kindness and generosity he discovered during his adversity period : `` Even the courier who used to bring films to me at home said he 'd be happy to bring them to me for nothing . ''
in the times piece , medavoy touchingly describes the kindness and generosity he [found out] during his adversity period : `` even the courier who used to bring films to me at home said he 'd be happy to bring them to me for nothing . ''

The New York Times lead reports that law enforcement investigators have discovered Russian mobsters may have used accounts at the Bank of New York to launder some $ 10 billion .
the new york times lead reports that law enforcement investigators have [found out] russian mobsters may have used accounts at the bank of new york to launder some $ 10 billion .

In truth , I do n't much care what is discovered about my `` habits '' through my Web use . )
in truth , i do n't much care what is [found out] about my `` habits '' through my web use . )

According to USAT and the Los Angeles Times , Turkish clean-up efforts turned to clearing debris and stemming the spread of disease as it became clear , five days after the quake , that few if any victims remain to be discovered alive .
according to usat and the los angeles times , turkish clean-up efforts turned to clearing debris and stemming the spread of disease as it became clear , five days after the quake , that few if any victims remain to be [found out] alive .

Thailand , meanwhile , has discovered a solution to its ubiquitous drug problem .
thailand , meanwhile , has [found out] a solution to its ubiquitous drug problem .

The St. Petersburg Times of Russia reported plans by left-wing groups to disrupt the planned summer burial of the remains -- of Czar Nicholas II ; his wife , Alexandra ; three of their five children ; and four of their servants -- discovered near Yekaterinburg in 1991 .
the st. petersburg times of russia reported plans by left-wing groups to disrupt the planned summer burial of the remains -- of czar nicholas ii ; his wife , alexandra ; three of their five children ; and four of their servants -- [found out] near yekaterinburg in 1991 .

In politics , what could be worse than having your cold , dead ass dug up from Arlington Cemetery when it 's discovered that your tombstone there is full of lies ?
in politics , what could be worse than having your cold , dead ass dug up from arlington cemetery when it 's [found out] that your tombstone there is full of lies ?

Through much arduous research , this column has discovered a more subtle variant : A Triple-X site operating from Los Angeles has a panic button that instantly kicks over to the CNN Web site .
through much arduous research , this column has [found out] a more subtle variant : a triple-x site operating from los angeles has a panic button that instantly kicks over to the cnn web site .

USAT reports that on a 1995 Iraq visit , Ritter , a seasoned inspector , discovered smuggled-in missile guidance equipment .
usat reports that on a 1995 iraq visit , ritter , a seasoned inspector , [found out] smuggled-in missile guidance equipment .

It had been operating from coast to coast for three years and before it was discovered had enabled several hundred students to gain acceptance into graduate schools with fraudulent GRE , GMAT and ESL scores that some had paid up to $ 9,000 for .
it had been operating from coast to coast for three years and before it was [found out] had enabled several hundred students to gain acceptance into graduate schools with fraudulent gre , gmat and esl scores that some had paid up to $ 9,000 for .

Hersh even pulls in Nixon , mentioning that the Kennedy-era CIA discovered he had taken a $ 100,000 bribe .
hersh even pulls in nixon , mentioning that the kennedy-era cia [found out] he had taken a $ 100,000 bribe .

For a long while , now , as tourists discovered the town , sweatshirt and knick-knack shops have been replacing the general merchandise businesses of a working town , until now Centre Street is one long tourist mall .
for a long while , now , as tourists [found out] the town , sweatshirt and knick-knack shops have been replacing the general merchandise businesses of a working town , until now centre street is one long tourist mall .

Here 's a cute-but-frightening true fact I just discovered : My 9-year-old daughter knows the name of Rupert Murdoch 's new wife .
here 's a cute-but-frightening true fact i just [found out] : my 9-year-old daughter knows the name of rupert murdoch 's new wife .

Three-and-a-half pages on how humiliated a woman with professional credentials was when her friends discovered that she liked to keep house ?
three-and-a-half pages on how humiliated a woman with professional credentials was when her friends [found out] that she liked to keep house ?

Judah Folkman , the biomedical researcher who landed on the cover of the New York Times for having discovered the cure for cancer , then found himself ostracized by his colleagues because he had n't , really , though he never claimed he had .
judah folkman , the biomedical researcher who landed on the cover of the new york times for having [found out] the cure for cancer , then found himself ostracized by his colleagues because he had n't , really , though he never claimed he had .

A Moebius strip is a self-contained closed loop-the thing discovered ( invented ? )
a moebius strip is a self-contained closed loop-the thing [found out] ( invented ? )

I discovered Vogue.com last night , which is evidently brand new .
i [found out] vogue.com last night , which is evidently brand new .

Fashionable women discovered that simply cut garments in plain black fabric were as flattering to them as evening clothes were to men .
fashionable women [found out] that simply cut garments in plain black fabric were as flattering to them as evening clothes were to men .

About five hours later , his supine body was discovered by a secluded Civil War cannon near the Potomac River , a bullet wound through his mouth , his right thumb trapped in the trigger of an antique .38-caliber revolver , gun-shot residue on his hand , and blood oozing from the back of his head .
about five hours later , his supine body was [found out] by a secluded civil war cannon near the potomac river , a bullet wound through his mouth , his right thumb trapped in the trigger of an antique .38-caliber revolver , gun-shot residue on his hand , and blood oozing from the back of his head .

As he plows his way through hundreds of pages of witness statements , he thinks he has discovered what they were wearing : orange vests !
as he plows his way through hundreds of pages of witness statements , he thinks he has [found out] what they were wearing : orange vests !

Its subject , John Nash , is a mathematical genius who went crazy at the age of 30 and then , after several decades of flamboyant lunacy , was awarded the Nobel Prize in economics for something he had discovered as a graduate student .
its subject , john nash , is a mathematical genius who went crazy at the age of 30 and then , after several decades of flamboyant lunacy , was awarded the nobel prize in economics for something he had [found out] as a graduate student .

The eeriest thing I discovered while reading this superb book was that Nash and I came within a couple of years of crossing paths in a Virginia mental hospital .
the eeriest thing i [found out] while reading this superb book was that nash and i came within a couple of years of crossing paths in a virginia mental hospital .

Speaking as one of the latter , I discovered that Horwitz made me confront my aversion in a way that was both troubling and revealing .
speaking as one of the latter , i [found out] that horwitz made me confront my aversion in a way that was both troubling and revealing .

In Orchard 's hotel room , police discovered materials for rigging up a bomb .
in orchard 's hotel room , police [found out] materials for rigging up a bomb .

These gangsters were as tough as the Irish and as powerful as the Italian mob , and when I discovered this fact at age 12 or so , it thrilled me .
these gangsters were as tough as the irish and as powerful as the italian mob , and when i [found out] this fact at age 12 or so , it thrilled me .

Bernbach and his colleagues had discovered , as Frank puts it , `` the magic cultural formula by which the life of consumerism could be extended indefinitely , running forever on the discontent that it had itself produced . ''
bernbach and his colleagues had [found out] , as frank puts it , `` the magic cultural formula by which the life of consumerism could be extended indefinitely , running forever on the discontent that it had itself produced . ''

Twenty years before Masters and Johnson , for example , he discovered that , contrary to the then-dominant view , the great majority of women experienced not vaginal but clitoral orgasm .
twenty years before masters and johnson , for example , he [found out] that , contrary to the then-dominant view , the great majority of women experienced not vaginal but clitoral orgasm .

As humans discovered things about their world and each other and shared these discoveries , and as they instituted conventions and rules to coordinate their desires , the phenomenon called `` culture '' arose .
as humans [found out] things about their world and each other and shared these discoveries , and as they instituted conventions and rules to coordinate their desires , the phenomenon called `` culture '' arose .

When Keats likens himself in this poem to `` stout Cortez , '' who discovered the Pacific , is he implying that Cortez somehow resented the Pacific for existing before he discovered it ?
when keats likens himself in this poem to `` stout cortez , '' who [found out] the pacific , is he implying that cortez somehow resented the pacific for existing before he [found out] it ?

In recognition of this achievement , the lepidopterists have christened some recently discovered specimens of the Polyommatini with Nabokovian names , such as Madeleinea lolita .
in recognition of this achievement , the lepidopterists have christened some recently [found out] specimens of the polyommatini with nabokovian names , such as madeleinea lolita .

The Americans will claim elements 104 ( rutherfordium , after physicist Ernest Rutherford ) and 106 ( seaborgium , after nuclear physicist Glen Seaborg ) ; the Russians get element 105 ( dubnium , after the Joint Institute of Nuclear Research in Dubna , Russia ) ; and the Germans 107 to 109 ( respectively bohrium , after Danish quantum physicist Niels Bohr ; hassium , after the German state of Hesse , where it was discovered ; and meitnerium , after German physicist Lise Meitner ) .
the americans will claim elements 104 ( rutherfordium , after physicist ernest rutherford ) and 106 ( seaborgium , after nuclear physicist glen seaborg ) ; the russians get element 105 ( dubnium , after the joint institute of nuclear research in dubna , russia ) ; and the germans 107 to 109 ( respectively bohrium , after danish quantum physicist niels bohr ; hassium , after the german state of hesse , where it was [found out] ; and meitnerium , after german physicist lise meitner ) .

Foster -- who also analyzed Primary Colors last year and accurately identified Joe Klein as the author -- discovered the elegy in 1984 and , in last October 's issue of PMLA , wrote that it `` is formed from textual and linguistic fabric indistinguishable from that of canonical Shakespeare . ''
foster -- who also analyzed primary colors last year and accurately identified joe klein as the author -- [found out] the elegy in 1984 and , in last october 's issue of pmla , wrote that it `` is formed from textual and linguistic fabric indistinguishable from that of canonical shakespeare . ''

Historians of science have long questioned whether Einstein truly discovered the idea , or whether the honor goes to Göttingen mathematician David Hilbert , who submitted a paper on the subject five days before Einstein turned in his work .
historians of science have long questioned whether einstein truly [found out] the idea , or whether the honor goes to göttingen mathematician david hilbert , who submitted a paper on the subject five days before einstein turned in his work .

A British mining concern has discovered that 1.5 million tons of coal lie buried beneath Newstead Abbey , the family estate of Lord Byron .
a british mining concern has [found out] that 1.5 million tons of coal lie buried beneath newstead abbey , the family estate of lord byron .

Paleontologist Ivan Turk , who discovered the bone , recently told Scientific American that the four holes are `` really well rounded and just about the right separation for humans to put their finger on . ''
paleontologist ivan turk , who [found out] the bone , recently told scientific american that the four holes are `` really well rounded and just about the right separation for humans to put their finger on . ''

You play these songs at 33 , you will believe you have discovered the secret of life .
you play these songs at 33 , you will believe you have [found out] the secret of life .

Writing last Sunday in the New York Times Magazine , New York University politics professor Mark Lilla claims to have discovered why the Sixties still incite debate in America ( under the guise of the culture wars ) whereas such matters have long since been resolved in Europe : Americans naively make a religion out of democracy .
writing last sunday in the new york times magazine , new york university politics professor mark lilla claims to have [found out] why the sixties still incite debate in america ( under the guise of the culture wars ) whereas such matters have long since been resolved in europe : americans naively make a religion out of democracy .

Along with George Michael , she 's my newly discovered icon .
along with george michael , she 's my newly [found out] icon .

Cleveland 's Ewing reports that last summer , when he tried to find John Carpenter 's original version of Halloween -- the one with a young Jamie Lee Curtis -- he discovered there were no prints to be had .
cleveland 's ewing reports that last summer , when he tried to find john carpenter 's original version of halloween -- the one with a young jamie lee curtis -- he [found out] there were no prints to be had .

A bottle of over-the-counter speed is discovered in the 16-year-old daughter 's bedroom ?
a bottle of over-the-counter speed is [found out] in the 16-year-old daughter 's bedroom ?

A corpse is discovered in a grotesque state of mutilation , then the scene shifts to an autopsy room where skulls are popped off and innards held up for inspection .
a corpse is [found out] in a grotesque state of mutilation , then the scene shifts to an autopsy room where skulls are popped off and innards held up for inspection .

The soothsayer who `` discovered '' the skeleton of the murdered man at Raul 's estate actually planted the bones .
the soothsayer who `` [found out] '' the skeleton of the murdered man at raul 's estate actually planted the bones .

A story notes that biologists have discovered dozens of new mammal species in the past few years , including a new whale and a `` giant barking deer . ''
a story notes that biologists have [found out] dozens of new mammal species in the past few years , including a new whale and a `` giant barking deer . ''

The New Yorker chronicles the bitter fight over Kennewick Man , a skeleton with Caucasoid features discovered recently in Washington state .
the new yorker chronicles the bitter fight over kennewick man , a skeleton with caucasoid features [found out] recently in washington state .

The Washington Post goes with the revelation that last fall , just weeks after gaining China 's pledge to halt assistance to Iran 's nuclear programs ( elicited in return for allowing American firms to sell nuclear reactors to China ) , the Clinton administration discovered and protested China 's secret negotiations with Iran regarding shipping it material used to make weapons-grade uranium .
the washington post goes with the revelation that last fall , just weeks after gaining china 's pledge to halt assistance to iran 's nuclear programs ( elicited in return for allowing american firms to sell nuclear reactors to china ) , the clinton administration [found out] and protested china 's secret negotiations with iran regarding shipping it material used to make weapons-grade uranium .

The other is the bizarre news that last week , the family of one of the young girls murdered in that 1963 Birmingham church bombing discovered that her grave is empty .
the other is the bizarre news that last week , the family of one of the young girls murdered in that 1963 birmingham church bombing [found out] that her grave is empty .

The piece has the good detail that when Zinni headed up peacekeeping efforts in Somalia , he met regularly with local cartoonists , who he discovered , had inordinate influence on the largely illiterate local populace .
the piece has the good detail that when zinni headed up peacekeeping efforts in somalia , he met regularly with local cartoonists , who he [found out] , had inordinate influence on the largely illiterate local populace .

Then the veterinarians looked at Cigar 's sperm under the microscope and discovered the horse 's appalling little secret .
then the veterinarians looked at cigar 's sperm under the microscope and [found out] the horse 's appalling little secret .

When Abraham discovered that his daughter could sing , he turned his children into a band called Selena y Los Dinos .
when abraham [found out] that his daughter could sing , he turned his children into a band called selena y los dinos .

Suppose that an investigative journalist visited Freedonia and discovered that it was all a sham .
suppose that an investigative journalist visited freedonia and [found out] that it was all a sham .

Did you read that Italian scientists discovered a gene that exerts major control over the life span of mice ?
did you read that italian scientists [found out] a gene that exerts major control over the life span of mice ?

Rupert discovered something unexpected about Hillary : get her away on a weekend , and she could be playful .
rupert [found out] something unexpected about hillary : get her away on a weekend , and she could be playful .

Ellison seemed to have discovered instantly that his one good novel was his first .
ellison seemed to have [found out] instantly that his one good novel was his first .

Henceforth , as Tucker sees it , Monet searched for a more private and less jingoistic tie to the French landscape and discovered it in the multiple layers of his own water garden .
henceforth , as tucker sees it , monet searched for a more private and less jingoistic tie to the french landscape and [found out] it in the multiple layers of his own water garden .

Their story of how the Internet was discovered is a blow-by-blow saga of how a single engineering problem , in this case the construction of the ARPANET ( precursor to the Internet ) , was solved .
their story of how the internet was [found out] is a blow-by-blow saga of how a single engineering problem , in this case the construction of the arpanet ( precursor to the internet ) , was solved .

It is not overarching moral or political meaning that Didion has suddenly discovered .
it is not overarching moral or political meaning that didion has suddenly [found out] .

Shortly before his death in 1973 , after Darger moved out to a nursing home , his landlord opened up his room and discovered , amid piles of presumably artistic debris ( hundreds of pairs of smashed eyeglasses , balls of string , old pairs of shoes , scores of empty Pepto-Bismol bottles ) , one 2,600-page autobiography , an 11-year weather log , 87 watercolors , 67 pencil drawings , and the tale of the Vivian Girls .
shortly before his death in 1973 , after darger moved out to a nursing home , his landlord opened up his room and [found out] , amid piles of presumably artistic debris ( hundreds of pairs of smashed eyeglasses , balls of string , old pairs of shoes , scores of empty pepto-bismol bottles ) , one 2,600-page autobiography , an 11-year weather log , 87 watercolors , 67 pencil drawings , and the tale of the vivian girls .

The perfection of that translucent and acoustically resonant pottery , a thousand years before the West discovered its secret recipe , gave the name `` china '' to fine dinnerware in Europe .
the perfection of that translucent and acoustically resonant pottery , a thousand years before the west [found out] its secret recipe , gave the name `` china '' to fine dinnerware in europe .

Hannah Höch said she discovered its possibilities when she saw a kitsch tableau of German military glory ; the idealized soldier had her landlord 's face pasted on .
hannah höch said she [found out] its possibilities when she saw a kitsch tableau of german military glory ; the idealized soldier had her landlord 's face pasted on .

Anti-Castro Cuban expatriates have inserted him into a messianic narrative in which Elian , plucked from the sea , stands as Moses discovered among the bulrushes : Just as Moses led the Jews out of slavery in Egypt , so to will Elian free Cubans from Castro 's rule .
anti-castro cuban expatriates have inserted him into a messianic narrative in which elian , plucked from the sea , stands as moses [found out] among the bulrushes : just as moses led the jews out of slavery in egypt , so to will elian free cubans from castro 's rule .

Isikoff discovered that the Bush campaign has devised a system for keeping track of how much various special interests are collecting for the candidate .
isikoff [found out] that the bush campaign has devised a system for keeping track of how much various special interests are collecting for the candidate .

Not long ago , however , I discovered the journal that never fails to amaze : the American Journal of Forensic Medicine and Pathology .
not long ago , however , i [found out] the journal that never fails to amaze : the american journal of forensic medicine and pathology .

I recently picked up the Annals of Saudi Medicine , for example , and discovered , to my surprise , the telling obsessions of a modernized country : ulcers , a growing epidemic of obesity , smoking , heart disease , child abuse .
i recently picked up the annals of saudi medicine , for example , and [found out] , to my surprise , the telling obsessions of a modernized country : ulcers , a growing epidemic of obesity , smoking , heart disease , child abuse .

Aetna discovered that , in the words of its president , `` We miscalculated how valuable the experience level was , and is , in the staff that works in these service centers . ''
aetna [found out] that , in the words of its president , `` we miscalculated how valuable the experience level was , and is , in the staff that works in these service centers . ''

When she got to her destination , she discovered that her clothing was ruined .
when she got to her destination , she [found out] that her clothing was ruined .

Within a week the snoop had discovered his unlisted phone numbers , bank balances , stock holdings , and salary , as well as the phone numbers of everyone he calls .
within a week the snoop had [found out] his unlisted phone numbers , bank balances , stock holdings , and salary , as well as the phone numbers of everyone he calls .

It discovered that the plane carrying Pakistan 's military leader Gen. Pervaiz Musharraf on his coup mission in October had refueled twice on its way to Karachi .
it [found out] that the plane carrying pakistan 's military leader gen. pervaiz musharraf on his coup mission in october had refueled twice on its way to karachi .

Prusiner 's hypothesis is that fatal brain maladies such as mad-cow disease and Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease are caused not by viruses , bacteria , fungi , or some other mundane agent but by something startlingly new that he has discovered -- mutant , rampaging proteins known as `` prions , '' short for `` proteinaceous infectious particles . ''
prusiner 's hypothesis is that fatal brain maladies such as mad-cow disease and creutzfeldt-jakob disease are caused not by viruses , bacteria , fungi , or some other mundane agent but by something startlingly new that he has [found out] -- mutant , rampaging proteins known as `` prions , '' short for `` proteinaceous infectious particles . ''

Before moving on , a quick course in molecular biology : All living creatures , from viruses on up , pull off the feat of self-replication by encoding the necessary information in nucleic acids -- in particular the double-stranded DNA discovered by Crick and Watson or , for a few renegade viruses , single-stranded RNA or even single-stranded DNA .
before moving on , a quick course in molecular biology : all living creatures , from viruses on up , pull off the feat of self-replication by encoding the necessary information in nucleic acids -- in particular the double-stranded dna [found out] by crick and watson or , for a few renegade viruses , single-stranded rna or even single-stranded dna .

Prusiner 's boilerplate response to prion critics has been that if mad-cow disease or any of the other `` prion diseases '' is caused by a virus , then surely that virus would have been discovered by now .
prusiner 's boilerplate response to prion critics has been that if mad-cow disease or any of the other `` prion diseases '' is caused by a virus , then surely that virus would have been [found out] by now .

Then he discovered the Church of George Herbert Walker Christ .
then he [found out] the church of george herbert walker christ .

Then I discovered something quite amazing about my profit-sharing plan .
then i [found out] something quite amazing about my profit-sharing plan .

In a company bathroom , the man , the lone black crew chief at his work space , discovered a depiction of himself next to the words , `` Nigger , Nigger , Nigger . ''
in a company bathroom , the man , the lone black crew chief at his work space , [found out] a depiction of himself next to the words , `` nigger , nigger , nigger . ''

Wandering the streets of this provincial backwater , I discovered yet again that Washington is all action and no Talk .
wandering the streets of this provincial backwater , i [found out] yet again that washington is all action and no talk .

Their bodies were discovered , along with 15 survivors , inside a metal shipping container unloaded in Seattle .
their bodies were [found out] , along with 15 survivors , inside a metal shipping container unloaded in seattle .

This dynamic explains why Will picked James Watson and Francis Crick ( who discovered DNA in 1953 ) as his men of the century , why Kristol picked Abraham Lincoln as his man of the millennium , and why end-of-year movies score well in the Academy Awards .
this dynamic explains why will picked james watson and francis crick ( who [found out] dna in 1953 ) as his men of the century , why kristol picked abraham lincoln as his man of the millennium , and why end-of-year movies score well in the academy awards .

At the same time , my mother invited a friend of hers for Christmas dinner because the woman recently discovered her husband 's 6-year-long affair and has no one to share the holiday with .
at the same time , my mother invited a friend of hers for christmas dinner because the woman recently [found out] her husband 's 6-year-long affair and has no one to share the holiday with .

The researchers , who hail from Australia , Britain , Japan , New Zealand , Sweden , and the United States , discovered that Chromosome 22 contains 33.4 million different letters of genetic code and at least 545 genes .
the researchers , who hail from australia , britain , japan , new zealand , sweden , and the united states , [found out] that chromosome 22 contains 33.4 million different letters of genetic code and at least 545 genes .

Wertham was a student of Freud who discovered a message that Bob Kane , Batman 's creator , probably never consciously intended .
wertham was a student of freud who [found out] a message that bob kane , batman 's creator , probably never consciously intended .

I also wondered : What about those women , some of them pretty , bright , and articulate , who admirably recoiled from this clown when they discovered they were fodder for his Hollywood ambitions ?
i also wondered : what about those women , some of them pretty , bright , and articulate , who admirably recoiled from this clown when they [found out] they were fodder for his hollywood ambitions ?

There he discovered my IDE port was disabled .
there he [found out] my ide port was disabled .

It would make a wonderful tale if these two ( both associated with the American Enterprise Institute , a conservative Washington think tank ) had discovered what the entire finance establishment had missed , and written the next Wealth of Nations .
it would make a wonderful tale if these two ( both associated with the american enterprise institute , a conservative washington think tank ) had [found out] what the entire finance establishment had missed , and written the next wealth of nations .

The elderly widow ( Myra Carter ) has discovered in a safe an 8 millimeter film that appears to document the murder of a young woman .
the elderly widow ( myra carter ) has [found out] in a safe an 8 millimeter film that appears to document the murder of a young woman .

This week 's episode was as cuddly as an episode of Full House , and the previous one , in which it 's discovered that the moon has become a vulgar tourist trap , seemed recycled from Simpsons outtakes right down to the `` Whalers on the Moon '' singing panorama .
this week 's episode was as cuddly as an episode of full house , and the previous one , in which it 's [found out] that the moon has become a vulgar tourist trap , seemed recycled from simpsons outtakes right down to the `` whalers on the moon '' singing panorama .

Scientists discovered that the cells of the 3-year-old sheep are as worn as those of the 6-year-old from which they were cloned .
scientists [found out] that the cells of the 3-year-old sheep are as worn as those of the 6-year-old from which they were cloned .

After a routine audit of the departmental phone bill , GMU discovered the calls and found them to be in violation of NCAA rules intended to curb recruitment abuses .
after a routine audit of the departmental phone bill , gmu [found out] the calls and found them to be in violation of ncaa rules intended to curb recruitment abuses .

This recently discovered early Tennessee Williams play has been stunningly staged -- critics praise the acting , direction , and costumes -- but they debate whether the work itself is amateurish or fully formed .
this recently [found out] early tennessee williams play has been stunningly staged -- critics praise the acting , direction , and costumes -- but they debate whether the work itself is amateurish or fully formed .

The next day Susanna discovered Allegra 's stiff body lying in grass behind the house , and a couple of days later the body of Bella was discovered in one of her favorite patches of undergrowth .
the next day susanna [found out] allegra 's stiff body lying in grass behind the house , and a couple of days later the body of bella was [found out] in one of her favorite patches of undergrowth .

If the Rawlsian philosophers had bothered to do a little arithmetic , they might have discovered that their arguments are a lot stronger than they dared to expect .
if the rawlsian philosophers had bothered to do a little arithmetic , they might have [found out] that their arguments are a lot stronger than they dared to expect .

Under it , supposedly , is Imhotep ( Arnold Vosloo ) , an ancient priest discovered -- in the movie 's prologue -- in a compromising position with the Pharaoh 's mistress , who kills herself in an act of feminist defiance .
under it , supposedly , is imhotep ( arnold vosloo ) , an ancient priest [found out] -- in the movie 's prologue -- in a compromising position with the pharaoh 's mistress , who kills herself in an act of feminist defiance .

Jean-Paul Sartre discovered something similar , although celebrating it rather than deploring it : Essential to the erotic is the body 's defiance of design and control .
jean-paul sartre [found out] something similar , although celebrating it rather than deploring it : essential to the erotic is the body 's defiance of design and control .

This , I discovered , is the chief obstacle to sexual self-help .
this , i [found out] , is the chief obstacle to sexual self-help .

Les Mis , as untold millions of theatergoers have discovered before me , turns out to be an intelligent and moving show .
les mis , as untold millions of theatergoers have [found out] before me , turns out to be an intelligent and moving show .

Consider also that Smith deliberately avoided identifying the performers by race -- '' It took years before anybody discovered that Mississippi John Hurt was n't a hillbilly , '' he said , and it is just as surprising to find out that such bluesmen as Hutchinson and Richard `` Rabbit '' Brown were white .
consider also that smith deliberately avoided identifying the performers by race -- '' it took years before anybody [found out] that mississippi john hurt was n't a hillbilly , '' he said , and it is just as surprising to find out that such bluesmen as hutchinson and richard `` rabbit '' brown were white .

Many people who read our instructions were not deterred by the defect you discovered and have sent us heartfelt questions on a number of subjects .
many people who read our instructions were not deterred by the defect you [found out] and have sent us heartfelt questions on a number of subjects .

Simova discovered the truth about the wartime atrocities almost immediately afterward , including her own parents ' deaths in Auschwitz .
simova [found out] the truth about the wartime atrocities almost immediately afterward , including her own parents ' deaths in auschwitz .

James later discovered that his microphone was on .
james later [found out] that his microphone was on .

Not long ago , one of my sisters discovered that she was to be the only passenger on a commercial flight , and settled in for the journey .
not long ago , one of my sisters [found out] that she was to be the only passenger on a commercial flight , and settled in for the journey .

Watching dupes year after year , measuring prints with calipers , subjecting the movie to `` vector analysis '' and performing their own stopwatch experiments , these critics ( including several academics ) have discovered the film is not merely evidence of conspiracy but is also a part of the plot .
watching dupes year after year , measuring prints with calipers , subjecting the movie to `` vector analysis '' and performing their own stopwatch experiments , these critics ( including several academics ) have [found out] the film is not merely evidence of conspiracy but is also a part of the plot .

Deep inside the Post there 's word that despite earlier denials , Switzerland 's largest bank yesterday admitted that documents discovered in its shredder room by a night watchman who then disseminated them may in fact have been related to dormant accounts of Holocaust victims .
deep inside the post there 's word that despite earlier denials , switzerland 's largest bank yesterday admitted that documents [found out] in its shredder room by a night watchman who then disseminated them may in fact have been related to dormant accounts of holocaust victims .

They had discovered a method for pricing options .
they had [found out] a method for pricing options .

On that day in 1970 , they surely knew that they had discovered something of great value .
on that day in 1970 , they surely knew that they had [found out] something of great value .

Any claims that they actually discovered it first , but kept it to themselves , would have been met with skepticism at the faculty club .
any claims that they actually [found out] it first , but kept it to themselves , would have been met with skepticism at the faculty club .

For example , it says that I 'd discovered that a third of the early entries written by staff researchers had ripped off other reference works .
for example , it says that i 'd [found out] that a third of the early entries written by staff researchers had ripped off other reference works .

The girls made the mistake of exchanging notes during this transaction that were later discovered by school officials .
the girls made the mistake of exchanging notes during this transaction that were later [found out] by school officials .

Former Surgeon General Joycelyn Elders discovered as much when she suggested that we might study the effects of legalization , which was a bit like her other absurdly controversial suggestion that masturbation was normal .
former surgeon general joycelyn elders [found out] as much when she suggested that we might study the effects of legalization , which was a bit like her other absurdly controversial suggestion that masturbation was normal .

Morris has been doing some polling on spiritual issues , and he has discovered that morality is big .
morris has been doing some polling on spiritual issues , and he has [found out] that morality is big .

He is genuinely excited about this new spiritual stuff he has discovered , and sincere -- painfully sincere -- when he gives you his ideas about his plan to renew American morality .
he is genuinely excited about this new spiritual stuff he has [found out] , and sincere -- painfully sincere -- when he gives you his ideas about his plan to renew american morality .

Problem was , it was discovered late in the game that the buffalo is an anatomically correct he .
problem was , it was [found out] late in the game that the buffalo is an anatomically correct he .

The incident occurred in the mid-1980s and was only discovered in 1995 .
the incident occurred in the mid-1980s and was only [found out] in 1995 .

The WP lead is a story nobody else fronts : A small New Hampshire fraud-prevention database company recently discovered to have purchased more than 22 million driver license pictures from the state governments of South Carolina , Florida and Colorado has been quietly supported in its efforts by nearly $ 1.5 million in federal funds and technical assistance from the Secret Service .
the wp lead is a story nobody else fronts : a small new hampshire fraud-prevention database company recently [found out] to have purchased more than 22 million driver license pictures from the state governments of south carolina , florida and colorado has been quietly supported in its efforts by nearly $ 1.5 million in federal funds and technical assistance from the secret service .

The NYT reports on the Air Force 's official analysis of that plane crash last year in which a young bomber pilot broke formation and disappeared with a plane full of bombs and was later discovered to have crashed into a Colorado mountain .
the nyt reports on the air force 's official analysis of that plane crash last year in which a young bomber pilot broke formation and disappeared with a plane full of bombs and was later [found out] to have crashed into a colorado mountain .

Is n't this just another annoying example of Boomers mistakenly thinking they discovered , nay , invented , something that 's been around for quite a while ?
is n't this just another annoying example of boomers mistakenly thinking they [found out] , nay , invented , something that 's been around for quite a while ?

A WP story says that the General Accounting Office has discovered that welfare reform has generated a $ 4.7 billion windfall for the states , because under the reform the states get a fixed amount of federal money no matter how much they cut their rolls .
a wp story says that the general accounting office has [found out] that welfare reform has generated a $ 4.7 billion windfall for the states , because under the reform the states get a fixed amount of federal money no matter how much they cut their rolls .

The article 's author was part of a small team who re-cut the film based on a newly discovered 58-page memo in which Welles , who lost creative control over `` Touch of Evil '' half-way through its editing , describes his vision of the finished product .
the article 's author was part of a small team who re-cut the film based on a newly [found out] 58-page memo in which welles , who lost creative control over `` touch of evil '' half-way through its editing , describes his vision of the finished product .

USAT and the WP continue to work the amazing story they broke last week of the two three-year-old girls discovered to have been switched shortly after birth at the University of Virginia hospital .
usat and the wp continue to work the amazing story they broke last week of the two three-year-old girls [found out] to have been switched shortly after birth at the university of virginia hospital .

3 years old , the children left a Virginia maternity ward with the wrong parents -- an error discovered only this month when one child 's blood tests did not match her mother 's and father 's .
3 years old , the children left a virginia maternity ward with the wrong parents -- an error [found out] only this month when one child 's blood tests did not match her mother 's and father 's .

Senate investigators have discovered , says the paper , that only 30 percent of hospitals have formal Y2K plans , and that 90 percent of physicians are not addressing the issue in their own offices .
senate investigators have [found out] , says the paper , that only 30 percent of hospitals have formal y2k plans , and that 90 percent of physicians are not addressing the issue in their own offices .

Schliemann , who discovered the site of Troy , used the evidence in Homer 's Iliad to determine his digging site , where any ruins had long since disappeared from view .
schliemann , who [found out] the site of troy , used the evidence in homer 's iliad to determine his digging site , where any ruins had long since disappeared from view .

As new processes are discovered , there must be a vocabulary to match .
as new processes are [found out] , there must be a vocabulary to match .

If such activities come on Top are discovered or one is caught bang to right in possession or vicinity , the perpetrator is placed on Report ( a.k.a .
if such activities come on top are [found out] or one is caught bang to right in possession or vicinity , the perpetrator is placed on report ( a.k.a .

Rotcod surveyed his sentence with considerable pride , and discovered that the statement was a palindrome , causing him to exclaim : “ ` A man !
rotcod surveyed his sentence with considerable pride , and [found out] that the statement was a palindrome , causing him to exclaim : “ ` a man !

We changed back again when the abominable truth was discovered that the word had its own legitimate Latin ancestor , abominosus meaning away from the omens , or hateful and odious .
we changed back again when the abominable truth was [found out] that the word had its own legitimate latin ancestor , abominosus meaning away from the omens , or hateful and odious .

I can still remember the disappointment I felt , many years ago , when I first discovered that the phrase to be in the picture had been stolen from me .
i can still remember the disappointment i felt , many years ago , when i first [found out] that the phrase to be in the picture had been stolen from me .

As I wheeled to leave , Bruce giggled , “ Not so fast , Mr. Lederer. ” He then explained that he too had discovered the formula for the two-word adverb clause and that , moreover , he had been able to replace all nouns , adjectives , and adverbs with phrases and clauses .
as i wheeled to leave , bruce giggled , “ not so fast , mr. lederer. ” he then explained that he too had [found out] the formula for the two-word adverb clause and that , moreover , he had been able to replace all nouns , adjectives , and adverbs with phrases and clauses .

It was the year I discovered that Pansy Euphonia Ubrecht resided in the cabin next to mine at summer camp .
it was the year i [found out] that pansy euphonia ubrecht resided in the cabin next to mine at summer camp .

Edward Boys Ellman , both before World War I. Parish discovered some amusing differences , as when a Sussex girl cries , Oh !
edward boys ellman , both before world war i. parish [found out] some amusing differences , as when a sussex girl cries , oh !

That is because language is invented , not discovered , and , as such , language reflects the creativity and fearful asymmetry of the human mind .
that is because language is invented , not [found out] , and , as such , language reflects the creativity and fearful asymmetry of the human mind .

An interpreter was called in , investigated her background and story , and discovered that some of her sisters still lived in Hungary .
an interpreter was called in , investigated her background and story , and [found out] that some of her sisters still lived in hungary .

In eleventh-century Lapland , before they discovered the nutritional value of reindeer milk , most of the inhabitants kept goats ... .
in eleventh-century lapland , before they [found out] the nutritional value of reindeer milk , most of the inhabitants kept goats ... .

One of our proudest moments came when , upon first loading into our computer the CD-ROM of the Second Edition of the Oxford English Dictionary , we discovered that it contains 121 quotations from VERBATIM .
one of our proudest moments came when , upon first loading into our computer the cd-rom of the second edition of the oxford english dictionary , we [found out] that it contains 121 quotations from verbatim .

The settlers quickly discovered that knowledge of Dharuk ( the Aboriginal language spoken in Sydney ) was of no help to them in communicating with the local Aborigines—unless the Aborigines had learned words from the settlers in the belief that they were English , as indeed happened with some pidgin terms and , in the west , with boomerang .
the settlers quickly [found out] that knowledge of dharuk ( the aboriginal language spoken in sydney ) was of no help to them in communicating with the local aborigines—unless the aborigines had learned words from the settlers in the belief that they were english , as indeed happened with some pidgin terms and , in the west , with boomerang .

Those who try to apply a scientific approach to the assessment of data become rapidly aware that what we are examining is not likely to be complete—which is certainly true when dealing with language—or even accurate , as the alchemists and other early researchers in science discovered .
those who try to apply a scientific approach to the assessment of data become rapidly aware that what we are examining is not likely to be complete—which is certainly true when dealing with language—or even accurate , as the alchemists and other early researchers in science [found out] .

A few years ago I read a brief report on some research that had been done at a California university by a team of psychologists in which they discovered that the way people sign their names and use it for public purposes tells something significant aboutthem .
a few years ago i read a brief report on some research that had been done at a california university by a team of psychologists in which they [found out] that the way people sign their names and use it for public purposes tells something significant aboutthem .

In 1788 the mineral ytterbite ( now gadolinite ) was discovered near the Swedish village ( not town ) of Ytterby .
in 1788 the mineral ytterbite ( now gadolinite ) was [found out] near the swedish village ( not town ) of ytterby .

In 1803 the Swedish chemist Berzelius discovered another earth and named it cerium , for the asteroid ( minor planet ) Ceres .
in 1803 the swedish chemist berzelius [found out] another earth and named it cerium , for the asteroid ( minor planet ) ceres .

In 1886 the aforesaid Lecoq de Boisbaudran ( who had already discovered gallium in 1875 ) isolated dysprosium ( Greek for difficult to reach ) .
in 1886 the aforesaid lecoq de boisbaudran ( who had already [found out] gallium in 1875 ) isolated dysprosium ( greek for difficult to reach ) .

I first noticed it in the early 1980s , coincident with the apex of the looting of the savings and loans , about when Merriam-Webster discovered the tolerable side of Seth Pecksniff .
i first noticed it in the early 1980s , coincident with the apex of the looting of the savings and loans , about when merriam-webster [found out] the tolerable side of seth pecksniff .

That we have discovered that we can slash the crime rate by simply excising the peck from Pecksniffian , so to speak , we should enter the 21st century with everybody living happily ever after .
that we have [found out] that we can slash the crime rate by simply excising the peck from pecksniffian , so to speak , we should enter the 21st century with everybody living happily ever after .

You could arrange to have an element named after your hometown or your country : Scandium , Polonium , Europium , Francium , Americium , Germanium , Berkelium , Californium , Yttrium , and Ytterbium , the last two being elements named after the Swedish town where they were discovered .
you could arrange to have an element named after your hometown or your country : scandium , polonium , europium , francium , americium , germanium , berkelium , californium , yttrium , and ytterbium , the last two being elements named after the swedish town where they were [found out] .

East Haddam , Connecticut Spirit Pond Runestones , A Study in Linguistics The Spirit Pond Runestones were discovered in 1972 by Walter Elliott , a carpenter beachcombing on the banks of the Spirit Pond near Popham Beach in coastal Maine .
east haddam , connecticut spirit pond runestones , a study in linguistics the spirit pond runestones were [found out] in 1972 by walter elliott , a carpenter beachcombing on the banks of the spirit pond near popham beach in coastal maine .

In many cases a term may have existed in the spoken language long before it first appeared in texts and , in any event , earlier written evidence may exist that has not yet been discovered or reported .
in many cases a term may have existed in the spoken language long before it first appeared in texts and , in any event , earlier written evidence may exist that has not yet been [found out] or reported .

Although its philosophy has been taken over by the field of psychiatry ( in which I include psychoanalysis ) , the idea of shriving oneself of fears and other besetting difficulties has its roots -- as far as Western culture is concerned -- in the confessional , though it seems likely that reflexes of that procedure could be discovered in profound Eastern religions if not in shamanistic practices .
although its philosophy has been taken over by the field of psychiatry ( in which i include psychoanalysis ) , the idea of shriving oneself of fears and other besetting difficulties has its roots -- as far as western culture is concerned -- in the confessional , though it seems likely that reflexes of that procedure could be [found out] in profound eastern religions if not in shamanistic practices .

Soon after that , I discovered another kind of cross-talk , which has the insidious effect of undercutting not itself but all related instances .
soon after that , i [found out] another kind of cross-talk , which has the insidious effect of undercutting not itself but all related instances .

One has to admit , these terms represent an improvement over one term that used to be applied to Missourians during the days of persecution in the mid-19th century ( the Missouri state legislature still had an official Mormon extermination order on its books until someone discovered it in the archives in the 1970s ) : they were affectionat4ely known as Pukes .
one has to admit , these terms represent an improvement over one term that used to be applied to missourians during the days of persecution in the mid-19th century ( the missouri state legislature still had an official mormon extermination order on its books until someone [found out] it in the archives in the 1970s ) : they were affectionat4ely known as pukes .

However , in fiddling with my keyboard I discovered that the italic form of æ ( in Times New Roman at least ) is almost indistinguishable from œ except with a magnifying glass—thus ; œ , æ —so I can only assume you have been thwarted by a quirk of the computer !
however , in fiddling with my keyboard i [found out] that the italic form of æ ( in times new roman at least ) is almost indistinguishable from œ except with a magnifying glass—thus ; œ , æ —so i can only assume you have been thwarted by a quirk of the computer !

It was discovered -- and this should no longer be any cause for wonder -- that a sentence containing however could also begin with but .
it was [found out] -- and this should no longer be any cause for wonder -- that a sentence containing however could also begin with but .

Thus , once a pleasing motif has been discovered , the next least exerting is to reproduce it with a slight variation .
thus , once a pleasing motif has been [found out] , the next least exerting is to reproduce it with a slight variation .

Winkler discovered that the first element of binomials , whether nonsense or not , often begins with a laryngeal or velar phoneme which is formed in the back of the mouth ( i.e. , aspirated and unaspirated vowels ) .
winkler [found out] that the first element of binomials , whether nonsense or not , often begins with a laryngeal or velar phoneme which is formed in the back of the mouth ( i.e. , aspirated and unaspirated vowels ) .

Then up popped a descendant of Edmund Halley , the man who discovered the comet ; he said the family pronounces its name to rhyme with holly , brolly ( as in umbrella ) , Good Golly , Miss Molly .
then up popped a descendant of edmund halley , the man who [found out] the comet ; he said the family pronounces its name to rhyme with holly , brolly ( as in umbrella ) , good golly , miss molly .

For example , in working on the etymology for ofay , a derogatory term for a white person used by urban black speakers , I discovered three possible etymologies -- all problematic .
for example , in working on the etymology for ofay , a derogatory term for a white person used by urban black speakers , i [found out] three possible etymologies -- all problematic .

For years I used “ Toadsuck , Arkansas ” as a generic term for any town out in the boonies ; then I discovered that there really is a Toad Suck , Arkansas !
for years i used “ toadsuck , arkansas ” as a generic term for any town out in the boonies ; then i [found out] that there really is a toad suck , arkansas !

Most of the elements discovered in the first exuberant wave of Enlightenment chemistry bear abbreviations close to their actual names : Ni for nickel , first identified in 1751 ( an abbreviation of German Kupfernickel , copper-demon , so called because miners first noticed it as a stubborn adulterant of copper ore ) , Al for aluminum—spelled alumin i um in the British Commonwealth nations ( named in 1825 from Latin alumen , astringent substance ) , Co for cobalt ( isolated in 1735 ; the name is a variant of German Kobold , a kind of imp ) .
most of the elements [found out] in the first exuberant wave of enlightenment chemistry bear abbreviations close to their actual names : ni for nickel , first identified in 1751 ( an abbreviation of german kupfernickel , copper-demon , so called because miners first noticed it as a stubborn adulterant of copper ore ) , al for aluminum—spelled alumin i um in the british commonwealth nations ( named in 1825 from latin alumen , astringent substance ) , co for cobalt ( isolated in 1735 ; the name is a variant of german kobold , a kind of imp ) .

There are a few curve balls here as well , such as tungsten ( from tung sten , Swedish for heavy stone ) , first discovered in 1783 , whose symbol is W , short for Wolfram ( wolf-soot ) —the German name for tungsten oxide .
there are a few curve balls here as well , such as tungsten ( from tung sten , swedish for heavy stone ) , first [found out] in 1783 , whose symbol is w , short for wolfram ( wolf-soot ) —the german name for tungsten oxide .

Tungsten was first discovered in the United States in 1819 , along with tellurium ( with the symbol Te , it comes from Latin tellus , another word for terra , both meaning earth ; compare the consonant shift between Latin puer , boy , and puella , girl ) in Huntington , Connecticut , in a bismuth mine .
tungsten was first [found out] in the united states in 1819 , along with tellurium ( with the symbol te , it comes from latin tellus , another word for terra , both meaning earth ; compare the consonant shift between latin puer , boy , and puella , girl ) in huntington , connecticut , in a bismuth mine .

Jö ; ns Jakob Berzelius , who discovered selenium ( from Greek selene , moon ) in 1818 and named silicon ( from Latin silex , flint ) in 1824 , compiled the first systematic table of the elements in 1828 , arranged according to units of atomic weight one twelfth of the heft of the commonest isotope of carbon .
jö ; ns jakob berzelius , who [found out] selenium ( from greek selene , moon ) in 1818 and named silicon ( from latin silex , flint ) in 1824 , compiled the first systematic table of the elements in 1828 , arranged according to units of atomic weight one twelfth of the heft of the commonest isotope of carbon .

Other scientists with eponymous atoms include the discoverers of radium , Pierre and Marie Curie ( element 96 , Curium , symbol Cm , discovered in 1944 ) , Ernest O. Lawrence , founder of the Lawrence Berkeley and Lawrence Livermore laboratories ( element 103 , Lawrencium , symbol Lr , synthesized in 1961 ) , and , of course , Albert Einstein ( element 99 , Einsteinium , symbol Es , created in 1952 ) —the only instance of an atom named after someone still living at the time of its discovery .
other scientists with eponymous atoms include the discoverers of radium , pierre and marie curie ( element 96 , curium , symbol cm , [found out] in 1944 ) , ernest o. lawrence , founder of the lawrence berkeley and lawrence livermore laboratories ( element 103 , lawrencium , symbol lr , synthesized in 1961 ) , and , of course , albert einstein ( element 99 , einsteinium , symbol es , created in 1952 ) —the only instance of an atom named after someone still living at the time of its discovery .

Cerium is named for the asteroid Ceres , both having been discovered the same year ( 1801 ) .
cerium is named for the asteroid ceres , both having been [found out] the same year ( 1801 ) .

Complicating matters even more , in 1907 another chemist , George Urbain , discovered that the remaining element was actually two .
complicating matters even more , in 1907 another chemist , george urbain , [found out] that the remaining element was actually two .

Revelation is not seal 'd : New elements are being discovered to this day .
revelation is not seal 'd : new elements are being [found out] to this day .

He discovered a Minor descendant and found a trove of correspondence that makes the story much richer ( and more factual ) than what was otherwise known .
he [found out] a minor descendant and found a trove of correspondence that makes the story much richer ( and more factual ) than what was otherwise known .

A colleague subsequently discovered a 1976 example .
a colleague subsequently [found out] a 1976 example .

It may be argued that more diseases have been discovered than cures ( It could hardly be the other way around , could it ? )
it may be argued that more diseases have been [found out] than cures ( it could hardly be the other way around , could it ? )

Simes discovered this glossary in 1989 among the papers of the Australian novelist Kylie Tennant at the National Library of Australia .
simes [found out] this glossary in 1989 among the papers of the australian novelist kylie tennant at the national library of australia .

A local factory , I soon discovered , pipes the strains of “ Goin ' Home ” at noon and at quitting time .
a local factory , i soon [found out] , pipes the strains of “ goin ' home ” at noon and at quitting time .

When a sentence in a research report read “ the results of the experiment were nuclear , ” I stopped to reread it , and smiled when I quickly discovered that it should have read “ unclear. ” Similarly , “ density , ” in place of destiny , is initially confusing until one deciphers , from the context , the true intent of the sentence .
when a sentence in a research report read “ the results of the experiment were nuclear , ” i stopped to reread it , and smiled when i quickly [found out] that it should have read “ unclear. ” similarly , “ density , ” in place of destiny , is initially confusing until one deciphers , from the context , the true intent of the sentence .

I also discovered that Val Doonican is the name of a real person .
i also [found out] that val doonican is the name of a real person .

Having emigrated to the USA , he had discovered that the family monicker , however respectable in Appenzell , would never do in Pittsburgh .
having emigrated to the usa , he had [found out] that the family monicker , however respectable in appenzell , would never do in pittsburgh .

However , Gottlob 's figgin ' work showed that this argument was invalid , since Leibniz worked in the morning , Newton worked in the evening , and it was really Galileo that discovered the calculus while looking at Jupiter , not Venus , through his telescope .
however , gottlob 's figgin ' work showed that this argument was invalid , since leibniz worked in the morning , newton worked in the evening , and it was really galileo that [found out] the calculus while looking at jupiter , not venus , through his telescope .

To mark the centenary of this remarkable book and help revive interest in its author , I hereby undertake to hand over a prize of ¥100 to the first person who challenges me with the words : “ You are Michel Vercambre the eminent scholar who discovered the meaning of the word discubitory and I claim the prize of ¥100. ” The challenger must be carrying at the time a copy of Dr. Richards 's Welsh-English pocket dictionary .
to mark the centenary of this remarkable book and help revive interest in its author , i hereby undertake to hand over a prize of ¥100 to the first person who challenges me with the words : “ you are michel vercambre the eminent scholar who [found out] the meaning of the word discubitory and i claim the prize of ¥100. ” the challenger must be carrying at the time a copy of dr. richards 's welsh-english pocket dictionary .

Recently Americanizing a British text using the American spelling checker in my Framework III program , I discovered that the program is ignorant of American preferred spellings , like labeled vs labelled , traveler vs traveller , though it catches travelling .
recently americanizing a british text using the american spelling checker in my framework iii program , i [found out] that the program is ignorant of american preferred spellings , like labeled vs labelled , traveler vs traveller , though it catches travelling .

Has some historian recently discovered that the story is true , after all ?
has some historian recently [found out] that the story is true , after all ?

A similar circumstance accounts for the strange name of Via Santo Stefano del Cacco , which refers to a statue of an animal-headed Egyptian deity discovered in the remains of the nearby Temple of Isis .
a similar circumstance accounts for the strange name of via santo stefano del cacco , which refers to a statue of an animal-headed egyptian deity [found out] in the remains of the nearby temple of isis .

It was usually not , as one might have supposed , because a newly discovered combination of ingredients had resulted in some completely unique new flavor .
it was usually not , as one might have supposed , because a newly [found out] combination of ingredients had resulted in some completely unique new flavor .

