Only when the newest Mr. America or Mr. Universe discovers them and puts them into practice are we reacquainted with them and once again see how effective they really are .
only when the newest mr. america or mr. universe [finds out] them and puts them into practice are we reacquainted with them and once again see how effective they really are .

The country will not change until it re-examines itself and discovers what it really means by freedom .
the country will not change until it re-examines itself and [finds out] what it really means by freedom .

But as he discovers shortly , on returning among intellectuals obsessed by le culte du moi , his experience of action had also taught him a more positive lesson .
but as he [finds out] shortly , on returning among intellectuals obsessed by le culte du moi , his experience of action had also taught him a more positive lesson .

Children at North Hinksey Primary School have composed a modern day musical parable about a monkey who discovers bulldozers tearing into the forest near his home .
children at north hinksey primary school have composed a modern day musical parable about a monkey who [finds out] bulldozers tearing into the forest near his home .

Redford makes the most of his blue eyed integrity as a humane prison governor who reforms the place and discovers a nasty secret .
redford makes the most of his blue eyed integrity as a humane prison governor who reforms the place and [finds out] a nasty secret .

All kinds of people enjoy the cold comforts of ice-fishing , and some may even catch a salmon , James Meek discovers in Kiev
all kinds of people enjoy the cold comforts of ice-fishing , and some may even catch a salmon , james meek [finds out] in kiev

The daily flight in Georgia that saves room for the war dead and the dying The departure from front-line Sukhumi to the capital of Tbilisi is heavily patronised , but the passengers are rarely concerned about anything as mundane as corporate business , James Meek in Georgia discovers
the daily flight in georgia that saves room for the war dead and the dying the departure from front-line sukhumi to the capital of tbilisi is heavily patronised , but the passengers are rarely concerned about anything as mundane as corporate business , james meek in georgia [finds out]

Latest figures reveal England as very average Jeremy Allerton discovers that the Indian tour statistics and the Test ratings offer no hiding place to Keith Fletcher 's men
latest figures reveal england as very average jeremy allerton [finds out] that the indian tour statistics and the test ratings offer no hiding place to keith fletcher 's men

Music for the eyes Mere sketches can be monumental , Edward Gage discovers at a National Gallery show of Old Master drawings Drawings bring one intimately into the creative presence of a master
music for the eyes mere sketches can be monumental , edward gage [finds out] at a national gallery show of old master drawings drawings bring one intimately into the creative presence of a master

She discovers Mellors ' domain where initially , although attracted to each other , their meeting are uneasy affairs .
she [finds out] mellors ' domain where initially , although attracted to each other , their meeting are uneasy affairs .

Nasty man discovers he is impotent .
nasty man [finds out] he is impotent .

As Nick sets to work his wife Jate ( Niamh Cusack ) discovers that someone has committed a far more serious offence — but the witness wo n't talk .
as nick sets to work his wife jate ( niamh cusack ) [finds out] that someone has committed a far more serious offence — but the witness wo n't talk .

Sir Thomas fears that Fanny will marry one of her cousins but the reader soon discovers long before Edmund that Edmund and Fanny are ideal for one another .
sir thomas fears that fanny will marry one of her cousins but the reader soon [finds out] long before edmund that edmund and fanny are ideal for one another .

When she enters her bedroom , Perk discovers she does not have lovely dark curly hair , but is bald with a few grey wisps and because this woman is so vain and ca n't bear her god child seeing her without her wig , she ends up pushing her so hard that Perk falls , hits her head and dies .
when she enters her bedroom , perk [finds out] she does not have lovely dark curly hair , but is bald with a few grey wisps and because this woman is so vain and ca n't bear her god child seeing her without her wig , she ends up pushing her so hard that perk falls , hits her head and dies .

Albert then in turn discovers Celie 's true self and slowly they build up a trust and confide in each other .
albert then in turn [finds out] celie 's true self and slowly they build up a trust and confide in each other .

But in the first of a short series on the changes in Europe , Kim Barnes discovers European constituents everywhere are bewildered .
but in the first of a short series on the changes in europe , kim barnes [finds out] european constituents everywhere are bewildered .

Helen Carson discovers why the sisters are doin' it for themselves Women building on success
helen carson [finds out] why the sisters are doin' it for themselves women building on success

Helen Carson discovers how vulnerable will now be defended Law tightens around abusers
helen carson [finds out] how vulnerable will now be defended law tightens around abusers

Then he discovers the bar owner doubles up as the town sheriff and that gunman Lyle has just given him a lift .
then he [finds out] the bar owner doubles up as the town sheriff and that gunman lyle has just given him a lift .

As an example of what is meant by ‘ assignment ’ , we might say that a botanist who discovers an unusual plant will try to assign it to a known species ; if this is found impossible , it will be decided that a new species has been discovered , and that future examples of this plant will be assigned to this new species .
as an example of what is meant by ‘ assignment ’ , we might say that a botanist who [finds out] an unusual plant will try to assign it to a known species ; if this is found impossible , it will be decided that a new species has been discovered , and that future examples of this plant will be assigned to this new species .

6.15am : Fire service uses the Government 's Chemdata computer for information on Alloprene and discovers that possible toxic products from fire are hydrochloric acid , carbon tetrachloride and phosgene .
6.15am : fire service uses the government 's chemdata computer for information on alloprene and [finds out] that possible toxic products from fire are hydrochloric acid , carbon tetrachloride and phosgene .

Hot summer days take their toll on most gardens , but Noel Kingsbury discovers how Jenny and Michael Aldous have successfully created a garden of vibrant colour in the Cotswolds
hot summer days take their toll on most gardens , but noel kingsbury [finds out] how jenny and michael aldous have successfully created a garden of vibrant colour in the cotswolds

When he discovers that Mary helps people , collects for Biafra and has protested against the Vietnam War , he is not happy because she suddenly reminds him of his mother .
when he [finds out] that mary helps people , collects for biafra and has protested against the vietnam war , he is not happy because she suddenly reminds him of his mother .

However , he soon discovers that she has a voracious sexual appetite , which he finds almost impossible to satisfy .
however , he soon [finds out] that she has a voracious sexual appetite , which he finds almost impossible to satisfy .

And , no doubt , if ever John Hall discovers the identity of the anonymous benefactor who spilt the beans , he will want to shake him warmly by the hand and offer him thanks on behalf of his club and the good of all in English rugby .
and , no doubt , if ever john hall [finds out] the identity of the anonymous benefactor who spilt the beans , he will want to shake him warmly by the hand and offer him thanks on behalf of his club and the good of all in english rugby .

Shut up ! Where 's the sounds ? ( He discovers the Demis Roussos albums ) Fly ! Demis Roussos ! That bitch can pump my dice !
shut up ! where 's the sounds ? ( he [finds out] the demis roussos albums ) fly ! demis roussos ! that bitch can pump my dice !

It means Lamb 's worst fears will be confirmed as he discovers how his disclosure of the Pakistan ball tampering scandal has totally embarrassed cricket 's governing body , the Test and County Cricket Board .
it means lamb 's worst fears will be confirmed as he [finds out] how his disclosure of the pakistan ball tampering scandal has totally embarrassed cricket 's governing body , the test and county cricket board .

Dafoe plays small town redneck sheriff Ray Dolezal , who discovers a body in the desert , shot through the head , a .38 special in one hand and , just beyond his grasp , a briefcase stuffed with bank notes .
dafoe plays small town redneck sheriff ray dolezal , who [finds out] a body in the desert , shot through the head , a .38 special in one hand and , just beyond his grasp , a briefcase stuffed with bank notes .

Do n't let Michael Fish 's gloomy forecasts get you down . Catherine Moore discovers you can get a big kick from staying low when the weather clouds the tops
do n't let michael fish 's gloomy forecasts get you down . catherine moore [finds out] you can get a big kick from staying low when the weather clouds the tops

Beachcombing for wood she discovers paraffin way and ambergris .
beachcombing for wood she [finds out] paraffin way and ambergris .

Avoiding the big European states , and ignoring Cold War political boundaries , Germany 's leading poet discovers a continent of countries out of step with history and with each other .
avoiding the big european states , and ignoring cold war political boundaries , germany 's leading poet [finds out] a continent of countries out of step with history and with each other .

The depiction of battle has always been tempered by the social climate , as Ann Kodicek discovers in her study of war art past and present .
the depiction of battle has always been tempered by the social climate , as ann kodicek [finds out] in her study of war art past and present .

Beachcombing for wood she discovers paraffin way and ambergris .
beachcombing for wood she [finds out] paraffin way and ambergris .

The Prodigy , or Prodge as his mates call him , discovers reggae and the Arthur Brown 1968 novelty hit of the same title .
the prodigy , or prodge as his mates call him , [finds out] reggae and the arthur brown 1968 novelty hit of the same title .

Cast out by his flock , who fail to persuade him that life is merely a question of survival , Jonathan continues to pursue excellence in flight , and eventually discovers the unlimited potential of being .
cast out by his flock , who fail to persuade him that life is merely a question of survival , jonathan continues to pursue excellence in flight , and eventually [finds out] the unlimited potential of being .

Colin Ward discovers 100 people reducing their dependency on cash
colin ward [finds out] 100 people reducing their dependency on cash

Phillip Knightley uncovers the cover-up of My Lai ; Diarmaid McCulloch discovers a 17th-century loony left council
phillip knightley uncovers the cover-up of my lai ; diarmaid mcculloch [finds out] a 17th-century loony left council

But , as every kite flyer discovers early in the hobby , if you wind onto a static reel over its edge , or do a similar action by winding around a handle , then the line becomes ‘ lively ’ and wraps itself into snarls .
but , as every kite flyer [finds out] early in the hobby , if you wind onto a static reel over its edge , or do a similar action by winding around a handle , then the line becomes ‘ lively ’ and wraps itself into snarls .

Mysticism is a particularly interesting example of the attempt to interpret the faith in a new way and which discovers a new richness that was there in embryo waiting to be developed .
mysticism is a particularly interesting example of the attempt to interpret the faith in a new way and which [finds out] a new richness that was there in embryo waiting to be developed .

It is in these brasses that one discovers the three different ways of positioning the arms of a corpse .
it is in these brasses that one [finds out] the three different ways of positioning the arms of a corpse .

Kadrin Redmane the Dwarf Runesmith leads an expedition into the ruins of Karak Varn where he discovers a rich vein of Gromril .
kadrin redmane the dwarf runesmith leads an expedition into the ruins of karak varn where he [finds out] a rich vein of gromril .

Douglas suggests that the Women 's Liberation Movement might find similarities between the ‘ unconscious elements ’ she discovers in her research interviews , and consciousness-raising ( 1986 : 30 ) .
douglas suggests that the women 's liberation movement might find similarities between the ‘ unconscious elements ’ she [finds out] in her research interviews , and consciousness-raising ( 1986 : 30 ) .

it is correct for all times and all places , and is not going to be different according to who discovers it .
it is correct for all times and all places , and is not going to be different according to who [finds out] it .

Catherine Moore discovers the joys of plain sailing in part two of our great multi-activity series
catherine moore [finds out] the joys of plain sailing in part two of our great multi-activity series

Donald Brown discovers the many fascinations of Gozo on a walking holiday along cliff tops awash in history , legends and local charm
donald brown [finds out] the many fascinations of gozo on a walking holiday along cliff tops awash in history , legends and local charm

High peaks , stunning lakes and wild forests — New Zealand 's Nelson Lakes National Park has it all , as Judy Armstrong discovers
high peaks , stunning lakes and wild forests — new zealand 's nelson lakes national park has it all , as judy armstrong [finds out]

Catherine Moore heads down under and discovers a whole new world on a caving trip in South Wales
catherine moore heads down under and [finds out] a whole new world on a caving trip in south wales

Yet in casual conversation with the wife of a working colleague , Jean discovers that-Peter is just the same at the computer business where he now works as a systems manager .
yet in casual conversation with the wife of a working colleague , jean [finds out] that-peter is just the same at the computer business where he now works as a systems manager .

Luke plays Pike , a rebel school student who falls in love with Buffy , a cheerleader who discovers she has been chosen by fate to slay vampires .
luke plays pike , a rebel school student who falls in love with buffy , a cheerleader who [finds out] she has been chosen by fate to slay vampires .

On the way he discovers that Archelaus , Herod 's son , is now ruler of Judaea .
on the way he [finds out] that archelaus , herod 's son , is now ruler of judaea .

Set to be Delphine 's smartest Mega Drive offering yet , this features a scientist who discovers that aliens have landed but loses his memory — an ideal scenario for flashbacks .
set to be delphine 's smartest mega drive offering yet , this features a scientist who [finds out] that aliens have landed but loses his memory — an ideal scenario for flashbacks .

Submitting to ‘ Be aware ’ , he attends closely to his situation and to his own reactions , and instead of trying to infer from principles how he ought to respond , discovers how when most aware he does respond , and perhaps surprises himself by an impulse contrary to social convention or to his own self-image .
submitting to ‘ be aware ’ , he attends closely to his situation and to his own reactions , and instead of trying to infer from principles how he ought to respond , [finds out] how when most aware he does respond , and perhaps surprises himself by an impulse contrary to social convention or to his own self-image .

… but , meanwhile , Mother discovers that baby is missing .
… but , meanwhile , mother [finds out] that baby is missing .

According to Templeton 's Mark Mobius , his team will only put those shares on the buy lists which it judges to be bargains ; if it discovers no bargains in a particular country then no shares from that country will appear in the portfolio .
according to templeton 's mark mobius , his team will only put those shares on the buy lists which it judges to be bargains ; if it [finds out] no bargains in a particular country then no shares from that country will appear in the portfolio .

John Fairclough joins the Bahamas Support crew for the day … and discovers hard work
john fairclough joins the bahamas support crew for the day … and [finds out] hard work

Meanwhile Teresa finds herself learning the hard way how to survive in Africa and she discovers that its beauty is not without danger .
meanwhile teresa finds herself learning the hard way how to survive in africa and she [finds out] that its beauty is not without danger .

There the finite mind of man , which is but a fragment and form of the Infinite , discovers its true identity with the Absolute — and that is at the same time the return of the Absolute to itself , its own self-realisation .
there the finite mind of man , which is but a fragment and form of the infinite , [finds out] its true identity with the absolute — and that is at the same time the return of the absolute to itself , its own self-realisation .

Art materials expert Martin Child discovers which acrylic brushes you should be buying .
art materials expert martin child [finds out] which acrylic brushes you should be buying .

As he pores over all this raw data the field-worker discovers certain interesting patterns and principles in terms of which his information makes sense .
as he pores over all this raw data the field-worker [finds out] certain interesting patterns and principles in terms of which his information makes sense .

Bathsheba discovers the truth
bathsheba [finds out] the truth

Pip discovers the truth
pip [finds out] the truth

Thus the potential ‘ pollutions ’ which the officer himself discovers are more likely to be viewed as ‘ marginal ’ or ‘ non-polluting ’ cases where no action may be taken .
thus the potential ‘ pollutions ’ which the officer himself [finds out] are more likely to be viewed as ‘ marginal ’ or ‘ non-polluting ’ cases where no action may be taken .

It is Catherine Morland , not her creator , who is disappointed when she discovers that the great fireplace in the common sitting-room at Northanger Abbey has been ‘ contracted to a Rumford ’ , a more efficient way of producing heat that could be introduced into existing openings , invented by the American , Count Rumford , in 1796 .
it is catherine morland , not her creator , who is disappointed when she [finds out] that the great fireplace in the common sitting-room at northanger abbey has been ‘ contracted to a rumford ’ , a more efficient way of producing heat that could be introduced into existing openings , invented by the american , count rumford , in 1796 .

When Charles Kingsley discovers in chapter 6 of Alton Locke ( 1850 ) that he has not yet described the home , entered in chapter 2 , of his eccentric bookseller , Sandy Mackaye , he is quick to repair the omission which he regards as ‘ unpardonable , in these days of Dutch painting and Boz ’ .
when charles kingsley [finds out] in chapter 6 of alton locke ( 1850 ) that he has not yet described the home , entered in chapter 2 , of his eccentric bookseller , sandy mackaye , he is quick to repair the omission which he regards as ‘ unpardonable , in these days of dutch painting and boz ’ .

It is at Portsmouth , where Fanny constantly collides with the unsatisfactory Rebecca and Sally ( not least so , perhaps , in the fact that they have names , which Jane Austen 's servants normally do not , though Richardson 's do ) , that her heroine discovers the true virtues of Mansfield Park :
it is at portsmouth , where fanny constantly collides with the unsatisfactory rebecca and sally ( not least so , perhaps , in the fact that they have names , which jane austen 's servants normally do not , though richardson 's do ) , that her heroine [finds out] the true virtues of mansfield park :

When he discovers that Rhodes has shot Logan , his mentor and friend , in reprisal for using ‘ my men ’ as meat for Bub , he reverts to the killing mode , but does add a final salute to the captain .
when he [finds out] that rhodes has shot logan , his mentor and friend , in reprisal for using ‘ my men ’ as meat for bub , he reverts to the killing mode , but does add a final salute to the captain .

It is only at the foot of the aircraft steps , with the propellers starting to down out his protests , that Leonard discovers that Maria will not be coming with him to London .
it is only at the foot of the aircraft steps , with the propellers starting to down out his protests , that leonard [finds out] that maria will not be coming with him to london .

But amusingly , he soon discovers that Brenda is in fact frigid and that her accounts of London lovers are the fantasies of a compulsive liar .
but amusingly , he soon [finds out] that brenda is in fact frigid and that her accounts of london lovers are the fantasies of a compulsive liar .

The first speaker should not be the one who discovers whether the microphone is working at all .
the first speaker should not be the one who [finds out] whether the microphone is working at all .

Soon he discovers that of the seventeen people present , thirteen are students ( representing about a quarter of those enrolled on the scheme ) , two are support workers and two are full-time tutors .
soon he [finds out] that of the seventeen people present , thirteen are students ( representing about a quarter of those enrolled on the scheme ) , two are support workers and two are full-time tutors .

Interesting though it may be to learn that there is a narrative-discourse-paragraph-introductory-particle in Huichol or Shipibo , it becomes decidedly less interesting when one discovers that the identification of the significance of these particles depends on a prior identification of the paragraph as a unit in which ‘ the speaker continues talking about the same thing ’ ( Grimes , 1975 : 103 ) .
interesting though it may be to learn that there is a narrative-discourse-paragraph-introductory-particle in huichol or shipibo , it becomes decidedly less interesting when one [finds out] that the identification of the significance of these particles depends on a prior identification of the paragraph as a unit in which ‘ the speaker continues talking about the same thing ’ ( grimes , 1975 : 103 ) .

Too late Yartek discovers one key to be the fake one .
too late yartek [finds out] one key to be the fake one .

Cory discovers the enemy city , and learns that the Solar System is to be invaded and destroyed .
cory [finds out] the enemy city , and learns that the solar system is to be invaded and destroyed .

If ever the theorem prover discovers one of its goals , then back in the original task , you can run off this sequence of operations without any search at all .
if ever the theorem prover [finds out] one of its goals , then back in the original task , you can run off this sequence of operations without any search at all .

The learner discovers the clusters among examples by noticing nonrandom correlations among their features .
the learner [finds out] the clusters among examples by noticing nonrandom correlations among their features .

The first level , which discovers general trends in the forms of wings and beaks , is a case of statistical clustering .
the first level , which [finds out] general trends in the forms of wings and beaks , is a case of statistical clustering .

But the woman soon discovers that her husband is bored .
but the woman soon [finds out] that her husband is bored .

8.2 California ‘ Discovers ’ Air Pollution
8.2 california ‘ [finds out] ’ air pollution

For centuries civilised man thought poetry was the pinnacle he must reach for — ’ He caught himself suddenly and smiled for the first time Blanche had known him to , the embarrassed smile of a passionate devotee who suddenly discovers that everyone around him , whom he thought entranced by his obsession , was in fact sniggering behind his back .
for centuries civilised man thought poetry was the pinnacle he must reach for — ’ he caught himself suddenly and smiled for the first time blanche had known him to , the embarrassed smile of a passionate devotee who suddenly [finds out] that everyone around him , whom he thought entranced by his obsession , was in fact sniggering behind his back .

In a singing community of his peers he comes alive and discovers a sense of membership which is denied him elsewhere : all the more reason to embrace the slightly devilish and glamorous identity which is thrown at you by ‘ them ’ and sing along , ‘ We are the famous football hooligans ! ’ ( Pearson , 1979:215 )
in a singing community of his peers he comes alive and [finds out] a sense of membership which is denied him elsewhere : all the more reason to embrace the slightly devilish and glamorous identity which is thrown at you by ‘ them ’ and sing along , ‘ we are the famous football hooligans ! ’ ( pearson , 1979:215 )

Blufton gave a puzzled smile — the expression of a bachelor uncle who discovers an everyday object in his pocket that makes his nieces and nephews scream with laughter .
blufton gave a puzzled smile — the expression of a bachelor uncle who [finds out] an everyday object in his pocket that makes his nieces and nephews scream with laughter .

When someone discovers they 've been betrayed by their partner they get angry .
when someone [finds out] they 've been betrayed by their partner they get angry .

Ned Halley discovers improving standards in the high street and the best buys from cross-Channel forays . Plus the pick of the wines for April
ned halley [finds out] improving standards in the high street and the best buys from cross-channel forays . plus the pick of the wines for april

Sue Crewe discovers painted Easter eggs , lethal candlesticks and the world 's most expensive tea
sue crewe [finds out] painted easter eggs , lethal candlesticks and the world 's most expensive tea

Just the fact that this can be achieved at less than £10,000 for a complete system is rather likely to upset anyone who has invested hundreds of thousands in ‘ Third Wave ’ systems and discovers that , for a tenth the cost they could actually achieve rather more .
just the fact that this can be achieved at less than £10,000 for a complete system is rather likely to upset anyone who has invested hundreds of thousands in ‘ third wave ’ systems and [finds out] that , for a tenth the cost they could actually achieve rather more .

‘ Wo n't he kick up a fuss when he discovers they 've gone ? ’
‘ wo n't he kick up a fuss when he [finds out] they 've gone ? ’

While the Scene is darken 'd , a single Entry is danced ; Then a Symphony is play 'd ; after that the Scene is suddainly Illuminated , and discovers a transparent Prospect of a Chinese Garden , the Architecture , the Trees , the Plants , the Fruit , the Birds , the Beasts , quite different from what we have in this part of the World .
while the scene is darken 'd , a single entry is danced ; then a symphony is play 'd ; after that the scene is suddainly illuminated , and [finds out] a transparent prospect of a chinese garden , the architecture , the trees , the plants , the fruit , the birds , the beasts , quite different from what we have in this part of the world .

Scientist discovers 1960s ozone depletion
scientist [finds out] 1960s ozone depletion

He darted a brief glance towards Therese and saw she had a surprised little smile on her face , the smile of a professional who discovers she will be singing with a partner well above average .
he darted a brief glance towards therese and saw she had a surprised little smile on her face , the smile of a professional who [finds out] she will be singing with a partner well above average .

On the other hand , the person who discovers a lump under their skin but is too frightened to go to the doctor lest he diagnose cancer will be perpetuating the threatening situation — and this would hold even if the lump was in fact benign .
on the other hand , the person who [finds out] a lump under their skin but is too frightened to go to the doctor lest he diagnose cancer will be perpetuating the threatening situation — and this would hold even if the lump was in fact benign .

The Profitboss discovers the exceptions .
the profitboss [finds out] the exceptions .

This is likely to be interpreted as the date when the original owner discovers whereabouts of stolen painting and legal action becomes possible .
this is likely to be interpreted as the date when the original owner [finds out] whereabouts of stolen painting and legal action becomes possible .

Limitation period of between three and fifteen years ( depending on State ) from date that original owner discovers details of the adverse claim on the work of art .
limitation period of between three and fifteen years ( depending on state ) from date that original owner [finds out] details of the adverse claim on the work of art .

The journalist spends time on the story and then discovers that the subject has been around for years .
the journalist spends time on the story and then [finds out] that the subject has been around for years .

If an inspector discovers a contravention of one of the provisions of the existing legislation or a contravention of a provision of the Order he can :
if an inspector [finds out] a contravention of one of the provisions of the existing legislation or a contravention of a provision of the order he can :

He discovers very quickly that there are no short cuts .
he [finds out] very quickly that there are no short cuts .

When , however , we examine her definitions and her evidence we find that the differences she discovers in performance skills are no more than differences in explicitness , of the kind noted by Labov .
when , however , we examine her definitions and her evidence we find that the differences she [finds out] in performance skills are no more than differences in explicitness , of the kind noted by labov .

Their effectiveness as a resource depends on the range of purposes to which the learner discovers they may be put from his or her experience of interaction with other speakers .
their effectiveness as a resource depends on the range of purposes to which the learner [finds out] they may be put from his or her experience of interaction with other speakers .

Do n't miss Fay Weldon 's complex , clever story The Cloning Of Joanna May , which centres on a woman who discovers she has unwittingly participated in a genetic experiment .
do n't miss fay weldon 's complex , clever story the cloning of joanna may , which centres on a woman who [finds out] she has unwittingly participated in a genetic experiment .

Beatrix Campbell discovers how independent tv has grown up
beatrix campbell [finds out] how independent tv has grown up

There was a yet greater strain upon the marriage , as there must be when one of the couple discovers and surrenders to the appeal of an all-prevailing fanaticism .
there was a yet greater strain upon the marriage , as there must be when one of the couple [finds out] and surrenders to the appeal of an all-prevailing fanaticism .

With its whitewashed walls and dark wood beams , this pretty home has all the charm of a country cottage . But , as Jill Abraham discovers , it is a house with a working history
with its whitewashed walls and dark wood beams , this pretty home has all the charm of a country cottage . but , as jill abraham [finds out] , it is a house with a working history

Harry Eyres discovers that the Grands Crus of Alsace are more than just reliable wine bar whites
harry eyres [finds out] that the grands crus of alsace are more than just reliable wine bar whites

Yet we must hold on to the basic idea that science discovers the truth of how the world works .
yet we must hold on to the basic idea that science [finds out] the truth of how the world works .

In many more cases , once a plaintiff discovers that there are assets in a State he will wish ( and sometimes be enabled by the very presence of the assets ) to commence proceedings in the courts of that State ; there is what might be described as a ‘ jurisdiction-fishing expedition ’ .
in many more cases , once a plaintiff [finds out] that there are assets in a state he will wish ( and sometimes be enabled by the very presence of the assets ) to commence proceedings in the courts of that state ; there is what might be described as a ‘ jurisdiction-fishing expedition ’ .

Character is calculated exactly to support the theme of hierarchy on shipboard in Trial Trip , where a galley boy discovers that he is not entirely free to resume a schoolboy friendship with Tich , now in the second year of his apprenticeship , and in Out of the Shallows , where a sixteen-year-old apprentice with a decided chip on his shoulder suffers from the complications which friendship with a steward brings , particularly as the steward , a thoroughly shifty individual , is merely using him as a way of furthering his own ends .
character is calculated exactly to support the theme of hierarchy on shipboard in trial trip , where a galley boy [finds out] that he is not entirely free to resume a schoolboy friendship with tich , now in the second year of his apprenticeship , and in out of the shallows , where a sixteen-year-old apprentice with a decided chip on his shoulder suffers from the complications which friendship with a steward brings , particularly as the steward , a thoroughly shifty individual , is merely using him as a way of furthering his own ends .

Before he discovers that this is a lie put out by her enemy , he has various practical duties to perform in connection with the wreck of the ship he should have joined .
before he [finds out] that this is a lie put out by her enemy , he has various practical duties to perform in connection with the wreck of the ship he should have joined .

As soon as government discovers an alternative way of maintaining an incentive to work , such as reducing unemployment and supplementary benefits to below subsistence level , then child benefit will once more be at risk .
as soon as government [finds out] an alternative way of maintaining an incentive to work , such as reducing unemployment and supplementary benefits to below subsistence level , then child benefit will once more be at risk .

You have to be keen to climb in the rain , but Andy Fanshawe 's just that , as Ed Douglas discovers
you have to be keen to climb in the rain , but andy fanshawe 's just that , as ed douglas [finds out]

where Rose discovers the truth is sensitively handled .
where rose [finds out] the truth is sensitively handled .

But then , like the lama , he discovers his disabilities and the constraints of life to be the very conditions for experiencing the validity of transfiguration — the two are concomitant .
but then , like the lama , he [finds out] his disabilities and the constraints of life to be the very conditions for experiencing the validity of transfiguration — the two are concomitant .

Let it touch the radiator — it wo n't leave its hand there when it discovers it is hot .
let it touch the radiator — it wo n't leave its hand there when it [finds out] it is hot .

The first part of the project discovers which organisations — including firms , government departments , trade unions and employers ' associations — play a part in discussion about industrial policy .
the first part of the project [finds out] which organisations — including firms , government departments , trade unions and employers ' associations — play a part in discussion about industrial policy .

That figure may slightly nonplus a reader nurtured in these Caledonian climes ; and his bewilderment will not be lessened when he discovers that £600 was the annual rent charged for the same accommodation in 1912 .
that figure may slightly nonplus a reader nurtured in these caledonian climes ; and his bewilderment will not be lessened when he [finds out] that £600 was the annual rent charged for the same accommodation in 1912 .

Anyway , Gloppo discovers the car-wash has been unfaithful in his absence with a metallic-blue Trans Am — ``
anyway , gloppo [finds out] the car-wash has been unfaithful in his absence with a metallic-blue trans am — ``

Any computer user soon discovers that sometimes hardware , and more often software , is extremely fallible .
any computer user soon [finds out] that sometimes hardware , and more often software , is extremely fallible .

What do Buddhism , ducks and human excreta have in common ? Sue Robson discovers why China is the greenest country of them all .
what do buddhism , ducks and human excreta have in common ? sue robson [finds out] why china is the greenest country of them all .

Judy Gahagan delves underground — and discovers the secret of the Italian ‘ economic miracle ’ .
judy gahagan delves underground — and [finds out] the secret of the italian ‘ economic miracle ’ .

Stanley works in the factory canteen but then loses his job when his boss discovers he ca n't read — a revelation for which Iris is accidentally responsible .
stanley works in the factory canteen but then loses his job when his boss [finds out] he ca n't read — a revelation for which iris is accidentally responsible .

When one reads and analyses the admirable report , one discovers a number of threats — the importation of foreign coal , the question of how the board will react to privatisation and the Government 's Rothschild report which is not , in fact , a report but a slaughter of the coal industry .
when one reads and analyses the admirable report , one [finds out] a number of threats — the importation of foreign coal , the question of how the board will react to privatisation and the government 's rothschild report which is not , in fact , a report but a slaughter of the coal industry .

So , if the letter is lost in the post , property does not pass until the buyer actually discovers that the goods are in a deliverable state .
so , if the letter is lost in the post , property does not pass until the buyer actually [finds out] that the goods are in a deliverable state .

( In the case of a fraudulent misrepresentation , the purchaser is allowed a reasonable length of time from when he discovers it to be untrue . )
( in the case of a fraudulent misrepresentation , the purchaser is allowed a reasonable length of time from when he [finds out] it to be untrue . )

Suppose the buyer examines the goods , discovers a defect but decides nevertheless to buy , taking the view that the defect is one that can be easily remedied .
suppose the buyer examines the goods , [finds out] a defect but decides nevertheless to buy , taking the view that the defect is one that can be easily remedied .

Marx 's theory of the major historical transitions from one type of society to another discovers their prime cause in changes in the ‘ mode of production of material life ’ , which result from the development of the forces of production and bring about a more or less rapid transformation of the ‘ entire immense superstructure ’ in a period of social revolution .
marx 's theory of the major historical transitions from one type of society to another [finds out] their prime cause in changes in the ‘ mode of production of material life ’ , which result from the development of the forces of production and bring about a more or less rapid transformation of the ‘ entire immense superstructure ’ in a period of social revolution .

The incumbent 's output starts at a high level and gradually declines , whilst the entrants ' output starts low and gradually increases the more it discovers about the market .
the incumbent 's output starts at a high level and gradually declines , whilst the entrants ' output starts low and gradually increases the more it [finds out] about the market .

If the accused later discovers the defect in title and sells the item without disclosing the defect , he will have obtained the sale price by deception , the deception being that he has a good title .
if the accused later [finds out] the defect in title and sells the item without disclosing the defect , he will have obtained the sale price by deception , the deception being that he has a good title .

If the accused leaves without paying because he is absent-minded , he is not liable , and remains not guilty even though he discovers his mistake afterwards .
if the accused leaves without paying because he is absent-minded , he is not liable , and remains not guilty even though he [finds out] his mistake afterwards .

One difference between theft and handling is that the bona fide purchaser of goods is not guilty of theft when he later discovers that they were stolen ( s.3 ( 2 ) ) .
one difference between theft and handling is that the bona fide purchaser of goods is not guilty of theft when he later [finds out] that they were stolen ( s.3 ( 2 ) ) .

Barat discovers the trick played upon him when he finds the real Haimet without the meat .
barat [finds out] the trick played upon him when he finds the real haimet without the meat .

Travers soon discovers that he has been deceived again , and sets off once more to retrieve his property .
travers soon [finds out] that he has been deceived again , and sets off once more to retrieve his property .

In the morning , Mahaut wakes Jouglet for some music ; he discovers , Midas-like , the shit everywhere he turns and in or on everything he touches : he leaves in a rage of humiliation .
in the morning , mahaut wakes jouglet for some music ; he [finds out] , midas-like , the shit everywhere he turns and in or on everything he touches : he leaves in a rage of humiliation .

Her murder-solving cook Darina Lisle discovers more intrigue when she takes a job at a dying country house hotel that turns out to be a hotbed of sex and mystery .
her murder-solving cook darina lisle [finds out] more intrigue when she takes a job at a dying country house hotel that turns out to be a hotbed of sex and mystery .

Janette Marshall discovers that you can forget the meat — but not the two veg
janette marshall [finds out] that you can forget the meat — but not the two veg

Karpov discovers fear is the key to winning ways
karpov [finds out] fear is the key to winning ways

When he gets to the event and discovers that the people there are friendly , interesting and pleasant company — and most belong to the same political party — he will begin to think .
when he gets to the event and [finds out] that the people there are friendly , interesting and pleasant company — and most belong to the same political party — he will begin to think .

Sometimes a girl is in conflict with her culture or religion in how she wants to dress and express herself , as Sneha ( Chapter 7 ) describes ; sometimes a young woman enjoys dressing a certain way but discovers that there are prejudices and stereotypes about the way she wants to look ; conflicts that might come from within , or from her family , her job , or the outside world .
sometimes a girl is in conflict with her culture or religion in how she wants to dress and express herself , as sneha ( chapter 7 ) describes ; sometimes a young woman enjoys dressing a certain way but [finds out] that there are prejudices and stereotypes about the way she wants to look ; conflicts that might come from within , or from her family , her job , or the outside world .

Paul Ryan discovers that there 's more to the photographs of Robert Doisneau than mere fascination with kissing and nostalgia
paul ryan [finds out] that there 's more to the photographs of robert doisneau than mere fascination with kissing and nostalgia

Andrew Roberts discovers some remarkable similarities between today 's man at Number 10 and a predecessor from the Napoleonic wars
andrew roberts [finds out] some remarkable similarities between today 's man at number 10 and a predecessor from the napoleonic wars

There is an alternative to the workplace nursery , as Kevin Maguire discovers
there is an alternative to the workplace nursery , as kevin maguire [finds out]

Upon a sale of land the purchaser is normally entitled to have produced to him and to investigate the deeds recording previous transactions in the land going back for fifteen years ( Law of Property Act 1969 : formerly the period was thirty years ) ; and though this period is sometimes reduced by agreement , the shortening of the period throws a risk on the purchaser , who is not only bound by all legal interests in the land which actually exist whether he discovers them or not , but also by all equitable interests which he would have discovered if he had insisted on an investigation for the longer period .
upon a sale of land the purchaser is normally entitled to have produced to him and to investigate the deeds recording previous transactions in the land going back for fifteen years ( law of property act 1969 : formerly the period was thirty years ) ; and though this period is sometimes reduced by agreement , the shortening of the period throws a risk on the purchaser , who is not only bound by all legal interests in the land which actually exist whether he [finds out] them or not , but also by all equitable interests which he would have discovered if he had insisted on an investigation for the longer period .

As tragedy brings them closer together , the daughter discovers that her mother 's tight-lipped manner is only a faade and that , as a young woman , she too was guilty of a crime passionnel .
as tragedy brings them closer together , the daughter [finds out] that her mother 's tight-lipped manner is only a faade and that , as a young woman , she too was guilty of a crime passionnel .

From a hot-head who has done time for killing a man , he develops into a union organiser who discovers the eloquence his new role demands .
from a hot-head who has done time for killing a man , he develops into a union organiser who [finds out] the eloquence his new role demands .

International : Democracy gives Islam a louder voice in Jordan Anton La Guardia in Amman discovers one neat solution to the fundamentalist threat
international : democracy gives islam a louder voice in jordan anton la guardia in amman [finds out] one neat solution to the fundamentalist threat

Throughout the whole of life , Man is happy or unhappy in so far as he discovers the right admixture for his life of these quite distinct manners of using energy .
throughout the whole of life , man is happy or unhappy in so far as he [finds out] the right admixture for his life of these quite distinct manners of using energy .

Gillis accepts , against the advice of his chair-bound agent ( Miranda Richardson ) , but soon discovers that there 's more than a movie at stake .
gillis accepts , against the advice of his chair-bound agent ( miranda richardson ) , but soon [finds out] that there 's more than a movie at stake .

Desperate to contact Molly , who is unable to see or hear him , Sam discovers that he is only able to communicate with a psychic named Oda Mae Brown ( Whoopee Goldberg ) , a charlatan astonished to discover her powers are authentic .
desperate to contact molly , who is unable to see or hear him , sam [finds out] that he is only able to communicate with a psychic named oda mae brown ( whoopee goldberg ) , a charlatan astonished to discover her powers are authentic .

Damaris discovers that she has been guilty of intellectual sin in failing to believe , to realize imaginatively , the nature of the material she is studying .
damaris [finds out] that she has been guilty of intellectual sin in failing to believe , to realize imaginatively , the nature of the material she is studying .

Everything pours inwards as Gillian Brown 's dead-eyed Martha discovers obsessive control can lead to personal dissolution .
everything pours inwards as gillian brown 's dead-eyed martha [finds out] obsessive control can lead to personal dissolution .

Philip the Bastard , half brother to Robert Faulconbridge , and son of King Richard the First , discovers himself in a position of authority when King John knights him and dubs him Sir Richard Plantagenet .
philip the bastard , half brother to robert faulconbridge , and son of king richard the first , [finds out] himself in a position of authority when king john knights him and dubs him sir richard plantagenet .

Nolte is a declining star in a world he increasingly discovers is more about money and power than sport .
nolte is a declining star in a world he increasingly [finds out] is more about money and power than sport .

Despite the ultimate in Michelin -starred success , Bernard Loiseau is not a chef who takes himself too seriously , discovers Roy Hayter
despite the ultimate in michelin -starred success , bernard loiseau is not a chef who takes himself too seriously , [finds out] roy hayter

When addresses are required , these are needed only in case the clinic discovers an important infection a day or so after the patient has left and needs to get in touch in a hurry .
when addresses are required , these are needed only in case the clinic [finds out] an important infection a day or so after the patient has left and needs to get in touch in a hurry .

Then Harry discovers that happiness does not consist ‘ in getting what one wanted , or in getting rid of what ca n't be got rid of , but in a different vision .
then harry [finds out] that happiness does not consist ‘ in getting what one wanted , or in getting rid of what ca n't be got rid of , but in a different vision .

She has launched a number of Third World projects , which she often discovers during her two months abroad each year .
she has launched a number of third world projects , which she often [finds out] during her two months abroad each year .

On arrival at Smolensk , our peasant soldier discovers that all the equipment of his unit has been embezzled or stolen from the luggage-van .
on arrival at smolensk , our peasant soldier [finds out] that all the equipment of his unit has been embezzled or stolen from the luggage-van .

Heather Barrett discovers stunning walks and great cycle routes in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park
heather barrett [finds out] stunning walks and great cycle routes in the pembrokeshire coast national park

So Doris and Dusty in the flat read their cards and discover boredom in monotonously cyclical jazz rhythms and rhymes , while on the supposed ‘ cannibal isle ’ Doris discovers a similar tedium .
so doris and dusty in the flat read their cards and discover boredom in monotonously cyclical jazz rhythms and rhymes , while on the supposed ‘ cannibal isle ’ doris [finds out] a similar tedium .

This ‘ return to the sources ’ discovers either that such primitive celebrations are entirely divorced from modern sexuality , or that they always concealed a deathly horror .
this ‘ return to the sources ’ [finds out] either that such primitive celebrations are entirely divorced from modern sexuality , or that they always concealed a deathly horror .

Burrows says : ‘ You can have a one-year-old on your lap who discovers it is possible to stick a pencil up your nose .
burrows says : ‘ you can have a one-year-old on your lap who [finds out] it is possible to stick a pencil up your nose .

Transitory moments are offset by big set-piece scenes with many characters : a difficult birth , and a fair where Candy discovers she can upstage the leading lady by a lewd trick with a cigar between her legs .
transitory moments are offset by big set-piece scenes with many characters : a difficult birth , and a fair where candy [finds out] she can upstage the leading lady by a lewd trick with a cigar between her legs .

It is the dreadful Lillibet who discovers Harry 's secret when she finds him raiding the fridge one night wearing his wife 's underwear .
it is the dreadful lillibet who [finds out] harry 's secret when she finds him raiding the fridge one night wearing his wife 's underwear .

Similarly , when the government discovers that a large part of the loans raised from abroad has been used to make dinar loans to Yugoslav enterprises , and that the dinar service payments on the latter loans increasingly fall short of the amounts required to meet the interest and principal on these foreign debts , it instructs the National Bank to cover the difference by issuing new money .
similarly , when the government [finds out] that a large part of the loans raised from abroad has been used to make dinar loans to yugoslav enterprises , and that the dinar service payments on the latter loans increasingly fall short of the amounts required to meet the interest and principal on these foreign debts , it instructs the national bank to cover the difference by issuing new money .

‘ They will write slurry into the nitrogen bill only when someone discovers a really practical way of showing what 's in it .
‘ they will write slurry into the nitrogen bill only when someone [finds out] a really practical way of showing what 's in it .

At Home : Predators on the doorstep Mark Edmonds discovers how certain dealers obtain valuable antiques at knock-down prices
at home : predators on the doorstep mark edmonds [finds out] how certain dealers obtain valuable antiques at knock-down prices

He will need it when the returns are counted and he discovers if he has retained the 4,959 Tory votes of 1987 .
he will need it when the returns are counted and he [finds out] if he has retained the 4,959 tory votes of 1987 .

Kenya 's Other Mountains — There 's much more than just Mount Kenya , as David Else discovers
kenya 's other mountains — there 's much more than just mount kenya , as david else [finds out]

But the group is convinced that it is only a matter of time before someone discovers superconducting semiconductors that will work at the economically viable temperatures of liquid nitrogen .
but the group is convinced that it is only a matter of time before someone [finds out] superconducting semiconductors that will work at the economically viable temperatures of liquid nitrogen .

In the spectrum of contemporary theory , Marxist symptomatic reading has something in common with the deconstructive reading which discovers in the end , not harmony and organic unity , but contradiction and aporia .
in the spectrum of contemporary theory , marxist symptomatic reading has something in common with the deconstructive reading which [finds out] in the end , not harmony and organic unity , but contradiction and aporia .

Edward Said discovers a kind of negative theology in Derrida 's writing , and Nicolas Tredell says something similar , ‘ one might draw some interesting comparisons between , for instance , deconstruction and Nagarjunan Buddhism , which dissolves a metaphysics of presence into a metaphysics of absence , the Void .
edward said [finds out] a kind of negative theology in derrida 's writing , and nicolas tredell says something similar , ‘ one might draw some interesting comparisons between , for instance , deconstruction and nagarjunan buddhism , which dissolves a metaphysics of presence into a metaphysics of absence , the void .

Giselle discovers Albrecht 's deceit when Bathilde confronts her with the fact that the Count Albrecht is her fiancé .
giselle [finds out] albrecht 's deceit when bathilde confronts her with the fact that the count albrecht is her fiancé .

Joanna Coles samples peak-hour service and discovers what all the fuss is about ..
joanna coles samples peak-hour service and [finds out] what all the fuss is about ..

people with education wo n't misuse what Dr. Briant discovers .
people with education wo n't misuse what dr. briant [finds out] .

Jonathan Swift often presents a decidedly unpleasant view of women 's sexuality , yet his poetry provided a model for women poets of the time who wished to expose the deceptions of romantic love , and the concealed dangers of marriage . For Swift , of course , the disillusionment will come when the man discovers that the woman he worshipped as a goddess is only too physical , as in ‘ The Lady 's Dressing Room ’ :
jonathan swift often presents a decidedly unpleasant view of women 's sexuality , yet his poetry provided a model for women poets of the time who wished to expose the deceptions of romantic love , and the concealed dangers of marriage . for swift , of course , the disillusionment will come when the man [finds out] that the woman he worshipped as a goddess is only too physical , as in ‘ the lady 's dressing room ’ :

If he undertakes such tests and discovers the truth , should he then be able to jettison his partner , otherwise presumably to his liking ?
if he undertakes such tests and [finds out] the truth , should he then be able to jettison his partner , otherwise presumably to his liking ?

The child who has been moving boats and other objects that float on the surface of the water , suddenly discovers that he can make them sink by holding them down or pouring water on top of them .
the child who has been moving boats and other objects that float on the surface of the water , suddenly [finds out] that he can make them sink by holding them down or pouring water on top of them .

Intimacy is risky because as the other person discovers our weaknesses they could exploit them .
intimacy is risky because as the other person [finds out] our weaknesses they could exploit them .

It is Pancks who discovers and makes known Mr Dorrit 's right to his inheritance .
it is pancks who [finds out] and makes known mr dorrit 's right to his inheritance .

With Sissy she eventually discovers him lying in a disused mine shaft , and is with him when he dies .
with sissy she eventually [finds out] him lying in a disused mine shaft , and is with him when he dies .

Riderhood becomes a lock-keeper at Plashwater Weir and discovers Headstone 's attempt to murder Wrayburn .
riderhood becomes a lock-keeper at plashwater weir and [finds out] headstone 's attempt to murder wrayburn .

Similarly , the motorist who discovers that he should pull out the choke button a particular amount so as to get the car to start on a cold morning is also an empiricist .
similarly , the motorist who [finds out] that he should pull out the choke button a particular amount so as to get the car to start on a cold morning is also an empiricist .

Jill , a two year old infant , discovers the joy of swinging on a rope
jill , a two year old infant , [finds out] the joy of swinging on a rope

It therefore cuts some corners and , in so doing , discovers that it can cope .
it therefore cuts some corners and , in so doing , [finds out] that it can cope .

People who were just names on laws ( Max Planck , Louis de Broglie , Werner Heisenberg , Paul Dirac … ) come alive in these pages as the reader discovers how each learned his trade and how the different characters interacted with one another .
people who were just names on laws ( max planck , louis de broglie , werner heisenberg , paul dirac … ) come alive in these pages as the reader [finds out] how each learned his trade and how the different characters interacted with one another .

Jack Harris discovers some particle tracks during a museum visit
jack harris [finds out] some particle tracks during a museum visit

One can learn a considerable amount of science from this tremendous novel — about bacteriophage , for example , the virus that attacks bacteria , which Arrowsmith discovers independently of Felix-Hubert d'Herelle in 1917 .
one can learn a considerable amount of science from this tremendous novel — about bacteriophage , for example , the virus that attacks bacteria , which arrowsmith [finds out] independently of felix-hubert d'herelle in 1917 .

If this is true then there may be a loophole for the theory ; a case where an individual , for some reason or another , such as being abandoned at birth , never discovers how he was born , nor has opportunity to absorb such information unconsciously while a young child .
if this is true then there may be a loophole for the theory ; a case where an individual , for some reason or another , such as being abandoned at birth , never [finds out] how he was born , nor has opportunity to absorb such information unconsciously while a young child .

When a honey bee discovers a flower , for example , she sets in motion a learning sequence which seems utterly mechanical in nature .
when a honey bee [finds out] a flower , for example , she sets in motion a learning sequence which seems utterly mechanical in nature .

It discovers its mistake a fraction of a second later , for these strange organs contain poison glands and sometimes also additional stinging-cells acquired from the anemones on which the sea slugs themselves feed .
it [finds out] its mistake a fraction of a second later , for these strange organs contain poison glands and sometimes also additional stinging-cells acquired from the anemones on which the sea slugs themselves feed .

eight-year-old Max discovers the wooden toy-soldiers that had belonged to the Brontë children .
eight-year-old max [finds out] the wooden toy-soldiers that had belonged to the brontë children .

They stand out in a city that seems , until one discovers its finer corners , architecturally roughhewn .
they stand out in a city that seems , until one [finds out] its finer corners , architecturally roughhewn .

The misunderstanding causes disaster when the mounted tom-cat discovers that the kitten is too small for mating .
the misunderstanding causes disaster when the mounted tom-cat [finds out] that the kitten is too small for mating .

three ? Time the whole world discovers
three ? time the whole world [finds out]

The Coolin Mountains have a mighty power in drawing forth emotions of admiration and awe , and the appreciation of John MacWhirter 's pictures of ‘ Coiruisk ’ in all its stern sublimity , by all classes of people , discovers a much more general appreciation of the grander aspects of nature than we would credit the ordinary picture-loving public to possess .
the coolin mountains have a mighty power in drawing forth emotions of admiration and awe , and the appreciation of john macwhirter 's pictures of ‘ coiruisk ’ in all its stern sublimity , by all classes of people , [finds out] a much more general appreciation of the grander aspects of nature than we would credit the ordinary picture-loving public to possess .

She plays the eponymous heroine who leaves Liverpool and her chips and egg hubby ( Bernard Hill ) and heads for Greece , where she discovers sun , fun and Tom Conti .
she plays the eponymous heroine who leaves liverpool and her chips and egg hubby ( bernard hill ) and heads for greece , where she [finds out] sun , fun and tom conti .

The NSA discovers that a suspected terrorist is traveling to Bangkok and Kuala Lumpur .
the nsa [finds out] that a suspected terrorist is traveling to bangkok and kuala lumpur .

Pace ( 2001 ) has argued that alien biochemistry will turn out to be the same as biochemistry on Earth , because there is one best way to do things and that natural selection will ensure that life everywhere discovers that way .
pace ( 2001 ) has argued that alien biochemistry will turn out to be the same as biochemistry on earth , because there is one best way to do things and that natural selection will ensure that life everywhere [finds out] that way .

Will deep-core driller Bruce Willis murder smarmy sidekick Ben Affleck when he discovers the lout in bed with his dishy daughter ( Liv Tyler ) ?
will deep-core driller bruce willis murder smarmy sidekick ben affleck when he [finds out] the lout in bed with his dishy daughter ( liv tyler ) ?

They occur at random , whenever one character discovers that another character has feelings .
they occur at random , whenever one character [finds out] that another character has feelings .

Once he gets away from Howard and Judy and their over-serious , isolated friends , he discovers a kind of peace .
once he gets away from howard and judy and their over-serious , isolated friends , he [finds out] a kind of peace .

Y ou 've Got Mail gets better as it gets more relaxed , and the famous cafe scene -- in which the man discovers in horror who his correspondent really is -- remains sure-fire .
y ou 've got mail gets better as it gets more relaxed , and the famous cafe scene -- in which the man [finds out] in horror who his correspondent really is -- remains sure-fire .

Entertainment Weekly 's Lisa Schwarzbaum discovers latent homosexuality in the `` intense boy-boy communion '' within Travolta 's gang .
entertainment weekly 's lisa schwarzbaum [finds out] latent homosexuality in the `` intense boy-boy communion '' within travolta 's gang .

When ER discovers love letters from Lucy Mercer while unpacking his trunk , she offers him his `` freedom . ''
when er [finds out] love letters from lucy mercer while unpacking his trunk , she offers him his `` freedom . ''

The Great Dominatrix -- The Tramp ( Charlie Chaplin ) sneaks into the house of a wealthy young widow ( Joan Crawford ) for shelter , plays whimsically with her silver serving set , and is beaten nearly to death with a fireplace poker when she discovers him .
the great dominatrix -- the tramp ( charlie chaplin ) sneaks into the house of a wealthy young widow ( joan crawford ) for shelter , plays whimsically with her silver serving set , and is beaten nearly to death with a fireplace poker when she [finds out] him .

He visits a costume shop in which the voluble proprietor ( Rade Servedzija ) discovers his pubescent daughter ( Leelee Sobieski ) in flagrante with a pair of customers .
he visits a costume shop in which the voluble proprietor ( rade servedzija ) [finds out] his pubescent daughter ( leelee sobieski ) in flagrante with a pair of customers .

He plays Michael Felgate , an English executive for a Sotheby's-like New York auction house , who proposes to his girlfriend , a teacher named Gina Vitale ( Jeanne Tripplehorn ) , and then discovers she 's the daughter and niece of powerful crime bosses .
he plays michael felgate , an english executive for a sotheby's-like new york auction house , who proposes to his girlfriend , a teacher named gina vitale ( jeanne tripplehorn ) , and then [finds out] she 's the daughter and niece of powerful crime bosses .

Many a company about to launch its Web site discovers to its dismay that its name is already taken , part of the speculative frenzy in domain names .
many a company about to launch its web site [finds out] to its dismay that its name is already taken , part of the speculative frenzy in domain names .

The second scene occurs during Kristallnacht , the night of broken glass when the Nazis destroyed most of the synagogues and many of the Jewish-owned stores in Germany : Oskar discovers that the Jew who sells him his tin drums has committed suicide in his store , while storm troopers rampage around his corpse , poking it with puppets and dropping their pants to shit on the floor .
the second scene occurs during kristallnacht , the night of broken glass when the nazis destroyed most of the synagogues and many of the jewish-owned stores in germany : oskar [finds out] that the jew who sells him his tin drums has committed suicide in his store , while storm troopers rampage around his corpse , poking it with puppets and dropping their pants to shit on the floor .

Consider the case where a judge discovers that he is presiding over a case involving a close relative .
consider the case where a judge [finds out] that he is presiding over a case involving a close relative .

A teen-ager ( Brad Renfro ) discovers an old Nazi war criminal ( Ian McKellen ) living under a false name in his town and blackmails him into giving detailed accounts of Nazi atrocities .
a teen-ager ( brad renfro ) [finds out] an old nazi war criminal ( ian mckellen ) living under a false name in his town and blackmails him into giving detailed accounts of nazi atrocities .

An extremely buff Kurt Russell plays the title soldier of the future who , when decommissioned , is relegated to the horrors of the slag heap planet , where he discovers human emotion and rises to the defense of his fellow outcasts .
an extremely buff kurt russell plays the title soldier of the future who , when decommissioned , is relegated to the horrors of the slag heap planet , where he [finds out] human emotion and rises to the defense of his fellow outcasts .

Newsweek discovers the latest trend among Silicon Valley millionerds : etiquette training .
newsweek [finds out] the latest trend among silicon valley millionerds : etiquette training .

This is not to say that Johnson dislikes what he discovers about the American people .
this is not to say that johnson dislikes what he [finds out] about the american people .

He discovers a fortress-cum-arms-manufacturing plant called Irontown , presided over by one of the most complex villains in modern film : the regal Lady Eboshi .
he [finds out] a fortress-cum-arms-manufacturing plant called irontown , presided over by one of the most complex villains in modern film : the regal lady eboshi .

OK , I was a puddle after some scenes , like the one where Guaspari pushes a student to get her to improve her posture and discovers that the girl is wearing a leg brace .
ok , i was a puddle after some scenes , like the one where guaspari pushes a student to get her to improve her posture and [finds out] that the girl is wearing a leg brace .

On cue , he discovers a passageway behind a file cabinet that whooshes him into the head of Malkovich and then disgorges him , after 20 minutes , into a ditch beside the New Jersey Turnpike .
on cue , he [finds out] a passageway behind a file cabinet that whooshes him into the head of malkovich and then disgorges him , after 20 minutes , into a ditch beside the new jersey turnpike .

Angelina Jolie plays the cop who discovers a body and snaps some photos that convince Washington she has a `` gift '' for forensics .
angelina jolie plays the cop who [finds out] a body and snaps some photos that convince washington she has a `` gift '' for forensics .

The media exaggerate the risks and benefits of research findings , and it 's only in rare cases ( notably cigarette smoking ) that science discovers clear evidence that changing behavior can improve health .
the media exaggerate the risks and benefits of research findings , and it 's only in rare cases ( notably cigarette smoking ) that science [finds out] clear evidence that changing behavior can improve health .

Flynt in the movie is an innocent who wakes up one day and discovers he is a rich publisher .
flynt in the movie is an innocent who wakes up one day and [finds out] he is a rich publisher .

When he looks deeper into the matter , he discovers that the output of hot dogs has actually risen 33 percent , yet employment has declined 33 percent .
when he looks deeper into the matter , he [finds out] that the output of hot dogs has actually risen 33 percent , yet employment has declined 33 percent .

Still , the patriotic reader plunges in -- and instantly discovers , in the volume 's first entry , a document of capital importance in re the insidious , Gallically anti-American accusation offered by Stendhal 's novel .
still , the patriotic reader plunges in -- and instantly [finds out] , in the volume 's first entry , a document of capital importance in re the insidious , gallically anti-american accusation offered by stendhal 's novel .

As she tries to decipher the convoluted course of her Central American adventure , Elena McMahon , `` not one of those who saw in a flash how every moment could connect , '' discovers memory and imagination -- faculties that Didion 's previous heroines did their best to deny .
as she tries to decipher the convoluted course of her central american adventure , elena mcmahon , `` not one of those who saw in a flash how every moment could connect , '' [finds out] memory and imagination -- faculties that didion 's previous heroines did their best to deny .

Marigold 's parents , who never noticed her much except to deplore her , are forced to think about her , and her father discovers that she has `` [ s ] triking looks , not good-looking in fact plain ugly .
marigold 's parents , who never noticed her much except to deplore her , are forced to think about her , and her father [finds out] that she has `` [ s ] triking looks , not good-looking in fact plain ugly .

Graham constantly discovers new reserves of emptiness .
graham constantly [finds out] new reserves of emptiness .

George Pataki discovers that the deinstitutionalized mentally ill do things that harm others ; he proposes to change the state 's policy on forced deinstitutionalization .
george pataki [finds out] that the deinstitutionalized mentally ill do things that harm others ; he proposes to change the state 's policy on forced deinstitutionalization .

I would hope that every time Kaczynski , or anybody else for that matter , discovers that a brother of his is an environmentalist extremist bent on murdering people , that he will inform the FBI of this evidence .
i would hope that every time kaczynski , or anybody else for that matter , [finds out] that a brother of his is an environmentalist extremist bent on murdering people , that he will inform the fbi of this evidence .

Hobbes follows up on the Lyons-Spakowski riddle and -- due in part to a much more responsive and comprehensive version of America Online than exists in reality -- discovers that the killer 's body had been possessed by the spirit of a dark angel named Azazel .
hobbes follows up on the lyons-spakowski riddle and -- due in part to a much more responsive and comprehensive version of america online than exists in reality -- [finds out] that the killer 's body had been possessed by the spirit of a dark angel named azazel .

Today , it 's Steve Martin with a piece about how the Mars probe discovers kittens there that are just like earth kittens except that they remain kittens forever and can parse sentences in the newspaper .
today , it 's steve martin with a piece about how the mars probe [finds out] kittens there that are just like earth kittens except that they remain kittens forever and can parse sentences in the newspaper .

It also seems odd to me that the reviewer should not be curious about the meaning of the strange name in the dedication “ To my dear friend , Hommy-Beg. ” It is when one discovers that the dedicatee was a Manxman , and that the words are Manx for ` Little Tommy ' that one feels the nice sense of satisfaction that a detective must feel when he has at last unraveled a long baffling clue .
it also seems odd to me that the reviewer should not be curious about the meaning of the strange name in the dedication “ to my dear friend , hommy-beg. ” it is when one [finds out] that the dedicatee was a manxman , and that the words are manx for ` little tommy ' that one feels the nice sense of satisfaction that a detective must feel when he has at last unraveled a long baffling clue .

This is made clear to me every time someone discovers that I am a “ word man ” -- that I am an editor on the Dictionary of American Regional English and write a column about word histories in the Atlantic .
this is made clear to me every time someone [finds out] that i am a “ word man ” -- that i am an editor on the dictionary of american regional english and write a column about word histories in the atlantic .

