Mrs. Harry K. Cohen is chairman of this phase and she is getting an artistic assist from A. Van Hollander , display director of Gimbel Brothers .
mrs. harry k. cohen is chairman of this phase and she is getting an artistic assist from a. van hollander , [show] director of gimbel brothers .

Authenticated pieces of Duncan Phyfe furniture are uncommon , although millions of American homes today display pieces patterned after the style trends he set 150 years ago .
authenticated pieces of duncan phyfe furniture are uncommon , although millions of american homes today [show] pieces patterned after the style trends he set 150 years ago .

On display were 343 first-class paintings and sculptures from his fabled collection -- and every single one of them was up for sale .
on [show] were 343 first-class paintings and sculptures from his fabled collection -- and every single one of them was up for sale .

Sample copies of new books are on display at headquarters , where librarians may evaluate them by themselves or in workshop groups .
sample copies of new books are on [show] at headquarters , where librarians may evaluate them by themselves or in workshop groups .

The resolution under discussion at the convention was to require the boards of election to instruct judges to properly display the American flag .
the resolution under discussion at the convention was to require the boards of election to instruct judges to properly [show] the american flag .

The resolution further asked that polling place proprietors affix an attachment to their premises for the display of the flag .
the resolution further asked that polling place proprietors affix an attachment to their premises for the [show] of the flag .

If so , it might be worth while to assign a future jazz show to a different department -- one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut down on the number of performers and give them a little room to display their talents .
if so , it might be worth while to assign a future jazz show to a different department -- one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut down on the number of performers and give them a little room to [show] their talents .

And little Zeme North , a Dora with real spirit and verve , was fascinating whether she was singing of her love for Floyd , the cop who becomes sewer commissioner and then is promoted into garbage , or just dancing to display her exuberant feelings .
and little zeme north , a dora with real spirit and verve , was fascinating whether she was singing of her love for floyd , the cop who becomes sewer commissioner and then is promoted into garbage , or just dancing to [show] her exuberant feelings .

For subtle swinging rhythms , I could admire intensely Mulligan's version of `` Weep '' , and the fireworks went on display in `` 18 Carrots For Robert '' , a sax tribute to Johnny Hodges .
for subtle swinging rhythms , i could admire intensely mulligan's version of `` weep '' , and the fireworks went on [show] in `` 18 carrots for robert '' , a sax tribute to johnny hodges .

Two sharply contrasting places designed for public enjoyment are now on display .
two sharply contrasting places designed for public enjoyment are now on [show] .

Every Wednesday night through Oct. 11 there will be an elaborate colored fountain display , with 229 nozzles throwing jets of water up to 130 feet .
every wednesday night through oct. 11 there will be an elaborate colored fountain [show] , with 229 nozzles throwing jets of water up to 130 feet .

The route to the park may lead people past them or display views of them .
the route to the park may lead people past them or [show] views of them .

For display , Dr. Baum uses a portion of an Af , an airborne radar indicator , and then photographs the screen to obtain a permanent record .
for [show] , dr. baum uses a portion of an af , an airborne radar indicator , and then photographs the screen to obtain a permanent record .

Display merchandising , backed by pre-selling through advertising and promotion , will continue to make strides in the sixties .
[show] merchandising , backed by pre-selling through advertising and promotion , will continue to make strides in the sixties .

What accounts for the rapid growth of plastics in the sign and display field ? ?
what accounts for the rapid growth of plastics in the sign and [show] field ? ?

Advances in equipment and fabrication techniques give the sign or display manufacturer an extremely wide choice of production techniques , ranging from injection molding for intricate , smaller-size , mass-production signs ( generally 5000 units is the minimum ) to vacuum and pressure forming for larger signs of limited runs .
advances in equipment and fabrication techniques give the sign or [show] manufacturer an extremely wide choice of production techniques , ranging from injection molding for intricate , smaller-size , mass-production signs ( generally 5000 units is the minimum ) to vacuum and pressure forming for larger signs of limited runs .

Among the newest fabrication methods to enter the display field are expandable styrene molding and blow molding .
among the newest fabrication methods to enter the [show] field are expandable styrene molding and blow molding .

Often , the finished sign or display incorporates several types of plastics and two or more fabricating techniques .
often , the finished sign or [show] incorporates several types of plastics and two or more fabricating techniques .

Poster Products Inc. , Chicago , Ill. : a changeable copy and display sign which consists of an extruded impact styrene background in choice of colors , onto which are mounted snap-in letters , figures , or words screened on acetate or other types of sheet stock .
poster products inc. , chicago , ill. : a changeable copy and [show] sign which consists of an extruded impact styrene background in choice of colors , onto which are mounted snap-in letters , figures , or words screened on acetate or other types of sheet stock .

Dreams that display events of the future with photographic detail call for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components , including that weird feeling of deja vue , inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem .
dreams that [show] events of the future with photographic detail call for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components , including that weird feeling of deja vue , inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem .

And part of a fabulous collection of vermeil hollowware , bequeathed to the White House by the late Mrs. Margaret Thompson Biddle , has been taken out of its locked cases and put on display in the State dining room .
and part of a fabulous collection of vermeil hollowware , bequeathed to the white house by the late mrs. margaret thompson biddle , has been taken out of its locked cases and put on [show] in the state dining room .

Paintings by Titian , Caravaggio , and Rubens are on display ( open 9:30 to 4:00 ) .
paintings by titian , caravaggio , and rubens are on [show] ( open 9:30 to 4:00 ) .

They range from the Soviet Embassy on Sixteenth Street , a gray shuttered pile suggesting a funeral-accessories display house , to what Congressman Rooney has called `` that monstrosity on Thirty-fourth Street '' , the modern cement-and-glass chancery of the Belgians .
they range from the soviet embassy on sixteenth street , a gray shuttered pile suggesting a funeral-accessories [show] house , to what congressman rooney has called `` that monstrosity on thirty-fourth street '' , the modern cement-and-glass chancery of the belgians .

Even the officer in charge , be it a captain ( for small display ) or a general , is restrained by monitoring .
even the officer in charge , be it a captain ( for small [show] ) or a general , is restrained by monitoring .

We had stopped before a shop window to assess its autumnal display , when you suddenly turned to me , looking up from beneath one of your wrong hats , and with your nervous `` ahem '' ! !
we had stopped before a shop window to assess its autumnal [show] , when you suddenly turned to me , looking up from beneath one of your wrong hats , and with your nervous `` ahem '' ! !

Alarmed by this display of weapons , I looked toward the bridge and there saw , stretched across the near side , a cordon of policemen , their bicycles forming a roadblock before which stood several French officers in uniform and a small waspish man in a brown derby .
alarmed by this [show] of weapons , i looked toward the bridge and there saw , stretched across the near side , a cordon of policemen , their bicycles forming a roadblock before which stood several french officers in uniform and a small waspish man in a brown derby .

She had to clean the glass on the display cases in the butcher shop , help her brother scrub the cutting tables with wire brushes , mop the floors , put down new sawdust on the floors and help check the outgoing orders .
she had to clean the glass on the [show] cases in the butcher shop , help her brother scrub the cutting tables with wire brushes , mop the floors , put down new sawdust on the floors and help check the outgoing orders .

Milton was required to absorb and display an intensive and accurate knowledge of Latin grammar , logic-rhetoric , ethics , physics or natural philosophy , metaphysics , and Latin , Greek , and Hebrew .
milton was required to absorb and [show] an intensive and accurate knowledge of latin grammar , logic-rhetoric , ethics , physics or natural philosophy , metaphysics , and latin , greek , and hebrew .

In fiscal year 1959 , the Medical Museum was moved to Chase Hall , a temporary building on Independence Avenue at Ninth Street , Southwest , and continued to display to the public the achievements of the Armed Forces Medical Services .
in fiscal year 1959 , the medical museum was moved to chase hall , a temporary building on independence avenue at ninth street , southwest , and continued to [show] to the public the achievements of the armed forces medical services .

A three-dimensional exhibit depicting `` A Century Of Naval Medicine '' was formally presented to The Director by George S. Squibb , great-grandson of the founder of E. R. Squibb and Sons , for permanent display in the Museum .
a three-dimensional exhibit depicting `` a century of naval medicine '' was formally presented to the director by george s. squibb , great-grandson of the founder of e. r. squibb and sons , for permanent [show] in the museum .

National leaders will have to display the highest skills of statesmanship to guide their people through times of uncertainty and confusion which destroy men's sense of identity .
national leaders will have to [show] the highest skills of statesmanship to guide their people through times of uncertainty and confusion which destroy men's sense of identity .

The severe yet harmonious vases of the previous fifty years , the Strong Geometric style of the late ninth century , display as firm a mastery of the principles underlying Geometric pottery ; ;
the severe yet harmonious vases of the previous fifty years , the strong geometric style of the late ninth century , [show] as firm a mastery of the principles underlying geometric pottery ; ;

Manual leveling requires an appropriate display of the accelerometer outputs .
manual leveling requires an appropriate [show] of the accelerometer outputs .

He did not wish to deceive Kayabashi exactly , just to display the mission activities in a graphic and impressive manner .
he did not wish to deceive kayabashi exactly , just to [show] the mission activities in a graphic and impressive manner .

It was a fairly modern motel with quite a bit of electrical display in front .
it was a fairly modern motel with quite a bit of electrical [show] in front .

There was no display of either works in progress or of finished work .
there was no [show] of either works in progress or of finished work .

It was professedly worth three thousand dollars in stock and good will , and the name was written in gold in foot-high letters across each of the two display windows .
it was professedly worth three thousand dollars in stock and good will , and the name was written in gold in foot-high letters across each of the two [show] windows .

During much of the fifteen-mile ride they had watched a lurid display of lightning in the sky to the east .
during much of the fifteen-mile ride they had watched a lurid [show] of lightning in the sky to the east .

The woman eyed the youth with the avidity a coin collector might display toward a rare doubloon which is not yet in his collection .
the woman eyed the youth with the avidity a coin collector might [show] toward a rare doubloon which is not yet in his collection .

Something special was going on here just now -- the annual display of azalea plants .
something special was going on here just now -- the annual [show] of azalea plants .

She became aware that two Italian workmen , carrying a large azalea pot , were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display .
she became aware that two italian workmen , carrying a large azalea pot , were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the [show] .

The display at Booker airfield is by some of the world 's top stunt fliers .
the [show] at booker airfield is by some of the world 's top stunt fliers .

Fifteen people have been arrested at a joyriding display with stolen cars in Oxford .
fifteen people have been arrested at a joyriding [show] with stolen cars in oxford .

His workmates brought some of his tools to display during the service .
his workmates brought some of his tools to [show] during the service .

With the Rugby World Sevens being played this weekend , the game at Kingsholm was a taster ; a curtain raiser for good things to come and Gloucester rose to the occasion with a stirring display .
with the rugby world sevens being played this weekend , the game at kingsholm was a taster ; a curtain raiser for good things to come and gloucester rose to the occasion with a stirring [show] .

Committee members have striven to ensure , like the village itself , the new is on display alongside the old
committee members have striven to ensure , like the village itself , the new is on [show] alongside the old

Some of the world 's finest vintage aircraft will be taking to the skies at a display this weekend .
some of the world 's finest vintage aircraft will be taking to the skies at a [show] this weekend .

This 1944 Spitfire is one of about 100 vintage aircraft on show at this weekend 's Great Warbirds Air Display at Wroughton Airfield near Swindon .
this 1944 spitfire is one of about 100 vintage aircraft on show at this weekend 's great warbirds air [show] at wroughton airfield near swindon .

As for this weekend 's display , Gary would n't miss it for the world .
as for this weekend 's [show] , gary would n't miss it for the world .

The Great Warbirds Air Display starts on Sunday , finishing Bank Holiday Monday .
the great warbirds air [show] starts on sunday , finishing bank holiday monday .

The Vulcan Bomber ; preparing to take a final bow at this weekend 's Great Warbirds Air Display near Swindon .
the vulcan bomber ; preparing to take a final bow at this weekend 's great warbirds air [show] near swindon .

She 's dedicating the display to the memory of more than 50,000 American airmen who lost their lives in World War Two and hopes it 'll be a fitting tribute .
she 's dedicating the [show] to the memory of more than 50,000 american airmen who lost their lives in world war two and hopes it 'll be a fitting tribute .

Stolen valuables ranging from jewellery to model trains have been put on display by police .
stolen valuables ranging from jewellery to model trains have been put on [show] by police .

The aim is to disperse any crowd before a display can take place and trace the stolen cars .
the aim is to disperse any crowd before a [show] can take place and trace the stolen cars .

If a display does happen now that display is down to 2 handbrake turns and certainly no longer than 2 minutes , because of the success of the operation .
if a [show] does happen now that [show] is down to 2 handbrake turns and certainly no longer than 2 minutes , because of the success of the operation .

But pride of place goes to a display which won a silver gilt at last year 's Chelsea Flower Show .
but pride of place goes to a [show] which won a silver gilt at last year 's chelsea flower show .

Nurserymen and women from all over the country showed off the plants and flowers they 've carefully grown . Ledbury based Rushfields Nurseries brought wildflowers grown for cottage gardens … the display won them first prize
nurserymen and women from all over the country showed off the plants and flowers they 've carefully grown . ledbury based rushfields nurseries brought wildflowers grown for cottage gardens … the [show] won them first prize

Dozens of vintage aircraft are converging on an old airfield for a nostalgic flying display .
dozens of vintage aircraft are converging on an old airfield for a nostalgic flying [show] .

Among some of the exotic craft on display are bi-planes used in the First World War .
among some of the exotic craft on [show] are bi-planes used in the first world war .

The Royal Flying Corps aerodrome at Rendcombe near Cirencester is playing host this weekend to a display of vintage aircraft , and some vintage flying .
the royal flying corps aerodrome at rendcombe near cirencester is playing host this weekend to a [show] of vintage aircraft , and some vintage flying .

Welcome back : Hundreds of thousands of archaeological treasures are being kept hidden away because there 's nowhere to display them .
welcome back : hundreds of thousands of archaeological treasures are being kept hidden away because there 's nowhere to [show] them .

The County Council which owns them says it does n't have enough space to display them all , bujt experts say that 's a public tragedy .
the county council which owns them says it does n't have enough space to [show] them all , bujt experts say that 's a public tragedy .

Welcome back : Hundreds of thousands of archaeological treasures are being kept hidden away because there 's nowhere to display them .
welcome back : hundreds of thousands of archaeological treasures are being kept hidden away because there 's nowhere to [show] them .

The County Council which owns them says it does n't have enough space to display them all , bujt experts say that 's a public tragedy .
the county council which owns them says it does n't have enough space to [show] them all , bujt experts say that 's a public tragedy .

Among the attractions is a display designed by school children , and put together by by prisoners .
among the attractions is a [show] designed by school children , and put together by by prisoners .

The award for the best display went to a firm from Lenthall Starks in Herefordshire . There was n't a flower in sight on the Rickards Hardy Ferns stand :
the award for the best [show] went to a firm from lenthall starks in herefordshire . there was n't a flower in sight on the rickards hardy ferns stand :

Among the attractions is a display designed by school children , and put together by by prisoners .
among the attractions is a [show] designed by school children , and put together by by prisoners .

The award for the best display went to a firm from Lenthall Starks in Herefordshire . There was n't a flower in sight on the Rickards Hardy Ferns stand :
the award for the best [show] went to a firm from lenthall starks in herefordshire . there was n't a flower in sight on the rickards hardy ferns stand :

For the wealthy , there 's the garden of intrigue , a permanent display costing forty thousand pounds which was set up last year by a local nursery.Those with tiny gardens and less money could gain inspiration from the series of patio gardens designed for the show .
for the wealthy , there 's the garden of intrigue , a permanent [show] costing forty thousand pounds which was set up last year by a local nursery.those with tiny gardens and less money could gain inspiration from the series of patio gardens designed for the show .

To cricket now and Gloucestershire 's miserable start to the season continued … with a disappointing display at Derby .
to cricket now and gloucestershire 's miserable start to the season continued … with a disappointing [show] at derby .

This remarkable display is the work of the William Morris artists and glaziers from London .
this remarkable [show] is the work of the william morris artists and glaziers from london .

Upstairs everyone gets a chance to see Science in action with a hands-on display .
upstairs everyone gets a chance to see science in action with a hands-on [show] .

We 'll also focus on a very special display the Falcons put on while here in the States .
we 'll also focus on a very special [show] the falcons put on while here in the states .

For the Falcons the main aim of this free falling detachment is to blood the 4 new jumpers on the team , basically to make them good enough for the start of the display season in the Spring and there 's no room for lack of concentration .
for the falcons the main aim of this free falling detachment is to blood the 4 new jumpers on the team , basically to make them good enough for the start of the [show] season in the spring and there 's no room for lack of concentration .

Although some have done this display before , the tension 's been building up all week .
although some have done this [show] before , the tension 's been building up all week .

In Central News tonight : Air display crash : Are Russian pilots experienced enough ?
in central news tonight : air [show] crash : are russian pilots experienced enough ?

He says the problem with some teams , like the Eastern Europeans , is that they want to be part of the display flying circus , but they have n't got the financial means .
he says the problem with some teams , like the eastern europeans , is that they want to be part of the [show] flying circus , but they have n't got the financial means .

It may look like an exclusive jewellers , 4 display cases stuffed with expensive rings and necklaces ; in fact it 's a police station in the Forest of Dean Gloucestershire .
it may look like an exclusive jewellers , 4 [show] cases stuffed with expensive rings and necklaces ; in fact it 's a police station in the forest of dean gloucestershire .

Trials bike champ , Steve put on a display to show what can be achieved .
trials bike champ , steve put on a [show] to show what can be achieved .

Unfortunately those officers were needed to help out with the incident at Milton Keynes … shortly before the display .
unfortunately those officers were needed to help out with the incident at milton keynes … shortly before the [show] .

The gang had used pickaxe handles , army style ballaclava hats , and stocking masks , all of which are on display at the Thames Valley Police Museum at Sulhamstead .
the gang had used pickaxe handles , army style ballaclava hats , and stocking masks , all of which are on [show] at the thames valley police museum at sulhamstead .

Finally , what was billed as a spectacular display of gunpowder , fire , balloons and art … featuring Halley 's comet speeding through the cosmos .
finally , what was billed as a spectacular [show] of gunpowder , fire , balloons and art … featuring halley 's comet speeding through the cosmos .

Pilot David Moore from Gloucestershire was at the controls of the forty seven year old Spitfire as it took part in an air display near Manchester on Saturday.The fighter plane looped the loop but as it neared the ground it plummeted down , bursting into flames.Firefighters were on the scene immediately , and confirmed that the pilot was dead.David Moore , who was 47 , flew with the Royal Navy for ten years before joining Rolls Royce as a pilot in the mid 1970s.He flew the company 's executives around Europe … but in his spare time he enjoyed piloting vintage planes like the Spitfire , which was owned by Rolls Royce.Today at the family 's home near Stroud , David Moore 's widow was coming to terms with the tragedy :
pilot david moore from gloucestershire was at the controls of the forty seven year old spitfire as it took part in an air [show] near manchester on saturday.the fighter plane looped the loop but as it neared the ground it plummeted down , bursting into flames.firefighters were on the scene immediately , and confirmed that the pilot was dead.david moore , who was 47 , flew with the royal navy for ten years before joining rolls royce as a pilot in the mid 1970s.he flew the company 's executives around europe … but in his spare time he enjoyed piloting vintage planes like the spitfire , which was owned by rolls royce.today at the family 's home near stroud , david moore 's widow was coming to terms with the tragedy :

Experts say this is the right way to store and display it .
experts say this is the right way to store and [show] it .

Young motorists face a Government clampdown including having to display a special plate to show they 're new to driving and the possibility of having to pass a tough new test if they 're found guilty of serious traffic offences .
young motorists face a government clampdown including having to [show] a special plate to show they 're new to driving and the possibility of having to pass a tough new test if they 're found guilty of serious traffic offences .

It all pulls in the visitors … entranced by the display .
it all pulls in the visitors … entranced by the [show] .

The Barns Road pay and display Car Park in Cowley also came out worst in the survey .
the barns road pay and [show] car park in cowley also came out worst in the survey .

Leyhill prison on the Gloucestershire Avon border is as far from the popular conception of a jail as you can get.Modern buildings cluster around borders boasting blooms that many public parks would be hard pressed to match.Leyhill is an open prison … the last port of call for inmates nearing the end of their sentences.A hundred prisoners work on the nearly forty acres of lawns , borders and market gardens.Their skills won them a silver medal at Chelsea for this display of garden design.And at Leyhill , they 've created a spectacular show … with drifts of brightly coloured pelargoniums competing for attention with giant cannas … and a fine show of roses.New borders are being created all the time … giving the prisoners an opportunity to express themselves and learn techniques that could help them go straight when they 're released :
leyhill prison on the gloucestershire avon border is as far from the popular conception of a jail as you can get.modern buildings cluster around borders boasting blooms that many public parks would be hard pressed to match.leyhill is an open prison … the last port of call for inmates nearing the end of their sentences.a hundred prisoners work on the nearly forty acres of lawns , borders and market gardens.their skills won them a silver medal at chelsea for this [show] of garden design.and at leyhill , they 've created a spectacular show … with drifts of brightly coloured pelargoniums competing for attention with giant cannas … and a fine show of roses.new borders are being created all the time … giving the prisoners an opportunity to express themselves and learn techniques that could help them go straight when they 're released :

What started as a small local meeting for enthusiasts has grown into a spectaular display .
what started as a small local meeting for enthusiasts has grown into a spectaular [show] .

An inquiry 's begun into the death of a parachutist during what should have been a routine public display .
an inquiry 's begun into the death of a parachutist during what should have been a routine public [show] .

Diver killed in parachute display .
diver killed in parachute [show] .

Forty-five years later he 's returned to his roots , with a retrospective display of his favourite surrealist paintings .
forty-five years later he 's returned to his roots , with a retrospective [show] of his favourite surrealist paintings .

The other important ingredient is a huge fireworks display .
the other important ingredient is a huge fireworks [show] .

Although the supposed bringer of good luck is likely to be put on display , there are no plans to rename the pub The Old Nag 's Head .
although the supposed bringer of good luck is likely to be put on [show] , there are no plans to rename the pub the old nag 's head .

And finally bang up to date with the Red Arrows : they will be just one of fifteen air display teams performing at Fairford .
and finally bang up to date with the red arrows : they will be just one of fifteen air [show] teams performing at fairford .

Here two men managed to forced open a display cabinet to steal jewellery despite closed-circuit camera surveillance .
here two men managed to forced open a [show] cabinet to steal jewellery despite closed-circuit camera surveillance .

For the last 5 years , chemists in Gloucestershire which display this sign have been operating a needle exchange system .
for the last 5 years , chemists in gloucestershire which [show] this sign have been operating a needle exchange system .

But the display went off without a hitch .
but the [show] went off without a hitch .

It 's one which is dear to botanist Timothy Williams ' heart and is the subject of Oxford Botanic garden 's display at this year 's Chelsea Show , despite some its members being less than sweet scented .
it 's one which is dear to botanist timothy williams ' heart and is the subject of oxford botanic garden 's [show] at this year 's chelsea show , despite some its members being less than sweet scented .

2 years ago Teddy Sutton did n't know he could carve ; now his work is on display at up to £300 a time .
2 years ago teddy sutton did n't know he could carve ; now his work is on [show] at up to £300 a time .

Inside the great marquee , Mattocks roses from Nuneham Courtenay in Oxfordshire have impressed the judges with their display , winning them a gold medal — they 're not quite sure , but they think it 's the 20th they 've won at the show .
inside the great marquee , mattocks roses from nuneham courtenay in oxfordshire have impressed the judges with their [show] , winning them a gold medal — they 're not quite sure , but they think it 's the 20th they 've won at the show .

Although his injuries are now on the mend , Rex Pritchard is almost certain to be grounded for the rest of the display season .
although his injuries are now on the mend , rex pritchard is almost certain to be grounded for the rest of the [show] season .

In Bacton stud farmhouse , only sprigs of holly now decorate a dining table that had been used to display forty eight pieces of antique silver .
in bacton stud farmhouse , only sprigs of holly now decorate a dining table that had been used to [show] forty eight pieces of antique silver .

First to go , he does everything he 's told to in a flawless display .
first to go , he does everything he 's told to in a flawless [show] .

It looked as though Hereford 's away form was changing for the better on Saturday when they drew at Mansfield , but last night an attacking display by struggling Doncaster had them on the retreat again .
it looked as though hereford 's away form was changing for the better on saturday when they drew at mansfield , but last night an attacking [show] by struggling doncaster had them on the retreat again .

Forty two cartoonists are on display , ranging from the simple to the bizarre .
forty two cartoonists are on [show] , ranging from the simple to the bizarre .

Imported Indian artefacts are on display and you could attempt to barter , but you 'll need British currency to buy .
imported indian artefacts are on [show] and you could attempt to barter , but you 'll need british currency to buy .

It 's a simple principle , you give everybody a number and the numbers as they move on are shown on a display board .
it 's a simple principle , you give everybody a number and the numbers as they move on are shown on a [show] board .

And finally bang up to date with the Red Arrows : they will be just one of fifteen air display teams performing at Fairford .
and finally bang up to date with the red arrows : they will be just one of fifteen air [show] teams performing at fairford .

Display teams gather for the world 's biggest airshow .
[show] teams gather for the world 's biggest airshow .

Aerobatic display teams from fourteen different countries will be flying in , but none will have travelled further than the Falcons from Chile .
aerobatic [show] teams from fourteen different countries will be flying in , but none will have travelled further than the falcons from chile .

And finally the Red Arrows , one of fifteen air display teams performing at Fairford.We asked which plane do they fly ? The answer was the Hawk .
and finally the red arrows , one of fifteen air [show] teams performing at fairford.we asked which plane do they fly ? the answer was the hawk .

He was one of the witnesses who identified two joyriders to the police last summer , after a display on the estate .
he was one of the witnesses who identified two joyriders to the police last summer , after a [show] on the estate .

He was one of the witnesses who identified two joyriders to the police last summer , after a display on the estate .
he was one of the witnesses who identified two joyriders to the police last summer , after a [show] on the estate .

The parachute display that missed the target .
the parachute [show] that missed the target .

It happened as the world-famous Falcons skydiving team were making their first display jump of the season , watched by more than two hundred schoolchildren .
it happened as the world-famous falcons skydiving team were making their first [show] jump of the season , watched by more than two hundred schoolchildren .

The twelve parachutists of the Falcons display jumped from a Hercules transport plane eight thousand feet over Witney in Oxfordshire .
the twelve parachutists of the falcons [show] jumped from a hercules transport plane eight thousand feet over witney in oxfordshire .

After a display earlier this year he spoke about a teammates ' mistake , diving thorugh the ring of skydivers .
after a [show] earlier this year he spoke about a teammates ' mistake , diving thorugh the ring of skydivers .

Last night , residents witnessed another high speed display ; the latest in a series of stunts which became notorious last Summer .
last night , residents witnessed another high speed [show] ; the latest in a series of stunts which became notorious last summer .

The display bears all the hallmarks of events show by a recent television trail for ’ The Bill ’ .
the [show] bears all the hallmarks of events show by a recent television trail for ’ the bill ’ .

Posture : Placid horses usually display a relaxed posture , with a low head and tail carriage .
posture : placid horses usually [show] a relaxed posture , with a low head and tail carriage .

only had sixty odd quid , used his credit card to put it through , well now it all comes up , all the stuff comes up onto on display now about the credit , it goes straight through to their account see if there 's money there
only had sixty odd quid , used his credit card to put it through , well now it all comes up , all the stuff comes up onto on [show] now about the credit , it goes straight through to their account see if there 's money there

they go in a glass case at the registrar office in a you know a display , a notice board
they go in a glass case at the registrar office in a you know a [show] , a notice board

Do you know that page of yours from upper and lower cases on display in the Design Museum , that looks very well there — apart from the fact that you can read it from across the room .
do you know that page of yours from upper and lower cases on [show] in the design museum , that looks very well there — apart from the fact that you can read it from across the room .

This is the Berthold specimen book and it worries me , because everything looks as if it 's supposed to sit in a line of eighteen point display , you know , sort of specimen setting , saying this is
this is the berthold specimen book and it worries me , because everything looks as if it 's supposed to sit in a line of eighteen point [show] , you know , sort of specimen setting , saying this is

Huge display size .
huge [show] size .

Have you ever seen that used in display .
have you ever seen that used in [show] .

But there 's something very pro forma about it and also the fonts are , they 're not display fonts , they 're using fonts .
but there 's something very pro forma about it and also the fonts are , they 're not [show] fonts , they 're using fonts .

Ah , fabulous Peter , tremendous Cup Tie , great display by Oxford United and the showing of a world class footballer for everybody to see .
ah , fabulous peter , tremendous cup tie , great [show] by oxford united and the showing of a world class footballer for everybody to see .

City gave another disappointing display as they made their second Cup exit of the week , when in their replay in the O'Brien Trophy game , they went by the went down by three goals to one .
city gave another disappointing [show] as they made their second cup exit of the week , when in their replay in the o'brien trophy game , they went by the went down by three goals to one .

Sotheby 's will have on display a number of antique items and the audience will be asked to estimate the nature , origin , date and value of each .
sotheby 's will have on [show] a number of antique items and the audience will be asked to estimate the nature , origin , date and value of each .

Display red .
[show] red .

There , there was a wonderful display in Chester about five years ago
there , there was a wonderful [show] in chester about five years ago

Look here , the there 's a programme on about er , Rembrandt here and it said of the ni , nine hundred and eighty eight Rembrandts in nineteen thirteen , only around three hundred are still thought to be genuine to a display of art
look here , the there 's a programme on about er , rembrandt here and it said of the ni , nine hundred and eighty eight rembrandts in nineteen thirteen , only around three hundred are still thought to be genuine to a [show] of art

everything 's a sixpence and a , they have this great big display of buckets in one of the windows , sixpence
everything 's a sixpence and a , they have this great big [show] of buckets in one of the windows , sixpence

No , it was an agent planted to seduce the enemy into misbehaving , listen to this one , does a lollipop lady do blow jobs in blue movies , help British children across the road , display downward trends at the stock market it 's fucking easy in n it ? Oh shit
no , it was an agent planted to seduce the enemy into misbehaving , listen to this one , does a lollipop lady do blow jobs in blue movies , help british children across the road , [show] downward trends at the stock market it 's fucking easy in n it ? oh shit

We 've got loads of numbers on this phone ! They 're good these because if they 've got display on them
we 've got loads of numbers on this phone ! they 're good these because if they 've got [show] on them

have you connected it ? Yeah , even connected it on the end here , the , the station and set this display decoder up and it even did it there so it was nothing to do with the live lamp wire , the way they routed it we thought that perhaps rerouted it to the cable or something like that
have you connected it ? yeah , even connected it on the end here , the , the station and set this [show] decoder up and it even did it there so it was nothing to do with the live lamp wire , the way they routed it we thought that perhaps rerouted it to the cable or something like that

Yeah , does it work everything though ? Does n't work that does it ? No , it works the text does n't work the colour the on screen display , one of them , in n it ? and one of them and that er and that . That one did n't work either gon na try and there 's no on screen display on these is there ? So
yeah , does it work everything though ? does n't work that does it ? no , it works the text does n't work the colour the on screen [show] , one of them , in n it ? and one of them and that er and that . that one did n't work either gon na try and there 's no on screen [show] on these is there ? so

More than 60 members of the murder inquiry team toured licensed premises to speak to customers and ask licensees to display posters inviting anyone who could help to come forward .
more than 60 members of the murder inquiry team toured licensed premises to speak to customers and ask licensees to [show] posters inviting anyone who could help to come forward .

More than 60 members of the murder inquiry team toured licensed premises to speak to customers and ask licensees to display posters inviting anyone who could help to come forward .
more than 60 members of the murder inquiry team toured licensed premises to speak to customers and ask licensees to [show] posters inviting anyone who could help to come forward .

However , at the Secret Life of the Fax Machine exhibition which opens at the Science Museum in London today , Bain 's patent specification will be on display along with a drawing of how it would have worked by the cartoonist Tim Hunkin , who uncovered the 1843 patent .
however , at the secret life of the fax machine exhibition which opens at the science museum in london today , bain 's patent specification will be on [show] along with a drawing of how it would have worked by the cartoonist tim hunkin , who uncovered the 1843 patent .

There will be an hour-long air display by modern and historic aircraft , a march by more than 2,000 sailors and veterans , a massed band concert , and a Service of Commemoration at the Anglican Cathedral attended by the Prince and Princess of Wales .
there will be an hour-long air [show] by modern and historic aircraft , a march by more than 2,000 sailors and veterans , a massed band concert , and a service of commemoration at the anglican cathedral attended by the prince and princess of wales .

‘ The parties will all reassert their commitment to sit at the peace table , but most will display a diminished taste for direct negotiations , ’ said Harvey Sicherman of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy .
‘ the parties will all reassert their commitment to sit at the peace table , but most will [show] a diminished taste for direct negotiations , ’ said harvey sicherman of the washington institute for near east policy .

Both male and female show broad white bars on the upper side of the wing in flight but several ducks display white patches of one kind or another and it is not a very useful diagnostic feature .
both male and female show broad white bars on the upper side of the wing in flight but several ducks [show] white patches of one kind or another and it is not a very useful diagnostic feature .

Kenneth Branagh would have been hard pushed to better the sheer professionalism on display .
kenneth branagh would have been hard pushed to better the sheer professionalism on [show] .

Welcome for display phone
welcome for [show] phone

The revolutionary new Caller Display system , introduced on a trial basis two months ago , allows customers to see the number of the person calling them before they answer the phone .
the revolutionary new caller [show] system , introduced on a trial basis two months ago , allows customers to see the number of the person calling them before they answer the phone .

‘ Caller Display puts control of the telephone back into customers ’ hands , restoring the balance of power between the caller and the called person . ’
‘ caller [show] puts control of the telephone back into customers ’ hands , restoring the balance of power between the caller and the called person . ’

In principle , the display of antibody fragments on the surface of recombinant retroviral particles could be used to target virus to cells for gene delivery , or to retain the virus in target tissues .
in principle , the [show] of antibody fragments on the surface of recombinant retroviral particles could be used to target virus to cells for gene delivery , or to retain the virus in target tissues .

Here we have explored the use of retroviral vectors for display of proteins expressed in mammalian cells .
here we have explored the use of retroviral vectors for [show] of proteins expressed in mammalian cells .

Such retroviruses offer an alternative to the use of filamentous bacteriophage as replicable display packages .
such retroviruses offer an alternative to the use of filamentous bacteriophage as replicable [show] packages .

For example , glycosylated proteins which are unsuitable for display on filamentous bacteriophage may be amenable to selection in a retroviral display system .
for example , glycosylated proteins which are unsuitable for [show] on filamentous bacteriophage may be amenable to selection in a retroviral [show] system .

Display of antibody fragments on surface of mammalian cells
[show] of antibody fragments on surface of mammalian cells

Display of antibody fragments on surface of retrovirus
[show] of antibody fragments on surface of retrovirus

We also demonstrated that virus particles displaying antibody fragments can encapsidate the genes ( pNIPenv ) encoding the antibody fragments on their surface and hence have potential as replicable display packages , as with phage antibodies 2 .
we also demonstrated that virus particles displaying antibody fragments can encapsidate the genes ( pnipenv ) encoding the antibody fragments on their surface and hence have potential as replicable [show] packages , as with phage antibodies 2 .

As a safety measure , the retroviral particles could be engineered to display antibody fragments directed against an antigen on the tumour cells to enhance their retention within the tumour deposit .
as a safety measure , the retroviral particles could be engineered to [show] antibody fragments directed against an antigen on the tumour cells to enhance their retention within the tumour deposit .

The new stalls would have refrigerated display cabinets .
the new stalls would have refrigerated [show] cabinets .

At the next meeting on February 27 Mrs Russell will bring a display of Goss china and the competition will be for a small piece of china .
at the next meeting on february 27 mrs russell will bring a [show] of goss china and the competition will be for a small piece of china .

And anyone parking on the market side of East Row between 3am and 6pm must buy a pay and display ticket from the car park opposite .
and anyone parking on the market side of east row between 3am and 6pm must buy a pay and [show] ticket from the car park opposite .

Richmondshire District Council agreed to make the order announcing the pay and display scheme which will start on June 1 .
richmondshire district council agreed to make the order announcing the pay and [show] scheme which will start on june 1 .

They also discovered the display case of German daggers , a heavy machine gun on a tripod with a belt of ammunition attached , two smaller machine guns and a Russian submachine gun .
they also discovered the [show] case of german daggers , a heavy machine gun on a tripod with a belt of ammunition attached , two smaller machine guns and a russian submachine gun .

Mr Birt 's display of candour and remorse has not stopped the seepage , leaving the vague impression the whole story may not yet be known .
mr birt 's [show] of candour and remorse has not stopped the seepage , leaving the vague impression the whole story may not yet be known .

The Queen paused briefly to chat with children from the base as she made her way to view a specially prepared static display of the Corps ' role in providing technical and logistical support to the army .
the queen paused briefly to chat with children from the base as she made her way to view a specially prepared static [show] of the corps ' role in providing technical and logistical support to the army .

He added that the company was also hoping to secure another multi-million pound contract , for an integrated helmet-mounted display system .
he added that the company was also hoping to secure another multi-million pound contract , for an integrated helmet-mounted [show] system .

The hammer-the-dispatch-box-Major on public display in the chamber was , in private reality away from the cameras , rather haggard and harassed looking .
the hammer-the-dispatch-box-major on public [show] in the chamber was , in private reality away from the cameras , rather haggard and harassed looking .

In 1972 , his long-time interest in Benjamin Disraeli , the 19th-century prime minister , resulted in a display of his Disraeliana collection in Edinburgh which included sketches , prints , cartoons and busts .
in 1972 , his long-time interest in benjamin disraeli , the 19th-century prime minister , resulted in a [show] of his disraeliana collection in edinburgh which included sketches , prints , cartoons and busts .

New products , including liquid crystal display televisions , long-life batteries and new materials offer promise for the future .
new products , including liquid crystal [show] televisions , long-life batteries and new materials offer promise for the future .

Day two , and the pupils learn how to shape their creations into a clay model clock — quite a demanding process since it requires them to build in mirror-image — and cast it in plaster , ready for display in the school foyer or playground .
day two , and the pupils learn how to shape their creations into a clay model clock — quite a demanding process since it requires them to build in mirror-image — and cast it in plaster , ready for [show] in the school foyer or playground .

Extrovert Rangers in display of great reserve Rangers 3 Hibernian 0
extrovert rangers in [show] of great reserve rangers 3 hibernian 0

Any comment made about the sub-standard display of the opposition against Rangers can be misinterpreted as an implication that the champions occasionally thrive on the shortcomings of others .
any comment made about the sub-standard [show] of the opposition against rangers can be misinterpreted as an implication that the champions occasionally thrive on the shortcomings of others .

It is the coach 's intention to have experience at the core of his team , bearing in mind the exceptional nature of the opposition , but Roxburgh did not rule out the possibility of a new arrival suddenly thrusting himself into consideration for one of Scotland 's remaining World Cup qualifying ties on the strength of a display against the Germans .
it is the coach 's intention to have experience at the core of his team , bearing in mind the exceptional nature of the opposition , but roxburgh did not rule out the possibility of a new arrival suddenly thrusting himself into consideration for one of scotland 's remaining world cup qualifying ties on the strength of a [show] against the germans .

Despite an impressive display by the Flower brothers , Zimbabwe lost their last seven first-innings wickets for 47 runs to be all out for 322 .
despite an impressive [show] by the flower brothers , zimbabwe lost their last seven first-innings wickets for 47 runs to be all out for 322 .

The Scottish Cup remains the Pittodrie side 's only chance of a trophy this season and no doubt the sponsor , Tennents , will welcome their participation in the penultimate stage of a tournament which was brought to life by the courageous display of Clydebank , who had seemed crushed and then reshaped into tigerish opposition .
the scottish cup remains the pittodrie side 's only chance of a trophy this season and no doubt the sponsor , tennents , will welcome their participation in the penultimate stage of a tournament which was brought to life by the courageous [show] of clydebank , who had seemed crushed and then reshaped into tigerish opposition .

Mr Scott is chief reporter on the weekly Southern Reporter , so there were plenty of opportunities to stage his one-man fashion display at prestigious events .
mr scott is chief reporter on the weekly southern reporter , so there were plenty of opportunities to stage his one-man fashion [show] at prestigious events .

His absence from this squad was perhaps surprising given his display at the Kelso tournament last autumn where his athleticism at kick-off virtually assured his team the ball , whether advancing or on the receiving end .
his absence from this squad was perhaps surprising given his [show] at the kelso tournament last autumn where his athleticism at kick-off virtually assured his team the ball , whether advancing or on the receiving end .

However , this season he has been nothing like as unequivocal in the tackle and , dating from his display for the Barbarians versus the Wallabies , he was patently losing ground with the powers that be .
however , this season he has been nothing like as unequivocal in the tackle and , dating from his [show] for the barbarians versus the wallabies , he was patently losing ground with the powers that be .

If he 'd been thrown in cold against Juventus 's £8 million man , McLaren might well have suffered a very different fate from the rave reviews that greeted his outstanding display .
if he 'd been thrown in cold against juventus 's £8 million man , mclaren might well have suffered a very different fate from the rave reviews that greeted his outstanding [show] .

In Australia , he rewrote the history books in a display not seen since the days of Jim Clark and Graham Hill — they helped revolutionise Indycar racing with their rear-engined Lotus Fords — when he started from pole position , won the race and smashed the lap record in his debut race .
in australia , he rewrote the history books in a [show] not seen since the days of jim clark and graham hill — they helped revolutionise indycar racing with their rear-engined lotus fords — when he started from pole position , won the race and smashed the lap record in his debut race .

Hearts ' defender was in Roxburgh 's original squad and it was always the intention to play him after a worthwhile display against Portugal in October .
hearts ' defender was in roxburgh 's original squad and it was always the intention to play him after a worthwhile [show] against portugal in october .

Popular with the actors , actresses and students in his charge , he drove them hard , employing what actress Maureen Lipman called ‘ a dizzying display of bullying , teasing , cajoling and sheer blind faith .
popular with the actors , actresses and students in his charge , he drove them hard , employing what actress maureen lipman called ‘ a dizzying [show] of bullying , teasing , cajoling and sheer blind faith .

It was perhaps typical of Ferguson that his home debut for Scotland after a period of prolonged difficulty on and off the field should be an unfettered display of the forward 's rich gifts .
it was perhaps typical of ferguson that his home debut for scotland after a period of prolonged difficulty on and off the field should be an unfettered [show] of the forward 's rich gifts .

‘ Last month , it was Eoin Jess who hogged the limelight after his display against Malta and look what happened to him .
‘ last month , it was eoin jess who hogged the limelight after his [show] against malta and look what happened to him .

The display treats the data as a matrix , with clones as rows and probes as columns .
the [show] treats the data as a matrix , with clones as rows and probes as columns .

The ability to display hybridisation data from either the whole dataset or any subset ( eg a contig or group of contigs ) using show was very useful , particularly in conjunction with reorder .
the ability to [show] hybridisation data from either the whole dataset or any subset ( eg a contig or group of contigs ) using show was very useful , particularly in conjunction with reorder .

Since then the garage has been obliged to leave some of its cars on the lines because it can not display them any other way .
since then the garage has been obliged to leave some of its cars on the lines because it can not [show] them any other way .

He signed off after a fighting display at the famous Daytona racetrack in America two years ago .
he signed off after a fighting [show] at the famous daytona racetrack in america two years ago .

Pay and display a plus
pay and [show] a plus

They guide the driver through towns using a dash top display unit and an electronic voice .
they guide the driver through towns using a dash top [show] unit and an electronic voice .

The pictures show an artist 's impression of how the road signs of the future might look with the brighter display offering information about hazards ahead and how best to avoid them and a more traditional display , similar to existing road signs , for use in normal traffic conditions .
the pictures show an artist 's impression of how the road signs of the future might look with the brighter [show] offering information about hazards ahead and how best to avoid them and a more traditional [show] , similar to existing road signs , for use in normal traffic conditions .

It would be a brave man who would accuse Aitken of cheating on his present club to protect his first senior team , however , and a foolish one who continued to harbour the notion after watching his display of honest professionalism .
it would be a brave man who would accuse aitken of cheating on his present club to protect his first senior team , however , and a foolish one who continued to harbour the notion after watching his [show] of honest professionalism .

An impressive display from Magnum player Muir saw him cruise through with a 7-2 , 7-1 , 7-1 win .
an impressive [show] from magnum player muir saw him cruise through with a 7-2 , 7-1 , 7-1 win .

The Juventus player 's display was one of the few bright spots as England made heavy work of beating a San Marino side made up mainly of part-time players , including postmen , bus drivers and newsagents .
the juventus player 's [show] was one of the few bright spots as england made heavy work of beating a san marino side made up mainly of part-time players , including postmen , bus drivers and newsagents .

Graham Taylor 's stand-in captain even missed an 89th-minute penalty , which denied him the place in the history books that his brilliant individual display deserved .
graham taylor 's stand-in captain even missed an 89th-minute penalty , which denied him the place in the history books that his brilliant individual [show] deserved .

Should setpiece equality form the plot , what prospects are there for Scotland 's backs to build on their Ireland display and will we see more than the limited offerings which the Welsh managed against England ?
should setpiece equality form the plot , what prospects are there for scotland 's backs to build on their ireland [show] and will we see more than the limited offerings which the welsh managed against england ?

‘ Everything had been geared towards winning today and only now and over the next two weeks will we be concentrating on the Twickenham game , ’ acknowledged Armstrong who had his usual superb display .
‘ everything had been geared towards winning today and only now and over the next two weeks will we be concentrating on the twickenham game , ’ acknowledged armstrong who had his usual superb [show] .

If Jess has attracted the lion 's share of publicity since his promotion to the national team , it was the man many believe will be his future Scotland partner , Ferguson , who caught the eye with a display of determined jumping and powerful running .
if jess has attracted the lion 's share of publicity since his promotion to the national team , it was the man many believe will be his future scotland partner , ferguson , who caught the eye with a [show] of determined jumping and powerful running .

Then display it in the nice rosewood frame above the mantelpiece in that new home you 're now too poor to furnish ?
then [show] it in the nice rosewood frame above the mantelpiece in that new home you 're now too poor to furnish ?

Daly , meanwhile , has paid tribute to Northern League Northallerton , who put up a battling display before being beaten 3–0 by the Conference club on Saturday .
daly , meanwhile , has paid tribute to northern league northallerton , who put up a battling [show] before being beaten 3–0 by the conference club on saturday .

By all accounts Saturday 's display ( it was not desertion of the cause but prior engagements which made it impossible to be there ) from the mighty Quakers was slightly better than the previous innocuous effort .
by all accounts saturday 's [show] ( it was not desertion of the cause but prior engagements which made it impossible to be there ) from the mighty quakers was slightly better than the previous innocuous effort .

Christmas plans were already in hand , said Mr Small , who hoped to rival the Gateshead MetroCentre with a stunning display of automated models .
christmas plans were already in hand , said mr small , who hoped to rival the gateshead metrocentre with a stunning [show] of automated models .

French Canadian Phillipe Laroche , Olympic gold medal winner in the aerial skiing display competition in Albertville last week , is one of many top ski acrobats who have braved the plastic ramp .
french canadian phillipe laroche , olympic gold medal winner in the aerial skiing [show] competition in albertville last week , is one of many top ski acrobats who have braved the plastic ramp .

The vehicles will be on display back in the car park , where class and individual winners will be announced .
the vehicles will be on [show] back in the car park , where class and individual winners will be announced .

Finally we are shown , among other things a small display of Celtic tokens , rather than coins or mites , which seem to have taken their inspiration from the gold stater hence status symbol ?
finally we are shown , among other things a small [show] of celtic tokens , rather than coins or mites , which seem to have taken their inspiration from the gold stater hence status symbol ?

We also , along with the Spennymoor Round Table , ensure that an impressive bonfire and fireworks display is held .
we also , along with the spennymoor round table , ensure that an impressive bonfire and fireworks [show] is held .

We also , along with the Spennymoor Round Table , ensure that an impressive bonfire and fireworks display is held .
we also , along with the spennymoor round table , ensure that an impressive bonfire and fireworks [show] is held .

Chris Willsden took over the Bay Horse , Hurworth , near Darlington on Monday and hopes to set up a display of the pub 's heritage .
chris willsden took over the bay horse , hurworth , near darlington on monday and hopes to set up a [show] of the pub 's heritage .

He had out-boxed , out-hit and out-manoeuvred Robshaw in an impressive display that brought a bit of light into the North-East 's nine-boy assault on the titles .
he had out-boxed , out-hit and out-manoeuvred robshaw in an impressive [show] that brought a bit of light into the north-east 's nine-boy assault on the titles .

Sue hopes the display of Louisa 's pictures there and in neighbouring villages will stir more memories of the eager young photographer , about whom very little is known .
sue hopes the [show] of louisa 's pictures there and in neighbouring villages will stir more memories of the eager young photographer , about whom very little is known .

The latest accolade is a display of her work at York 's Impressions Gallery .
the latest accolade is a [show] of her work at york 's impressions gallery .

He brought down 200 posters as well , of which our bairns counted just two on display ( Labour 138 , Plaid Cymru 16 , Conservative 0 ) during a constituency tour in the back of his Volvo .
he brought down 200 posters as well , of which our bairns counted just two on [show] ( labour 138 , plaid cymru 16 , conservative 0 ) during a constituency tour in the back of his volvo .

And he recalled those who had practised best , dressed them up , and sent them out into Rome 's most fashionable streets in procession , to advertise his productions — Turandot he preceded with an enormous Chinese display , dragons , lanterns , fluttering silks and banners — all around the city .
and he recalled those who had practised best , dressed them up , and sent them out into rome 's most fashionable streets in procession , to advertise his productions — turandot he preceded with an enormous chinese [show] , dragons , lanterns , fluttering silks and banners — all around the city .

At the French Institute in Randolph Crescent , Edinburgh , is a display of innovative recent photography from the contemporary art collection of Lower Normandy .
at the french institute in randolph crescent , edinburgh , is a [show] of innovative recent photography from the contemporary art collection of lower normandy .

Typical of this is the inclusion of intriguing work by the Frankfurt-born Karen Knorr , whose photographic examination of the ambiguities of connoisseurship is a high point of the display .
typical of this is the inclusion of intriguing work by the frankfurt-born karen knorr , whose photographic examination of the ambiguities of connoisseurship is a high point of the [show] .

‘ The architecture should display nothing trivial , but be of simple but noble arrangements , solid construction … and dignified aspect .
‘ the architecture should [show] nothing trivial , but be of simple but noble arrangements , solid construction … and dignified aspect .

In an inspired moment , Annie decided to ‘ tartan ’ up a dozen plates for a casual ‘ Gifts frae Scotland ’ display to match the plaid clad furniture and fabrics in the house .
in an inspired moment , annie decided to ‘ tartan ’ up a dozen plates for a casual ‘ gifts frae scotland ’ [show] to match the plaid clad furniture and fabrics in the house .

About £1 million has been raised for charity by the display and reproduction of the watercolours which the Prince of Wales has painted in recent years but the exhibition which opens to the public today is his first one-man show in Scotland .
about £1 million has been raised for charity by the [show] and reproduction of the watercolours which the prince of wales has painted in recent years but the exhibition which opens to the public today is his first one-man show in scotland .

Proceeds from the display of his work — estimated at £1 million — will go to the Prince 's Trust .
proceeds from the [show] of his work — estimated at £1 million — will go to the prince 's trust .

Transformed by cunning makeup and a virtuoso display of technical and emotional acting skill , her portrait of a frail but flinty island woman achieved its power by suggesting more than it said .
transformed by cunning makeup and a virtuoso [show] of technical and emotional acting skill , her portrait of a frail but flinty island woman achieved its power by suggesting more than it said .

Yesterday , the full programme was announced and a new poster put on display .
yesterday , the full programme was announced and a new poster put on [show] .

Diane Whiteley is superb as the good little girlfriend who is egged on to display her wares by her pathetic lover .
diane whiteley is superb as the good little girlfriend who is egged on to [show] her wares by her pathetic lover .

Fairbrother 's supreme tribute came in the wake of Wasim 's sensational display in the Benson and Hedges Cup triumph at Leicester where he grabbed five for two in nine balls .
fairbrother 's supreme tribute came in the wake of wasim 's sensational [show] in the benson and hedges cup triumph at leicester where he grabbed five for two in nine balls .

DeFreitas is under pressure for his Test place after a moderate display at Old Trafford .
defreitas is under pressure for his test place after a moderate [show] at old trafford .

Rush would dearly love to display his lethal finishing on a world stage , and there is every chance he will have that opportunity with teammates like Everton keeper Neville Southall and fellow front men Dean Saunders , Mark Hughes and Ryan Giggs .
rush would dearly love to [show] his lethal finishing on a world stage , and there is every chance he will have that opportunity with teammates like everton keeper neville southall and fellow front men dean saunders , mark hughes and ryan giggs .

Among other lots were : set of four Queen Anne style dining chairs , £155 ; reeded and inlaid mahogany twin pedestal dining table , £150 ; mahogany and glazed two-door china display cabinet , £125 ; carved walnut chest , £105 ; set three water colour drawings , ‘ Children ’ signed Muriel McKinley , £100 .
among other lots were : set of four queen anne style dining chairs , £155 ; reeded and inlaid mahogany twin pedestal dining table , £150 ; mahogany and glazed two-door china [show] cabinet , £125 ; carved walnut chest , £105 ; set three water colour drawings , ‘ children ’ signed muriel mckinley , £100 .

At Gibson & Dodds auction a Kingwood ormolu-mounted Vernis Martin display cabinet , went at £1,300 .
at gibson & dodds auction a kingwood ormolu-mounted vernis martin [show] cabinet , went at £1,300 .

In the second division Duncan Ormshaw produced a remarkable display for Golborne taking seven wickets for nine runs in eight overs to stun Haydock .
in the second division duncan ormshaw produced a remarkable [show] for golborne taking seven wickets for nine runs in eight overs to stun haydock .

How Gooch put on a display of naked courage
how gooch put on a [show] of naked courage

Scientists believe human laughter has an evolutionary origin and is linked with monkeys who grin and display the same shoulder-shaking signs .
scientists believe human laughter has an evolutionary origin and is linked with monkeys who grin and [show] the same shoulder-shaking signs .

Attractions include jazz bands , a punch and judy show , craft workshops and an outdoor display of visual arts .
attractions include jazz bands , a punch and judy show , craft workshops and an outdoor [show] of visual arts .

The Chair was officially handed over to the eisteddfod 's organisers yesterday and will go on display at the West Bromwich Building Society in Llanrwst .
the chair was officially handed over to the eisteddfod 's organisers yesterday and will go on [show] at the west bromwich building society in llanrwst .

The Natural History Art display features posters from last year 's Shell Poster Art Exhibition and paintings and prints from the company 's archive .
the natural history art [show] features posters from last year 's shell poster art exhibition and paintings and prints from the company 's archive .

To be fair , Down were fielding a scratch squad and goalkeeper Ashley Gibson was blameless as he denied Instonians at least half a dozen more goals with an outstanding display .
to be fair , down were fielding a scratch squad and goalkeeper ashley gibson was blameless as he denied instonians at least half a dozen more goals with an outstanding [show] .

After an opening 25 minutes of tedious football , Wright got to work with a magnificent solo display .
after an opening 25 minutes of tedious football , wright got to work with a magnificent solo [show] .

The pressure finally told when Champness converted East Grinstead 's tenth penalty corner , but it was a spirited performance from the young Holywood team and a not so impressive display from the visitors who were due to face Lisnagarvey this afternoon and Banbridge tomorrow at Blaris .
the pressure finally told when champness converted east grinstead 's tenth penalty corner , but it was a spirited performance from the young holywood team and a not so impressive [show] from the visitors who were due to face lisnagarvey this afternoon and banbridge tomorrow at blaris .

Eachus on Saturday gave a panic-stricken display against Glenavon , eventual winners by 6–1 .
eachus on saturday gave a panic-stricken [show] against glenavon , eventual winners by 6–1 .

Noon — 5pm arts and crafts display , Millview Centre , displays and sale , noon — 5pm Town Hall , bonny baby competition , town hall green , 3pm .
noon — 5pm arts and crafts [show] , millview centre , displays and sale , noon — 5pm town hall , bonny baby competition , town hall green , 3pm .

Gala Fireworks Display , Valley Leisure Centre , 8.30pm .
gala fireworks [show] , valley leisure centre , 8.30pm .

Terry 's top rank display
terry 's top rank [show]

Then McClure turned in another sparking display , assisted by solid leading from Ronnie Oliver to lift the pairs title .
then mcclure turned in another sparking [show] , assisted by solid leading from ronnie oliver to lift the pairs title .

The Lurgan side won back their confidence and respect in front of a big travelling support with a clinical display that included three goals of sheer class .
the lurgan side won back their confidence and respect in front of a big travelling support with a clinical [show] that included three goals of sheer class .

They took command late in the game , and a heroic display by Paul Mathers was needed to give his side even a share of the points .
they took command late in the game , and a heroic [show] by paul mathers was needed to give his side even a share of the points .

For while the Jags put on a polished professional display which deservedly earned them a point , Rangers produced a curate 's egg of a performance .
for while the jags put on a polished professional [show] which deservedly earned them a point , rangers produced a curate 's egg of a performance .

He is not the first to suffer Kenneth Orme of Walton was fined £700 for failing to show a 50p ‘ pay and display ’ ticket .
he is not the first to suffer kenneth orme of walton was fined £700 for failing to show a 50p ‘ pay and [show] ’ ticket .

Why not display it in its new position permanently , balancing it with the Northern Ireland banner on the other side of the dome ?
why not [show] it in its new position permanently , balancing it with the northern ireland banner on the other side of the dome ?

Ann has taught Medau for 14 years in both Essex and Surrey and has been a member of the National Display team and joint editor of the magazine .
ann has taught medau for 14 years in both essex and surrey and has been a member of the national [show] team and joint editor of the magazine .

We are proud to have four members of the National Display Team from the Tonbridge area , Jean Allen , Marie Collacott , Joan French and Joy Kidd .
we are proud to have four members of the national [show] team from the tonbridge area , jean allen , marie collacott , joan french and joy kidd .

It had been a long day — the children safely delivered to Grandma , the freezer full of food ( for a husband to cope on his own ) , leotards and tights packed along with all the other paraphernalia needed for a Medau display .
it had been a long day — the children safely delivered to grandma , the freezer full of food ( for a husband to cope on his own ) , leotards and tights packed along with all the other paraphernalia needed for a medau [show] .

The wide variety of display items was a pleasure to see ; the children had their own class and all three open classes were well filled .
the wide variety of [show] items was a pleasure to see ; the children had their own class and all three open classes were well filled .

Our heartiest congratulates go to Jean Parmiter and her 55+ Display Team , who represented us at the Age Concern Festival Movement at the Royal Albert Hall in November last year .
our heartiest congratulates go to jean parmiter and her 55+ [show] team , who represented us at the age concern festival movement at the royal albert hall in november last year .

Medau Blue featured large when we quizzed you on your views and the National Display Team wore Medau Blue at the last Reunion .
medau blue featured large when we quizzed you on your views and the national [show] team wore medau blue at the last reunion .

Betty Hartley ( Berkshire ) founder of Berkshire Display Team and always a popular teacher at Rallies and Reunions .
betty hartley ( berkshire ) founder of berkshire [show] team and always a popular teacher at rallies and reunions .

During the lunch break our sales table was well patronised and the impressive display of press articles and photographs were inspected and admired .
during the lunch break our sales table was well patronised and the impressive [show] of press articles and photographs were inspected and admired .

Cowboys fingered their rifles and got a right eyeful — of the feather and arrow display .
cowboys fingered their rifles and got a right eyeful — of the feather and arrow [show] .

Scott presided over his own elegant display of stamps and postcards ; while Christine probably had the most vital role of any that morning , for she had been asked to look after Vanity Fair , the visitors from London , and the sealed bids .
scott presided over his own elegant [show] of stamps and postcards ; while christine probably had the most vital role of any that morning , for she had been asked to look after vanity fair , the visitors from london , and the sealed bids .

Once again Things Past and Present made a colourful display in the Davidson Room .
once again things past and present made a colourful [show] in the davidson room .

As beggary the opening day highlights were Arthur Crawford 's stunning display of superb plants ( £278 ) and Scott Anderson 's artistic and clever presentation of stamps ( £177 ) .
as beggary the opening day highlights were arthur crawford 's stunning [show] of superb plants ( £278 ) and scott anderson 's artistic and clever presentation of stamps ( £177 ) .

All the teams taking part in the display programme showed exceptional versatility in costume colour and design , from the ‘ baseball team ’ look of the Teens in brilliant white sports suits , with crimson anklewarmers and belts , and using crimson balls to match , to the elegant handkerchiefpoint pink shaded skirts over navy leotards worn by the Essex team .
all the teams taking part in the [show] programme showed exceptional versatility in costume colour and design , from the ‘ baseball team ’ look of the teens in brilliant white sports suits , with crimson anklewarmers and belts , and using crimson balls to match , to the elegant handkerchiefpoint pink shaded skirts over navy leotards worn by the essex team .

Medau interested her enough for Olive to take part in our first training course and she was also a member of one of our early display teams .
medau interested her enough for olive to take part in our first training course and she was also a member of one of our early [show] teams .

Every year the mentally handicapped girls of St. Raphael 's Convent , Brentford , work hard to master and learn an item for their Christmas Display which is given for the Sisters of the Convent and nursing staff of the Infirmary , where the girls live .
every year the mentally handicapped girls of st. raphael 's convent , brentford , work hard to master and learn an item for their christmas [show] which is given for the sisters of the convent and nursing staff of the infirmary , where the girls live .

An exhibition of some of the work and research carried out by the University of Stirling was on display in the crush hall .
an exhibition of some of the work and research carried out by the university of stirling was on [show] in the crush hall .

An exhibition of University regalia was on display in the MacRoberts Arts Centre including : Silver gifts to the University , hoods representing degrees , Chancellors ' gowns and the mace .
an exhibition of university regalia was on [show] in the macroberts arts centre including : silver gifts to the university , hoods representing degrees , chancellors ' gowns and the mace .

Telepresence — Live interactive television links , supported by remote display of prerecorded material or by output from computers or laboratory equipment as appropriate , will allow academic and administrative meetings , lectures , seminars and demonstrations to take place with the participants at different geographical locations , saving time and travel costs and opening new opportunities for collaboration .
telepresence — live interactive television links , supported by remote [show] of prerecorded material or by output from computers or laboratory equipment as appropriate , will allow academic and administrative meetings , lectures , seminars and demonstrations to take place with the participants at different geographical locations , saving time and travel costs and opening new opportunities for collaboration .

We intend to develop a travelling ‘ Road Show ’ with display boards , videos , literature etc .
we intend to develop a travelling ‘ road show ’ with [show] boards , videos , literature etc .

Medau will be involved in a ‘ Come & Try It ’ session on Friday 3rd April ( please tell class members as lots of ‘ plants ’ will be very welcome ) and our National Display Team will be performing in the Extravaganza on Sunday 5th .
medau will be involved in a ‘ come & try it ’ session on friday 3rd april ( please tell class members as lots of ‘ plants ’ will be very welcome ) and our national [show] team will be performing in the extravaganza on sunday 5th .

will be co-ordinating the Display programme .
will be co-ordinating the [show] programme .

With the new classes starting now , it is a very good idea to take along some Medau Rhythmic Movement books to display at your class , particularly during the first weeks — new class members are often keen to know more about Medau and at £1.50 these books are very good value .
with the new classes starting now , it is a very good idea to take along some medau rhythmic movement books to [show] at your class , particularly during the first weeks — new class members are often keen to know more about medau and at £1.50 these books are very good value .

Stand up boards and backs are also available and are particularly useful for Membership notices , so you can always have one on display .
stand up boards and backs are also available and are particularly useful for membership notices , so you can always have one on [show] .

If there are any area display teams willing to perform at the Annual Reunion on Saturday 19th November to be held at Warwick Park School , please contact at , ,
if there are any area [show] teams willing to perform at the annual reunion on saturday 19th november to be held at warwick park school , please contact at , ,

If anyone requires official introductions — backing to negotiate halls — personalised promotional material or the use of display boards and/or video — please contact who will be delighted to help .
if anyone requires official introductions — backing to negotiate halls — personalised promotional material or the use of [show] boards and/or video — please contact who will be delighted to help .

will be co-ordinating the event and would appreciate all offers of help ( if only for short periods during the day ) Offers of display items to as soon as possible please .
will be co-ordinating the event and would appreciate all offers of help ( if only for short periods during the day ) offers of [show] items to as soon as possible please .

The National Display Team finished the session with a beautiful hoop item .
the national [show] team finished the session with a beautiful hoop item .

Quite early in life she decided she wanted to be a dancer and was entranced when she first saw Bode-Medau work while attending a display of various systems of rhythmic movement .
quite early in life she decided she wanted to be a dancer and was entranced when she first saw bode-medau work while attending a [show] of various systems of rhythmic movement .

She then trained at the Medau School under the talented Irmela Doebner and some months after qualifying decided to come to England , and with the help of a postgraduate at Cambridge arranged to give a display at Newham College .
she then trained at the medau school under the talented irmela doebner and some months after qualifying decided to come to england , and with the help of a postgraduate at cambridge arranged to give a [show] at newham college .

The auditions for the Celebrating Age Festival Team and the National Display Team were held successfully , and both teams are now rehearsing regularly and members getting to know one another .
the auditions for the celebrating age festival team and the national [show] team were held successfully , and both teams are now rehearsing regularly and members getting to know one another .

She was elected Chairman of Kent Teachers in 1982 and is currently Treasurer , she also coaches the Kent Display Team .
she was elected chairman of kent teachers in 1982 and is currently treasurer , she also coaches the kent [show] team .

Kent has achieved two rallies : one at Maidstone on 14 February organised by Chris Ruffle , with displays by the National Display Team and the Kent Team ; the other , with a membership drive , run by Elsie Streek and Joan Gatfield on the evening of 25 March at Grove Park .
kent has achieved two rallies : one at maidstone on 14 february organised by chris ruffle , with displays by the national [show] team and the kent team ; the other , with a membership drive , run by elsie streek and joan gatfield on the evening of 25 march at grove park .

Displays included the Junior Display Team 's fast-moving ‘ Wow !
displays included the junior [show] team 's fast-moving ‘ wow !

The National Display Team performed Betty Hartley 's ‘ Champagne Fizz ’ , and Vanessa Forbes , Janice Hewitt and Brenda Morgan provided comic relief with ‘ What shall we Teach them Tonight ?
the national [show] team performed betty hartley 's ‘ champagne fizz ’ , and vanessa forbes , janice hewitt and brenda morgan provided comic relief with ‘ what shall we teach them tonight ?

We were grateful that skilful programming precluded any of us from finding ourselves in the wrong session ! However we were most interested to watch the girls at work one evening when they put on a display for us .
we were grateful that skilful programming precluded any of us from finding ourselves in the wrong session ! however we were most interested to watch the girls at work one evening when they put on a [show] for us .

We shall also be supported by the National Display Team and teams from Essex , Herts , Kent and Surrey and we are grateful for the contributions .
we shall also be supported by the national [show] team and teams from essex , herts , kent and surrey and we are grateful for the contributions .

Last summer , following on from our display at the Royal Norfolk Show , we participated in a Festival to celebrate the Diamond Jubilee of the Norfolk Federation of Women 's Institutes .
last summer , following on from our [show] at the royal norfolk show , we participated in a festival to celebrate the diamond jubilee of the norfolk federation of women 's institutes .

Melbourne College celebrated its 25th Anniversary and Jean Moss 's Medau Class gave a mini display in an Open Evening 's programme .
melbourne college celebrated its 25th anniversary and jean moss 's medau class gave a mini [show] in an open evening 's programme .

Class members were sad , but Betty exchanged her ‘ Teacher 's Hat ’ for that of ‘ Active Class Member ’ so that wonderful bubbly personality is still with us , and she remains choreographer to our own Display Team .
class members were sad , but betty exchanged her ‘ teacher 's hat ’ for that of ‘ active class member ’ so that wonderful bubbly personality is still with us , and she remains choreographer to our own [show] team .

Our Display Team flourishes under Betty 's guidance , performing at several Rallies including our own and at one for the Women 's League of Health & Beauty .
our [show] team flourishes under betty 's guidance , performing at several rallies including our own and at one for the women 's league of health & beauty .

Display Teams from Berks and Surrey arrived at Oak Park Community School , Havant , on The Day , meeting up with slightly apprehensive teams from Chichester and Cosham .
[show] teams from berks and surrey arrived at oak park community school , havant , on the day , meeting up with slightly apprehensive teams from chichester and cosham .

However , with Jean Parmiter and Ann Langford teaching things were soon under way and the Display Items went down very well .
however , with jean parmiter and ann langford teaching things were soon under way and the [show] items went down very well .

During the novel Lady Bertrmm and Sir Thomas never display a great deal of affection towards one another .
during the novel lady bertrmm and sir thomas never [show] a great deal of affection towards one another .

The afternoon 's programme will consist of Open Classes , a class for older children and one for mothers and Toddlers , all this followed by a full display programme .
the afternoon 's programme will consist of open classes , a class for older children and one for mothers and toddlers , all this followed by a full [show] programme .

strung above the ceiling for display purposes , came crashing down upon the team .
strung above the ceiling for [show] purposes , came crashing down upon the team .

Antony then concludes the first part of his speech with an impressive display of emotion .
antony then concludes the first part of his speech with an impressive [show] of emotion .

Our Youth Team in gleaming white catsuits with red trim and legwarmers , performing a fast-moving ball item , brought pride to many hearts , and our senior Display Team made tremendous impact in ‘ Spring Tide ’ , depicting its ebb and flow with hoop dexterity , fine footwork and beautifully sustained movement — so elegant and graceful in especially designed Medau Blue catsuits .
our youth team in gleaming white catsuits with red trim and legwarmers , performing a fast-moving ball item , brought pride to many hearts , and our senior [show] team made tremendous impact in ‘ spring tide ’ , depicting its ebb and flow with hoop dexterity , fine footwork and beautifully sustained movement — so elegant and graceful in especially designed medau blue catsuits .

This will be followed by the display programme and then we are planning a sponsored event which can be as a family team , with Mum , children and husband/grannie/auntie or a group of friends — each team of four plus one must have a ball .
this will be followed by the [show] programme and then we are planning a sponsored event which can be as a family team , with mum , children and husband/grannie/auntie or a group of friends — each team of four plus one must have a ball .

Guest teacher was Joan Daniels , and we thank Kent display team for joining us despite the miserable weather .
guest teacher was joan daniels , and we thank kent [show] team for joining us despite the miserable weather .

Our Rally was just super — more people than before — But what they did n't know was that they had a treat in store : The National Display Team came for the afternoon To show their special item — we were all over the moon !
our rally was just super — more people than before — but what they did n't know was that they had a treat in store : the national [show] team came for the afternoon to show their special item — we were all over the moon !

For the past two years she has been Chairman of the ‘ Kent Teachers ’ and has also been a member of the Kent display Team since 1976 .
for the past two years she has been chairman of the ‘ kent teachers ’ and has also been a member of the kent [show] team since 1976 .

In April Elsie Streek and Myrtle Mott entertained elderly and disabled people with a day of movement and display organised by Thameside Institute ; this was followed a few days later by an afternoon with the Woolwich Salvation Army Group .
in april elsie streek and myrtle mott entertained elderly and disabled people with a day of movement and [show] organised by thameside institute ; this was followed a few days later by an afternoon with the woolwich salvation army group .

’ said Isambard , turning Harry about in his hands to display him to them all , and taking him by the chin to jerk up his face to the light when he turned it haughtily aside .
’ said isambard , turning harry about in his hands to [show] him to them all , and taking him by the chin to jerk up his face to the light when he turned it haughtily aside .

Table 10.2 shows such a display for a robin population .
table 10.2 shows such a [show] for a robin population .

No fuss , no display , but you could see she did .
no fuss , no [show] , but you could see she did .

‘ Ma certainly did n't bother to display my final report anywhere , ’ was all Daphne had to say on the subject .
‘ ma certainly did n't bother to [show] my final report anywhere , ’ was all daphne had to say on the subject .

New window display and everything .
new window [show] and everything .

‘ The museum itself has a representative display of locally produced lustred earthenwares .
‘ the museum itself has a representative [show] of locally produced lustred earthenwares .

Their village post office has helped by providing them with a window display of Wild Thing models .
their village post office has helped by providing them with a window [show] of wild thing models .

Display manager John Birch said the complaint could have arisen because the store was using some male dummies for the first time in several years .
[show] manager john birch said the complaint could have arisen because the store was using some male dummies for the first time in several years .

Stockton Folk Group dance display section meets Elmwood Community Centre , Hartburn , Stockton , 8pm .
stockton folk group dance [show] section meets elmwood community centre , hartburn , stockton , 8pm .

Toys from the past range from speedboats to fire engines , farm animals to steam engines , with a nearby display of prams and pushchairs for dolls and their owners .
toys from the past range from speedboats to fire engines , farm animals to steam engines , with a nearby [show] of prams and pushchairs for dolls and their owners .

What they thought of his gross display of wealth is easily imagined .
what they thought of his gross [show] of wealth is easily imagined .

As a centenary project perhaps it will consider mounting a major display on the flip side of the Bowes legacy the despoiled Durham countryside , and the heroic efforts still being made to repair the damage .
as a centenary project perhaps it will consider mounting a major [show] on the flip side of the bowes legacy the despoiled durham countryside , and the heroic efforts still being made to repair the damage .

Police have put on display a number of items found on a man arrested by a special patrol at Llandudno in the early hours of yesterday morning in the hope that the owners can be traced .
police have put on [show] a number of items found on a man arrested by a special patrol at llandudno in the early hours of yesterday morning in the hope that the owners can be traced .

She told the council 's cemeteries and crematorium consultative committee she was a regular visitor and the items being placed in the chapel of remembrance made it look like a shop display .
she told the council 's cemeteries and crematorium consultative committee she was a regular visitor and the items being placed in the chapel of remembrance made it look like a shop [show] .

‘ Since the collapse of the Warsaw Pact , and the removal of the perceived threat for which our defences can be specifically tailored , it is considered that now , more than ever , the navy needs to display the ability to react swiftly and with great flexibility , in any number of roles . ’
‘ since the collapse of the warsaw pact , and the removal of the perceived threat for which our defences can be specifically tailored , it is considered that now , more than ever , the navy needs to [show] the ability to react swiftly and with great flexibility , in any number of roles . ’

There they will be treated to displays of close manoeuvring by the Task Group , Royal Marines rapid roping teams in action and an aerial display by Sea Harrier , Sea King and Lynx Aircraft .
there they will be treated to displays of close manoeuvring by the task group , royal marines rapid roping teams in action and an aerial [show] by sea harrier , sea king and lynx aircraft .

One of the items available from the display was a simple measure to ensure that all spirits drunk at home are singles .
one of the items available from the [show] was a simple measure to ensure that all spirits drunk at home are singles .

Using Welsh lamb he created an eye-catching display in a domed circular cabinet for which he received the Three Countries Gold Medal and a cheque for £500 .
using welsh lamb he created an eye-catching [show] in a domed circular cabinet for which he received the three countries gold medal and a cheque for £500 .

Council officers in Sefton now plan a clamp-down after a survey in the borough found retailers have been flouting the law by selling tobacco to under 16s and failing to display the statutory notices .
council officers in sefton now plan a clamp-down after a survey in the borough found retailers have been flouting the law by selling tobacco to under 16s and failing to [show] the statutory notices .

Master butcher Howard Callaghan returned from picking up an award for a pork window display to discover the plate glass front of the shop blown away .
master butcher howard callaghan returned from picking up an award for a pork window [show] to discover the plate glass front of the shop blown away .

More than 100 vessels will take to the Mersey on June 20 when there will also be an air display over the river .
more than 100 vessels will take to the mersey on june 20 when there will also be an air [show] over the river .

Dressed in authentic costumes , enacting the part of rogues in a street brawl , they playfully put on a display of fisticuffs to show the system of fines in the 1600s .
dressed in authentic costumes , enacting the part of rogues in a street brawl , they playfully put on a [show] of fisticuffs to show the system of fines in the 1600s .

Beaten 6–3 , 6–3 in their previous encounter , 6ft 5ins tall Ainley , a former Hampshire County choice , avenged himself with a superb display to take the title at the fourth attempt with a 6–2 , 6–1 win .
beaten 6–3 , 6–3 in their previous encounter , 6ft 5ins tall ainley , a former hampshire county choice , avenged himself with a superb [show] to take the title at the fourth attempt with a 6–2 , 6–1 win .

Rail display :
rail [show] :

Rail display :
rail [show] :

Visitors to the town 's Botanic Centre at Acklam saw a display of enviro-art created by Acklam Grange School .
visitors to the town 's botanic centre at acklam saw a [show] of enviro-art created by acklam grange school .

The youngster 's display was the only plus in a 2–1 defeat ; Ellison missed a penalty when the scores were level , and Mitch Cook was sent off for swearing at a linesman ironically Pickering scored his first goal for the club when Quakers were down to ten men .
the youngster 's [show] was the only plus in a 2–1 defeat ; ellison missed a penalty when the scores were level , and mitch cook was sent off for swearing at a linesman ironically pickering scored his first goal for the club when quakers were down to ten men .

The event in Acklam will include a display of free-fall parachuting by the famous Black Lanyards Team , Lingdale Silver Band and a bouncy castle .
the event in acklam will include a [show] of free-fall parachuting by the famous black lanyards team , lingdale silver band and a bouncy castle .

It will be followed by a short concert by the Band of the Royal Air Force Regiment in Friary Gardens and a children 's dancing display .
it will be followed by a short concert by the band of the royal air force regiment in friary gardens and a children 's dancing [show] .

Textile display :
textile [show] :

British Cactus and Succulent Society plant stall and display , Settlement , Community Centre , St Paul 's Road , off Union Street .
british cactus and succulent society plant stall and [show] , settlement , community centre , st paul 's road , off union street .

‘ It is only when the full transfer is granted that the applicant is eligible to display their name above the door , ’ Mr Parry explained .
‘ it is only when the full transfer is granted that the applicant is eligible to [show] their name above the door , ’ mr parry explained .

There are Billie-Jean King 's skills on display and that magical moment when Virginia Wade finally won the title for Britain .
there are billie-jean king 's skills on [show] and that magical moment when virginia wade finally won the title for britain .

Traders must display a notice banning sales to under 16 year olds .
traders must [show] a notice banning sales to under 16 year olds .

Master Butcher Howard Callaghan and shop manager Alan Dean who had picked up first prize for an impressive window display in a competition in Harrogate on Monday , spent yesterday cleaning up the mess .
master butcher howard callaghan and shop manager alan dean who had picked up first prize for an impressive window [show] in a competition in harrogate on monday , spent yesterday cleaning up the mess .

He justified the faith shown in him with a storming display , and Lions coach Ian McGeechan said : ‘ It was never a gamble .
he justified the faith shown in him with a storming [show] , and lions coach ian mcgeechan said : ‘ it was never a gamble .

The World Rugby Sevens Cup , won by England this winter , will be on display at the Oval at about noon on Sunday .
the world rugby sevens cup , won by england this winter , will be on [show] at the oval at about noon on sunday .

Billy Hardy , Sunderland 's Commonwealth featherweight champion , produced an accomplished display of boxing to dispose of Mexico 's Angel Fernandez in Hemel Hempstead last night .
billy hardy , sunderland 's commonwealth featherweight champion , produced an accomplished [show] of boxing to dispose of mexico 's angel fernandez in hemel hempstead last night .

Alan Exley of Grainger Park also laid on a great display , his coolness , footwork and left jab dominating his middleweight semi-final against Sunderland 's Steve Bellfield .
alan exley of grainger park also laid on a great [show] , his coolness , footwork and left jab dominating his middleweight semi-final against sunderland 's steve bellfield .

Horden full back Gary Ellis gave a faultless kicking display , converting five tries by Mark Withan , Paul Priestley ( 2 ) and Ian Grint plus a penalty try , and adding four penalties .
horden full back gary ellis gave a faultless kicking [show] , converting five tries by mark withan , paul priestley ( 2 ) and ian grint plus a penalty try , and adding four penalties .

Fletcher 's fine display may prove just too good for manager Ray McHale to ignore with the Seasiders desperate for a return to winning ways .
fletcher 's fine [show] may prove just too good for manager ray mchale to ignore with the seasiders desperate for a return to winning ways .

Former Middlesbrough defender Owen McGee was the pick of the new boys and McHale must be hoping the trialist can repeat his debut display .
former middlesbrough defender owen mcgee was the pick of the new boys and mchale must be hoping the trialist can repeat his debut [show] .

In a brilliant display of hitting he harried Parsons unmercifully .
in a brilliant [show] of hitting he harried parsons unmercifully .

There must be improvement from this run , and the display at Ashton Gate , for a play-off challenge .
there must be improvement from this run , and the [show] at ashton gate , for a play-off challenge .

Guest speaker at the convention was Alwyn Peel , of the Yorkshire Philatelic Association , who gave a display about captain Cook .
guest speaker at the convention was alwyn peel , of the yorkshire philatelic association , who gave a [show] about captain cook .

Newcastle produced a lacklustre display at Morley , going down 26–20 after being 19–3 down at half-time with only a David Johnson penalty to show for their efforts .
newcastle produced a lacklustre [show] at morley , going down 26–20 after being 19–3 down at half-time with only a david johnson penalty to show for their efforts .

Slater , the Wolves captain , was booed when he received the Cup ‘ a deplorable display of bad manners ’ reported The Northern and Howley and Wanderers manager Stan Cullis were pelted with orange peel , Munich , he thinks , marked the end of one era ; Wembley 1960 signalled the beginning of another .
slater , the wolves captain , was booed when he received the cup ‘ a deplorable [show] of bad manners ’ reported the northern and howley and wanderers manager stan cullis were pelted with orange peel , munich , he thinks , marked the end of one era ; wembley 1960 signalled the beginning of another .

The best game of the day could very well be at Hartlepool where a hard fast track awaits the stroke players of both sides and two top class spinners will be on display .
the best game of the day could very well be at hartlepool where a hard fast track awaits the stroke players of both sides and two top class spinners will be on [show] .

One Middlesbrough cinema manager , worried that the title might baffle or mislead his patrons , added a handwritten ‘ Gold Diggers ’ to it on the display bills supplied .
one middlesbrough cinema manager , worried that the title might baffle or mislead his patrons , added a handwritten ‘ gold diggers ’ to it on the [show] bills supplied .

Their confidence shattered , Darlington batsmen turned in another dismal display at home to Hartlepool in a game which they lost by seven wickets .
their confidence shattered , darlington batsmen turned in another dismal [show] at home to hartlepool in a game which they lost by seven wickets .

The photographic display , due to open in Darlington next month , examines the way in which lesbians have been represented in film , fiction and erotica .
the photographic [show] , due to open in darlington next month , examines the way in which lesbians have been represented in film , fiction and erotica .

Outraged Tory Peter Jones has called on fellow borough councillors to ban on the exhibition which is set to go on display at the town 's Arts Centre .
outraged tory peter jones has called on fellow borough councillors to ban on the exhibition which is set to go on [show] at the town 's arts centre .

Organisers said the display by Cambridge Darkroom , entitled Stolen Glances was ‘ amusing ’ but admitted that some people may consider the subject matter unsuitable for young children .
organisers said the [show] by cambridge darkroom , entitled stolen glances was ‘ amusing ’ but admitted that some people may consider the subject matter unsuitable for young children .

The photographic display called Stolen Glances examines the way in which lesbians have been represented in film , fiction and erotica .
the photographic [show] called stolen glances examines the way in which lesbians have been represented in film , fiction and erotica .

He has labelled the display ‘ a cheap freakshow which could corrupt our children ’ .
he has labelled the [show] ‘ a cheap freakshow which could corrupt our children ’ .

Some critics have labelled such shows a huge con but , according to Arts Centre spokeswoman Alison Lister , the display has received a warm welcome in Darlington .
some critics have labelled such shows a huge con but , according to arts centre spokeswoman alison lister , the [show] has received a warm welcome in darlington .

Claro Marine Modellers give a free display of model and sail boats , Boating Pond , Valley Gardens , Harrogate , 10.30am .
claro marine modellers give a free [show] of model and sail boats , boating pond , valley gardens , harrogate , 10.30am .

Conservative borough councillor Bill Stenson has called for the display at Darlington Arts Centre to be removed after receiving complaints .
conservative borough councillor bill stenson has called for the [show] at darlington arts centre to be removed after receiving complaints .

At the moment the 26-yearold has a display at the Marsh Gallery in New Romney in Kent .
at the moment the 26-yearold has a [show] at the marsh gallery in new romney in kent .

If the blasting of Bristol City is anything to go by the United fans are in for a high old time … a dazzling display from Chris Allen … two penalties from Jimmy Magilton … and first for Alex Dyer was just the sort of start that manager 's dream about …
if the blasting of bristol city is anything to go by the united fans are in for a high old time … a dazzling [show] from chris allen … two penalties from jimmy magilton … and first for alex dyer was just the sort of start that manager 's dream about …

If the blasting of Bristol City is anything to go by the United fans are in for a high old time … a dazzling display from Chris Allen … two penalties from Jimmy Magilton … and first for Alex Dyer was just the sort of start that manager 's dream about …
if the blasting of bristol city is anything to go by the united fans are in for a high old time … a dazzling [show] from chris allen … two penalties from jimmy magilton … and first for alex dyer was just the sort of start that manager 's dream about …

‘ Our policy has always been to look after our customers , not alone supplying them with greeting cards , but also providing them with the back-up services , such as merchandising , advertising material and general advice on how to lay out an effective display , ’ he added .
‘ our policy has always been to look after our customers , not alone supplying them with greeting cards , but also providing them with the back-up services , such as merchandising , advertising material and general advice on how to lay out an effective [show] , ’ he added .

But three ordinary people with very different lifestyles are about to display theirs in public .
but three ordinary people with very different lifestyles are about to [show] theirs in public .

Mills , who 's unemployed and lives in Oxford was arrested twelve days after he ran down Miss Deeley , after a joyriding display in Oxford .
mills , who 's unemployed and lives in oxford was arrested twelve days after he ran down miss deeley , after a joyriding [show] in oxford .

An onlooker captured Christopher Claridge 's last moments on video as he took part in a parachute display at Eastnor Castle last August .
an onlooker captured christopher claridge 's last moments on video as he took part in a parachute [show] at eastnor castle last august .

For the only produce safely gathered in and on display around the pulpit will be — honey .
for the only produce safely gathered in and on [show] around the pulpit will be — honey .

The ancient craft of coppicing will help rare wildplants to grow , and bring a spectacular display of bluebells in the spring .
the ancient craft of coppicing will help rare wildplants to grow , and bring a spectacular [show] of bluebells in the spring .

Fed up with turkey at Christmas ? Looking for something new ? Well how about a wild boar , or even a few snails ? They were just a few suggestions on display at a Christmas food festival , and traders are proud to say that they 're all produced locally .
fed up with turkey at christmas ? looking for something new ? well how about a wild boar , or even a few snails ? they were just a few suggestions on [show] at a christmas food festival , and traders are proud to say that they 're all produced locally .

The pictures go on display at leisure centres this week in a bid to encourage residents and businesses to reduce the city 's annual heating bill .
the pictures go on [show] at leisure centres this week in a bid to encourage residents and businesses to reduce the city 's annual heating bill .

Gray , for instance , looks a class act and although last night 's display was not his most dynamic in a green shirt he marked it with a goal of sheer quality .
gray , for instance , looks a class act and although last night 's [show] was not his most dynamic in a green shirt he marked it with a goal of sheer quality .

Right back Gary Fleming 's renaissance at international level is now complete , exemplified by another purposeful display .
right back gary fleming 's renaissance at international level is now complete , exemplified by another purposeful [show] .

Despite their smooth progress in both domestic cup competitions , Linfield have failed to recapture last season 's championship-winning form , their inspired display against Dinamo Tbilisi apart .
despite their smooth progress in both domestic cup competitions , linfield have failed to recapture last season 's championship-winning form , their inspired [show] against dinamo tbilisi apart .

Saturday 's display is one the largest regular fireworks shows in the province and marks the start of the centre 's winter programme of leisure activities .
saturday 's [show] is one the largest regular fireworks shows in the province and marks the start of the centre 's winter programme of leisure activities .

Admission to the display is free .
admission to the [show] is free .

Exactly the same model as the Sir Samuel Kelly lifeboat , which for many years served Donaghadee , and which is now on display in the town , the 38-year-old Isles of Scilly lifeboat had an illustrious record of saving lives before her retirement in 1981 .
exactly the same model as the sir samuel kelly lifeboat , which for many years served donaghadee , and which is now on [show] in the town , the 38-year-old isles of scilly lifeboat had an illustrious record of saving lives before her retirement in 1981 .

Almost two years ' preparations culminated with a magnificent floral display , a beating the retreat ceremony and thanksgiving services , along with an opera , performed in the grounds of the old abbey .
almost two years ' preparations culminated with a magnificent floral [show] , a beating the retreat ceremony and thanksgiving services , along with an opera , performed in the grounds of the old abbey .

And there 's no shortage of fake goods on display to tempt shoppers with tight budgets .
and there 's no shortage of fake goods on [show] to tempt shoppers with tight budgets .

The official report from the Department of Transport says experienced display pilots felt ’ the aircraft was being flown in a spirited but not unreasonable manner … but they agreed that the entry speed was insufficient for a full loop .
the official report from the department of transport says experienced [show] pilots felt ’ the aircraft was being flown in a spirited but not unreasonable manner … but they agreed that the entry speed was insufficient for a full loop .

They are on display at the Playhouse Theatre in Oxford to accompany the current stage production .
they are on [show] at the playhouse theatre in oxford to accompany the current stage production .

We 're going to an organised display .
we 're going to an organised [show] .

Do n't mess about with fireworks and always let an adult light them if you 're going for a small family display .
do n't mess about with fireworks and always let an adult light them if you 're going for a small family [show] .

You 'd never be able to mount a display like this in your back garden .
you 'd never be able to mount a [show] like this in your back garden .

There 's enough explosive power in a really big display to make the twenty kegs of powder Guy Fawkes planted below the Houses of Parliament look like a damp roman candle .
there 's enough explosive power in a really big [show] to make the twenty kegs of powder guy fawkes planted below the houses of parliament look like a damp roman candle .

He says that this is a basic ’ 'Bye ’ sign , for the end of a display , this part of the job is quite artistic .
he says that this is a basic ’ 'bye ’ sign , for the end of a [show] , this part of the job is quite artistic .

In your garden display , fireworks have just a few grams of explosive in them .
in your garden [show] , fireworks have just a few grams of explosive in them .

But this is by no means the biggest , in a recent Japanese display a mortar which weighed three quarters of a ton and had a diameter of four feet was let off .
but this is by no means the biggest , in a recent japanese [show] a mortar which weighed three quarters of a ton and had a diameter of four feet was let off .

The forty seven year old aircraft failed to come out of a loop during a flying display at Woodford aerodrome near Manchester in June .
the forty seven year old aircraft failed to come out of a loop during a flying [show] at woodford aerodrome near manchester in june .

Most of the display has never been used in anger , or self defence .
most of the [show] has never been used in anger , or self defence .

There will also be a display of the latest technological breakthroughs , including a video caption decoder , fire alarms and a vibrating alarm clock .
there will also be a [show] of the latest technological breakthroughs , including a video caption decoder , fire alarms and a vibrating alarm clock .

The company dates back to the so-called Ever-sharp pencil invented in 1915 , through to a 1960s desktop computer and now a liquid crystal television display .
the company dates back to the so-called ever-sharp pencil invented in 1915 , through to a 1960s desktop computer and now a liquid crystal television [show] .

Others still display similar ignorance .
others still [show] similar ignorance .

The premises , which occupy a corner site in a prime front of the road position , are bright and spacious , creating a most pleasant environment for the display of the many properties offered for sale by the Finaghy branch .
the premises , which occupy a corner site in a prime front of the road position , are bright and spacious , creating a most pleasant environment for the [show] of the many properties offered for sale by the finaghy branch .

Mrs Armstrong said most of the crowd of 300 spectators were ‘ very calm ’ despite what happened , and after a brief interruption organisers continued with the display .
mrs armstrong said most of the crowd of 300 spectators were ‘ very calm ’ despite what happened , and after a brief interruption organisers continued with the [show] .

The Lurgan side won back their confidence and respect in front of a big travelling support with a clinical display that included three goals of sheer class .
the lurgan side won back their confidence and respect in front of a big travelling support with a clinical [show] that included three goals of sheer class .

But Arsenal began to display some of the tidy , organised football that had brought them four consecutive victories and they were rewarded with a superb equaliser 16 minutes from time when Campbell latched onto Martin Keown 's long pass , ghosted past two defenders and hammered the ball home .
but arsenal began to [show] some of the tidy , organised football that had brought them four consecutive victories and they were rewarded with a superb equaliser 16 minutes from time when campbell latched onto martin keown 's long pass , ghosted past two defenders and hammered the ball home .

Robert Dunlop won the 125 race and Jeremy McWilliams produced a superb display on the Millar Grand Prix Yamaha .
robert dunlop won the 125 race and jeremy mcwilliams produced a superb [show] on the millar grand prix yamaha .

Gallagher , a third year student at the University of Ulster at Jordanstown , first captured the sporting headlines two seasons ago with a stunning display in the championship , against Antrim at Casement Park .
gallagher , a third year student at the university of ulster at jordanstown , first captured the sporting headlines two seasons ago with a stunning [show] in the championship , against antrim at casement park .

Ireland missed a hatful of opportunities yesterday , as did the French , who were constantly foiled by a magnificent display of goalkeeping from Cork Harlequins player Ivan Bateman .
ireland missed a hatful of opportunities yesterday , as did the french , who were constantly foiled by a magnificent [show] of goalkeeping from cork harlequins player ivan bateman .

They took command late in the game , and a heroic display by Paul Mathers was needed to give his side even a share of the points .
they took command late in the game , and a heroic [show] by paul mathers was needed to give his side even a share of the points .

Constables Tim Hurley and Tracy Beeching were going to investigate a joyriding display in Blackbird Leys when they ran into an ambush .
constables tim hurley and tracy beeching were going to investigate a joyriding [show] in blackbird leys when they ran into an ambush .

Today it 's on display at the Gloucester museum .
today it 's on [show] at the gloucester museum .

The rucksack was part of a store display .
the rucksack was part of a store [show] .

The medals were never on display in Headington and Kevin never heard his father tell the story of his award .
the medals were never on [show] in headington and kevin never heard his father tell the story of his award .

So far from being , as you might at first glance suspect , a wanton display of Milton 's monstrous learning , it 's a piece of triumphant relevance .
so far from being , as you might at first glance suspect , a wanton [show] of milton 's monstrous learning , it 's a piece of triumphant relevance .

We have this morning put up a small display in the central library in Westgate , where people can pick up a leaflet er which summarises what she says and also consult if they wish , the whole report , it 's in the reference library .
we have this morning put up a small [show] in the central library in westgate , where people can pick up a leaflet er which summarises what she says and also consult if they wish , the whole report , it 's in the reference library .

er Summer of nineteen forty is the fifty year er commemoration of the Battle of Britain , er and this began as a book display and spread outwards , out of the library and along the high street .
er summer of nineteen forty is the fifty year er commemoration of the battle of britain , er and this began as a book [show] and spread outwards , out of the library and along the high street .

Oxford United 's manager , Brian Horton , watched his side put on another disappointing display in their three nil defeat at Barnsley .
oxford united 's manager , brian horton , watched his side put on another disappointing [show] in their three nil defeat at barnsley .

In another display , the sets form a circle round the visitor in a sculptor originally intended to be outside on Dartmoor .
in another [show] , the sets form a circle round the visitor in a sculptor originally intended to be outside on dartmoor .

From today , people parking their cars at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford will have to pay and display .
from today , people parking their cars at the john radcliffe hospital in oxford will have to pay and [show] .

Proposals to ease traffic congestion at one of the region 's notorious blackspots will go on display to the public later today .
proposals to ease traffic congestion at one of the region 's notorious blackspots will go on [show] to the public later today .

The display we 've seen over the last night would have been quite average for Scotland and Northern Ireland but this far south in Oxford it was quite spectacular .
the [show] we 've seen over the last night would have been quite average for scotland and northern ireland but this far south in oxford it was quite spectacular .

Well it 's raining tonight , but if they keep a good look out over the next year , because the sun 's particularly active now , then they may get a chance of seeing another display .
well it 's raining tonight , but if they keep a good look out over the next year , because the sun 's particularly active now , then they may get a chance of seeing another [show] .

As was typical of nineteenth and early twentieth century food retailing , foods were on open display on shop counters , in open windows and on the stalls outside , where food was exposed to the dirt and dust thrown up from the street .
as was typical of nineteenth and early twentieth century food retailing , foods were on open [show] on shop counters , in open windows and on the stalls outside , where food was exposed to the dirt and dust thrown up from the street .

Even cards and tickets used for advertising purposes were under tight control and under the Paper Control Order it was not permissable to display cards directly related to furthering the sale of goods .
even cards and tickets used for advertising purposes were under tight control and under the paper control order it was not permissable to [show] cards directly related to furthering the sale of goods .

Bonaventure grinned in a fine display of pink gums and sharp ivory teeth .
bonaventure grinned in a fine [show] of pink gums and sharp ivory teeth .

It opened its mouth , growling deep in its throat in a display of wickedly sharp teeth .
it opened its mouth , growling deep in its throat in a [show] of wickedly sharp teeth .

Arriving there at ll.3Oam we had time for a browse around before our Ploughman 's lunch , after which we watched a delightful display of flying owls .
arriving there at ll.3oam we had time for a browse around before our ploughman 's lunch , after which we watched a delightful [show] of flying owls .

There was also a display of huge shire horses , so beautifully groomed .
there was also a [show] of huge shire horses , so beautifully groomed .

On the side of the store are display cabinets built into the wall .
on the side of the store are [show] cabinets built into the wall .

Matthew Smith , evening display assistant London Road , was one of the thousands of people who ran the NutraSweet London Marathon on April 18 .
matthew smith , evening [show] assistant london road , was one of the thousands of people who ran the nutrasweet london marathon on april 18 .

Teesside display hits the road
teesside [show] hits the road

The bus is fully equipped with video facilities , computer , electric display equipment and exhibition boards .
the bus is fully equipped with video facilities , computer , electric [show] equipment and exhibition boards .

This information is transmitted to Billingham 's River Tees monitoring centre where visual display units and alarms will give an early warning to staff if something is wrong .
this information is transmitted to billingham 's river tees monitoring centre where visual [show] units and alarms will give an early warning to staff if something is wrong .

The three exhibitions on view during the period of the Survey were : ( a ) Thomas Carlyle 1795–1881 ( the Library 's major summer exhibition for 1981 ) , in the Main Exhibition Room ; ( b ) Somhairle MacGill-Eain/Sorley MacLean , in the Annexe to the Exhibition Room ; ( c ) ‘ The Strathspey King ’ : James Scott Skinner , in the display cases of the Front Hall , outside the Exhibition Room proper .
the three exhibitions on view during the period of the survey were : ( a ) thomas carlyle 1795–1881 ( the library 's major summer exhibition for 1981 ) , in the main exhibition room ; ( b ) somhairle macgill-eain/sorley maclean , in the annexe to the exhibition room ; ( c ) ‘ the strathspey king ’ : james scott skinner , in the [show] cases of the front hall , outside the exhibition room proper .

The display features a time-tunnel showing the changes which have taken place in the Royal DutchShell group 's shipping arm over the last century .
the [show] features a time-tunnel showing the changes which have taken place in the royal dutchshell group 's shipping arm over the last century .

It was the classic away display , full of the sort of qualities managers and coaches like to rattle on about in training all week : Tranmere were disciplined , organised and sharp .
it was the classic away [show] , full of the sort of qualities managers and coaches like to rattle on about in training all week : tranmere were disciplined , organised and sharp .

This week , his first professional work goes on display at Manchester 's Opera House with his £300,000 designs for the Birmingham Royal Ballet 's Romeo and Juliet .
this week , his first professional work goes on [show] at manchester 's opera house with his £300,000 designs for the birmingham royal ballet 's romeo and juliet .

Rosenthal has returned to Israel for a World Cup qualifying game against Sweden and will miss the third round replay , a blow to Liverpool after Saturday 's display .
rosenthal has returned to israel for a world cup qualifying game against sweden and will miss the third round replay , a blow to liverpool after saturday 's [show] .

The day had been planned as a display of condemnation of the recent wave of neo-Nazi attacks on foreigners and Holocaust memorials .
the day had been planned as a [show] of condemnation of the recent wave of neo-nazi attacks on foreigners and holocaust memorials .

Modern pressures have ensured that today 's youngsters have far too much to say for themselves and do not always display the respect for their elders which they should .
modern pressures have ensured that today 's youngsters have far too much to say for themselves and do not always [show] the respect for their elders which they should .

But skipper Gary McAllister is backing ‘ Lucky ’ Lukic to give them the foundation to reach the last eight , and its lucrative mini-leagues , with a display which will restore his reputation .
but skipper gary mcallister is backing ‘ lucky ’ lukic to give them the foundation to reach the last eight , and its lucrative mini-leagues , with a [show] which will restore his reputation .

For example , now that autumn is fading and the leaves are carpeting the ground in a tapestry of brilliant colours , just as one imagines that winter is only a clear night sky away , along come some plants which we might all associate with a spring display .
for example , now that autumn is fading and the leaves are carpeting the ground in a tapestry of brilliant colours , just as one imagines that winter is only a clear night sky away , along come some plants which we might all associate with a spring [show] .

Growing in a neat upright habit no more than a metre or so across and two metres high at maturity , ‘ Yellow Hammer ’ produces a magnificent spring display of butter yellow , narrowly tubular flowers .
growing in a neat upright habit no more than a metre or so across and two metres high at maturity , ‘ yellow hammer ’ produces a magnificent spring [show] of butter yellow , narrowly tubular flowers .

Thousands of objects have been put into storage at three locations dotted around the borough because the council has nowhere to display them .
thousands of objects have been put into storage at three locations dotted around the borough because the council has nowhere to [show] them .

The 26-year-old Owens has not fought since last May when he gave a brilliant display to out-point Middlesbrough 's Graham O'Malley .
the 26-year-old owens has not fought since last may when he gave a brilliant [show] to out-point middlesbrough 's graham o'malley .

Their award-winning pictures of the Grand Regatta Columbus go on display to the public from today at the Royal Liver Building .
their award-winning pictures of the grand regatta columbus go on [show] to the public from today at the royal liver building .

Mother 's art on display
mother 's art on [show]

But missing captain Michael Lynagh and prop Tony Daly through injury , the Australians had no answer to a passionate Swansea display in the St Helens drizzle .
but missing captain michael lynagh and prop tony daly through injury , the australians had no answer to a passionate swansea [show] in the st helens drizzle .

Second division Action recorded a superb 2-1 success at first division Seymour ( Paul Brown ) , Tony Dixon and Alan Anderson scoring in a fine team display .
second division action recorded a superb 2-1 success at first division seymour ( paul brown ) , tony dixon and alan anderson scoring in a fine team [show] .

Sheffield Wednesday striker Hirst could go straight into the team as partner to Alan Shearer after a disappointing Wembley display by Arsenal 's Ian Wright .
sheffield wednesday striker hirst could go straight into the team as partner to alan shearer after a disappointing wembley [show] by arsenal 's ian wright .

Meanwhile , thousands of people will tonight attending a firework display at the King 's Dock in Liverpool and other smaller displays at Sefton Park and Walton Hall Park ( all at 8pm ) .
meanwhile , thousands of people will tonight attending a firework [show] at the king 's dock in liverpool and other smaller displays at sefton park and walton hall park ( all at 8pm ) .

Olympic gold medallist Chris Boardman will set light to a bonfire and fireworks display being held by Hoylake and West Kirby Round Table at Hoylake rugby club at 7pm on Saturday night .
olympic gold medallist chris boardman will set light to a bonfire and fireworks [show] being held by hoylake and west kirby round table at hoylake rugby club at 7pm on saturday night .

Several hours later , a Liverpool University lecturer was mugged by two men as he walked home from the fireworks display in Sefton Park .
several hours later , a liverpool university lecturer was mugged by two men as he walked home from the fireworks [show] in sefton park .

Dock display draws 30,000
dock [show] draws 30,000

The display was delayed for five minutes to allow the queues of cars to park .
the [show] was delayed for five minutes to allow the queues of cars to park .

Widnes will come out determined to show their fans that last week 's match has been pushed firmly into the background and turn on the kind of display which will carry them into round two in convincing style .
widnes will come out determined to show their fans that last week 's match has been pushed firmly into the background and turn on the kind of [show] which will carry them into round two in convincing style .

Now , organisers are ready to announce the display 's return with a £3,000 pyrotechnic presentation .
now , organisers are ready to announce the [show] 's return with a £3,000 pyrotechnic presentation .

‘ It will be a big welcome back to everyone who missed the display . ’
‘ it will be a big welcome back to everyone who missed the [show] . ’

No familiarity , no fatherly affection , no display of sentiment ; for such do not deceive the soldier for a moment .
no familiarity , no fatherly affection , no [show] of sentiment ; for such do not deceive the soldier for a moment .

True , in a body wearied and weakened by sacrifices at Verdun , these diseases were to display a certain malignance the following year , but the time had not yet come .
true , in a body wearied and weakened by sacrifices at verdun , these diseases were to [show] a certain malignance the following year , but the time had not yet come .

Then , in a remarkable display of vacillation , he proceeded to pour cold water on Knobelsdorf 's assertion that ‘ the fate of the French Army will be decided at Verdun ’ though this had been the very foundation of his own Memorandum of less than four months earlier .
then , in a remarkable [show] of vacillation , he proceeded to pour cold water on knobelsdorf 's assertion that ‘ the fate of the french army will be decided at verdun ’ though this had been the very foundation of his own memorandum of less than four months earlier .

Word of the display travelled fast and so many people were drawn to it that Porter International had difficulty keeping up with the crowds .
word of the [show] travelled fast and so many people were drawn to it that porter international had difficulty keeping up with the crowds .

Hillhouse International gardeners are hoping their efforts will flourish once again into an award-winning display to catch the eyes of the local Britain in Bloom judges .
hillhouse international gardeners are hoping their efforts will flourish once again into an award-winning [show] to catch the eyes of the local britain in bloom judges .

However , it is important to realise that , where this is done , the system will not display the r.m.s .
however , it is important to realise that , where this is done , the system will not [show] the r.m.s .

This section is concerned with the introduction and application of certain particularly useful types of equivalent circuit that display the same form of linear small-signal response as any nonlinear four-terminal network .
this section is concerned with the introduction and application of certain particularly useful types of equivalent circuit that [show] the same form of linear small-signal response as any nonlinear four-terminal network .

First , he should never display emotions .
first , he should never [show] emotions .

to achieve the required display levels of a product ;
to achieve the required [show] levels of a product ;

to obtain display ; and
to obtain [show] ; and

During a scheme additional bonus points may be awarded for the attainment of more specific short-term objectives such as increased sales of a particular product , increased number of new customers , training and display objectives .
during a scheme additional bonus points may be awarded for the attainment of more specific short-term objectives such as increased sales of a particular product , increased number of new customers , training and [show] objectives .

Exhibitions are not strictly speaking sales settings because the prime objective is not to sell from display stands .
exhibitions are not strictly speaking sales settings because the prime objective is not to sell from [show] stands .

Literature should not be on a self-service display .
literature should not be on a self-service [show] .

Graphics should include at least a display board featuring the product literature .
graphics should include at least a [show] board featuring the product literature .

An office or interview room can take up a lot of expensive display space .
an office or interview room can take up a lot of expensive [show] space .

Using eight display screens the team on duty can monitor and control the pressures and flows of gas coming into the region through the national and regional offtakes , maintaining safe operating limits and ensuring demand is met .
using eight [show] screens the team on duty can monitor and control the pressures and flows of gas coming into the region through the national and regional offtakes , maintaining safe operating limits and ensuring demand is met .

By drawing General Managers ' attention to the British Gas environment publications ; ensuring they have an adequate supply along with display holders [ similar to that outside the Public relations office ] and letting them know how and from whom to obtain additional information .
by drawing general managers ' attention to the british gas environment publications ; ensuring they have an adequate supply along with [show] holders [ similar to that outside the public relations office ] and letting them know how and from whom to obtain additional information .

but if we do display
but if we do [show]

of tent cards and display things
of tent cards and [show] things

He said . It was er one bottle free , buy two and get a bottle free and , plus display unit you see
he said . it was er one bottle free , buy two and get a bottle free and , plus [show] unit you see

Oh somebody took all our lovely parking ticket display off that was keeping the tas tax disk up and replaced it with black tape .
oh somebody took all our lovely parking ticket [show] off that was keeping the tas tax disk up and replaced it with black tape .

How much of a display have you got so far ?
how much of a [show] have you got so far ?

committee , if you go downstairs you will see on the notice there a display of various things that we do , and on the windowsills there are various pieces of information free sheets that you can pick up and take away it will tell you about all sorts of issues !
committee , if you go downstairs you will see on the notice there a [show] of various things that we do , and on the windowsills there are various pieces of information free sheets that you can pick up and take away it will tell you about all sorts of issues !

display , Grant there 'll be a display
[show] , grant there 'll be a [show]

Oh it 's that display open attracted container
oh it 's that [show] open attracted container

Among shrubs or in mixed borders , variegated plants help to add interest to the rest of the display , especially where they contrast with bronze or purple foliage , or harmonise with a golden colour group .
among shrubs or in mixed borders , variegated plants help to add interest to the rest of the [show] , especially where they contrast with bronze or purple foliage , or harmonise with a golden colour group .

The former will make a strong statement , enhancing the rest of the display , whereas the latter could result in a fussy mess in which it becomes impossible to enjoy any of the plants as individuals .
the former will make a strong statement , enhancing the rest of the [show] , whereas the latter could result in a fussy mess in which it becomes impossible to enjoy any of the plants as individuals .

Divide variegated perennials with great care and be on the look out for reversion to maintain a variegated display of interest and contrast to the lush green foliage of summer planting .
divide variegated perennials with great care and be on the look out for reversion to maintain a variegated [show] of interest and contrast to the lush green foliage of summer planting .

Both a male and a female holly must be planted to obtain a display of berries
both a male and a female holly must be planted to obtain a [show] of berries

2 An intertwined cane wreath provides the ideal base for arranging your Christmas display . Cut sprigs of cherry laurel and yew from their main branches ensuring you leave a long stem and securely push them into the cane ring until the circle is complete
2 an intertwined cane wreath provides the ideal base for arranging your christmas [show] . cut sprigs of cherry laurel and yew from their main branches ensuring you leave a long stem and securely push them into the cane ring until the circle is complete

All pot-grown plants should be dead-headed regularly to prolong the display .
all pot-grown plants should be dead-headed regularly to prolong the [show] .

Beware , however , as this delightful display belies a vigorous growth rate as it can spread to approximately 40′ ( 12m ) or more .
beware , however , as this delightful [show] belies a vigorous growth rate as it can spread to approximately 40′ ( 12m ) or more .

Whether used around the garden or filled with flowers for display , prices start at £20 .
whether used around the garden or filled with flowers for [show] , prices start at £20 .

There are also gifts to suit every pocket — a simple packet of seeds can offer a beautiful display for many seasons to come — so why not spoil gardening friends and family or even indulge yourself ?
there are also gifts to suit every pocket — a simple packet of seeds can offer a beautiful [show] for many seasons to come — so why not spoil gardening friends and family or even indulge yourself ?

In larger tanks the fish will establish their own territories , and little more than the odd display will be seen .
in larger tanks the fish will establish their own territories , and little more than the odd [show] will be seen .

The famed croaking is more likely to be heard in such tanks , as it 's at its most audible when males meet and display as a threat to other intruding males — or during the mating season as the male pursues the female .
the famed croaking is more likely to be heard in such tanks , as it 's at its most audible when males meet and [show] as a threat to other intruding males — or during the mating season as the male pursues the female .

You will know when a pair has formed from the group as the dominant male will lay claim to an area of the tank and display to any female that is ready to spawn .
you will know when a pair has formed from the group as the dominant male will lay claim to an area of the tank and [show] to any female that is ready to spawn .

Decoration of the aquarium should be as simple as possible , and leave plenty of free-swimming space so that the fish can display and move around without having to dodge large objects .
decoration of the aquarium should be as simple as possible , and leave plenty of free-swimming space so that the fish can [show] and move around without having to dodge large objects .

In theraps species the changes in colours and body pattern distinction are very noticeable indeed , whereas in others , like managuense , which do not display much variation in colour , the male will go very dark , jet black even , with the Jaguar pattern becoming very distinct .
in theraps species the changes in colours and body pattern distinction are very noticeable indeed , whereas in others , like managuense , which do not [show] much variation in colour , the male will go very dark , jet black even , with the jaguar pattern becoming very distinct .

Jaw locking , with the pair head to head , holding each other 's mouth and swinging their tails from side to side , all forms part of the overall pre-spawning display ritual .
jaw locking , with the pair head to head , holding each other 's mouth and swinging their tails from side to side , all forms part of the overall pre-spawning [show] ritual .

During the display the appearance of the breeding tubes will become evident — another indication that spawning is about to take place .
during the [show] the appearance of the breeding tubes will become evident — another indication that spawning is about to take place .

There are many ways of adding water without breaking up your display and moving gravel about .
there are many ways of adding water without breaking up your [show] and moving gravel about .

When a female is ready to spawn she will leave her cave ( in which she will have previously have spent a lot of time ) and approach the male , who will display to her by quivering his body slightly and beating his tail in front of her , so that she is buffeted by the current created .
when a female is ready to spawn she will leave her cave ( in which she will have previously have spent a lot of time ) and approach the male , who will [show] to her by quivering his body slightly and beating his tail in front of her , so that she is buffeted by the current created .

After a little display of this type she retires to her cave , followed by the male , and proceeds to spawn , normally on the ceiling of the cave .
after a little [show] of this type she retires to her cave , followed by the male , and proceeds to spawn , normally on the ceiling of the cave .

The males display actively , and can end up on the floor unless the hood is well-fitting .
the males [show] actively , and can end up on the floor unless the hood is well-fitting .

You may like to experiment with colour schemes designed to display particular fish species to best advantage .
you may like to experiment with colour schemes designed to [show] particular fish species to best advantage .

This does mean that your box will be on display beside the pond unless carefully disguised .
this does mean that your box will be on [show] beside the pond unless carefully disguised .

Snail 's Pace Slim , Guitarist contributor , lead Hamster and no slouch with a chunk of tubing himself , rates Landreth 's recent showcase at the Borderline Club in London as the most astonishing display of bottleneck guitar he 's ever seen .
snail 's pace slim , guitarist contributor , lead hamster and no slouch with a chunk of tubing himself , rates landreth 's recent showcase at the borderline club in london as the most astonishing [show] of bottleneck guitar he 's ever seen .

The note to be tuned is selected by using the rotary pot to the right of the strobe display , labelled ‘ Note ’ .
the note to be tuned is selected by using the rotary pot to the right of the strobe [show] , labelled ‘ note ’ .

This idea is used in an electronic clock or watch to produce the 1 second pulses for the display .
this idea is used in an electronic clock or watch to produce the 1 second pulses for the [show] .

An alternative way of examining harmonic distortion is to display the total spectrum of frequencies on an oscilloscope ( Fig .
an alternative way of examining harmonic distortion is to [show] the total spectrum of frequencies on an oscilloscope ( fig .

If the oscilloscope timebase is synchronised to the frequency-sweep control waveform the display shows successive harmonics as blips .
if the oscilloscope timebase is synchronised to the frequency-sweep control waveform the [show] shows successive harmonics as blips .

The sweep rate must be very low and an ordinary scope can not then give a steady display .
the sweep rate must be very low and an ordinary scope can not then give a steady [show] .

The rear rim of the hole in Triceratops ’ skull grew back into a bony frill on which the membrane was attached ( although this may also have been a display structure ) , so that the muscles could enlarge .
the rear rim of the hole in triceratops ’ skull grew back into a bony frill on which the membrane was attached ( although this may also have been a [show] structure ) , so that the muscles could enlarge .

If as a result of his investigations he finds that committed people display a greater degree of happiness than others then it would be an important piece of empirical information for him to consider .
if as a result of his investigations he finds that committed people [show] a greater degree of happiness than others then it would be an important piece of empirical information for him to consider .

As well as the six LED-lit patch selection pedals are the programming push switches and a graphic display showing the effects available and the parameters governing each effect .
as well as the six led-lit patch selection pedals are the programming push switches and a graphic [show] showing the effects available and the parameters governing each effect .

The stoicism with which the Masai endured the harsh circumstances of their lives made a deep impression on the British , and the opportunity to share that hard life and thus to display to some extent their own possession of this admirable quality was part of Masailand 's attraction for many Englishmen .
the stoicism with which the masai endured the harsh circumstances of their lives made a deep impression on the british , and the opportunity to share that hard life and thus to [show] to some extent their own possession of this admirable quality was part of masailand 's attraction for many englishmen .

But again , too evident delight in surmounting a difficulty which was after all self-imposed suggests that the Resident 's obscuration of the nature of his influence was primarily not a form of reticence or uncertainty , but of display .
but again , too evident delight in surmounting a difficulty which was after all self-imposed suggests that the resident 's obscuration of the nature of his influence was primarily not a form of reticence or uncertainty , but of [show] .

As was usual with the rulers of the British empire , moral display served a dual purpose , being intended not only to improve native character but also to stimulate native loyalty .
as was usual with the rulers of the british empire , moral [show] served a dual purpose , being intended not only to improve native character but also to stimulate native loyalty .

By requiring its practitioners to possess the moral prestige necessary to guide , Indirect Rule seemed to ensure that they also possessed the means whereby , in the absence of any overwhelming display of physical superiority , they could govern .
by requiring its practitioners to possess the moral prestige necessary to guide , indirect rule seemed to ensure that they also possessed the means whereby , in the absence of any overwhelming [show] of physical superiority , they could govern .

Adherence to tradition , Hailey wrote , in a discreet display of the higher cynicism , ‘ valuable as it is , is only a means of securing acceptability of the institutions on which we place our reliance , and acceptability is the essential quality which they must possess ’ .
adherence to tradition , hailey wrote , in a discreet [show] of the higher cynicism , ‘ valuable as it is , is only a means of securing acceptability of the institutions on which we place our reliance , and acceptability is the essential quality which they must possess ’ .

One of the things that those of us who were involved in local government campaigns were trying to do was to achieve some measure of redistribution in favour of all those lesbians and gays who do not belong to the charmed circles of The Swimming Pool Library — people who have no private income ; people who depend on their jobs and would welcome job security ; people who want council tenancies free of harassment , with friends and lovers of their choice ; people who want to meet others at venues which have disabled access , which are not commercially exploitative and which are run for the benefit of the community ; people who want to display affection or consensual desire publicly without fear of violence or arrest ; people who want to bring up children without intimidation from the courts or social workers ; people who have survived the indoctrination of the education system but do not want to see the next generation of lesbians and gays subjected to the same process ; people who wanted themselves and their lifestyles to be treated with respect by the health services .
one of the things that those of us who were involved in local government campaigns were trying to do was to achieve some measure of redistribution in favour of all those lesbians and gays who do not belong to the charmed circles of the swimming pool library — people who have no private income ; people who depend on their jobs and would welcome job security ; people who want council tenancies free of harassment , with friends and lovers of their choice ; people who want to meet others at venues which have disabled access , which are not commercially exploitative and which are run for the benefit of the community ; people who want to [show] affection or consensual desire publicly without fear of violence or arrest ; people who want to bring up children without intimidation from the courts or social workers ; people who have survived the indoctrination of the education system but do not want to see the next generation of lesbians and gays subjected to the same process ; people who wanted themselves and their lifestyles to be treated with respect by the health services .

Indecent material may only be displayed in licensed sex shops which have no window display and can not be seen into from the street , do not admit people under 18 years of age and which carry a warning sign to this effect over the door .
indecent material may only be displayed in licensed sex shops which have no window [show] and can not be seen into from the street , do not admit people under 18 years of age and which carry a warning sign to this effect over the door .

If ordinary newsagents want to display such material , they may only do so in a specially marked-off section of the shop , according to the Indecent Displays ( Control ) Act 1981 .
if ordinary newsagents want to [show] such material , they may only do so in a specially marked-off section of the shop , according to the indecent displays ( control ) act 1981 .

But it is illegal to import it , send it through the post or display it to the general public .
but it is illegal to import it , send it through the post or [show] it to the general public .

In Scotland , actual distribution or display must be shown to have occurred , whereas in England and Wales it is enough merely to establish ‘ intent ’ .
in scotland , actual distribution or [show] must be shown to have occurred , whereas in england and wales it is enough merely to establish ‘ intent ’ .

Depth : Most reputable aquatic plant suppliers display charts offering information relating to the depth of water required for planting the different varieties of waterlilies . This might be :
depth : most reputable aquatic plant suppliers [show] charts offering information relating to the depth of water required for planting the different varieties of waterlilies . this might be :

The best solution to bristleworms is to remove them as soon as possible when setting up a tank , perhaps by quarantining living rock and corals before introduction into the display tank .
the best solution to bristleworms is to remove them as soon as possible when setting up a tank , perhaps by quarantining living rock and corals before introduction into the [show] tank .

We canvass the widest number of manufacturers possible , and are always aware that many retail outlets can only afford to display a limited range to their customers , so we give contact address and phone numbers as a matter of course .
we canvass the widest number of manufacturers possible , and are always aware that many retail outlets can only afford to [show] a limited range to their customers , so we give contact address and phone numbers as a matter of course .

Following on from the theory of inflation as a display , it would be interesting to know if anything has ever been observed on the breeding activity of these fish , as an even more outrageous through occurs to me in that maybe the Puffer is one sex of the species exhibiting its mating display .
following on from the theory of inflation as a [show] , it would be interesting to know if anything has ever been observed on the breeding activity of these fish , as an even more outrageous through occurs to me in that maybe the puffer is one sex of the species exhibiting its mating [show] .

Use the shelves to display ceramics , glass or trailing plants .
use the shelves to [show] ceramics , glass or trailing plants .

You will re-create a display during the morning , then make something of your choice — such as a basket arrangement , candle rings , swags or garlands — during the afternoon .
you will re-create a [show] during the morning , then make something of your choice — such as a basket arrangement , candle rings , swags or garlands — during the afternoon .

Also on display are Joanna 's imaginative ideas for festive table settings with ivy plates , ornate candlesticks and baroque decoupage hexagonal mats .
also on [show] are joanna 's imaginative ideas for festive table settings with ivy plates , ornate candlesticks and baroque decoupage hexagonal mats .

Above : The dishwasher is tucked away beneath the island unit while shelves are used to display Julie 's china
above : the dishwasher is tucked away beneath the island unit while shelves are used to [show] julie 's china

Controls can be mechanical or touch-control — both are easy to use , but if you think you 'll need more accurate timing in seconds ( for softening butter , for instance ) choose a digital display .
controls can be mechanical or touch-control — both are easy to use , but if you think you 'll need more accurate timing in seconds ( for softening butter , for instance ) choose a digital [show] .

Drawbacks : There are no audible signals when the touch-control panel is programmed , so the display needs checking carefully to make sure it is set correctly .
drawbacks : there are no audible signals when the touch-control panel is programmed , so the [show] needs checking carefully to make sure it is set correctly .

The wines come with a corkscrew/knife and are presented in a pine display box .
the wines come with a corkscrew/knife and are presented in a pine [show] box .

It follows on from a fine display of tinted autumn foliage .
it follows on from a fine [show] of tinted autumn foliage .

Space Having an area ( ideally paved or cemented ) where you can prepare containers to replace those on display will help ensure continual colour and interest all year round .
space having an area ( ideally paved or cemented ) where you can prepare containers to replace those on [show] will help ensure continual colour and interest all year round .

Brightly designed in purple and white , the Reverso has 1300 watts of drying power , two heat/speed settings plus a diffuser setting and electronic display lights that let you know which end of the dryer is operational .
brightly designed in purple and white , the reverso has 1300 watts of drying power , two heat/speed settings plus a diffuser setting and electronic [show] lights that let you know which end of the dryer is operational .

Rival manufacturers book suites in London hotels and galleries , and display their wares to the trade .
rival manufacturers book suites in london hotels and galleries , and [show] their wares to the trade .

The l.e.d.s used for the tie display are the low current 2mA type , with maximum current of 20mA .
the l.e.d.s used for the tie [show] are the low current 2ma type , with maximum current of 20ma .

liquid crystal display .
liquid crystal [show] .

The audio signals ( a.c. ) are then passed , via the gain control , to the display driver i.c .
the audio signals ( a.c. ) are then passed , via the gain control , to the [show] driver i.c .

All the components , with the exception of the 20 display l.e.d.s , are mounted on a small single-sided printed circuit board ( p.c.b . )
all the components , with the exception of the 20 [show] l.e.d.s , are mounted on a small single-sided printed circuit board ( p.c.b . )

Wiring to the display l.e.d.s and pin identification diagram .
wiring to the [show] l.e.d.s and pin identification diagram .

Six push switches control patch changes , parameter edit , display select ( individual or performance ) , write ( storing patches ) and utility , while to the left of these are the guitar input and headphone output , each with their own level control .
six push switches control patch changes , parameter edit , [show] select ( individual or performance ) , write ( storing patches ) and utility , while to the left of these are the guitar input and headphone output , each with their own level control .

Top : Both fish display all finnage when breeding .
top : both fish [show] all finnage when breeding .

This took the form of fin display — first by him , then by her .
this took the form of fin [show] — first by him , then by her .

The register will be used to distribute a new and improved shop display pack for the coming season ; and to compile a list of local stockists .
the register will be used to distribute a new and improved shop [show] pack for the coming season ; and to compile a list of local stockists .

Moreover , remedies prepared by dilution without succussion did not display this increased therapeutic power .
moreover , remedies prepared by dilution without succussion did not [show] this increased therapeutic power .

‘ Disgusting display ’
‘ disgusting [show] ’

It certainly was a disgusting display from a man who has bowed out from the game very publicly .
it certainly was a disgusting [show] from a man who has bowed out from the game very publicly .

The national side followed London 's lead and England took the Test with a blistering display of 15-man running rugby , eventually finishing convincing 28–19 winners .
the national side followed london 's lead and england took the test with a blistering [show] of 15-man running rugby , eventually finishing convincing 28–19 winners .

The gold plate and the silver , both in use and on display , would have been fetched by the butler from the strong room on the lower mezzanine floor , reached by the back staircase leading off the service area .
the gold plate and the silver , both in use and on [show] , would have been fetched by the butler from the strong room on the lower mezzanine floor , reached by the back staircase leading off the service area .

Mark Titley , switched from wing to fly-half , landed nine conversions in a rare kicking display as well as getting a try .
mark titley , switched from wing to fly-half , landed nine conversions in a rare kicking [show] as well as getting a try .

Wright 's face-saving equaliser came five minutes from time — after he had endured a nightmare display .
wright 's face-saving equaliser came five minutes from time — after he had endured a nightmare [show] .

His display against Tony Thornton was a travesty .
his [show] against tony thornton was a travesty .

The 31-year-old former Balmain star rolled back the years on Wednesday night with a scintillating display against Bradford Northern to help lift the Eagles into the Yorkshire Cup semi-finals for the first time .
the 31-year-old former balmain star rolled back the years on wednesday night with a scintillating [show] against bradford northern to help lift the eagles into the yorkshire cup semi-finals for the first time .

Kinnear said : ‘ It was a marvellous display by our lads — but the fans up here seem to be getting hysterical .
kinnear said : ‘ it was a marvellous [show] by our lads — but the fans up here seem to be getting hysterical .

And , the indications are that Gazza has a chance , despite being slammed by the Italian press for his first half display on Sunday .
and , the indications are that gazza has a chance , despite being slammed by the italian press for his first half [show] on sunday .

Earlier , with just seconds remaining of normal time , Mark Hughes had been sent off for a second bookable offence and his team mates then produced a magnificent display of courageous football to keep themselves in this tie .
earlier , with just seconds remaining of normal time , mark hughes had been sent off for a second bookable offence and his team mates then produced a magnificent [show] of courageous football to keep themselves in this tie .

Swansea 's victory kept them top of the First Division and was another display worthy of any defending champions .
swansea 's victory kept them top of the first division and was another [show] worthy of any defending champions .

The main display has 18 special features , with many more at the South Shore and Cliffs locations .
the main [show] has 18 special features , with many more at the south shore and cliffs locations .

The lights went out during the two world wars and the austerity years which followed , so although this year is actually the 80th anniversary , it 's only the 60th display .
the lights went out during the two world wars and the austerity years which followed , so although this year is actually the 80th anniversary , it 's only the 60th [show] .

And it goes out in a blaze of colour — a spectacular firework display which starts at 6.45pm and goes on into the night .
and it goes out in a blaze of colour — a spectacular firework [show] which starts at 6.45pm and goes on into the night .

Here you will find the longest underwater tunnel display in Europe , teeming with conger eels and sharks .
here you will find the longest underwater tunnel [show] in europe , teeming with conger eels and sharks .

They can be brought indoors for display for short periods , particularly those that blossom , such as cherries .
they can be brought indoors for [show] for short periods , particularly those that blossom , such as cherries .

Investigations are going on , but a health official said : ‘ The sandwiches were prepared by 10am and often remained on display in a warm room until 10 at night . ’
investigations are going on , but a health official said : ‘ the sandwiches were prepared by 10am and often remained on [show] in a warm room until 10 at night . ’

Courses may also be advertised in local jobcentres and public libraries or on the display boards of local employment agencies .
courses may also be advertised in local jobcentres and public libraries or on the [show] boards of local employment agencies .

Employers in both public and private sectors can hire exhibition ‘ stands ’ with display boards advertising job opportunities on offer .
employers in both public and private sectors can hire exhibition ‘ stands ’ with [show] boards advertising job opportunities on offer .

Department of Employment Jobcentres have branches in most towns and cities and some may display nursing vacancies .
department of employment jobcentres have branches in most towns and cities and some may [show] nursing vacancies .

Every reputable agency should display a certificate of registration for the benefit of the public and those who register with them .
every reputable agency should [show] a certificate of registration for the benefit of the public and those who register with them .

The quiet road on the heath has already been coarsely widened on both sides to form a half mile long car park with Pay and Display ticket machines .
the quiet road on the heath has already been coarsely widened on both sides to form a half mile long car park with pay and [show] ticket machines .

There was no doubt in Matilda 's mind that this latest display of foulness by her father deserved severe punishment , and as she sat eating her awful fried fish and fried chips and ignoring the television , her brain went to work on various possibilities .
there was no doubt in matilda 's mind that this latest [show] of foulness by her father deserved severe punishment , and as she sat eating her awful fried fish and fried chips and ignoring the television , her brain went to work on various possibilities .

They passed the greengrocer with his window full of apples and oranges , and the butcher with bloody lumps of meat on display and naked chickens hanging up , and the small bank , and the grocery store and the electrical shop , and then they came out at the other side of the village on to the narrow country road where there were no people any more and very few motor-cars .
they passed the greengrocer with his window full of apples and oranges , and the butcher with bloody lumps of meat on [show] and naked chickens hanging up , and the small bank , and the grocery store and the electrical shop , and then they came out at the other side of the village on to the narrow country road where there were no people any more and very few motor-cars .

This can simply be described as a flat panel display that is written on with a stylus ( pen ) .
this can simply be described as a flat panel [show] that is written on with a stylus ( pen ) .

As the stylus moves in contact with the display , pixels are illuminated to leave a trail of ‘ electronic ink ’ on the writing surface .
as the stylus moves in contact with the [show] , pixels are illuminated to leave a trail of ‘ electronic ink ’ on the writing surface .

For recognition systems which use electronic paper ( tablet and display combined ) there remains a user-interface problem of exactly when the display of script should be removed for the recognised text to appear .
for recognition systems which use electronic paper ( tablet and [show] combined ) there remains a user-interface problem of exactly when the [show] of script should be removed for the recognised text to appear .

If each word is displayed as soon as it is recognised , the display will be changing disconcertingly whilst the user is writing the next word .
if each word is displayed as soon as it is recognised , the [show] will be changing disconcertingly whilst the user is writing the next word .

The user may wish to see the previous few words , or the current sentence , or perhaps more than one sentence , as handwriting before the display changes .
the user may wish to see the previous few words , or the current sentence , or perhaps more than one sentence , as handwriting before the [show] changes .

Catlin 's display was the base for County 's first League win of the season and Warnock admitted he took a risk when dropping experienced keeper Steve Cherry , Meadow Lane 's player of the year .
catlin 's [show] was the base for county 's first league win of the season and warnock admitted he took a risk when dropping experienced keeper steve cherry , meadow lane 's player of the year .

Manager Graeme Souness takes his squad across the Mersey to Tranmere tonight looking for a confidence-boosting display before the weekend showdown with Howard Wilkinson 's champions .
manager graeme souness takes his squad across the mersey to tranmere tonight looking for a confidence-boosting [show] before the weekend showdown with howard wilkinson 's champions .

But Souness was well satisfied with his £2.2million capture Paul Stewart , whose display of nonstop aggression in Wembley 's strength-sapping humidity suggested the huge outlay will pay rich dividends .
but souness was well satisfied with his £2.2million capture paul stewart , whose [show] of nonstop aggression in wembley 's strength-sapping humidity suggested the huge outlay will pay rich dividends .

Finally Cadette stepped in with two goals to round off a marvellous display .
finally cadette stepped in with two goals to round off a marvellous [show] .

York flop Kooyonga had every excuse for her tame display behind Rodrigo De Triano at York on Tuesday .
york flop kooyonga had every excuse for her tame [show] behind rodrigo de triano at york on tuesday .

In an incredible display of loyalty to his close friend , Mr Major backed Mellor to the end and told him he was ‘ very reluctant ’ to let him go .
in an incredible [show] of loyalty to his close friend , mr major backed mellor to the end and told him he was ‘ very reluctant ’ to let him go .

Its aggressive display , with its head pushed forward to emphasise the white face shield , is accompanied by a ringing call , similar to metal striking metal .
its aggressive [show] , with its head pushed forward to emphasise the white face shield , is accompanied by a ringing call , similar to metal striking metal .

Marie , who is in the Paras ' territorial battalion , is also the first woman to join the regiment 's elite Black Lanyards free fall parachute display team .
marie , who is in the paras ' territorial battalion , is also the first woman to join the regiment 's elite black lanyards free fall parachute [show] team .

The Croatian youngsters dived for cover when a starting gun was fired during a police dog display .
the croatian youngsters dived for cover when a starting gun was fired during a police dog [show] .

Chris plunged into the group as hundreds of people watched an Army display team in Bolton , Lancs , on Saturday .
chris plunged into the group as hundreds of people watched an army [show] team in bolton , lancs , on saturday .

Nigel Green , chairman of the Grand Regatta Columbus Committee said : ‘ It 's been a superb display which has lived up to every expectation .
nigel green , chairman of the grand regatta columbus committee said : ‘ it 's been a superb [show] which has lived up to every expectation .

The fall-out from the highly-charged display of white , predominantly Afrikaner , nationalism at Ellis Park , and the furore over the official playing of the ‘ Die Stem , ’ anthem contrary to the tour agreements , rapidly marginalised the achievements of Laurie Mains and his ‘ macho ’ crew .
the fall-out from the highly-charged [show] of white , predominantly afrikaner , nationalism at ellis park , and the furore over the official playing of the ‘ die stem , ’ anthem contrary to the tour agreements , rapidly marginalised the achievements of laurie mains and his ‘ macho ’ crew .

The Boipatong massacre became the first major hurdle which rugby had to overcome and this led to the implementation of All Black and Wallaby tour conditions such a the minute 's silence prior to each test , the display of peace and democracy signed at match venues and in match programmes , the non-playing of national anthems and the removal of any official flying of the South African national flag .
the boipatong massacre became the first major hurdle which rugby had to overcome and this led to the implementation of all black and wallaby tour conditions such a the minute 's silence prior to each test , the [show] of peace and democracy signed at match venues and in match programmes , the non-playing of national anthems and the removal of any official flying of the south african national flag .

Come testing time , though , it was a different story altogether as Farr-Jones 's side put on an awesome second-half display in the rain and mud at Newlands .
come testing time , though , it was a different story altogether as farr-jones 's side put on an awesome second-half [show] in the rain and mud at newlands .

You rarely come across anyone , male or female , with enough gall to get onstage who does n't at least , at some point , try to display their true nature .
you rarely come across anyone , male or female , with enough gall to get onstage who does n't at least , at some point , try to [show] their true nature .

Most of them have a collection of owls and other birds on display to the public .
most of them have a collection of owls and other birds on [show] to the public .

Others display their feelings of relaxation by standing on one leg , as you 've probably seen flamingoes do in nature films .
others [show] their feelings of relaxation by standing on one leg , as you 've probably seen flamingoes do in nature films .

They went wild and made us promise to come back and give a display , so a few weeks later we returned and gave them the whole show .
they went wild and made us promise to come back and give a [show] , so a few weeks later we returned and gave them the whole show .

Launching the scheme Princess Diana said : ‘ The awards will go to those who display exemplary qualities in adversity while helping others . ’
launching the scheme princess diana said : ‘ the awards will go to those who [show] exemplary qualities in adversity while helping others . ’

At a dinner party in the British Embassy , an Italian General sat opposite the British Ambassador dressed in an impressive uniform decorated with an even more impressive display of medals .
at a dinner party in the british embassy , an italian general sat opposite the british ambassador dressed in an impressive uniform decorated with an even more impressive [show] of medals .

There was a firework display going on outside but it did sound very much like a gun , and Yoko absolutely froze .
there was a firework [show] going on outside but it did sound very much like a gun , and yoko absolutely froze .

Picking the glass away from the display , she reached for a squirter of morph-plus .
picking the glass away from the [show] , she reached for a squirter of morph-plus .

October already had been action-packed , with a talk by local historian Bert Starkey — ‘ The main thrust for good in Victorian Runcorn came from Methodism ; there were 18 chapels within one square mile , ’ — and a brilliant display of dancing by the over-forties at the dinner/dance . The square tango had to be seen to be believed — eat your hearts out , disco dancers !
october already had been action-packed , with a talk by local historian bert starkey — ‘ the main thrust for good in victorian runcorn came from methodism ; there were 18 chapels within one square mile , ’ — and a brilliant [show] of dancing by the over-forties at the dinner/dance . the square tango had to be seen to be believed — eat your hearts out , disco dancers !

The display of photographs and mementoes produced great interest — ‘ come and see Father Brendan Hoban when he had hair ! ’ ‘ See our school secretary in a Fifties style swimsuit ’ ( brushed nylon for those too young to know ) .
the [show] of photographs and mementoes produced great interest — ‘ come and see father brendan hoban when he had hair ! ’ ‘ see our school secretary in a fifties style swimsuit ’ ( brushed nylon for those too young to know ) .

’ The display was planned for several weeks ahead and we began practising .
’ the [show] was planned for several weeks ahead and we began practising .

You may have to face up to a display of feelings of hurt or rejection ; but if your parent is a naturally unselfish person ( and not mentally impaired ) who had simply failed to realise your need for this degree of privacy and emotional ‘ living-space ’ , she will probably be only too anxious to co-operate .
you may have to face up to a [show] of feelings of hurt or rejection ; but if your parent is a naturally unselfish person ( and not mentally impaired ) who had simply failed to realise your need for this degree of privacy and emotional ‘ living-space ’ , she will probably be only too anxious to co-operate .

The two most common virus infections display very obvious visual symptoms known as ‘ fan-leaf ’ and ‘ leaf-roll ’ ; other virus infections may be less conspicuous and difficult to detect , yet may still have undesirable effects .
the two most common virus infections [show] very obvious visual symptoms known as ‘ fan-leaf ’ and ‘ leaf-roll ’ ; other virus infections may be less conspicuous and difficult to detect , yet may still have undesirable effects .

In August , the main square , the dignified Plaza Porticada , is the setting for an international festival of drama and dance , culminating in a magnificent firework display .
in august , the main square , the dignified plaza porticada , is the setting for an international festival of drama and dance , culminating in a magnificent firework [show] .

’ It is on this theme that the Tate Gallery Liverpool has put together a long-term display .
’ it is on this theme that the tate gallery liverpool has put together a long-term [show] .

The display easel originated in the 19th century and was commonly used to show off a painting .
the [show] easel originated in the 19th century and was commonly used to show off a painting .

Nicholas Evans is part of the Ashington Miner Artist Group , and his work , together with that of other members of the group , is on permanent display at the Woodfern Gallery , Ashington , Northumberland .
nicholas evans is part of the ashington miner artist group , and his work , together with that of other members of the group , is on permanent [show] at the woodfern gallery , ashington , northumberland .

to the front room with its museumlike display
to the front room with its museumlike [show]

It might amuse him to rub salt into her wound , to display that notches-on-the-bedhead braggadocio shared by so many of his fellows .
it might amuse him to rub salt into her wound , to [show] that notches-on-the-bedhead braggadocio shared by so many of his fellows .

Montgomery made a mental note of this small display of the pedantic .
montgomery made a mental note of this small [show] of the pedantic .

Going on display
going on [show]

Alcoves and corners can all be put to good use by turning them into highly attractive display features .
alcoves and corners can all be put to good use by turning them into highly attractive [show] features .

Change is possible it argued , citing Copenhagen , Hannover , The Hague and Odense , all of which display rising use of public transport and cycles and falling car use as a result of their transport policies .
change is possible it argued , citing copenhagen , hannover , the hague and odense , all of which [show] rising use of public transport and cycles and falling car use as a result of their transport policies .

Turner listened to Jed 's requirements , then he led Jed to a glass display case .
turner listened to jed 's requirements , then he led jed to a glass [show] case .

There will be the normal trade stands and side shows and , new this year , a possible display of vintage and kit cars .
there will be the normal trade stands and side shows and , new this year , a possible [show] of vintage and kit cars .

She has also questioned the advice given to her to display her season ticket on her car dashboard as it amounts to an ‘ invitation to theft ’ .
she has also questioned the advice given to her to [show] her season ticket on her car dashboard as it amounts to an ‘ invitation to theft ’ .

Five of the ladies have already given a public display , at a keep fit rally in Drayton , and Wendy anticipates that they 'll put their skills behind the association 's new fund-raising campaign to buy a Sunshine Coach for use in Hampshire .
five of the ladies have already given a public [show] , at a keep fit rally in drayton , and wendy anticipates that they 'll put their skills behind the association 's new fund-raising campaign to buy a sunshine coach for use in hampshire .

Vestments on display spanned the century of the Guild but , in the passing of time , most of the original vestments have been lost .
vestments on [show] spanned the century of the guild but , in the passing of time , most of the original vestments have been lost .

The Ashes urn is to make one of its rare trips away from Lord 's during November , when cricket 's most famous trophy will be on display at London 's Victoria & Albert Museum .
the ashes urn is to make one of its rare trips away from lord 's during november , when cricket 's most famous trophy will be on [show] at london 's victoria & albert museum .

The first solo show may well be a very daunting experience , for although artists are used to showing work , it is normally in the context of a mixed exhibition or gallery display rather than presenting a large amount of work to an invited audience , including critics !
the first solo show may well be a very daunting experience , for although artists are used to showing work , it is normally in the context of a mixed exhibition or gallery [show] rather than presenting a large amount of work to an invited audience , including critics !

There are four main types of exhibitions : Those organised by a commercial gallery or similar display venue , those sponsored by an organisation , industry or private patron ; those arranged by hiring exhibition space ; and those at ‘ free ’ venues , such as home .
there are four main types of exhibitions : those organised by a commercial gallery or similar [show] venue , those sponsored by an organisation , industry or private patron ; those arranged by hiring exhibition space ; and those at ‘ free ’ venues , such as home .

Some galleries have display space which is reserved for solo exhibitions , whilst others have occasional individual displays .
some galleries have [show] space which is reserved for solo exhibitions , whilst others have occasional individual displays .

Additionally , as with any exhibition , you need to assess carefully the implications of having a large amount of your work restricted to a single display venue for a period of time .
additionally , as with any exhibition , you need to assess carefully the implications of having a large amount of your work restricted to a single [show] venue for a period of time .

Perhaps you can strike a deal with an estate agent for temporary use of an empty shop space , or find a suitable display area in an hotel , a restaurant or a theatre .
perhaps you can strike a deal with an estate agent for temporary use of an empty shop space , or find a suitable [show] area in an hotel , a restaurant or a theatre .

Cost may well be a big influence on all your decisions , but choose the venue not only with regard to the quantity and type of work you have for display but also the likely customers it will attract , and therefore its location .
cost may well be a big influence on all your decisions , but choose the venue not only with regard to the quantity and type of work you have for [show] but also the likely customers it will attract , and therefore its location .

When you have found a suitable place , ensure that you understand the terms involved and , if applicable , what commitment of time , money , display screens or whatever , you will have to provide .
when you have found a suitable place , ensure that you understand the terms involved and , if applicable , what commitment of time , money , [show] screens or whatever , you will have to provide .

Make the most of the lighting and general ambience of the venue to display the work in an interesting and appealing way .
make the most of the lighting and general ambience of the venue to [show] the work in an interesting and appealing way .

Funded by the Museums and Galleries Improvement Fund , the Henry Moore Foundation and the North West Museums Service , the extension will mean , says the director , Mary Gavagan ‘ that an important fine art collection will now be on display not only for the university population but also for the general public ’ , even those with mobility problems for whom ramps and chairlifts will give access to the works of among others Chillida , Derain , Miro , Max Ernst and Terry Frost .
funded by the museums and galleries improvement fund , the henry moore foundation and the north west museums service , the extension will mean , says the director , mary gavagan ‘ that an important fine art collection will now be on [show] not only for the university population but also for the general public ’ , even those with mobility problems for whom ramps and chairlifts will give access to the works of among others chillida , derain , miro , max ernst and terry frost .

These precious and fragile masterpieces in ‘ Florentine Drawing in the Age of Michelangelo ’ , which include works by the master himself as well as Leonardo , Raphael , Pontormo , Bronzino and other top names of the Italian Renaissance , will be shown in the Sainsbury Centre 's environmentally controlled exhibition space , its lighting system specially designed to display such sensitive material .
these precious and fragile masterpieces in ‘ florentine drawing in the age of michelangelo ’ , which include works by the master himself as well as leonardo , raphael , pontormo , bronzino and other top names of the italian renaissance , will be shown in the sainsbury centre 's environmentally controlled exhibition space , its lighting system specially designed to [show] such sensitive material .

Teachers are seen not to display the observer 's own preferred skills ; so they are diagnosed as not being competent in their use .
teachers are seen not to [show] the observer 's own preferred skills ; so they are diagnosed as not being competent in their use .

Teachers are seen to display personal qualities of which the observer disapproves ; so it is assumed they lack more desirable ones .
teachers are seen to [show] personal qualities of which the observer disapproves ; so it is assumed they lack more desirable ones .

; and the general discouragement that dilapidated walls and leaking roofs present to those who might otherwise take pride in improving the display and all-round aesthetic environment of their classrooms .
; and the general discouragement that dilapidated walls and leaking roofs present to those who might otherwise take pride in improving the [show] and all-round aesthetic environment of their classrooms .

Video Display Corp has turned in third quarter net losses of $ 330,000 , after $ 820,000 one-time charge related to securities , against profits of $ 487,000 last time , on sales up 16.2 % at $ 15.6m ; net profit for the nine months was down 38.6 % at $ 900,000 , on turnover that rose 17.6 % at $ 46.9m .
video [show] corp has turned in third quarter net losses of $ 330,000 , after $ 820,000 one-time charge related to securities , against profits of $ 487,000 last time , on sales up 16.2 % at $ 15.6m ; net profit for the nine months was down 38.6 % at $ 900,000 , on turnover that rose 17.6 % at $ 46.9m .

The last thing an insurance salesman should display .
the last thing an insurance salesman should [show] .

Galvone pulled out the display handkerchief from his top pocket .
galvone pulled out the [show] handkerchief from his top pocket .

Yet by the mid 1970s policy-makers , convinced that we live in a world of free markets , began to display an implied belief in its basic tenets ( Brittan , 1975 ; Harris and Sewill , 1975 ] .
yet by the mid 1970s policy-makers , convinced that we live in a world of free markets , began to [show] an implied belief in its basic tenets ( brittan , 1975 ; harris and sewill , 1975 ] .

This was done by reproducing the flight instrument panel by means of computer graphics on a visual display unit with the recorded data being fed to the display in real time .
this was done by reproducing the flight instrument panel by means of computer graphics on a visual [show] unit with the recorded data being fed to the [show] in real time .

Plate 6 Primary flight instruments and engine power indicator ( bottom left ) which move in ‘ real time ’ on the visual display unit as the flight data recorder is read out .
plate 6 primary flight instruments and engine power indicator ( bottom left ) which move in ‘ real time ’ on the visual [show] unit as the flight data recorder is read out .

The store cleverly used some space it saved to install a display of blue jeans , highlighting the high cost of the store 's wool trousers .
the store cleverly used some space it saved to install a [show] of blue jeans , highlighting the high cost of the store 's wool trousers .

Unfortunately , these ideas make a lot more sense in spreadsheets contemplated by bean counters — a special type , as the British enjoy a breakfast consisting of beans and toast — than they do at display counters contemplated by customers .
unfortunately , these ideas make a lot more sense in spreadsheets contemplated by bean counters — a special type , as the british enjoy a breakfast consisting of beans and toast — than they do at [show] counters contemplated by customers .

It offers designers up to 125 rules per module and up to seven labels per variable and provides waveform display and three-dimensional block diagrams that help simulate applications .
it offers designers up to 125 rules per module and up to seven labels per variable and provides waveform [show] and three-dimensional block diagrams that help simulate applications .

increasingly large number of companies within the graphics , display and building industries .
increasingly large number of companies within the graphics , [show] and building industries .

The ability to build large glass display cabinets without frames opens up a new world of design possibilities .
the ability to build large glass [show] cabinets without frames opens up a new world of design possibilities .

Books that you will be proud to display in your home — forever !
books that you will be proud to [show] in your home — forever !

And , of course , using WordPerfect 's Preview feature , you can display an entire page — or even two facing pages — of text and graphics together , exactly as they would appear when printed .
and , of course , using wordperfect 's preview feature , you can [show] an entire page — or even two facing pages — of text and graphics together , exactly as they would appear when printed .

Microprocessor controlled with digital display showing distance and speed .
microprocessor controlled with digital [show] showing distance and speed .

• 8″ high resolution display .
• 8″ high resolution [show] .

• Seven colour high resolution display .
• seven colour high resolution [show] .

There thou must wings display and altars raise
there thou must wings [show] and altars raise

Plans for the extension will be on display at the group 's annual meeting on March 25 , when future activities and fund-raising will be discussed .
plans for the extension will be on [show] at the group 's annual meeting on march 25 , when future activities and fund-raising will be discussed .

’ It is on this theme that the Tate Gallery Liverpool has put together a long-term display .
’ it is on this theme that the tate gallery liverpool has put together a long-term [show] .

The display easel originated in the 19th century and was commonly used to show off a painting .
the [show] easel originated in the 19th century and was commonly used to show off a painting .

Nicholas Evans is part of the Ashington Miner Artist Group , and his work , together with that of other members of the group , is on permanent display at the Woodfern Gallery , Ashington , Northumberland .
nicholas evans is part of the ashington miner artist group , and his work , together with that of other members of the group , is on permanent [show] at the woodfern gallery , ashington , northumberland .

For the Stoke-on-Trent area twelve high-quality coloured thematic maps display solid and drift geology , as well as the full range of geoenvironmental constraints that affect urban planning and redevelopment .
for the stoke-on-trent area twelve high-quality coloured thematic maps [show] solid and drift geology , as well as the full range of geoenvironmental constraints that affect urban planning and redevelopment .

Computer software for interactive display and interpretation of data continues to be developed , and geological mapping projects have been supported .
computer software for interactive [show] and interpretation of data continues to be developed , and geological mapping projects have been supported .

These studies are underpinned by continuing improvements in the operation of the geophysical databases and by further developments in computer software for interactive display and interpretation of data .
these studies are underpinned by continuing improvements in the operation of the geophysical databases and by further developments in computer software for interactive [show] and interpretation of data .

Commercial packages to display and construct geological models were assessed , and a workshop on three-dimensional geological modelling , held at Keyworth , brought together a variety of groups dealing with different aspects of the problem .
commercial packages to [show] and construct geological models were assessed , and a workshop on three-dimensional geological modelling , held at keyworth , brought together a variety of groups dealing with different aspects of the problem .

advanced processing , interpretation and display services ;
advanced processing , interpretation and [show] services ;

The resulting datasets are amenable to a wide variety of transformations which , in combination with much improved display facilities , should lead to the recognition of additional and subtle features .
the resulting datasets are amenable to a wide variety of transformations which , in combination with much improved [show] facilities , should lead to the recognition of additional and subtle features .

There seemed a strange lack of conviction about the Ipswich display and three minutes before the interval there was another scare when Hendrie crossed from the right but Wilkinson headed wide at the far post .
there seemed a strange lack of conviction about the ipswich [show] and three minutes before the interval there was another scare when hendrie crossed from the right but wilkinson headed wide at the far post .

The Chieftains needed to win following Guildford 's midweek victory at Streatham and the ruthlessness of their display is sure to keep the pressure on the Flames until the very end .
the chieftains needed to win following guildford 's midweek victory at streatham and the ruthlessness of their [show] is sure to keep the pressure on the flames until the very end .

Aussie Mark Bosnich , the Villa goalkeeper who rejected the sun and surf of Bondi beach , turned up the title heat on former club Manchester United with a magnificent display .
aussie mark bosnich , the villa goalkeeper who rejected the sun and surf of bondi beach , turned up the title heat on former club manchester united with a magnificent [show] .

Wivenhoe were missing the suspended Mitchell Springett and Christian McClean , two of the club 's top three scorers , but Dowman still felt the display was ‘ unacceptable . ’
wivenhoe were missing the suspended mitchell springett and christian mcclean , two of the club 's top three scorers , but dowman still felt the [show] was ‘ unacceptable . ’

Despite this setback , Ipswich fought back with scrum-half Bryn Kerr leading the charge with an outstanding display on his return to his preferred position .
despite this setback , ipswich fought back with scrum-half bryn kerr leading the charge with an outstanding [show] on his return to his preferred position .

Young players put on a fine display
young players put on a fine [show]

For people in the Halstead area Dr John Markham , of The Surgery , Kings Road , Halstead , will be running a display throughout the week .
for people in the halstead area dr john markham , of the surgery , kings road , halstead , will be running a [show] throughout the week .

Club members — they have all either undergone open heart surgery themselves or have helped loved ones through the ordeal — display this zest for life which would encourage anyone faced with the same ordeal .
club members — they have all either undergone open heart surgery themselves or have helped loved ones through the ordeal — [show] this zest for life which would encourage anyone faced with the same ordeal .

Those who care for ‘ ordinary ’ old people learn much about the courage and competence which so many display ; they discover that it is their ordinariness which is remarkable — their determination to carry on with the daily business of life , often in the face of considerable difficulties .
those who care for ‘ ordinary ’ old people learn much about the courage and competence which so many [show] ; they discover that it is their ordinariness which is remarkable — their determination to carry on with the daily business of life , often in the face of considerable difficulties .

Firstly , an elder may display verbal consciousness for most of her or his day-to-day conduct , even if sometimes haltingly or with verbal expression impaired by physical conditions such as aphasia .
firstly , an elder may [show] verbal consciousness for most of her or his day-to-day conduct , even if sometimes haltingly or with verbal expression impaired by physical conditions such as aphasia .

Secondly , an elder may display little verbal consciousness at the time of the assessment , but from other information available this may be identified as linked to some crisis , such as bereavement or illness , or a temporary condition such as side-effects of medication .
secondly , an elder may [show] little verbal consciousness at the time of the assessment , but from other information available this may be identified as linked to some crisis , such as bereavement or illness , or a temporary condition such as side-effects of medication .

In addition to these cultural beliefs about ‘ basic needs ’ , elders , like everyone else , will display an almost infinite potential to develop other desires for commodities and human experience .
in addition to these cultural beliefs about ‘ basic needs ’ , elders , like everyone else , will [show] an almost infinite potential to develop other desires for commodities and human experience .

On display are earrings , necklaces and bracelets made from lapis , carnelian turquoise , jade , amber and amethyst .
on [show] are earrings , necklaces and bracelets made from lapis , carnelian turquoise , jade , amber and amethyst .

It was possible all the jewellery removed from the display had been recovered , although a few items might still be missing , he added .
it was possible all the jewellery removed from the [show] had been recovered , although a few items might still be missing , he added .

Gosbecks Archaeological Park will be a conservation area with woodland , heath , meadow and an archaeology display including remains found in that area .
gosbecks archaeological park will be a conservation area with woodland , heath , meadow and an archaeology [show] including remains found in that area .

The majority of the buildings were of post-hole or trench construction and display considerable variation in size and design ( Figure 2.5 ) .
the majority of the buildings were of post-hole or trench construction and [show] considerable variation in size and design ( figure 2.5 ) .

As we shall see , those cemeteries which display high quantities of such imports are also those where potential leaders are to be identified .
as we shall see , those cemeteries which [show] high quantities of such imports are also those where potential leaders are to be identified .

Some of the later pairs ‘ display a great variety and experimentation in the arrangement of motifs drawn from a widespread stock of artistic ideas ’ ( ibid .
some of the later pairs ‘ [show] a great variety and experimentation in the arrangement of motifs drawn from a widespread stock of artistic ideas ’ ( ibid .

The principal problem in reconstructing clothing from this evidence is that the range of dress-fastenings need not only be dictated by dress ; social identity and/or display may enter here .
the principal problem in reconstructing clothing from this evidence is that the range of dress-fastenings need not only be dictated by dress ; social identity and/or [show] may enter here .

Closely co-ordinated with the controls , these ‘ ladders ’ not only give you a functional , attractive display , they give you a precise setting , too .
closely co-ordinated with the controls , these ‘ ladders ’ not only give you a functional , attractive [show] , they give you a precise setting , too .

To the right-hand side of this most advanced display is the microprocessor time control .
to the right-hand side of this most advanced [show] is the microprocessor time control .

Jumping in after her , Perdita pulled off Enid s wig to reveal scant grey wisps and pushed her under the water , where the aquamarine hostess gown billowed up to display fawn pop socks at the end of fat , purple legs .
jumping in after her , perdita pulled off enid s wig to reveal scant grey wisps and pushed her under the water , where the aquamarine hostess gown billowed up to [show] fawn pop socks at the end of fat , purple legs .

Angel proceeded to put on an incredible display of histrionics , peacock-blue eyes flashing , nostrils flaring above his furiously pouting mouth , as he shouted and swore at Alejandro .
angel proceeded to put on an incredible [show] of histrionics , peacock-blue eyes flashing , nostrils flaring above his furiously pouting mouth , as he shouted and swore at alejandro .

’ Then , seeing the expression on Luke 's face , Umberto indignantly lifted his loose trousers up above his boots to display two huge purple bruises : ‘ What you think these are , love bites ?
’ then , seeing the expression on luke 's face , umberto indignantly lifted his loose trousers up above his boots to [show] two huge purple bruises : ‘ what you think these are , love bites ?

Allan de Souza shows prints roughly collaged onto a cruciform display of found boards .
allan de souza shows prints roughly collaged onto a cruciform [show] of found boards .

The changing display of works for sale currently includes pieces by John Keane , Mike Peel , Chila Burman ( Bombay movie heroine meets Public Enemy in a reworked comic strip ) and Jo Spence .
the changing [show] of works for sale currently includes pieces by john keane , mike peel , chila burman ( bombay movie heroine meets public enemy in a reworked comic strip ) and jo spence .

Be warned , however , that the story does not end there , since helicopters display markedly different characteristics between right and left turns !
be warned , however , that the story does not end there , since helicopters [show] markedly different characteristics between right and left turns !

There are certainly pretty aperçus to be found , such as the observation that men objected to women smoking in public because one smokes for oneself : it was the display of female narcissism ( that got up their noses .
there are certainly pretty aperçus to be found , such as the observation that men objected to women smoking in public because one smokes for oneself : it was the [show] of female narcissism ( that got up their noses .

In the front window was a display of paint-brushes which were arranged in a fan .
in the front window was a [show] of paint-brushes which were arranged in a fan .

’ There , on display , was a small ten-by-four-inch wireless .
’ there , on [show] , was a small ten-by-four-inch wireless .

He played himself all the time , using his characters to display his many theatrical talents .
he played himself all the time , using his characters to [show] his many theatrical talents .

Clear ground rules will be formulated , put on display and will be reiterated .
clear ground rules will be formulated , put on [show] and will be reiterated .

The brilliance of the recent verbal firework display he put on at Westminster enchanted his party — just as it alarmed the Labour Party that John Smith proved such an easy target for him .
the brilliance of the recent verbal firework [show] he put on at westminster enchanted his party — just as it alarmed the labour party that john smith proved such an easy target for him .

When she admitted the affair to Matthew , hoping for a display of anger or jealousy , he meekly apologised for not being good enough for her and promised to try harder in future .
when she admitted the affair to matthew , hoping for a [show] of anger or jealousy , he meekly apologised for not being good enough for her and promised to try harder in future .

These will include short local trips to Heviz , Keszthely and other points around the lake such as the Tihany Peninsula , enjoy a display of horsemanship , visit some of the wonderful vineyards of the region and , of course , a day trip to Budapest , Hungary 's capital city about 100 miles away .
these will include short local trips to heviz , keszthely and other points around the lake such as the tihany peninsula , enjoy a [show] of horsemanship , visit some of the wonderful vineyards of the region and , of course , a day trip to budapest , hungary 's capital city about 100 miles away .

Art , architecture and live sword fighting are all on display , as are the 6,333 diamonds in the ‘ Sun of Prague ’ .
art , architecture and live sword fighting are all on [show] , as are the 6,333 diamonds in the ‘ sun of prague ’ .

All Major 's appointments display careful calculation .
all major 's appointments [show] careful calculation .

And an exhibition of Shaviana , In Close-up , is currently on display at the National Portrait Gallery .
and an exhibition of shaviana , in close-up , is currently on [show] at the national portrait gallery .

Some of the excellent contemporary work included reminds us that the historical Orientalism on display is the basis of our current society 's attitude to the east .
some of the excellent contemporary work included reminds us that the historical orientalism on [show] is the basis of our current society 's attitude to the east .

Send us a cartoon or a caricature on the theme of 20th-century Oxford and we 'll publish the best two entries and display them at the Ashmolean .
send us a cartoon or a caricature on the theme of 20th-century oxford and we 'll publish the best two entries and [show] them at the ashmolean .

In fact , it is hoped to have some of the children 's embroidery work at the next ‘ Craft , Embroidery & Fashion Show ’ to be staged by Madeira Threads , once again at Harrogate , on the 12th and 13th November , where visitors will be able to buy some of the girls ' finished articles on display .
in fact , it is hoped to have some of the children 's embroidery work at the next ‘ craft , embroidery & fashion show ’ to be staged by madeira threads , once again at harrogate , on the 12th and 13th november , where visitors will be able to buy some of the girls ' finished articles on [show] .

If you want to see for yourself what it can do , keep your eyes open for Harry 's flame-red Fouga on the display circuit .
if you want to see for yourself what it can do , keep your eyes open for harry 's flame-red fouga on the [show] circuit .

One of the Moths now at Mandevelle has been on static display in a motor museum for years , and is now almost ready to leap into the air again ; an excellent idea .
one of the moths now at mandevelle has been on static [show] in a motor museum for years , and is now almost ready to leap into the air again ; an excellent idea .

These were followed by a fourth sortie of around one hour ten minutes , involving a display .
these were followed by a fourth sortie of around one hour ten minutes , involving a [show] .

An unplanned twenty-minute hold prior to the display further reduced his fuel reserves , and the pilot intended to refuel at Denham before returning to a private strip at Pangbourne .
an unplanned twenty-minute hold prior to the [show] further reduced his fuel reserves , and the pilot intended to refuel at denham before returning to a private strip at pangbourne .

Madeira once had its own peculiar forms of transport , but most of these are now seen only on display and not in use .
madeira once had its own peculiar forms of transport , but most of these are now seen only on [show] and not in use .

And then comes the most gigantic , impressive firework display in the world .
and then comes the most gigantic , impressive firework [show] in the world .

We will confine ourselves here to mentioning just four of the works on display .
we will confine ourselves here to mentioning just four of the works on [show] .

The very rich religious vestments on display date from the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries and were used for many different ceremonies .
the very rich religious vestments on [show] date from the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries and were used for many different ceremonies .

This sort of dramatic display of Judaism is the public face of Lubavitch — an ultrareligious movement that has become increasingly powerful over the past ten years .
this sort of dramatic [show] of judaism is the public face of lubavitch — an ultrareligious movement that has become increasingly powerful over the past ten years .

Perfect spacing , identical speeds , absolute harmony in the Top-of-the-Line team display at Bristol .
perfect spacing , identical speeds , absolute harmony in the top-of-the-line team [show] at bristol .

Pleasantly surprised by the dazzling laser and slide show , the old gits shake their heads in a display not seen in Europe since Syd Barrett hung up his sandals .
pleasantly surprised by the dazzling laser and slide show , the old gits shake their heads in a [show] not seen in europe since syd barrett hung up his sandals .

In desperate need of love vibes , the audience descended like a pack of ravenous wolves on St Etienne , not least because this duo of Thunderbird puppets in polo necks are now fronted solely by Stephanie , a dead ringer for the teenage Bardot who gambols about the stage in such a display of unrestrained delight , that you think ‘ this is the real thing ’ .
in desperate need of love vibes , the audience descended like a pack of ravenous wolves on st etienne , not least because this duo of thunderbird puppets in polo necks are now fronted solely by stephanie , a dead ringer for the teenage bardot who gambols about the stage in such a [show] of unrestrained delight , that you think ‘ this is the real thing ’ .

If you 're on your own , treat his display with cool disdain and simply ignore him as you walk past ; or strongly assert yourself and tell him to cover himself up at once — but remember , no threats .
if you 're on your own , treat his [show] with cool disdain and simply ignore him as you walk past ; or strongly assert yourself and tell him to cover himself up at once — but remember , no threats .

But Ramsay , concerned at this display of Dunbar 's attitude , decided that he ought to stay on a little longer at Berwick , in Seton 's support .
but ramsay , concerned at this [show] of dunbar 's attitude , decided that he ought to stay on a little longer at berwick , in seton 's support .

Many women display the chronic kind and are continuously putting themselves down .
many women [show] the chronic kind and are continuously putting themselves down .

They were a display of one family 's ability to look after the treasure of another family , treasure as represented by one carefully protected , carefully prepared girl .
they were a [show] of one family 's ability to look after the treasure of another family , treasure as represented by one carefully protected , carefully prepared girl .

After this grand display , we all drifted towards the breakfast ‘ table ’ , and as at any good party , the guests sat at table for a considerable time .
after this grand [show] , we all drifted towards the breakfast ‘ table ’ , and as at any good party , the guests sat at table for a considerable time .

The funeral was now becoming a public display of private wealth — a statement of status — rather than a dignified journey to the grave , and there were any number of tradesmen in the private sector eager to cater for the demand and , thereby , to profit from it .
the funeral was now becoming a public [show] of private wealth — a statement of status — rather than a dignified journey to the grave , and there were any number of tradesmen in the private sector eager to cater for the demand and , thereby , to profit from it .

Judging from his stock , funerals must have held some position of importance to have merited such an impressive display of hatchments .
judging from his stock , funerals must have held some position of importance to have merited such an impressive [show] of hatchments .

The head of the ‘ effigy ’ is a wax portrait — Bentham 's own head was removed , desiccated , provided with glass eyes and placed under a glass dome to sit between the feet of the auto-icon ; it , too , is now on public display — a little start-eyed , yet nevertheless recognizable ( Col. 3 ) .
the head of the ‘ effigy ’ is a wax portrait — bentham 's own head was removed , desiccated , provided with glass eyes and placed under a glass dome to sit between the feet of the auto-icon ; it , too , is now on public [show] — a little start-eyed , yet nevertheless recognizable ( col. 3 ) .

And here she stayed on public display until 1868 when it was decided not only to close the museum but also to lay Hannah Beswick to rest .
and here she stayed on public [show] until 1868 when it was decided not only to close the museum but also to lay hannah beswick to rest .

The attention paid to posture is most noticeable at the foot end , for rather than having the feet at right-angles to the ankles they are totally relaxed and display a more natural attitude of repose .
the attention paid to posture is most noticeable at the foot end , for rather than having the feet at right-angles to the ankles they are totally relaxed and [show] a more natural attitude of repose .

Wayans insists the joke is meant to lampoon those who display unwarranted fear of Aids and is no way in poor taste .
wayans insists the joke is meant to lampoon those who [show] unwarranted fear of aids and is no way in poor taste .

The Bovril Babe rejects this false display of sexuality , and gains confidence from wearing accessible yet individual , non-status fashion .
the bovril babe rejects this false [show] of sexuality , and gains confidence from wearing accessible yet individual , non-status fashion .

There is an increasing divide between those who need to display their wealth and power during hard times and those who — for humane , aesthetic or intellectual reasons — decide to adopt a look which better mirrors the times we live in .
there is an increasing divide between those who need to [show] their wealth and power during hard times and those who — for humane , aesthetic or intellectual reasons — decide to adopt a look which better mirrors the times we live in .

After being ignored by streams of tight-lipped Brits , the Goldsmiths graduate finally amassed almost 400 portraits , a selection of which are on display at the Marconi Gallery in Milan this month .
after being ignored by streams of tight-lipped brits , the goldsmiths graduate finally amassed almost 400 portraits , a selection of which are on [show] at the marconi gallery in milan this month .

The duo have been busy recently preparing their first London exhibition ( work in progress shown above , middle picture ) , a display that goes on show this month at the City Racing Gallery .
the duo have been busy recently preparing their first london exhibition ( work in progress shown above , middle picture ) , a [show] that goes on show this month at the city racing gallery .

It was n't Sky 's fault that the Premier League football on display represented the biggest mis-use of the word ‘ premier ’ since Adam and Eve learnt how to spell .
it was n't sky 's fault that the premier league football on [show] represented the biggest mis-use of the word ‘ premier ’ since adam and eve learnt how to spell .

Manville shrank back behind a display rack for a moment as his eyes moved towards the store window .
manville shrank back behind a [show] rack for a moment as his eyes moved towards the store window .

He activated the aircraft 's radar scrambling unit , switched on the moving map display and set the detection and recording equipment for fully automatic sequence .
he activated the aircraft 's radar scrambling unit , switched on the moving map [show] and set the detection and recording equipment for fully automatic sequence .

There is no way to display it .
there is no way to [show] it .

She heaved herself out and opened the trunk to display several large paper bags full of groceries .
she heaved herself out and opened the trunk to [show] several large paper bags full of groceries .

She was still telling herself she should not be put out by a kiss from a youngster who did not realize what he was doing , and she tried to nod her golden head with an appropriate display of adult wisdom , as she said : ‘ Yes , you 're wasting your time . Has your publisher asked you to go to New York ? ’
she was still telling herself she should not be put out by a kiss from a youngster who did not realize what he was doing , and she tried to nod her golden head with an appropriate [show] of adult wisdom , as she said : ‘ yes , you 're wasting your time . has your publisher asked you to go to new york ? ’

Probably the old man would announce in his window the book 's importance to Tollemarche , next time he changed the display .
probably the old man would announce in his window the book 's importance to tollemarche , next time he changed the [show] .

Menlo Park , California-based Mac-on-Unix house , Quorum Software Systems , has introduced version 1.5 of its Latitude development kit for building Unix versions of Apple Macintosh applications : it includes enhanced display performance , can read and write Mac disks on Unix workstations , supports Motif on Sun and Silicon Graphics boxes and MacApp-based applications : prices start at $6,000 .
menlo park , california-based mac-on-unix house , quorum software systems , has introduced version 1.5 of its latitude development kit for building unix versions of apple macintosh applications : it includes enhanced [show] performance , can read and write mac disks on unix workstations , supports motif on sun and silicon graphics boxes and macapp-based applications : prices start at $6,000 .

Sun Microsystems Inc turned biblical for the virtual reality display it mounted at Siggraph last week : equipped with a headset , the wearer got swallowed up and landed in the belly of a fish .
sun microsystems inc turned biblical for the virtual reality [show] it mounted at siggraph last week : equipped with a headset , the wearer got swallowed up and landed in the belly of a fish .

If you want to speak , type a message into the screen display and then press Enter
if you want to speak , type a message into the screen [show] and then press enter

All display advertisements are covered but only boxed trader classified advertisements are included .
all [show] advertisements are covered but only boxed trader classified advertisements are included .

Unless it 's a special offer , companies are n't obliged to stick to the prices they display in their ads .
unless it 's a special offer , companies are n't obliged to stick to the prices they [show] in their ads .

The company says AdPro is a graphics-based layout and design program aimed specifically at people who need to produce single and double-page display ads and flyers .
the company says adpro is a graphics-based layout and design program aimed specifically at people who need to produce single and double-page [show] ads and flyers .

It has an apps launcher and a file viewer , can compress , decompress and recover files , and display two different directory lists on a split screen for comparison .
it has an apps launcher and a file viewer , can compress , decompress and recover files , and [show] two different directory lists on a split screen for comparison .

Apart from any need to counter persistent infringement of the rules of dress and display , the number of enactments is indicative of considerable uncertainty , for not only did the legislature feel impelled to extend the terminology of rank with monetary equivalents , these latter were made the subject of continual amendment within the broad permanent framework .
apart from any need to counter persistent infringement of the rules of dress and [show] , the number of enactments is indicative of considerable uncertainty , for not only did the legislature feel impelled to extend the terminology of rank with monetary equivalents , these latter were made the subject of continual amendment within the broad permanent framework .

Its considerable size — population about 2,500 — certainly can not be the whole explanation , for a much smaller place could display a more distinctive social structure .
its considerable size — population about 2,500 — certainly can not be the whole explanation , for a much smaller place could [show] a more distinctive social structure .

X-terminal maker Tandbeg Data Display of Norway and peripherals-maker MacroTek GmbH of Dortmund , Germany , are also endorsing the PowerPC .
x-terminal maker tandbeg data [show] of norway and peripherals-maker macrotek gmbh of dortmund , germany , are also endorsing the powerpc .

Such an open display of adultery was suddenly the fashionable sport among cavalrymen , but it could too easily turn into a blood sport and the Duchess feared for Lord John 's life .
such an open [show] of adultery was suddenly the fashionable sport among cavalrymen , but it could too easily turn into a blood sport and the duchess feared for lord john 's life .

Before supper was served the Highlanders would offer the guests a display of their dancing .
before supper was served the highlanders would offer the guests a [show] of their dancing .

Some interpret their presence simply as evidence of their particular merit , as Rioch did ; use it to justify the absence of other women ; and display an exaggerated femininity .
some interpret their presence simply as evidence of their particular merit , as rioch did ; use it to justify the absence of other women ; and [show] an exaggerated femininity .

Some of their non-verbal behaviour is different , and they display less aggression .
some of their non-verbal behaviour is different , and they [show] less aggression .

Feminist psychologists also often display a conventional psychological reliance on biological interpretations of gender differences .
feminist psychologists also often [show] a conventional psychological reliance on biological interpretations of gender differences .

Bem and Locksley and Colten agree that sex-role inventories express ideas of gender in a particular community at a particular time , and so display built-in constraints and obsolescence ( Bell and Schaffer 1984 ) .
bem and locksley and colten agree that sex-role inventories express ideas of gender in a particular community at a particular time , and so [show] built-in constraints and obsolescence ( bell and schaffer 1984 ) .

Biological versions of psychological theory also display more specific gender biases .
biological versions of psychological theory also [show] more specific gender biases .

But second-wave western feminists display this approach at times .
but second-wave western feminists [show] this approach at times .

Bem 's challenge to the unchangeability of gender identities , and Gilligan 's effort to introduce an ignored theme to psychological theory , for instance , display more acute forms of conventional psychology 's oscillation between the concept of an essentially sexed , purely psychological subject , on which it centres , and the concept of a contingently gendered subject .
bem 's challenge to the unchangeability of gender identities , and gilligan 's effort to introduce an ignored theme to psychological theory , for instance , [show] more acute forms of conventional psychology 's oscillation between the concept of an essentially sexed , purely psychological subject , on which it centres , and the concept of a contingently gendered subject .

They have one short season of bloom , with large trusses of relatively small flowers , then all is over , and they have to be cut back to produce new growth for next year 's display .
they have one short season of bloom , with large trusses of relatively small flowers , then all is over , and they have to be cut back to produce new growth for next year 's [show] .

Ramblers With very few exceptions , the ramblers are distinguished from the climbers by flowering in one display of bloom and then no more , on long flexible stems that have developed the year before .
ramblers with very few exceptions , the ramblers are distinguished from the climbers by flowering in one [show] of bloom and then no more , on long flexible stems that have developed the year before .

He insisted that her body be found so he could display it crucified upon his standard .
he insisted that her body be found so he could [show] it crucified upon his standard .

‘ Two-course lunch with fruit juice , ninety-five pence , ’ Mr Mulgrove had said , and then , indicating a brightly coloured graph on a notice board , ‘ Our wastage display .
‘ two-course lunch with fruit juice , ninety-five pence , ’ mr mulgrove had said , and then , indicating a brightly coloured graph on a notice board , ‘ our wastage [show] .

Contemporary national newspapers display a number of different positions at all three levels .
contemporary national newspapers [show] a number of different positions at all three levels .

Not all news organizations display this pattern of behaviour , nor are all journalists mere interchangeable ciphers in the propaganda battle .
not all news organizations [show] this pattern of behaviour , nor are all journalists mere interchangeable ciphers in the propaganda battle .

Not only may some modern novelists display at least some of their methods , but it would appear that even the hardest of natural scientists fail to spell out all of the procedures which they follow in their research , indeed that they are sometimes unable to do so ( Mulkay 1979 ) .
not only may some modern novelists [show] at least some of their methods , but it would appear that even the hardest of natural scientists fail to spell out all of the procedures which they follow in their research , indeed that they are sometimes unable to do so ( mulkay 1979 ) .

If the brain is removed from a frog but its spinal cord left intact it will still display reflexes including defensive reactions .
if the brain is removed from a frog but its spinal cord left intact it will still [show] reflexes including defensive reactions .

As Cannon and his colleagues had already shown , animals lacking cerebral cortex could still display emotional behaviour .
as cannon and his colleagues had already shown , animals lacking cerebral cortex could still [show] emotional behaviour .

There are all kinds of art objects which display collaboration between different sorts of craftsmen .
there are all kinds of art objects which [show] collaboration between different sorts of craftsmen .

Teams of bull dancers were evidently involved and they rehearsed a repertoire of spectacular and dangerous-looking feats for the benefit of a host of onlookers : there is little doubt that the crowd of spectators shown in the Grandstand Fresco is watching a display of bull-leaping , and the Tripartite Shrine fixes the location as the Central Court of the temple .
teams of bull dancers were evidently involved and they rehearsed a repertoire of spectacular and dangerous-looking feats for the benefit of a host of onlookers : there is little doubt that the crowd of spectators shown in the grandstand fresco is watching a [show] of bull-leaping , and the tripartite shrine fixes the location as the central court of the temple .

Hunter realized both that ‘ secondary ’ sexual characters were functionally related to fighting or display and that their extent varied with ecology .
hunter realized both that ‘ secondary ’ sexual characters were functionally related to fighting or [show] and that their extent varied with ecology .

He refrained , not wishing to goad Googol into some display of bravado which might rob Jaq of such an excellent warp pilot .
he refrained , not wishing to goad googol into some [show] of bravado which might rob jaq of such an excellent warp pilot .

His black half-cloak swirled as he turned to display himself .
his black half-cloak swirled as he turned to [show] himself .

He is , she contends , typical of those thinkers ; she also includes Max Black ( 1972 ) and Stuart Hampshire ( 1959 : 97–100 ) , who are not disputing nor even interested in ‘ the very large literature of careful discussion by zoologists and psychologists about the different kinds of understanding and conceptual grasp which different sorts of animals actually display ’ ( 1983 : 57 ) .
he is , she contends , typical of those thinkers ; she also includes max black ( 1972 ) and stuart hampshire ( 1959 : 97–100 ) , who are not disputing nor even interested in ‘ the very large literature of careful discussion by zoologists and psychologists about the different kinds of understanding and conceptual grasp which different sorts of animals actually [show] ’ ( 1983 : 57 ) .

His babe in arms would be no more responsive to Lloyd George 's leonine appearance than would an accompanying parakeet in a cage and if both , having seen him , were then carried around the National Gallery , it would be equally valid to claim that they had seen the works of art on display as well .
his babe in arms would be no more responsive to lloyd george 's leonine appearance than would an accompanying parakeet in a cage and if both , having seen him , were then carried around the national gallery , it would be equally valid to claim that they had seen the works of art on [show] as well .

One shop window in Covent Garden was devoted entirely to a display of this book , and it received coveted reviews in the quality press .
one shop window in covent garden was devoted entirely to a [show] of this book , and it received coveted reviews in the quality press .

Sugar was on hand as part of a static display of aircraft on May 14 , 1956 , when Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother presented 617 Squadron with its standard .
sugar was on hand as part of a static [show] of aircraft on may 14 , 1956 , when her majesty queen elizabeth the queen mother presented 617 squadron with its standard .

Air-to-air action from the Wings of Eagles display , hosted by the National Warplane Museum , Geneseo , New York , August 17/18 , from Chuck Sloat .
air-to-air action from the wings of eagles [show] , hosted by the national warplane museum , geneseo , new york , august 17/18 , from chuck sloat .

The changes will involve the moving of some 35 aircraft that are on display inside the main Museum .
the changes will involve the moving of some 35 aircraft that are on [show] inside the main museum .

Fair Left : New — Detail from the Whittle display .
fair left : new — detail from the whittle [show] .

Those wingborne came only in historic aircraft and the flying display was a vivid expression of the joys of classic aircraft set against a near-perfect sky and on a landing ground new to the late 20th Century .
those wingborne came only in historic aircraft and the flying [show] was a vivid expression of the joys of classic aircraft set against a near-perfect sky and on a landing ground new to the late 20th century .

One of the Zeros , a Model 21 , is on display at the Caldwell Air Museum , Idaho , and the remaining pair ( both 32s ) are in storage .
one of the zeros , a model 21 , is on [show] at the caldwell air museum , idaho , and the remaining pair ( both 32s ) are in storage .

For example , both systems have input , display , storage and processing components .
for example , both systems have input , [show] , storage and processing components .

In the area of hypertext , the choice of which particular system to use is essentially a pragmatic one ; many of the available ones display appropriate behaviour at the depth to which they are likely to be investigated .
in the area of hypertext , the choice of which particular system to use is essentially a pragmatic one ; many of the available ones [show] appropriate behaviour at the depth to which they are likely to be investigated .

The system illustrated here comes in easy-to-assemble kit form , and the range includes a neat display shelf .
the system illustrated here comes in easy-to-assemble kit form , and the range includes a neat [show] shelf .

When this opening was created between two rooms , elegant display shelving , storage cupboards and stylish Victorian lace curtains were added to make it into an attractive feature
when this opening was created between two rooms , elegant [show] shelving , storage cupboards and stylish victorian lace curtains were added to make it into an attractive feature

Further items on display include a large bound pattern book from Lockett , Crossland & Co of Strangeways , which dates back to 1952 , containing over three and a half thousand samples of printed cotton fabric together with listings of the client firm for which it was produced .
further items on [show] include a large bound pattern book from lockett , crossland & co of strangeways , which dates back to 1952 , containing over three and a half thousand samples of printed cotton fabric together with listings of the client firm for which it was produced .

One property of a context is the colour used to display material within that context .
one property of a context is the colour used to [show] material within that context .

a user might choose to display the Emphasized context in a brighter colour rather than in a different font ) .
a user might choose to [show] the emphasized context in a brighter colour rather than in a different font ) .

He absconds frequently , returning home to display acting-out tendencies .
he absconds frequently , returning home to [show] acting-out tendencies .

Now display the information on the screen .
now [show] the information on the screen .

He absconds frequently , returning home to display acting-out tendencies .
he absconds frequently , returning home to [show] acting-out tendencies .

As for his critics ( Wilson et al ) , compared to the breadth of interest and activity on display here , who gives a toss what a critic thinks , apart from the critic himself ?
as for his critics ( wilson et al ) , compared to the breadth of interest and activity on [show] here , who gives a toss what a critic thinks , apart from the critic himself ?

Within a matter of moments , the computer will indicate which of the three shade-groups you suit , from Warm to Cool to Neutral , and you can choose your products from the corresponding colour sections on display .
within a matter of moments , the computer will indicate which of the three shade-groups you suit , from warm to cool to neutral , and you can choose your products from the corresponding colour sections on [show] .

Every year during the month of March a family of ragged gypsies would set up their tents near the village , and with a great uproar of pipes and kettledrums they would display new inventions .
every year during the month of march a family of ragged gypsies would set up their tents near the village , and with a great uproar of pipes and kettledrums they would [show] new inventions .

The display territory must be at least as large as the floor area of your tank — and so yours undoubtedly supposes that any female who visits him is ready to spawn .
the [show] territory must be at least as large as the floor area of your tank — and so yours undoubtedly supposes that any female who visits him is ready to spawn .

Adult fish display fire-like qualities of these glowing colours .
adult fish [show] fire-like qualities of these glowing colours .

Soft acid water in a well-planted aquarium with strong natural front lighting is needed to allow these minute beauties to display at their best .
soft acid water in a well-planted aquarium with strong natural front lighting is needed to allow these minute beauties to [show] at their best .

Marine fish have such beautiful vivid colours and it is a pity not to display these to best advantage .
marine fish have such beautiful vivid colours and it is a pity not to [show] these to best advantage .

Many irregularly shaped tanks create massive display distortion that Picasso would be proud of ! Livestock can appear to become split between two or more pieces of glass and while this may not initially seem to be a problem , it can become very irritating when you have to keep altering your viewing position to see your fish and other livestock in their entirety .
many irregularly shaped tanks create massive [show] distortion that picasso would be proud of ! livestock can appear to become split between two or more pieces of glass and while this may not initially seem to be a problem , it can become very irritating when you have to keep altering your viewing position to see your fish and other livestock in their entirety .

Pressing her finger against a four foot display tank , she said , ‘ What type of fish is that please ?
pressing her finger against a four foot [show] tank , she said , ‘ what type of fish is that please ?

Both means provide for display and navigation through documents .
both means provide for [show] and navigation through documents .

Founder member of the National Aeronautical Collection , the Cody Biplane set against the excellent World War One era supporting display .
founder member of the national aeronautical collection , the cody biplane set against the excellent world war one era supporting [show] .

Within the massiveness of the Science Museum , the Aeronautical Gallery can be found on the top floor and it was up here that the careful replanning and reshaping of the exhibits and display space took place .
within the massiveness of the science museum , the aeronautical gallery can be found on the top floor and it was up here that the careful replanning and reshaping of the exhibits and [show] space took place .

Collectors Aircraft Models are a range of hand-crafted wooden desk-top models fully finished in authentic liveries from Executive Display Models .
collectors aircraft models are a range of hand-crafted wooden desk-top models fully finished in authentic liveries from executive [show] models .

Illustrating the size of this large single-seat , single-engined fighter , owner Lindsay Walton stands proudly in front of his ‘ steed ’ at this years Great Warbirds Air Display , held at Wroughton over the August Bank Holiday weekend .
illustrating the size of this large single-seat , single-engined fighter , owner lindsay walton stands proudly in front of his ‘ steed ’ at this years great warbirds air [show] , held at wroughton over the august bank holiday weekend .

With Lindsey 's Corsair being the only one of its type in Europe , airshow organisers had to approach him if they wanted a Corsair in their flying display , and for the first few years John Allison and Lindsey flew all over Europe with the aircraft .
with lindsey 's corsair being the only one of its type in europe , airshow organisers had to approach him if they wanted a corsair in their flying [show] , and for the first few years john allison and lindsey flew all over europe with the aircraft .

In 1983 John Watts , then an up-and-coming warbird pilot , flew the aircraft at that year 's Biggin Hill Air Fair , and later took the aircraft out to a display in Belgium .
in 1983 john watts , then an up-and-coming warbird pilot , flew the aircraft at that year 's biggin hill air fair , and later took the aircraft out to a [show] in belgium .

Have you ever wondered what has happened to all those travel agents or airline display models seen behind plate glass windows in the high street ?
have you ever wondered what has happened to all those travel agents or airline [show] models seen behind plate glass windows in the high street ?

Tangmere Military Aviation Museum have achieved their goal of building a display hall — and in double quick time .
tangmere military aviation museum have achieved their goal of building a [show] hall — and in double quick time .

By now it was painfully clear that an aircraft display hall was the route for the Museum to take , if it were to secure the long term .
by now it was painfully clear that an aircraft [show] hall was the route for the museum to take , if it were to secure the long term .

Her letter says ‘ The standard of knitwear on display in the shop is nothing short of haute couture which reflects the activity of the shop .
her letter says ‘ the standard of knitwear on [show] in the shop is nothing short of haute couture which reflects the activity of the shop .

Sue runs workshops on knitting including the professional finishing that is in evidence in the display garments .
sue runs workshops on knitting including the professional finishing that is in evidence in the [show] garments .

The colours used to display the grid , cursor , text and screen background can all be independently set so that they do not interfere with the design itself .
the colours used to [show] the grid , cursor , text and screen background can all be independently set so that they do not interfere with the design itself .

The information is all contained in the columns of figures , but the knitting instructions appear on your console , or Form Computer display , rather than having to be written out in the printed pattern .
the information is all contained in the columns of figures , but the knitting instructions appear on your console , or form computer [show] , rather than having to be written out in the printed pattern .

The remainder of the figures relate to the original garment and act as codes , telling the program what to do , where to do it and what to display on the screen to ask you , the knitter , what to do next .
the remainder of the figures relate to the original garment and act as codes , telling the program what to do , where to do it and what to [show] on the screen to ask you , the knitter , what to do next .

About 1,700 people were watching the weekend display at an 11th-century castle at Pevensey , Sussex .
about 1,700 people were watching the weekend [show] at an 11th-century castle at pevensey , sussex .

‘ It 's tragic that this display resulted in injury — but fortunate that the injuries were minor . ’
‘ it 's tragic that this [show] resulted in injury — but fortunate that the injuries were minor . ’

The Pevensey station has organised a firework display for the last four years .
the pevensey station has organised a firework [show] for the last four years .

Diana will open a display of British goods in a Korean department store while Charles talks to young businessmen .
diana will open a [show] of british goods in a korean department store while charles talks to young businessmen .

She drove through an area of shops , where already fruiterers were stacking their display boxes out on the pavement .
she drove through an area of shops , where already fruiterers were stacking their [show] boxes out on the pavement .

From here he could see the two talking men quite clearly , and he picked up various objects on display , looking at them quite interestedly , and keeping only half an eye on the scene outside .
from here he could see the two talking men quite clearly , and he picked up various objects on [show] , looking at them quite interestedly , and keeping only half an eye on the scene outside .

She was almost hidden behind a display of dolls and puppets , and was painting the facial features on an exotic looking doll .
she was almost hidden behind a [show] of dolls and puppets , and was painting the facial features on an exotic looking doll .

Although the decisive opening goal , a brilliant volley by Nayim , owed nothing to planning , it was just reward for a display that emphasised the spirit of resilience that now prevails at the club .
although the decisive opening goal , a brilliant volley by nayim , owed nothing to planning , it was just reward for a [show] that emphasised the spirit of resilience that now prevails at the club .

Muller helped Natal beat Transvaal 14–13 in the Currie Cup final , and his display confirmed what the Springbok selectors suspected — they have a star on their hands .
muller helped natal beat transvaal 14–13 in the currie cup final , and his [show] confirmed what the springbok selectors suspected — they have a star on their hands .

It was an emphatic display by Rangers on a night when the lights went out for all English interest in Europe .
it was an emphatic [show] by rangers on a night when the lights went out for all english interest in europe .

Leeds , producing another inspired display in an enthralling match , were denied by exceptional goalkeeping from Andy Goram .
leeds , producing another inspired [show] in an enthralling match , were denied by exceptional goalkeeping from andy goram .

‘ That was evident in our performance at Elland Road , where we produced a display of controlled football .
‘ that was evident in our performance at elland road , where we produced a [show] of controlled football .

And more disturbingly for the other clubs with ambition , the display promises even greater deeds .
and more disturbingly for the other clubs with ambition , the [show] promises even greater deeds .

The Welsh striker capped a rousing display from the Anfield outfit with his 200th League goal , a triumph that swept away the disappointment of Wednesday night 's Cup Winners ' Cup exit .
the welsh striker capped a rousing [show] from the anfield outfit with his 200th league goal , a triumph that swept away the disappointment of wednesday night 's cup winners ' cup exit .

But McMahon , who passed for 157 yards and a touchdown , ignited the Eagles ' best display for five weeks .
but mcmahon , who passed for 157 yards and a touchdown , ignited the eagles ' best [show] for five weeks .

More than 300 Londoners boosted the crowd to just under 1,000 and boss Phil Holder was delighted with the display at the Del Duca Stadium .
more than 300 londoners boosted the crowd to just under 1,000 and boss phil holder was delighted with the [show] at the del duca stadium .

He enthused : ‘ We gave a very disciplined display and did what we set out to do — win convincingly . ’
he enthused : ‘ we gave a very disciplined [show] and did what we set out to do — win convincingly . ’

It was a disappointing display and we were fortunate to come away with a point .
it was a disappointing [show] and we were fortunate to come away with a point .

He enthused : ‘ We gave a very disciplined display and did what we set out to do , win convincingly .
he enthused : ‘ we gave a very disciplined [show] and did what we set out to do , win convincingly .

We did n't manage that level of display against a big and strong Canadian team at Wembley .
we did n't manage that level of [show] against a big and strong canadian team at wembley .

There is no doubt , despite the euphoria surrounding England 's 4–0 disposal of Turkey and the impressive all-round team display that went with it , that if you take Gascoigne out of the equation , you are left with an ordinary team .
there is no doubt , despite the euphoria surrounding england 's 4–0 disposal of turkey and the impressive all-round team [show] that went with it , that if you take gascoigne out of the equation , you are left with an ordinary team .

Fit-again Gascoigne was centre stage with a virtuoso display and two goals , and Taylor also soaked his other players in a sea of praise .
fit-again gascoigne was centre stage with a virtuoso [show] and two goals , and taylor also soaked his other players in a sea of praise .

Still bubbling after his irresistible display against Turkey in midweek , Wright is looking to inflict more damage on Leeds ' porous defence , which has leaked 28 goals in 15 games — more than any Premier League side .
still bubbling after his irresistible [show] against turkey in midweek , wright is looking to inflict more damage on leeds ' porous defence , which has leaked 28 goals in 15 games — more than any premier league side .

Sainz produced a typically uncompromising display in his Toyota Celica around the stately homes and racing circuits of the north Midlands .
sainz produced a typically uncompromising [show] in his toyota celica around the stately homes and racing circuits of the north midlands .

Arsenal 's lack of genuine quality in midfield was made all the more painful by a fine display by David Rocastle .
arsenal 's lack of genuine quality in midfield was made all the more painful by a fine [show] by david rocastle .

Platt has become an integral part of a midfield unit which has been designed by Taylor to give Paul Gascoigne the freedom to display his full repertoire of skills .
platt has become an integral part of a midfield unit which has been designed by taylor to give paul gascoigne the freedom to [show] his full repertoire of skills .

Les Ferdinand , England 's most recent recruit , showed why Graham Taylor has given him international recognition with a stunning first-half display of power and pace .
les ferdinand , england 's most recent recruit , showed why graham taylor has given him international recognition with a stunning first-half [show] of power and pace .

‘ At least Neville Southall 's still here — and thank God for that , ’ he said after another stunning display from the man in black .
‘ at least neville southall 's still here — and thank god for that , ’ he said after another stunning [show] from the man in black .

In the gold and green corner snorts Willie ‘ Tongan Torpedo ’ Ofahengaue , back-row batterer for the world champions , whose most recent display , against Wales in Cardiff last week , made the capacity crowd wince .
in the gold and green corner snorts willie ‘ tongan torpedo ’ ofahengaue , back-row batterer for the world champions , whose most recent [show] , against wales in cardiff last week , made the capacity crowd wince .

Villa 's contribution to Walker 's celebrations was their worst defensive display of the season and an embarrassing individual performance by England Under-21 international Ugo Ehiogu , who failed to live up to the big pre-match build-up given him by Ron Atkinson .
villa 's contribution to walker 's celebrations was their worst defensive [show] of the season and an embarrassing individual performance by england under-21 international ugo ehiogu , who failed to live up to the big pre-match build-up given him by ron atkinson .

It kept Lazio 's pride intact , saved coach Dino Zoff from the sack , and Gascoigne , after a poor individual display , from severe criticism .
it kept lazio 's pride intact , saved coach dino zoff from the sack , and gascoigne , after a poor individual [show] , from severe criticism .

Swindon produced a display of superb possession football in the second half and deservedly drew level with Craig Maskell 's 17th goal of the season — a 58th-minute shot at the near post from a hard-driven cross by David Kerslake .
swindon produced a [show] of superb possession football in the second half and deservedly drew level with craig maskell 's 17th goal of the season — a 58th-minute shot at the near post from a hard-driven cross by david kerslake .

She fell heavily , landing on the marble hearth of the fireplace and shattering the display vase of flowers .
she fell heavily , landing on the marble hearth of the fireplace and shattering the [show] vase of flowers .

After spending a day settling in to their hotel rooms and enjoying a display by the Orange County Police Department , the children began to bubble over with excitement at the thought of visiting Disney 's Magic Kingdom .
after spending a day settling in to their hotel rooms and enjoying a [show] by the orange county police department , the children began to bubble over with excitement at the thought of visiting disney 's magic kingdom .

At its most basic , the message sent from a small dashboard display would give information about the make and model of car , its registration number and position — but there 's no reason why it could n't also relate that the driver was a woman alone or a disabled person .
at its most basic , the message sent from a small dashboard [show] would give information about the make and model of car , its registration number and position — but there 's no reason why it could n't also relate that the driver was a woman alone or a disabled person .

As anyone with regular access to the colour supplements knows , the human embryo and foetus display marked changes during the nine months of gestation .
as anyone with regular access to the colour supplements knows , the human embryo and foetus [show] marked changes during the nine months of gestation .

Humans are not the only animals to display the habit known as pair-bonding — the practice whereby parents stay together throughout the time that their offspring require to attain adulthood .
humans are not the only animals to [show] the habit known as pair-bonding — the practice whereby parents stay together throughout the time that their offspring require to attain adulthood .

Even a picture measuring 30 × 25cm ( 12 × 10in ) , which is large enough to display quite a few flowers and takes a fair amount of skill , would only need a backing 30cm ( 12in ) square , so ½m ( ½yd ) of material could be enough for about eight pictures , depending on the width of the material .
even a picture measuring 30 × 25cm ( 12 × 10in ) , which is large enough to [show] quite a few flowers and takes a fair amount of skill , would only need a backing 30cm ( 12in ) square , so ½m ( ½yd ) of material could be enough for about eight pictures , depending on the width of the material .

The photograph on the facing page shows various ways in which miniatures can be grouped together to make an effective display .
the photograph on the facing page shows various ways in which miniatures can be grouped together to make an effective [show] .

Bedrooms are very popular display areas for pressed flower pictures , perhaps because they are gentle and attractive wall decorations that can blend well with the soft tones many people like to use in their bedrooms .
bedrooms are very popular [show] areas for pressed flower pictures , perhaps because they are gentle and attractive wall decorations that can blend well with the soft tones many people like to use in their bedrooms .

Having chosen the photograph that you wish to display , you must then decide on the amount of card with which you wish to surround it .
having chosen the photograph that you wish to [show] , you must then decide on the amount of card with which you wish to surround it .

You can also use this idea for other photographs that you might not otherwise have put out on display .
you can also use this idea for other photographs that you might not otherwise have put out on [show] .

Motorists queued yesterday outside the plant to buy bargain £4 bottles from the display on trestle tables .
motorists queued yesterday outside the plant to buy bargain £4 bottles from the [show] on trestle tables .

threatening or abusive or insulting words or behaviour or distribute or display to another person any writing , sign or other visible representation , namely … which is threatening abusive or insulting ,
threatening or abusive or insulting words or behaviour or distribute or [show] to another person any writing , sign or other visible representation , namely … which is threatening abusive or insulting ,

‘ threatening or abusive or insulting words or behaviour or distribute or display to another person any writing , sign or other visible representation , namely … which is threatening , abusive or insulting ’ The phrases mean the same as under the old Section 5 Public Order Act 1936 .
‘ threatening or abusive or insulting words or behaviour or distribute or [show] to another person any writing , sign or other visible representation , namely … which is threatening , abusive or insulting ’ the phrases mean the same as under the old section 5 public order act 1936 .

‘ threatening or abusive or insulting words or behaviour or distribute or display to another person any writing , sign or other visible representation , namely … which is threatening , abusive or insulting ’ The type of actions used by the offender should be explained in the witness statement ( s ) .
‘ threatening or abusive or insulting words or behaviour or distribute or [show] to another person any writing , sign or other visible representation , namely … which is threatening , abusive or insulting ’ the type of actions used by the offender should be explained in the witness statement ( s ) .

display any writing , sign or other visible representation which was threatening , abusive or insulting ,
[show] any writing , sign or other visible representation which was threatening , abusive or insulting ,

The woman walked around Masklin and Angalo as if they were items on display .
the woman walked around masklin and angalo as if they were items on [show] .

This is hardly the best example to set to an electorate that is constantly being urged to display pay and other financial restraints .
this is hardly the best example to set to an electorate that is constantly being urged to [show] pay and other financial restraints .

And the onus will be on employers to ensure their offices comply with the Display Screen Regulations .
and the onus will be on employers to ensure their offices comply with the [show] screen regulations .

Most Amiga games can display between 32 and 64 colours on screen at once .
most amiga games can [show] between 32 and 64 colours on screen at once .

‘ We will open on Friday , Saturday and Sunday throughout the summit with a big display showing the prices that would be charged if it were not for the Common Agricultural Policy , ’ says a spokesman .
‘ we will open on friday , saturday and sunday throughout the summit with a big [show] showing the prices that would be charged if it were not for the common agricultural policy , ’ says a spokesman .

But why does this event persist in subjecting us to long rows of tap dancers , a breed of people whose only function in life is to display the disgusting effects of sweat and sequins under neon ?
but why does this event persist in subjecting us to long rows of tap dancers , a breed of people whose only function in life is to [show] the disgusting effects of sweat and sequins under neon ?

In an untypical display of linguistic diarrhoea , Mr Head 's character finally managed several sentences all in one go this week .
in an untypical [show] of linguistic diarrhoea , mr head 's character finally managed several sentences all in one go this week .

Orlan , 45 , is currently showing a video of her last operation as she tours Australia to display herself as a living work of art .
orlan , 45 , is currently showing a video of her last operation as she tours australia to [show] herself as a living work of art .

Even when the dissatisfied chants of fans were clearly audible from this potato 's couch , Watt insisted that they 'd got their money 's worth from Eubank 's great display .
even when the dissatisfied chants of fans were clearly audible from this potato 's couch , watt insisted that they 'd got their money 's worth from eubank 's great [show] .

Gascoigne 's header just four minutes from time — his first league goal since he joined Lazio this season — was a rare moment of inspiration in an otherwise dull display , they said .
gascoigne 's header just four minutes from time — his first league goal since he joined lazio this season — was a rare moment of inspiration in an otherwise dull [show] , they said .

That 's the view of Roker boss Malcolm Crosby following another impressive display from 18-year-old Michael Gray at Luton .
that 's the view of roker boss malcolm crosby following another impressive [show] from 18-year-old michael gray at luton .

‘ Anders has the ability to decide a match with one display of his skills .
‘ anders has the ability to decide a match with one [show] of his skills .

And as midfielder Ian Crook , who gave a fine passing display against his old team says , the clubs most fancied to topple the Canaries — Villa , Manchester United , and Blackburn — have yet to visit Carrow Road .
and as midfielder ian crook , who gave a fine passing [show] against his old team says , the clubs most fancied to topple the canaries — villa , manchester united , and blackburn — have yet to visit carrow road .

Meanwhile , Premier League leading scorer Alan Shearer looks certain to shake off the leg injury that cut short his two-goal display against Leeds on Boxing Day in time for Blackburn 's visist to Ipswich today .
meanwhile , premier league leading scorer alan shearer looks certain to shake off the leg injury that cut short his two-goal [show] against leeds on boxing day in time for blackburn 's visist to ipswich today .

We can only improve on the Coventry display and that 's what we have to do .
we can only improve on the coventry [show] and that 's what we have to do .

It was a display which earned high praise , not least from Coventry boss Bobby Gould .
it was a [show] which earned high praise , not least from coventry boss bobby gould .

To complete the feeling that we had dreamed up the whole of this year 's Wimbledon , Andre Agassi took the men 's title with a back court display that made a mockery of the only seed that really counts there — the grass seed .
to complete the feeling that we had dreamed up the whole of this year 's wimbledon , andre agassi took the men 's title with a back court [show] that made a mockery of the only seed that really counts there — the grass seed .

Run For Free did his best to eject Mark Perrett seven from home , but apart from that he put up a superb display of jumping .
run for free did his best to eject mark perrett seven from home , but apart from that he put up a superb [show] of jumping .

His all-round display delighted coach Doug Livermore , who rates the little striker one of the most exciting and explosive talents in football .
his all-round [show] delighted coach doug livermore , who rates the little striker one of the most exciting and explosive talents in football .

But Kendall 's men made light of any suggestion of a crisis with an irresistible first-half display .
but kendall 's men made light of any suggestion of a crisis with an irresistible first-half [show] .

Souness , diverting publicity away from his side 's inept display , insisted he would quit football if more clubs adopted the tactics he claimed Palace used in Tuesday 's clash at Anfield , which finished 1-1 .
souness , diverting publicity away from his side 's inept [show] , insisted he would quit football if more clubs adopted the tactics he claimed palace used in tuesday 's clash at anfield , which finished 1-1 .

Indeed , it was a similar display to the one they produced at White Hart Lane in March when they put Spurs out of this competition in the semi-finals last season .
indeed , it was a similar [show] to the one they produced at white hart lane in march when they put spurs out of this competition in the semi-finals last season .

Andrew said : ‘ This was the perfect return to domestic rugby for me and a fine display by an experimental side .
andrew said : ‘ this was the perfect return to domestic rugby for me and a fine [show] by an experimental side .

Clark produced another dazzling display to help Keegan celebrate his November Manager-of-the-Month award in impressive style .
clark produced another dazzling [show] to help keegan celebrate his november manager-of-the-month award in impressive style .

As the England striker prepares for today 's potentially explosive clash at Spurs , the Gunners chief gave Wright unreserved support despite his controversial display at Southampton last weekend .
as the england striker prepares for today 's potentially explosive clash at spurs , the gunners chief gave wright unreserved support despite his controversial [show] at southampton last weekend .

‘ Our display was better than the result and the lads did themselves proud but sometimes Lady Luck dictates how things go .
‘ our [show] was better than the result and the lads did themselves proud but sometimes lady luck dictates how things go .

Their success was built upon a resolute defensive display , shutting out 12-goal Dean Saunders .
their success was built upon a resolute defensive [show] , shutting out 12-goal dean saunders .

Sybillin put up a bold display when successful over the two-mile Victor Chandler course and distance last month , and FitzGerald 's reaction to the weight was positive .
sybillin put up a bold [show] when successful over the two-mile victor chandler course and distance last month , and fitzgerald 's reaction to the weight was positive .

And in 73 minutes of an uninspiring game at Stamford Bridge , Sharpe showed why United , despite a poor display , are more viable contenders for the title than London 's leading candidates .
and in 73 minutes of an uninspiring game at stamford bridge , sharpe showed why united , despite a poor [show] , are more viable contenders for the title than london 's leading candidates .

Inzamam-ul-Haq hit 83 in a polished display .
inzamam-ul-haq hit 83 in a polished [show] .

These water-courses or ‘ serpent currents ’ have counterparts in the Chinese ‘ Dragon Currents ’ and the ‘ ley lines ’ of Britain which display , at certain points , intense degrees of electro-magnetic anomaly .
these water-courses or ‘ serpent currents ’ have counterparts in the chinese ‘ dragon currents ’ and the ‘ ley lines ’ of britain which [show] , at certain points , intense degrees of electro-magnetic anomaly .

‘ Law and order prevail from the highest to the smallest , and to suggest that there is any chaos is merely to display our lack of information .
‘ law and order prevail from the highest to the smallest , and to suggest that there is any chaos is merely to [show] our lack of information .

The Corporation ignored this scheme and the company did not display the numbers on the cars , but they were shown on the folder maps issued by the three companies from 1916 . The Metropolitan Electric Tramways already allocated class letters to their cars ( always referred to as ‘ Type ’ letters ) ; the other two companies were brought into line as follows : —
the corporation ignored this scheme and the company did not [show] the numbers on the cars , but they were shown on the folder maps issued by the three companies from 1916 . the metropolitan electric tramways already allocated class letters to their cars ( always referred to as ‘ type ’ letters ) ; the other two companies were brought into line as follows : —

What transpired was a superb display in the line-outs and the driving rucks , where Garryowen 's Waikato lock , Brent Anderson , gave a typical display , well backed by no.8 Ben Cronin and Robert Costello at lock , but particularly by an astoundingly good all round performance by the 20-year-old hooker , Keith Wood .
what transpired was a superb [show] in the line-outs and the driving rucks , where garryowen 's waikato lock , brent anderson , gave a typical [show] , well backed by no.8 ben cronin and robert costello at lock , but particularly by an astoundingly good all round performance by the 20-year-old hooker , keith wood .

QuickTime enables desktop computers to display video in a small corner of the screen .
quicktime enables desktop computers to [show] video in a small corner of the screen .

Anyone nominated for a partnership now has to go through a two-day assessment and take part in simulated exercises that test the ability to display initiative in seeking new business .
anyone nominated for a partnership now has to go through a two-day assessment and take part in simulated exercises that test the ability to [show] initiative in seeking new business .

‘ Tom Thumb ’ left a set of his own clothes as a comparison and both are now on display in Stamford Museum .
‘ tom thumb ’ left a set of his own clothes as a comparison and both are now on [show] in stamford museum .

Perhaps the display asked more questions than it answered but it 's clear that the young stars are staking claims early .
perhaps the [show] asked more questions than it answered but it 's clear that the young stars are staking claims early .

Biarritz fullback Serge Blanco scythes a path through the Toulon defence during a faultless display in his first and last Championship final .
biarritz fullback serge blanco scythes a path through the toulon defence during a faultless [show] in his first and last championship final .

That , however , was not the end of the affair as Kevin Bean , the English-born manager of the Froggies , marched towards the organisers to display a player with a sprig-marked rib-cage .
that , however , was not the end of the affair as kevin bean , the english-born manager of the froggies , marched towards the organisers to [show] a player with a sprig-marked rib-cage .

One of the many clocks on display — and for sale — at the Dazzle exhibition
one of the many clocks on [show] — and for sale — at the dazzle exhibition

However , there are some women who display total commitment to their men without appearing to need the safety net of marriage .
however , there are some women who [show] total commitment to their men without appearing to need the safety net of marriage .

Onions are the link to take us to the nearby open market where we see these and other vegetables on display .
onions are the link to take us to the nearby open market where we see these and other vegetables on [show] .

He built a new business in areas such as paintbrushes and retail display systems .
he built a new business in areas such as paintbrushes and retail [show] systems .

The employer 's main duties are to assess display screen equipment workstations and reduce any risks that are discovered ; ensure that workstations satisfy minimum requirements in terms of the display screen itself , the keyboard , desk and chair , working environment and task design and software ; plan work on display screen equipment so that the user has breaks or changes of activity ; and to provide information and training for display equipment users .
the employer 's main duties are to assess [show] screen equipment workstations and reduce any risks that are discovered ; ensure that workstations satisfy minimum requirements in terms of the [show] screen itself , the keyboard , desk and chair , working environment and task design and software ; plan work on [show] screen equipment so that the user has breaks or changes of activity ; and to provide information and training for [show] equipment users .

They display three main characteristics .
they [show] three main characteristics .

But yesterday the company said the Raffles cigarettes sold in the shop were £2.02 , not £1.98 , and therefore did not add up to £17.47 , implying that the two men changed the display price to suit their story .
but yesterday the company said the raffles cigarettes sold in the shop were £2.02 , not £1.98 , and therefore did not add up to £17.47 , implying that the two men changed the [show] price to suit their story .

The poachers are operating in Somerset 's Quantock Hills , shooting stags and hacking off their heads and antlers to display as trophies .
the poachers are operating in somerset 's quantock hills , shooting stags and hacking off their heads and antlers to [show] as trophies .

All that was left yesterday was a ‘ display removed ’ sign .
all that was left yesterday was a ‘ [show] removed ’ sign .

He said the landscaping was part of a conservation display and helped ‘ bang the drum ’ for British agriculture .
he said the landscaping was part of a conservation [show] and helped ‘ bang the drum ’ for british agriculture .

• a high quality monitor to display the documents prior to printing .
• a high quality monitor to [show] the documents prior to printing .

One sees once more how a failure in the proper conceptualization of the issues to be investigated can compromise an enquiry , no matter how much empirical evidence is on display .
one sees once more how a failure in the proper conceptualization of the issues to be investigated can compromise an enquiry , no matter how much empirical evidence is on [show] .

The business depends on telephone contact , so its telephone systems are equally sophisticated — a display shows instant by instant how many calls have been handled and how many are waiting .
the business depends on telephone contact , so its telephone systems are equally sophisticated — a [show] shows instant by instant how many calls have been handled and how many are waiting .

And the swans display
and the swans [show]

Sexual expression : Workers can display prejudice against lesbians and gay men in care
sexual expression : workers can [show] prejudice against lesbians and gay men in care

They will then dive and display and peer at you with their ‘ redcurrant ’ eye , as if seeking approval .
they will then dive and [show] and peer at you with their ‘ redcurrant ’ eye , as if seeking approval .

But in summer the male ruff is an amazing-looking bird with a variously coloured ‘ ruff ’ of long feathers round its neck which it can fan out in nuptial display .
but in summer the male ruff is an amazing-looking bird with a variously coloured ‘ ruff ’ of long feathers round its neck which it can fan out in nuptial [show] .

Two birds swooping through the air at tremendous speed caught our eye , and we watched spellbound as a pair of long-tailed skuas gave a tremendous display of aerobatics before settling on the tundra not far away .
two birds swooping through the air at tremendous speed caught our eye , and we watched spellbound as a pair of long-tailed skuas gave a tremendous [show] of aerobatics before settling on the tundra not far away .

2 ) , demonstrating that the critical variable was the location of the dividing contour in relation to the green figure , rather than in relation to the patient or to the display as a whole .
2 ) , demonstrating that the critical variable was the location of the dividing contour in relation to the green figure , rather than in relation to the patient or to the [show] as a whole .

Many of the cells that respond to calcium-mobilizing agonists display a repetitive pattern of calcium spikes whose frequency is sensitive to both agonist concentration and the level of external calcium .
many of the cells that respond to calcium-mobilizing agonists [show] a repetitive pattern of calcium spikes whose frequency is sensitive to both agonist concentration and the level of external calcium .

Crested auklets of both sexes approached the models as in natural courtship encounters , performing four types of stereotyped courtship display ( arch , hunch , ruff-sniff and touch ) to opposite sex models .
crested auklets of both sexes approached the models as in natural courtship encounters , performing four types of stereotyped courtship [show] ( arch , hunch , ruff-sniff and touch ) to opposite sex models .

In our model experiments , 29 % of approaching females and 20 % of approaching males performed a sexual display , other individuals merely looked at the model before departing .
in our model experiments , 29 % of approaching females and 20 % of approaching males performed a sexual [show] , other individuals merely looked at the model before departing .

Nonetheless , a plan to enlarge the main Prado building has unleashed a passionate controversy — not least because the suggested extension would not even be used for the permanent display of works of art .
nonetheless , a plan to enlarge the main prado building has unleashed a passionate controversy — not least because the suggested extension would not even be used for the permanent [show] of works of art .

It does not deal directly with the main problem of providing more room for permanent display .
it does not deal directly with the main problem of providing more room for permanent [show] .

His plans have recently gone on display to the public .
his plans have recently gone on [show] to the public .

But the preparatory sketches he made throughout his life , 300 of which are on display at this exhibition , show that a careful process of synthesis lay behind each work .
but the preparatory sketches he made throughout his life , 300 of which are on [show] at this exhibition , show that a careful process of synthesis lay behind each work .

Shining examples of prisons as decent and constructive places generally are brief episodes , often associated with particular staff members who display a combination of exceptional vision , determination and charisma .
shining examples of prisons as decent and constructive places generally are brief episodes , often associated with particular staff members who [show] a combination of exceptional vision , determination and charisma .

It did not display , perhaps could not have done so , the depth of biblical scholarship that the later encyclical did so much to encourage .
it did not [show] , perhaps could not have done so , the depth of biblical scholarship that the later encyclical did so much to encourage .

It was crowded , and there was nothing on display that she thought appropriate .
it was crowded , and there was nothing on [show] that she thought appropriate .

As the speed of the display slowed he seemed to catch — oh so fleetingly — a woman 's face in the mêlêe .
as the speed of the [show] slowed he seemed to catch — oh so fleetingly — a woman 's face in the mêlêe .

He 'd returned to the table , his chin wiped , and was determined to reassert himself following his unmanly display .
he 'd returned to the table , his chin wiped , and was determined to reassert himself following his unmanly [show] .

The brightest splash in the newsagent was probably the display of orange and green Penguin paperbacks — the main paperbacks available .
the brightest splash in the newsagent was probably the [show] of orange and green penguin paperbacks — the main paperbacks available .

Provincials also benefited from local display advertising ( linked directly to retail sales activity ) and from classified ads ( dependent on households and population size ) .
provincials also benefited from local [show] advertising ( linked directly to retail sales activity ) and from classified ads ( dependent on households and population size ) .

These generally had a larger proportion of advertising , and the higher the circulation , the greater was the amount of classified rather than display ads , which was the opposite of the nationals .
these generally had a larger proportion of advertising , and the higher the circulation , the greater was the amount of classified rather than [show] ads , which was the opposite of the nationals .

Andrew Gurr claimed to detect ‘ a rather remarkable pattern of shifts between ‘ you ’ and ‘ thou ’ ’ , only to admit that the ‘ sequence ’ as a whole showed ‘ a remarkable display of inconsistency ’ and so concentrated on Sonnets 1–17 .
andrew gurr claimed to detect ‘ a rather remarkable pattern of shifts between ‘ you ’ and ‘ thou ’ ’ , only to admit that the ‘ sequence ’ as a whole showed ‘ a remarkable [show] of inconsistency ’ and so concentrated on sonnets 1–17 .

This would still leave the vaults of the Prado in Madrid with approximately five times the number of paintings that it can display at any one time .
this would still leave the vaults of the prado in madrid with approximately five times the number of paintings that it can [show] at any one time .

The tribal offices , all new wood and glass on the outside , display inside the usual shabby carpet , naked wiring and desultory groups of jobless Indians , eating snacks .
the tribal offices , all new wood and glass on the outside , [show] inside the usual shabby carpet , naked wiring and desultory groups of jobless indians , eating snacks .

In poor countries , recycling is commonplace : markets in Bangladesh display selections of secondhand Coke bottles , and little boys in Ouagadougou sell cast-off plastic bags .
in poor countries , recycling is commonplace : markets in bangladesh [show] selections of secondhand coke bottles , and little boys in ouagadougou sell cast-off plastic bags .

He has to choose , publicly , between the many ‘ Clintons ’ that are on display .
he has to choose , publicly , between the many ‘ clintons ’ that are on [show] .

Mr Major has about a year to display it .
mr major has about a year to [show] it .

The fireworks display that heralded the opening of Antwerp 93 went off like a damp squib .
the fireworks [show] that heralded the opening of antwerp 93 went off like a damp squib .

At a press conference afterwards Mr Cools blamed Mr Antonis for choosing Pierre-Alain Hubert , a Frenchman , rather than Eugeen Hendrickz , a local pyrotechnician , to run the fireworks display .
at a press conference afterwards mr cools blamed mr antonis for choosing pierre-alain hubert , a frenchman , rather than eugeen hendrickz , a local pyrotechnician , to run the fireworks [show] .

But it was good television rather than a convincing display of military might .
but it was good television rather than a convincing [show] of military might .

After a 16-year ban , shops will now be allowed to display English ( or Italian or other language ) signs outside , so long as an accompanying French sign is ‘ markedly predominant ’ — that is , twice as big .
after a 16-year ban , shops will now be allowed to [show] english ( or italian or other language ) signs outside , so long as an accompanying french sign is ‘ markedly predominant ’ — that is , twice as big .

In the classroom , photos of the trip to the seaside were on display and there were small circular tables .
in the classroom , photos of the trip to the seaside were on [show] and there were small circular tables .

There were three display screens , two sets of control panels and , over and above all , a considerable number of heavily padded earphones .
there were three [show] screens , two sets of control panels and , over and above all , a considerable number of heavily padded earphones .

In both classroom and staffroom they want to be authentic and energetic : to be able to display their enthusiasm and true beliefs without being disparaged .
in both classroom and staffroom they want to be authentic and energetic : to be able to [show] their enthusiasm and true beliefs without being disparaged .

What keeps most teachers going are these intermittent flashes of light , which they often hoard , like interesting shells found on a beach , and can proudly display if asked .
what keeps most teachers going are these intermittent flashes of light , which they often hoard , like interesting shells found on a beach , and can proudly [show] if asked .

Given that nobody ( except the academics , who do n't count ) was talking education , the dispute about pay and conditions provided an alternative hoarding on which to display their disquiet .
given that nobody ( except the academics , who do n't count ) was talking education , the dispute about pay and conditions provided an alternative hoarding on which to [show] their disquiet .

Some people literally develop another life in which they display a side of themselves that would shock their pupils as much as their colleagues if they were to find out .
some people literally develop another life in which they [show] a side of themselves that would shock their pupils as much as their colleagues if they were to find out .

But , as well as rail-borne steam , there will also be a fascinating display of brightly painted road traction engines from throughout Dorset adjacent to the restored Victorian goods shed at Swanage station .
but , as well as rail-borne steam , there will also be a fascinating [show] of brightly painted road traction engines from throughout dorset adjacent to the restored victorian goods shed at swanage station .

In the Russian Museum itself , Oskar Rabin and Valentina Kropivnitskaya , two artists who once worked in Moscow but now live in Paris , have their work on display at present .
in the russian museum itself , oskar rabin and valentina kropivnitskaya , two artists who once worked in moscow but now live in paris , have their work on [show] at present .

The intention in London is to create a focused display , designed to show aspects of French art not widely represented in British collections .
the intention in london is to create a focused [show] , designed to show aspects of french art not widely represented in british collections .

He used the occasion to display to the full his talent for description .
he used the occasion to [show] to the full his talent for description .

Some of the gaps must be due to chance , but there is no mistaking the insularity of interest which these volumes display .
some of the gaps must be due to chance , but there is no mistaking the insularity of interest which these volumes [show] .

Among all the letters in Anselm 's letter collection written by others than himself , there are no others which display so much of the heightened emotion of friendship characteristic of Anselm 's own letters , and they show Osbern 's state of near despair at Anselm 's long delay .
among all the letters in anselm 's letter collection written by others than himself , there are no others which [show] so much of the heightened emotion of friendship characteristic of anselm 's own letters , and they show osbern 's state of near despair at anselm 's long delay .

There is no reason to think that Anselm would have thought there was any contradiction between personal humility and the display of the greatness of his office : quite the contrary , humility and grandeur met in the exercise of his function as a ruler .
there is no reason to think that anselm would have thought there was any contradiction between personal humility and the [show] of the greatness of his office : quite the contrary , humility and grandeur met in the exercise of his function as a ruler .

At a stroke our artistic patrimony has been increased by a treasure which is about to go on display after being unseen for seventy years .
at a stroke our artistic patrimony has been increased by a treasure which is about to go on [show] after being unseen for seventy years .

Worrying about identity and display
worrying about identity and [show]

This year 's conference title is ‘ Identity and Display : artistic , national and sexual identities and aesthetic , anthropological and other notions of display ’ .
this year 's conference title is ‘ identity and [show] : artistic , national and sexual identities and aesthetic , anthropological and other notions of [show] ’ .

Even two of flutes that were owned by Frederick the Great are on display .
even two of flutes that were owned by frederick the great are on [show] .

The seven Old Master galleries have been intelligently installed , and a long corridor has been converted into an evocation of a baroque Kunstkammer , complete with pilastered cabinets for the display of paintings and objets d'art .
the seven old master galleries have been intelligently installed , and a long corridor has been converted into an evocation of a baroque kunstkammer , complete with pilastered cabinets for the [show] of paintings and objets d'art .

On 5 January the Metropolitan Museum will be opening a newly renovated gallery to be devoted to the display of prints , drawings and photographs , to be known as the Robert Wood Johnson Jr .
on 5 january the metropolitan museum will be opening a newly renovated gallery to be devoted to the [show] of prints , drawings and photographs , to be known as the robert wood johnson jr .

However , the museum plans to display it in the spring in the Egyptian galleries .
however , the museum plans to [show] it in the spring in the egyptian galleries .

Near Eastern antiquities on display while Louvre reorganises
near eastern antiquities on [show] while louvre reorganises

Alongside Lam 's work , the show will display works by his Cuban contemporaries , plus those of Arshile Gorky , Robert Motherwell , and Asger Jorn , whom he knew in Paris and New York .
alongside lam 's work , the show will [show] works by his cuban contemporaries , plus those of arshile gorky , robert motherwell , and asger jorn , whom he knew in paris and new york .

The museum has two objectives now : to display costumes from its collection of 50,000 objects throughout the year ; and to reclaim its role as the preeminent institution of costume scholarship .
the museum has two objectives now : to [show] costumes from its collection of 50,000 objects throughout the year ; and to reclaim its role as the preeminent institution of costume scholarship .

To display their collection of everything from Islamic ceramics to the Russian Avant-garde they have made substantial long-term loans as well as opening their own museums .
to [show] their collection of everything from islamic ceramics to the russian avant-garde they have made substantial long-term loans as well as opening their own museums .

It will display over 600 objects dating from the fifth century to the present and is funded to the tune of £430,000 by the Korean Samsung corporation with a further £25,000 from the government-funded Business Sponsorship Incentive Scheme .
it will [show] over 600 objects dating from the fifth century to the present and is funded to the tune of £430,000 by the korean samsung corporation with a further £25,000 from the government-funded business sponsorship incentive scheme .

On display at the Contrejour gallery are photographs taken by the late Luigi Ghirri in the workshops and familiar haunts of Giorgio Morandi .
on [show] at the contrejour gallery are photographs taken by the late luigi ghirri in the workshops and familiar haunts of giorgio morandi .

In December new works by Hanns Schimansky , Joachim Bottcher , Lothar Bohme and Mark Lammert are on display .
in december new works by hanns schimansky , joachim bottcher , lothar bohme and mark lammert are on [show] .

They had a pyrotechnic display in the back lounge and set the whole inside of the coach alight .
they had a pyrotechnic [show] in the back lounge and set the whole inside of the coach alight .

Juan Atkins is in electro moonscape mode , Eddie Fowlkes hits the deep garage button , and the much-loved Open House team , who so impressed on Carl Craig 's now-defunct Retroactive label , display their lush aural waterbed .
juan atkins is in electro moonscape mode , eddie fowlkes hits the deep garage button , and the much-loved open house team , who so impressed on carl craig 's now-defunct retroactive label , [show] their lush aural waterbed .

And then , right in the middle of a well-executed display of crushing mediocrity , these four grinning long-hairs launch into ‘ Soup ’ , which succeeds in being every bit as stunning as the recorded version .
and then , right in the middle of a well-executed [show] of crushing mediocrity , these four grinning long-hairs launch into ‘ soup ’ , which succeeds in being every bit as stunning as the recorded version .

It has been suggested that these are used in aggressive display .
it has been suggested that these are used in aggressive [show] .

Peacocks or , to be more correct , Indian peafowl males , fan their many-eyed tails in display not only at peahens but at almost any creature that passes .
peacocks or , to be more correct , indian peafowl males , fan their many-eyed tails in [show] not only at peahens but at almost any creature that passes .

Reverse angle on a male peacock in full display ( below ) .
reverse angle on a male peacock in full [show] ( below ) .

Its real purpose may be to convey male status in display .
its real purpose may be to convey male status in [show] .

The usual motive behind such an outstanding display of male power is to attract females .
the usual motive behind such an outstanding [show] of male power is to attract females .

Mackinnon suggests that by advertising his own aggression and bad temper the patriarch may be spoiling his own chances of further reproductive activity but his display also ruins the chances of his male neighbours .
mackinnon suggests that by advertising his own aggression and bad temper the patriarch may be spoiling his own chances of further reproductive activity but his [show] also ruins the chances of his male neighbours .

In addition to many layouts on view , most of the Irish railway and transport preservation groups will have stands and there will be a special display dealing with Dublin trams .
in addition to many layouts on view , most of the irish railway and transport preservation groups will have stands and there will be a special [show] dealing with dublin trams .

Playing for the New Zealand Barbarians in a 23–13 win over a strong Public School Wanderers side , Botha ended a superb personal display in soaking conditions with his shorts as pristine white as when he had started the game , during which he had given a cultured demonstration of the arts of reading the game and tactical kicking .
playing for the new zealand barbarians in a 23–13 win over a strong public school wanderers side , botha ended a superb personal [show] in soaking conditions with his shorts as pristine white as when he had started the game , during which he had given a cultured demonstration of the arts of reading the game and tactical kicking .

Their brilliant playmaker Waisale Serevi , ‘ Small ’ to his mates , whose balance and timing in sevens is reminiscent of that Pele used to display with the round ball , did most of the damage with six tries and ten conversions .
their brilliant playmaker waisale serevi , ‘ small ’ to his mates , whose balance and timing in sevens is reminiscent of that pele used to [show] with the round ball , did most of the damage with six tries and ten conversions .

They scraped past Western Samoa in a cliffhanging quarter-final ( 18 – 12 ) with a little help from an ostentatious refereeing display by Tony Spreadbury .
they scraped past western samoa in a cliffhanging quarter-final ( 18 – 12 ) with a little help from an ostentatious refereeing [show] by tony spreadbury .

Short on ideas , short on fire and short on pace , Ireland were outclassed and outgunned as Berbizier 's men let rip with a display of smooth running rugby that steadily gathered momentum .
short on ideas , short on fire and short on pace , ireland were outclassed and outgunned as berbizier 's men let rip with a [show] of smooth running rugby that steadily gathered momentum .

For the French , under little or no pressure it was back-to-business as a display of clinical finishing when faced with feeble tackling lead to a record score .
for the french , under little or no pressure it was back-to-business as a [show] of clinical finishing when faced with feeble tackling lead to a record score .

They have a good scrum-half in David Llewellyn and the backs have the confidence-boosting presence of Roger Bidgood , whose display against Scotland on winning his first cap was excellent .
they have a good scrum-half in david llewellyn and the backs have the confidence-boosting presence of roger bidgood , whose [show] against scotland on winning his first cap was excellent .

Fiji 's disappointing display at last year 's tournament , according to Simpkin , was simply due to infighting within the Fiji camp and was mainly because Simpkin was n't the only coach this time around .
fiji 's disappointing [show] at last year 's tournament , according to simpkin , was simply due to infighting within the fiji camp and was mainly because simpkin was n't the only coach this time around .

The implications of being 4–0 down in an 11 match contest were telling , and despite a spirited display by Virginia Humphreys Davies in the opening contest on the second day , when she outlasted Lisa Albano to reduce the deficit , there was little anyone could do to delay the inevitable .
the implications of being 4–0 down in an 11 match contest were telling , and despite a spirited [show] by virginia humphreys davies in the opening contest on the second day , when she outlasted lisa albano to reduce the deficit , there was little anyone could do to delay the inevitable .

It was on display for the day and was being steamed so that the boiler inspectors could check it out and issue the necessary documents confirming that it was tested and available to work .
it was on [show] for the day and was being steamed so that the boiler inspectors could check it out and issue the necessary documents confirming that it was tested and available to work .

The first track was laid in 1990 and the visitor can see a fascinating photographic display of the line 's development .
the first track was laid in 1990 and the visitor can see a fascinating photographic [show] of the line 's development .

Both the multi-million selling ‘ Dark Side Of The Moon ’ and the finely tuned ( and superior ) ‘ Wish You Were Here ’ display Pink Floyd at the zenith of their creative powers .
both the multi-million selling ‘ dark side of the moon ’ and the finely tuned ( and superior ) ‘ wish you were here ’ [show] pink floyd at the zenith of their creative powers .

The ‘ Christ taken into captivity ’ of 1602 goes on display in Dublin this autumn
the ‘ christ taken into captivity ’ of 1602 goes on [show] in dublin this autumn

She has since died , and the Society , which emphasises that there is no question of the painting being sold , has decided that the most correct course of action is to put it on permanent loan with the National Gallery , where it will go on display , newly restored , in an exhibition of comparative material this October .
she has since died , and the society , which emphasises that there is no question of the painting being sold , has decided that the most correct course of action is to put it on permanent loan with the national gallery , where it will go on [show] , newly restored , in an exhibition of comparative material this october .

Convened by Richard Humphreys of the Tate Gallery and David Bindman of University College , London , the theme was ‘ Identity and Display ’ , which covered the range of interests from museum display to gender and issues of identity .
convened by richard humphreys of the tate gallery and david bindman of university college , london , the theme was ‘ identity and [show] ’ , which covered the range of interests from museum [show] to gender and issues of identity .

Attendance figures were 550 , compared to 520 for last year 's event in Leeds but the high cost of the daily sessions deterred members from staying the full three days and led one disgruntled art historian to dub the conference ‘ pay and display ’ .
attendance figures were 550 , compared to 520 for last year 's event in leeds but the high cost of the daily sessions deterred members from staying the full three days and led one disgruntled art historian to dub the conference ‘ pay and [show] ’ .

‘ Power and Display ’ , saw three uneven papers by John Brewer , Carol Duncan and Richard Sennett , followed by an unilluminating critique by Steven Lukes .
‘ power and [show] ’ , saw three uneven papers by john brewer , carol duncan and richard sennett , followed by an unilluminating critique by steven lukes .

Laclotte 's decision to eschew evocative settings , contextualising knick-knacks , and viewer-orientation booths has been amply rewarded by the concentrated attention paid to the works on display .
laclotte 's decision to eschew evocative settings , contextualising knick-knacks , and viewer-orientation booths has been amply rewarded by the concentrated attention paid to the works on [show] .

On 8 May , yet another prestige modern building to display contemporary art opens , in the southern town of Nîmes .
on 8 may , yet another prestige modern building to [show] contemporary art opens , in the southern town of nîmes .

The fifty-year-old display area is now to be replaced with a new space of suitably high artistic merit .
the fifty-year-old [show] area is now to be replaced with a new space of suitably high artistic merit .

One well publicised problem at the Hermitage is the shortage of space ; a number of experts claim that the museum can only put 7–8 % of its collection on display .
one well publicised problem at the hermitage is the shortage of space ; a number of experts claim that the museum can only put 7–8 % of its collection on [show] .

Grouped by region , date and school , the casts were displayed in the palais du Trocadero built for the 1878 Exposition Universelle and expanded in the 1930s as part of a constantly evolving display .
grouped by region , date and school , the casts were displayed in the palais du trocadero built for the 1878 exposition universelle and expanded in the 1930s as part of a constantly evolving [show] .

Starting with the magnificent writing table attributed to Boulle ( a rare example of bad display at the Frick — stuck away in a corridor ) , we are led through such aspects as ownership of designs , similar pieces by different ebenistes , the marchands-merciers and their relationship with their gilt-bronze manufacturers .
starting with the magnificent writing table attributed to boulle ( a rare example of bad [show] at the frick — stuck away in a corridor ) , we are led through such aspects as ownership of designs , similar pieces by different ebenistes , the marchands-merciers and their relationship with their gilt-bronze manufacturers .

The pillows will be on display side by side , their anvil-like forms having survived the centuries unscathed ( until 26 June ) .
the pillows will be on [show] side by side , their anvil-like forms having survived the centuries unscathed ( until 26 june ) .

The phallus-like object is on display on a podium in the centre of the wide religious space until 31 July .
the phallus-like object is on [show] on a podium in the centre of the wide religious space until 31 july .

If the English artist Mark Quinn can get his own head , cast in his own frozen blood , on display in the Saatchi Gallery in London ; if the Italian papers can be filled with agitated articles about whether ‘ a cardboard box covered in cloth , with bits of cardboard , bone glue , red pen , tempera and oil paint ’ , until recently exhibited at the Brera Academy in Milan , is or is not an authentic , therefore meaningful , work by the shamanesque German , Joseph Beuys ; if Duchamp 's own famous urinal of 1917 can grace the Palazzo Grassi in Venice as from this month , then surely there is room for those centuries-old objects of ancient devotion to be resurrected as the focus of the new cult .
if the english artist mark quinn can get his own head , cast in his own frozen blood , on [show] in the saatchi gallery in london ; if the italian papers can be filled with agitated articles about whether ‘ a cardboard box covered in cloth , with bits of cardboard , bone glue , red pen , tempera and oil paint ’ , until recently exhibited at the brera academy in milan , is or is not an authentic , therefore meaningful , work by the shamanesque german , joseph beuys ; if duchamp 's own famous urinal of 1917 can grace the palazzo grassi in venice as from this month , then surely there is room for those centuries-old objects of ancient devotion to be resurrected as the focus of the new cult .

Now the Fondazione Memmo has paid for the sculptures to be cleaned and they are on display in the Palazzo Ruspoli , Rome , until 30 April .
now the fondazione memmo has paid for the sculptures to be cleaned and they are on [show] in the palazzo ruspoli , rome , until 30 april .

Besides showing more sculpture , Picon would like to put more glass on display , since ‘ we have the best collection of antique glass in the Western hemisphere ’ .
besides showing more sculpture , picon would like to put more glass on [show] , since ‘ we have the best collection of antique glass in the western hemisphere ’ .

The main museum building opens Sunday 13 June with the display of Rockwell 's renowned ‘ Four Freedoms ’ series , based on Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's 1941 conception of the four fundamental conditions of the democratic society .
the main museum building opens sunday 13 june with the [show] of rockwell 's renowned ‘ four freedoms ’ series , based on franklin delano roosevelt 's 1941 conception of the four fundamental conditions of the democratic society .

Meanwhile , the mummies of the pharaohs , removed from display by President Sadat in 1970 , are to go back on show in the Cairo museum in May .
meanwhile , the mummies of the pharaohs , removed from [show] by president sadat in 1970 , are to go back on show in the cairo museum in may .

In 1913 , four copies were made of the original , one of which is on display in Arkhangelsk Museum .
in 1913 , four copies were made of the original , one of which is on [show] in arkhangelsk museum .

At Morpeth the existing tank will be removed , as it is considered fit only for scrap , although it will be offered to the National Railway Museum , for the possible use as a corridor tender display .
at morpeth the existing tank will be removed , as it is considered fit only for scrap , although it will be offered to the national railway museum , for the possible use as a corridor tender [show] .

As to the display , he says , ‘ It will be very beautiful , very sober ; no evocations of the Renaissance ’ , which is in keeping with the rather austere , modernist presentation of the eighteenth-century galleries opened earlier this year ( The Art Newspaper No .
as to the [show] , he says , ‘ it will be very beautiful , very sober ; no evocations of the renaissance ’ , which is in keeping with the rather austere , modernist presentation of the eighteenth-century galleries opened earlier this year ( the art newspaper no .

Curated by Joelle Pijaudier with Anne Nardin , the exhibition has been divided into six chronological sections , beginning with a display of the rare early work from 1915 , with a final section of texts and photographs covering his work in architecture , the decorative arts and theatre ( for example his sets for ‘ Le Train Bleu ’ , the ballet choreographed by Diaghilev for the Ballets Russes ) .
curated by joelle pijaudier with anne nardin , the exhibition has been divided into six chronological sections , beginning with a [show] of the rare early work from 1915 , with a final section of texts and photographs covering his work in architecture , the decorative arts and theatre ( for example his sets for ‘ le train bleu ’ , the ballet choreographed by diaghilev for the ballets russes ) .

It is hoped that new acquisitions of sculpture will be made for display in the garden , which will be increased in size .
it is hoped that new acquisitions of sculpture will be made for [show] in the garden , which will be increased in size .

After twenty years in boxes a friend of the patron 's family funds its display
after twenty years in boxes a friend of the patron 's family funds its [show]

The entire collection will be shown in chronological order over a period of five years and each display will involve the restoration of the objects involved and their addition to a technical catalogue covering every object .
the entire collection will be shown in chronological order over a period of five years and each [show] will involve the restoration of the objects involved and their addition to a technical catalogue covering every object .

Accompanying each display will be a catalogue published by Zielo which will draw on the work of the overall catalogue .
accompanying each [show] will be a catalogue published by zielo which will draw on the work of the overall catalogue .

The first display runs until 18 April at the sixteenth-century Oratorio di San Rocco and includes medieval ceramics from the thirteenth century to the middle of the fifteenth .
the first [show] runs until 18 april at the sixteenth-century oratorio di san rocco and includes medieval ceramics from the thirteenth century to the middle of the fifteenth .

But unlike the collections in Brooklyn , which have sat in storage while the museum awaits funds to build permanent galleries , much from the Denver collections will go on permanent display when the current renovations are completed .
but unlike the collections in brooklyn , which have sat in storage while the museum awaits funds to build permanent galleries , much from the denver collections will go on permanent [show] when the current renovations are completed .

Korolev was known as the creator of monumental panels and mosaics on display in prestigious public buildings such as Moscow 's metro stations and scientific institutes .
korolev was known as the creator of monumental panels and mosaics on [show] in prestigious public buildings such as moscow 's metro stations and scientific institutes .

The new premises will be open by appointment and will allow the gallery to display its Old Master and nineteenth-century paintings to their full advantage , according to director Steven Rich .
the new premises will be open by appointment and will allow the gallery to [show] its old master and nineteenth-century paintings to their full advantage , according to director steven rich .

While Churchill might still agitate for union , it was doubtful whether the new Labour government of Clement Attlee would display any enthusiasm for it .
while churchill might still agitate for union , it was doubtful whether the new labour government of clement attlee would [show] any enthusiasm for it .

With several hundred delegates from 16 states , including a group from Germany led by Konrad Adenauer , as well as observers from the United States and Canada , the Congress was an impressive display of the widespread interest in and enthusiasm for the idea of unity .
with several hundred delegates from 16 states , including a group from germany led by konrad adenauer , as well as observers from the united states and canada , the congress was an impressive [show] of the widespread interest in and enthusiasm for the idea of unity .

Aircraft come and go all day long ( with the exception of the afternoon 's flying display ) and moving aircraft in among the viewing public seems to be accomplished with the minimum of fuss .
aircraft come and go all day long ( with the exception of the afternoon 's flying [show] ) and moving aircraft in among the viewing public seems to be accomplished with the minimum of fuss .

With all these aircraft begging to be looked at , one would think that it would be impossible to attempt to see everything that Oshkosh has to offer , not so ! With a not overlong flying display that runs from 2pm in the afternoon until 6pm in the evening , plenty of time is available to roam among the aircraft parks and view whatever is the viewer 's fancy .
with all these aircraft begging to be looked at , one would think that it would be impossible to attempt to see everything that oshkosh has to offer , not so ! with a not overlong flying [show] that runs from 2pm in the afternoon until 6pm in the evening , plenty of time is available to roam among the aircraft parks and view whatever is the viewer 's fancy .

The 11th Great Warbirds Air display was also the first at the new venue of Wroughton . The great British weather conspired to deal a heavy blow , but organisers , participants and audience refused to be put off !
the 11th great warbirds air [show] was also the first at the new venue of wroughton . the great british weather conspired to deal a heavy blow , but organisers , participants and audience refused to be put off !

Great Warbirds Air Display , Wroughton , August 30/31
great warbirds air [show] , wroughton , august 30/31

Many a display organiser and participant would have looked at the prevailing conditions , shrugged shoulders and turned away from the problem , presented a ‘ weather-out ’ show to the paying public .
many a [show] organiser and participant would have looked at the prevailing conditions , shrugged shoulders and turned away from the problem , presented a ‘ weather-out ’ show to the paying public .

At the entrance to the Hall was a superb display of photographs and a number of items that had survived the raids .
at the entrance to the hall was a superb [show] of photographs and a number of items that had survived the raids .

Thameside Aviation Museum is open to the public on the last Sunday of every month and Bank Holidays , it is planned to have the Harvard on display throughout its restoration . Further details can be obtained on
thameside aviation museum is open to the public on the last sunday of every month and bank holidays , it is planned to have the harvard on [show] throughout its restoration . further details can be obtained on

June 27 : Yak–52 crashed through the roof of a newly-built printing works following engine failure during air display at Amsk , Russia , killing pilot .
june 27 : yak–52 crashed through the roof of a newly-built printing works following engine failure during air [show] at amsk , russia , killing pilot .

The aircraft had won the unofficial award of ‘ best presented aircraft ’ by display director David Henchie .
the aircraft had won the unofficial award of ‘ best presented aircraft ’ by [show] director david henchie .

It was the only display , through the days and nights of tension , of their emotion .
it was the only [show] , through the days and nights of tension , of their emotion .

One competitor who made a lot of friends was Yuji Hirayama , who had the biggest grin on display and dragged an outrageous rest in the semi final .
one competitor who made a lot of friends was yuji hirayama , who had the biggest grin on [show] and dragged an outrageous rest in the semi final .

Having been re-assembled for the hand-over , the Vampire will now be carefully broken down again and transported back to the Museum where it will be placed on display once more after re-assembly .
having been re-assembled for the hand-over , the vampire will now be carefully broken down again and transported back to the museum where it will be placed on [show] once more after re-assembly .

After the restoration to static museum standard is complete , Julian and Stephen hope that the aircraft will be put on display or may be used by film and television companies .
after the restoration to static museum standard is complete , julian and stephen hope that the aircraft will be put on [show] or may be used by film and television companies .

Lining the walls of the display hall are a long series of photographs and displays which trace not just the history of Yakovlev but the whole history of Soviet aviation , both civil and military , from the very earliest days right up to date and covering significant events through the years .
lining the walls of the [show] hall are a long series of photographs and displays which trace not just the history of yakovlev but the whole history of soviet aviation , both civil and military , from the very earliest days right up to date and covering significant events through the years .

Even so , it took great nerve and daring to ride that wind for such a distance and it is a fitting tribute to the bravery of the balloon pioneers , yet it will be seen that those men and women who followed Sadler into the skies display , in their own way , no less daring than he .
even so , it took great nerve and daring to ride that wind for such a distance and it is a fitting tribute to the bravery of the balloon pioneers , yet it will be seen that those men and women who followed sadler into the skies [show] , in their own way , no less daring than he .

Apart from that , they can be an eyesore in a display tank .
apart from that , they can be an eyesore in a [show] tank .

Lots of popular fish , such as danios , are hardly ever stationary , putting on a good lively display if given the room to feel at home .
lots of popular fish , such as danios , are hardly ever stationary , putting on a good lively [show] if given the room to feel at home .

Since then , all the display vats in the undercover sales area have been treated the same way , turning what could easily be run-of-the-mill fish transit into a feast for the inquiring eye .
since then , all the [show] vats in the undercover sales area have been treated the same way , turning what could easily be run-of-the-mill fish transit into a feast for the inquiring eye .

Ken and Betty feed the Koi in the main display pond — note the large internal undergravel and novel way the secondary filtration system is disguised .
ken and betty feed the koi in the main [show] pond — note the large internal undergravel and novel way the secondary filtration system is disguised .

Right : Miniature Japanese-style gardens surround the indoor display vats .
right : miniature japanese-style gardens surround the indoor [show] vats .

You can also position a Shelf-Grip at the end of , say , a glass shelf across an alcove , with a glass window behind it , which makes an ideal display for plant pots .
you can also position a shelf-grip at the end of , say , a glass shelf across an alcove , with a glass window behind it , which makes an ideal [show] for plant pots .

The perceptual system can function either way which is , of course , why each of the two types of display has its utility .
the perceptual system can function either way which is , of course , why each of the two types of [show] has its utility .

For example , a process control plant which consists of dials , charts and visual display units responding to activation of switches is much easier to simulate than , say , an opponent in a game of tennis .
for example , a process control plant which consists of dials , charts and visual [show] units responding to activation of switches is much easier to simulate than , say , an opponent in a game of tennis .

Information Display Technology Inc saw first quarter net profit of $10,000 against losses of $60,000 last time , on turnover that fell 1.8% to $10.7m .
information [show] technology inc saw first quarter net profit of $10,000 against losses of $60,000 last time , on turnover that fell 1.8% to $10.7m .

The wooden pallet bed is n't needed for rest , and like the rest of the room has been used to mount a display for one of Bremer 's collections .
the wooden pallet bed is n't needed for rest , and like the rest of the room has been used to mount a [show] for one of bremer 's collections .

The building industry was also found to display common features in many countries .
the building industry was also found to [show] common features in many countries .

Despite the fact that many advanced western economies have similar characteristics in terms of a high degree of industrialisation , urbanisation and technological development , they nevertheless display markedly different degrees of labour force unionisation .
despite the fact that many advanced western economies have similar characteristics in terms of a high degree of industrialisation , urbanisation and technological development , they nevertheless [show] markedly different degrees of labour force unionisation .

Japanese industrial relations display a number of singular characteristics of which the essential elements are the three so-called ‘ pillars ’ of the system , appertaining particularly to larger firms : single-enterprise trade unions , lifetime ( or , more strictly , career ) employment and seniority-related wages .
japanese industrial relations [show] a number of singular characteristics of which the essential elements are the three so-called ‘ pillars ’ of the system , appertaining particularly to larger firms : single-enterprise trade unions , lifetime ( or , more strictly , career ) employment and seniority-related wages .

The painted texts , which emphasized the importance of the Word , were intended as an aid to devotion , and were more readily seen than the Bibles , which were also on display in every church .
the painted texts , which emphasized the importance of the word , were intended as an aid to devotion , and were more readily seen than the bibles , which were also on [show] in every church .

Even the godly were not averse to the outward display of a funeral monument , as the tomb at St Bartholomew 's , London , of Sir Walter Mildmay who endowed Emmanuel College , Cambridge , for the education of godly preachers well illustrates .
even the godly were not averse to the outward [show] of a funeral monument , as the tomb at st bartholomew 's , london , of sir walter mildmay who endowed emmanuel college , cambridge , for the education of godly preachers well illustrates .

His decision to do so , however , appears to have been motivated more by his belief that he had been personally insulted by the Spanish during the earlier marriage negotiations and by a romantic desire to restore his sister and brother-in-law to their inheritance than by any wish to display solidarity with the Protestant cause , which was crumbling away before the seemingly irresistible progress of the Hapsburg armies .
his decision to do so , however , appears to have been motivated more by his belief that he had been personally insulted by the spanish during the earlier marriage negotiations and by a romantic desire to restore his sister and brother-in-law to their inheritance than by any wish to [show] solidarity with the protestant cause , which was crumbling away before the seemingly irresistible progress of the hapsburg armies .

He had gone on to a party at a rich woman 's house , he explained , and seen a display of drinks such as he had never seen on earth before .
he had gone on to a party at a rich woman 's house , he explained , and seen a [show] of drinks such as he had never seen on earth before .

That secret self which he drew on , and which he would draw out and test as time went on , was not for public display unless Burton willed it .
that secret self which he drew on , and which he would draw out and test as time went on , was not for public [show] unless burton willed it .

Flowering plants should provide the backbone of summer bedding , but use foliage for contrast , and try a small foliage-only display at least once !
flowering plants should provide the backbone of summer bedding , but use foliage for contrast , and try a small foliage-only [show] at least once !

The table suggests some seeds that you might want to buy and sow mow for a bold but inexpensive display next year .
the table suggests some seeds that you might want to buy and sow mow for a bold but inexpensive [show] next year .

Spring bedding plants that you raise yourself provide a much cheaper spring display than bulbs .
spring bedding plants that you raise yourself provide a much cheaper spring [show] than bulbs .

Smaller types generally have a solid base and are intended to display a solitary objét d'art ; larger types may have several glass shelves and a frosted glass base which can conceal a light source .
smaller types generally have a solid base and are intended to [show] a solitary objét d'art ; larger types may have several glass shelves and a frosted glass base which can conceal a light source .

It is not as though they were being asked to do an aerobatic display , Mildred .
it is not as though they were being asked to do an aerobatic [show] , mildred .

The only way of getting to a magician was at the celebrations on Hallowe'en night , but after the broomstick display , which Mildred had ruined the year before , she felt very worried about creating any more havoc in that direction .
the only way of getting to a magician was at the celebrations on hallowe'en night , but after the broomstick [show] , which mildred had ruined the year before , she felt very worried about creating any more havoc in that direction .

One was the awful unfairness of it all , as it really had n't been her fault that Ethel had cast a bad spell on the broomstick she had lent to Mildred , thus ruining the display .
one was the awful unfairness of it all , as it really had n't been her fault that ethel had cast a bad spell on the broomstick she had lent to mildred , thus ruining the [show] .

She got me in here under false pretences , tied me up , stole my cat and went to the display in my place .
she got me in here under false pretences , tied me up , stole my cat and went to the [show] in my place .

‘ And are my eyes deceiving me or are you not the girl who ruined the broomstick display last year ? If so — ’
‘ and are my eyes deceiving me or are you not the girl who ruined the broomstick [show] last year ? if so — ’

The display of honours was indiscriminate : alongside the insignia of a commandeur of the Légion d'honneur awarded by Giscard d'Estaing , a certificate of honorary citizenship of Disneyland aroused the admiration of the visitor to the museum .
the [show] of honours was indiscriminate : alongside the insignia of a commandeur of the légion d'honneur awarded by giscard d'estaing , a certificate of honorary citizenship of disneyland aroused the admiration of the visitor to the museum .

The salons of ‘ Omagiu ’ crammed with foreign honours and gifts contrasted with the rather paltry display of genuinely historical artifacts recording the history of Romania itself .
the salons of ‘ omagiu ’ crammed with foreign honours and gifts contrasted with the rather paltry [show] of genuinely historical artifacts recording the history of romania itself .

He could testify to seeing many books on display in Romania in foreign languages including German and Hungarian .
he could testify to seeing many books on [show] in romania in foreign languages including german and hungarian .

When Ceauşescu had organized a display of different plans and models for the proposed Civic Centre at Neptune , his Black Sea retreat , she had decided to participate .
when ceauşescu had organized a [show] of different plans and models for the proposed civic centre at neptune , his black sea retreat , she had decided to participate .

At first neither Ceauşescu 's guards and officials nor the older professional participants in the display wanted to let the young woman take part , but she did nothing to banish any assumption that her surname indicated a relationship with the First Lady .
at first neither ceauşescu 's guards and officials nor the older professional participants in the [show] wanted to let the young woman take part , but she did nothing to banish any assumption that her surname indicated a relationship with the first lady .

Wisely , if not gracefully , the opposition to Anca Petrescu 's taking part in the display of models died away .
wisely , if not gracefully , the opposition to anca petrescu 's taking part in the [show] of models died away .

children of Caribbean or Asian origin ) display different ranges of attainment in the British education system .
children of caribbean or asian origin ) [show] different ranges of attainment in the british education system .

Some pupils of secondary school age who have special educational needs may continue to display some literacy skills within the lower levels associated with key stages 1 and 2 , so the teaching they receive in English will need to cater for this whilst incorporating material with a range and degree of interest , and in some cases intellectual demand , more appropriate to their chronological age .
some pupils of secondary school age who have special educational needs may continue to [show] some literacy skills within the lower levels associated with key stages 1 and 2 , so the teaching they receive in english will need to cater for this whilst incorporating material with a range and degree of interest , and in some cases intellectual demand , more appropriate to their chronological age .

Just the kind of remarks one would hear as parents come out of the display of their children at annual ballet school spectacular .
just the kind of remarks one would hear as parents come out of the [show] of their children at annual ballet school spectacular .

It was in incredible display of control , and it took an age to shove Venables in , said Saunders .
it was in incredible [show] of control , and it took an age to shove venables in , said saunders .

She could bring armfuls of autumn colours and make a beautiful display on the hall table .
she could bring armfuls of autumn colours and make a beautiful [show] on the hall table .

They could see a man with a ladder up against the cinema putting up the new poster , and the small round figure of Peggy Pine coming out of her dress shop to stand and look admiringly at her window display .
they could see a man with a ladder up against the cinema putting up the new poster , and the small round figure of peggy pine coming out of her dress shop to stand and look admiringly at her window [show] .

He did n't pause as Dessie Burns called out to him from the hardware shop , he did n't notice Mr Kennedy looking over his glasses at all the bottles and apothecary jars in the window display of the chemist 's shop .
he did n't pause as dessie burns called out to him from the hardware shop , he did n't notice mr kennedy looking over his glasses at all the bottles and apothecary jars in the window [show] of the chemist 's shop .

With low levels of lighting around the room in the evening , they make a spectacular display for your favourite dried flower arrangement or special ornament .
with low levels of lighting around the room in the evening , they make a spectacular [show] for your favourite dried flower arrangement or special ornament .

For a good display , plant them about 100mm ( 4in ) deep , and no more than about 300mm ( 12in ) apart ; and for a more intense show , no more than 150mm ( 6in ) apart — the closer the better , but not touching .
for a good [show] , plant them about 100mm ( 4in ) deep , and no more than about 300mm ( 12in ) apart ; and for a more intense show , no more than 150mm ( 6in ) apart — the closer the better , but not touching .

The fighting chair on her aft deck had thick white leather straps giving it the appearance of a padded electric chair , while the dazzle paint gave the boat an oddly military look that was completed by the number 666 that was painted on her bows in silver-edged black numerals like those warships use to display their commissioning numbers .
the fighting chair on her aft deck had thick white leather straps giving it the appearance of a padded electric chair , while the dazzle paint gave the boat an oddly military look that was completed by the number 666 that was painted on her bows in silver-edged black numerals like those warships use to [show] their commissioning numbers .

Only Jackson Chatterton seemed comfortable with Rickie 's display of petulant temper .
only jackson chatterton seemed comfortable with rickie 's [show] of petulant temper .

They can run swiftly , fly , go underground and display extraordinary agility .
they can run swiftly , fly , go underground and [show] extraordinary agility .

It was n't long , of course , before the superb ‘ draught excluder ’ thus created burst into a spectacular display of flames , which shot out across the room .
it was n't long , of course , before the superb ‘ draught excluder ’ thus created burst into a spectacular [show] of flames , which shot out across the room .

This is often how relationships are truly forged and broken ; through being centred , it is easier to know one 's own mind , and to bring a quiet force of will into play which is more effective than any histrionic display .
this is often how relationships are truly forged and broken ; through being centred , it is easier to know one 's own mind , and to bring a quiet force of will into play which is more effective than any histrionic [show] .

The symptoms are at their worst on preview nights when sufferers have an uncontrollable urge to rush round the exhibition , doing their best to display casual indifference , until their own work has been located .
the symptoms are at their worst on preview nights when sufferers have an uncontrollable urge to rush round the exhibition , doing their best to [show] casual indifference , until their own work has been located .

The 79 works on display offer an insight into the national psychology ; its effects on artists and the techniques they employed to represent it are placed under the spotlight .
the 79 works on [show] offer an insight into the national psychology ; its effects on artists and the techniques they employed to represent it are placed under the spotlight .

‘ May God protect him ! ’ said the chancellor piously , somewhat taken aback by so abundant a display of mother-love . ‘ The Holy Spirit have charge of him for all our sakes ! ’
‘ may god protect him ! ’ said the chancellor piously , somewhat taken aback by so abundant a [show] of mother-love . ‘ the holy spirit have charge of him for all our sakes ! ’

The normal book , when it is opened , will display two pages or ‘ papers ’ empty of print , though they may be decorated .
the normal book , when it is opened , will [show] two pages or ‘ papers ’ empty of print , though they may be decorated .

In early books , especially those of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries , this page may well display an ‘ imprimatur ’ ( Latin for ‘ let it be printed ’ ) , a licence from some official , religious or secular , authorising the publication .
in early books , especially those of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries , this page may well [show] an ‘ imprimatur ’ ( latin for ‘ let it be printed ’ ) , a licence from some official , religious or secular , authorising the publication .

elaborately produced editions for display in the drawing room rather than reading .
elaborately produced editions for [show] in the drawing room rather than reading .

Administrators with a natural science background are much more likely to display a technocratic mentality than those trained in the social sciences ( Putnam , 1977 , p. 404 ) .
administrators with a natural science background are much more likely to [show] a technocratic mentality than those trained in the social sciences ( putnam , 1977 , p. 404 ) .

The structures of state organizations — the patterns of ministries , agencies , quasi-governmental agencies — display the net outcome of past elite contests .
the structures of state organizations — the patterns of ministries , agencies , quasi-governmental agencies — [show] the net outcome of past elite contests .

SoftwareFabrik GmbH , Vienna , Austria , has come out with version 2.0 of Archiv+light+ , its Windows-based document management system that also runs over Unix client/server networks : the system controls the scanning and archiving of paper documents on optical disks , and will retrieve , display and print documents in the system .
softwarefabrik gmbh , vienna , austria , has come out with version 2.0 of archiv+light+ , its windows-based document management system that also runs over unix client/server networks : the system controls the scanning and archiving of paper documents on optical disks , and will retrieve , [show] and print documents in the system .

Most peoples of the world do not , in their conservative heart to hearts , like foreigners and display feelings of hostility ( often tinged with fear ) towards them .
most peoples of the world do not , in their conservative heart to hearts , like foreigners and [show] feelings of hostility ( often tinged with fear ) towards them .

Throughout his life the uncle is expected to display particular care and attention towards his sister 's son .
throughout his life the uncle is expected to [show] particular care and attention towards his sister 's son .

And , as we shall see , even where they directly contradict the evidence of the senses , false beliefs may yet continue unabashed and display a quite remarkable resilience .
and , as we shall see , even where they directly contradict the evidence of the senses , false beliefs may yet continue unabashed and [show] a quite remarkable resilience .

The femininity of women threatens to pollute Lele masculinity : in common with our own and many other cultures , the Lele display a form of the Delilah-complex , although in their case the common association between women ( as wayward creatures of nature ) and the wild is virtually stood on its head .
the femininity of women threatens to pollute lele masculinity : in common with our own and many other cultures , the lele [show] a form of the delilah-complex , although in their case the common association between women ( as wayward creatures of nature ) and the wild is virtually stood on its head .

Yet education is very much the sort of thing you might expect Moore 's principles to display as worth while in its own right rather than merely as a means to , or even component of , other things .
yet education is very much the sort of thing you might expect moore 's principles to [show] as worth while in its own right rather than merely as a means to , or even component of , other things .

Government policy over the media and its display of sexually violent images thus appears contradictory .
government policy over the media and its [show] of sexually violent images thus appears contradictory .

There is little doubt that the popular newspapers and the police embrace the copycat phenomenon with enthusiasm , so they may be misleading on many occasions with the supposed examples they sometimes put on display .
there is little doubt that the popular newspapers and the police embrace the copycat phenomenon with enthusiasm , so they may be misleading on many occasions with the supposed examples they sometimes put on [show] .

Again the implication is that women can avoid rape through a display of courage when in reality other rather more fortuitous factors are much more important , as this woman actually recognised ' .
again the implication is that women can avoid rape through a [show] of courage when in reality other rather more fortuitous factors are much more important , as this woman actually recognised ' .

Others display a sharp sense of personal responsibility and self-reliance .
others [show] a sharp sense of personal responsibility and self-reliance .

Calthrop , which was built from original plans , is now largely sidelined because of a smoke box ‘ riddled ’ with corrosion … although she was demonstration-steamed this summer as a static display , amazing Mr Blackhurst when she signalled 40lbs per square even in her tired state .
calthrop , which was built from original plans , is now largely sidelined because of a smoke box ‘ riddled ’ with corrosion … although she was demonstration-steamed this summer as a static [show] , amazing mr blackhurst when she signalled 40lbs per square even in her tired state .

In the main entrance a fine example of a renovated pump trolley is on display .
in the main entrance a fine example of a renovated pump trolley is on [show] .

Outside , the signalbox has a display by a local wildlife artist while nearby a ground-frame is connected to two Great Western semaphore signals which , when pulled , operate to ‘ on-off ’ positions .
outside , the signalbox has a [show] by a local wildlife artist while nearby a ground-frame is connected to two great western semaphore signals which , when pulled , operate to ‘ on-off ’ positions .

One of the host clubs layouts will be on display together with a range of layouts entered by members of the Lytham-St .
one of the host clubs layouts will be on [show] together with a range of layouts entered by members of the lytham-st .

This display features 3½″ and 5″ gauge live steam locos operated by members of the Fylde Society of Model Engineers .
this [show] features 3½″ and 5″ gauge live steam locos operated by members of the fylde society of model engineers .

The West Somerset Railway is keen to hear from anyone who may be able to donate or loan railway memorabilia from the Minehead line for display in the visitor centre .
the west somerset railway is keen to hear from anyone who may be able to donate or loan railway memorabilia from the minehead line for [show] in the visitor centre .

An exhibition of railway art by Simon Bowditch will be on display in the Visitor Centre over the weekend , as well as live steam working scale models from the Taunton Model Engineers group .
an exhibition of railway art by simon bowditch will be on [show] in the visitor centre over the weekend , as well as live steam working scale models from the taunton model engineers group .

Pupils have a good deal of two-dimensional material presented to them , on the television screen , in software programs run on visual display units , in books and illustrations .
pupils have a good deal of two-dimensional material presented to them , on the television screen , in software programs run on visual [show] units , in books and illustrations .

Finally , at the height of the chaos , a Capellan system ship came by , with great ceremony and display of technical superiority , to require the immediate departure of the Frasque .
finally , at the height of the chaos , a capellan system ship came by , with great ceremony and [show] of technical superiority , to require the immediate departure of the frasque .

The Ipswich branch of The Body Shop sponsored the event ; Talk Electric lent a set of display stands ; local craftsmen and women gave framing and sign-writing services .
the ipswich branch of the body shop sponsored the event ; talk electric lent a set of [show] stands ; local craftsmen and women gave framing and sign-writing services .

Most of the trade is passers-by , but people are attracted by the comprehensive display in what was an empty shop site , at the station entrance , which London Transport has allowed the branch to erect .
most of the trade is passers-by , but people are attracted by the comprehensive [show] in what was an empty shop site , at the station entrance , which london transport has allowed the branch to erect .

Once in front of the judge , the dog needs to display itself to best effect as it moves around the ring .
once in front of the judge , the dog needs to [show] itself to best effect as it moves around the ring .

At first you may have to prize open the jaws gently , but soon the puppy should learn to release the item without hesitation , if encouraged to do so by a display of affection afterwards .
at first you may have to prize open the jaws gently , but soon the puppy should learn to release the item without hesitation , if encouraged to do so by a [show] of affection afterwards .

The bitch may display all the typical signs of pregnancy , even to the extent of lactating , but actually has no puppies .
the bitch may [show] all the typical signs of pregnancy , even to the extent of lactating , but actually has no puppies .

That is , they do this in every case except that of an exorcism ritual where the point is to make a deliberate display of violence and aggression , in the sense of ‘ intentionally causing suffering to another being ’ , to frighten the predatory spirits .
that is , they do this in every case except that of an exorcism ritual where the point is to make a deliberate [show] of violence and aggression , in the sense of ‘ intentionally causing suffering to another being ’ , to frighten the predatory spirits .

The Piaroa place immense value upon personal moderation in behaviour and are therefore appalled by most display of excess , especially if violent in intention .
the piaroa place immense value upon personal moderation in behaviour and are therefore appalled by most [show] of excess , especially if violent in intention .

Such variation in the conception of stable moral boundaries that delimit friend and extreme otherness reflects the considerable difference between the Piaroa and such groups as the Shavante and the Yanomami in their everyday display of hostilities .
such variation in the conception of stable moral boundaries that delimit friend and extreme otherness reflects the considerable difference between the piaroa and such groups as the shavante and the yanomami in their everyday [show] of hostilities .

Hunting also provides the men with a public stage for the stylized display of virility .
hunting also provides the men with a public stage for the stylized [show] of virility .

The boys during this period of seclusion learn athletic prowess and how to display belligerence .
the boys during this period of seclusion learn athletic prowess and how to [show] belligerence .

They , for instance , display in self-deportment great tranquillity , or mastery of emotions ; for one of their greatest duties is to create the tranquil relationships which would allow for the work of building community , and therefore for its wealth .
they , for instance , [show] in self-deportment great tranquillity , or mastery of emotions ; for one of their greatest duties is to create the tranquil relationships which would allow for the work of building community , and therefore for its wealth .

Most Steam Festival weekends have a theme , such as vintage locomotives and wartime railways , supported by display trains and locomotive displays .
most steam festival weekends have a theme , such as vintage locomotives and wartime railways , supported by [show] trains and locomotive displays .

The Industry Trains Display has been strengthened with forestry and brickworks train sets for the Steam Festival and a special photographic exhibition has been assembled for visitors to view .
the industry trains [show] has been strengthened with forestry and brickworks train sets for the steam festival and a special photographic exhibition has been assembled for visitors to view .

Called ‘ Tracks in Time — The story of the Tram ’ — the display commences with the era of the horse-tram with a visit to tramway stables and a ‘ commentary ’ from a stable-lad on what life was like looking after the horses .
called ‘ tracks in time — the story of the tram ’ — the [show] commences with the era of the horse-tram with a visit to tramway stables and a ‘ commentary ’ from a stable-lad on what life was like looking after the horses .

Males have display or song posts to which they attract females for mating .
males have [show] or song posts to which they attract females for mating .

The male 's display involves a distinctive song and the flashing of his red wing patches .
the male 's [show] involves a distinctive song and the flashing of his red wing patches .

The males of these species display in groups in order to attract females .
the males of these species [show] in groups in order to attract females .

The display ground is referred to as a lek , which , depending on the species , may be located in the centre of a large open meadow or deep in a tropical rain forest .
the [show] ground is referred to as a lek , which , depending on the species , may be located in the centre of a large open meadow or deep in a tropical rain forest .

Male blue-backed manakins of South America display in pairs , performing highly ritualised and marvellously synchronised displays .
male blue-backed manakins of south america [show] in pairs , performing highly ritualised and marvellously synchronised displays .

When a female appears the two males start to perform the ‘ catherine wheel ’ display .
when a female appears the two males start to perform the ‘ catherine wheel ’ [show] .

The catherine Wheel display of blue-backed manakins .
the catherine wheel [show] of blue-backed manakins .

Males display in groups on the forest floor , clearing small areas — their ‘ courts ’ — of all leaves and twigs .
males [show] in groups on the forest floor , clearing small areas — their ‘ courts ’ — of all leaves and twigs .

The arrival of a female at the lek drives the males into a frenzy of display , with much showing off of their remarkable crests .
the arrival of a female at the lek drives the males into a frenzy of [show] , with much showing off of their remarkable crests .

They do this by means of a beautiful display in which they appear to float across their territory showing off their enormous tails .
they do this by means of a beautiful [show] in which they appear to float across their territory showing off their enormous tails .

When a female approaches the bower , the male starts to display .
when a female approaches the bower , the male starts to [show] .

The dunnock has a most unusual pre-copulatory display .
the dunnock has a most unusual pre-copulatory [show] .

Before mating , the birds perform a display which is unique in the animal kingdom .
before mating , the birds perform a [show] which is unique in the animal kingdom .

Other males appear to be able to tell when females are near to laying , and try their best to seduce them using prolonged bouts of song and courtship display : sometimes they succeed and the female allows a strange male to mate with her .
other males appear to be able to tell when females are near to laying , and try their best to seduce them using prolonged bouts of song and courtship [show] : sometimes they succeed and the female allows a strange male to mate with her .

Tree frogs of the genus Phyllomedusa display a novel adaptation for avoiding desiccation .
tree frogs of the genus phyllomedusa [show] a novel adaptation for avoiding desiccation .

Fishermen of tropical seas who regularly catch sea snakes display little or no fear of them , handling them with impunity and either killing them or throwing them back in the water .
fishermen of tropical seas who regularly catch sea snakes [show] little or no fear of them , handling them with impunity and either killing them or throwing them back in the water .

Two goats will circle head to tail in a display of strength , tossing their heads and posturing and grunting at each other .
two goats will circle head to tail in a [show] of strength , tossing their heads and posturing and grunting at each other .

The Huntingdon Centre in the Paragon has a fascinating display on Bath 's history .
the huntingdon centre in the paragon has a fascinating [show] on bath 's history .

Nearby at Arlingtoll Mill museum you can see a display of rural crafts many of which are no longer practised .
nearby at arlingtoll mill museum you can see a [show] of rural crafts many of which are no longer practised .

Others , which display the higher growth rates of the Pacific countries , the greater per capita incomes of their peoples , and the steadily increasing volumes of iron ore , oil and containerized trade crossing the Pacific , are powerful indicators of an undeniable trend .
others , which [show] the higher growth rates of the pacific countries , the greater per capita incomes of their peoples , and the steadily increasing volumes of iron ore , oil and containerized trade crossing the pacific , are powerful indicators of an undeniable trend .

He was in Dublin — an improbable place for a display of Pacific oratory — when he declared :
he was in dublin — an improbable place for a [show] of pacific oratory — when he declared :

And what they all display , rather too baldly though highly effectively , is the simple economic importance of the Ocean .
and what they all [show] , rather too baldly though highly effectively , is the simple economic importance of the ocean .

Next the upper jaw ends , the lower begins , the outline turning back south-westwards through Samoa , Tonga and the Kermadec Islands to the Bay of Plenty in New Zealand ( where , in a typical display of tectonic activity , there was a major earthquake with considerable damage and injury in 1987 ) .
next the upper jaw ends , the lower begins , the outline turning back south-westwards through samoa , tonga and the kermadec islands to the bay of plenty in new zealand ( where , in a typical [show] of tectonic activity , there was a major earthquake with considerable damage and injury in 1987 ) .

The framework reared up once again , to display him : a body webbed with argent tracery clutched within a thin unyielding skeleton of steel .
the framework reared up once again , to [show] him : a body webbed with argent tracery clutched within a thin unyielding skeleton of steel .

It pleased the Deputy Under Secretary to display his knowledge .
it pleased the deputy under secretary to [show] his knowledge .

And in 1993 the construction of a wagon display building will begin to house one of Britain 's largest collections of goods vehicles .
and in 1993 the construction of a wagon [show] building will begin to house one of britain 's largest collections of goods vehicles .

All three vehicles have been the subjects of intensive restoration work over many years and are normally seen on display in the Centre 's Matthew Kirtley Museum .
all three vehicles have been the subjects of intensive restoration work over many years and are normally seen on [show] in the centre 's matthew kirtley museum .

In the end , seventeen different forms of motive power were on display along with a wide range of other railway related attractions .
in the end , seventeen different forms of motive power were on [show] along with a wide range of other railway related attractions .

The Heritage Centre ( or , to use its new title , The Railway Age ) will be open to all on the day , with a number of interesting exhibits , including the sole-surviving Advanced Passenger Train , on display .
the heritage centre ( or , to use its new title , the railway age ) will be open to all on the day , with a number of interesting exhibits , including the sole-surviving advanced passenger train , on [show] .

This in turn has led to systems of employment of labour which , while not unique , yet display a measure of variety and flexibility rarely encountered in other industries .
this in turn has led to systems of employment of labour which , while not unique , yet [show] a measure of variety and flexibility rarely encountered in other industries .

Veterans mostly of conferences and corporate operations where the good time masked a definite hidden agenda , they were steering him through the introductions deftly and with an impressive display of memory .
veterans mostly of conferences and corporate operations where the good time masked a definite hidden agenda , they were steering him through the introductions deftly and with an impressive [show] of memory .

After such an intolerable display , all those involved in the incident were sacked and Reg Pybus was left to rebuild as best he could .
after such an intolerable [show] , all those involved in the incident were sacked and reg pybus was left to rebuild as best he could .

My granddaughter is safe at our table with Jane , and in a moment we 're all going to watch the firework display .
my granddaughter is safe at our table with jane , and in a moment we 're all going to watch the firework [show] .

He was wearing a pale-blue safari-style jacket , belted at the last hole , short-sleeved to display the diamond-faced gold Rolex worn on one beefy wrist .
he was wearing a pale-blue safari-style jacket , belted at the last hole , short-sleeved to [show] the diamond-faced gold rolex worn on one beefy wrist .

This example shows how it is possible to display the qualities of a good lawyer without knowing much law .
this example shows how it is possible to [show] the qualities of a good lawyer without knowing much law .

His hands flickered over the console and brought up the weapons display .
his hands flickered over the console and brought up the weapons [show] .

Mr Broadhurst 's caravan was as unlived-in as an imaginary room constructed to display furniture in a department store .
mr broadhurst 's caravan was as unlived-in as an imaginary room constructed to [show] furniture in a department store .

The display in the shop window was an extravagant scenario designed to showcase a monster train set .
the [show] in the shop window was an extravagant scenario designed to showcase a monster train set .

The curtain rose disclosing a set which for strident artificiality compared favourably with the train display in the toy shop .
the curtain rose disclosing a set which for strident artificiality compared favourably with the train [show] in the toy shop .

Having said that there is a partial loss of orientation in the Arabic version , it must be emphasized that the Arabic version does display a reasonable level of thematic continuity in its own right .
having said that there is a partial loss of orientation in the arabic version , it must be emphasized that the arabic version does [show] a reasonable level of thematic continuity in its own right .

Short sentences , a varied array of conjunctions , and absence of the typical conjunctions ( mainly wa , fa , and a few other particles ) are associated with translated Arabic texts — original Arabic texts do not normally display these features .
short sentences , a varied array of conjunctions , and absence of the typical conjunctions ( mainly wa , fa , and a few other particles ) are associated with translated arabic texts — original arabic texts do not normally [show] these features .

The black wings and running-board set off the sober mole colour of the body , and the President glowed as he proudly explained the working of the controls and gear lever , opened the doors to display the interior with its adjustable foot-rests for the rear-seat passengers and obliged a request from one admirer to see how much space there was in the luggage compartment at the back .
the black wings and running-board set off the sober mole colour of the body , and the president glowed as he proudly explained the working of the controls and gear lever , opened the doors to [show] the interior with its adjustable foot-rests for the rear-seat passengers and obliged a request from one admirer to see how much space there was in the luggage compartment at the back .

After all , if a fellow was not allowed below waist level — and the all-in-one pantie girdle was impregnable without traitorous and lustful help from the inside — then what else was there but hours of despairing mauling of the mammaries , offered up as they were with the aid of uplift-under-wired-half-cup-sponge-rubber-lace-nylon and steel display cases .
after all , if a fellow was not allowed below waist level — and the all-in-one pantie girdle was impregnable without traitorous and lustful help from the inside — then what else was there but hours of despairing mauling of the mammaries , offered up as they were with the aid of uplift-under-wired-half-cup-sponge-rubber-lace-nylon and steel [show] cases .

There are only two varieties of western male who routinely and deliberately display what they may or may not have been born with ( rumours of radiator hoses and sockfuls of sand abound ) and they are the matador and the heavy rock ' n ' roller .
there are only two varieties of western male who routinely and deliberately [show] what they may or may not have been born with ( rumours of radiator hoses and sockfuls of sand abound ) and they are the matador and the heavy rock ' n ' roller .

The former dons the flamboyantly explicit costume of the fifteenth century to perform the most clear-cut display of male bravado ever devised .
the former dons the flamboyantly explicit costume of the fifteenth century to perform the most clear-cut [show] of male bravado ever devised .

Yet the milieu within which British pop operated undercut then dominant modes of masculinity : ‘ Images of men must disavow this element of passivity ( caused by putting the body on display ) if they are to be kept in line with dominant ideas of masculinity-as-activity ’ .
yet the milieu within which british pop operated undercut then dominant modes of masculinity : ‘ images of men must disavow this element of passivity ( caused by putting the body on [show] ) if they are to be kept in line with dominant ideas of masculinity-as-activity ’ .

Typically , its social effect was highly ambiguous : this placing of the private at centre stage was in part a flight from harsher social conditions , in part a coded opposition to them : ‘ glam rock revelled in a display that was intent on demonstrating that the assumed ‘ privacy ’ of sexual matters then being so fervently insisted upon by Mrs Whitehouse , was an illusion ' .
typically , its social effect was highly ambiguous : this placing of the private at centre stage was in part a flight from harsher social conditions , in part a coded opposition to them : ‘ glam rock revelled in a [show] that was intent on demonstrating that the assumed ‘ privacy ’ of sexual matters then being so fervently insisted upon by mrs whitehouse , was an illusion ' .

Ruth wandered through the department , studying the dresses on display — and the young ladies behind the counters as well — but she could not see a familiar face .
ruth wandered through the department , studying the dresses on [show] — and the young ladies behind the counters as well — but she could not see a familiar face .

She had not been favourably impressed by Trevor 's arrogant display of bad manners , but kept her thoughts to herself .
she had not been favourably impressed by trevor 's arrogant [show] of bad manners , but kept her thoughts to herself .

As with men 's share of unpaid household work , indicators such as the ratio of women 's to men 's rates of pay , plotted in figure 10.2 , and women 's share in household earnings , have shown some changes but still display a gulf between the sexes .
as with men 's share of unpaid household work , indicators such as the ratio of women 's to men 's rates of pay , plotted in figure 10.2 , and women 's share in household earnings , have shown some changes but still [show] a gulf between the sexes .

Plate glass , thicker at the bottom with the weight of decades , glittered ; a display of diamonds and spider-gems refracted the sunshine with painful intensity .
plate glass , thicker at the bottom with the weight of decades , glittered ; a [show] of diamonds and spider-gems refracted the sunshine with painful intensity .

Three doors sprang into view ; the guide led Chesarynth behind the display of savage gold and through the right-hand door .
three doors sprang into view ; the guide led chesarynth behind the [show] of savage gold and through the right-hand door .

Profit that glowed like beads in a smoked-glass display .
profit that glowed like beads in a smoked-glass [show] .

The solid blue of Kandinskaya 's imminence spiked darker and thinner with frustration and Jezrael responded with an overt — if insincere — display of attention .
the solid blue of kandinskaya 's imminence spiked darker and thinner with frustration and jezrael responded with an overt — if insincere — [show] of attention .

Even the garden , which can be used for the conspicuous display of flowers and shrubs rather than the more utilitarian purpose of growing food , may become part of this .
even the garden , which can be used for the conspicuous [show] of flowers and shrubs rather than the more utilitarian purpose of growing food , may become part of this .

What followed was a display of tumbling combined with erotic exhibitionism .
what followed was a [show] of tumbling combined with erotic exhibitionism .

Standing there naked , her legs wide apart to display her femininity , she felt like a model in a porn show .
standing there naked , her legs wide apart to [show] her femininity , she felt like a model in a porn show .

Richard Harrison came up to her as she was standing in front of a pedlar whose display included a cluster of ribbons : red , blue , yellow , green .
richard harrison came up to her as she was standing in front of a pedlar whose [show] included a cluster of ribbons : red , blue , yellow , green .

display quite appalling ignorance of other parts of the subject — it does n't seem to matter too much to the arts faculty or the historians , that you concentrate on something here and know nothing about important things elsewhere .
[show] quite appalling ignorance of other parts of the subject — it does n't seem to matter too much to the arts faculty or the historians , that you concentrate on something here and know nothing about important things elsewhere .

That is to say , the variation is not necessarily patterned in one single linguistic dimension ( for example , it does not necessarily move in a single phonetic direction : it may diverge in two or more directions ) , nor does it necessarily display a unilinear or unidirectional pattern in terms of any independent ‘ social ’ variable : on the contrary , the patterns shown in relation to different social variables may conflict and interact in a variety of ways .
that is to say , the variation is not necessarily patterned in one single linguistic dimension ( for example , it does not necessarily move in a single phonetic direction : it may diverge in two or more directions ) , nor does it necessarily [show] a unilinear or unidirectional pattern in terms of any independent ‘ social ’ variable : on the contrary , the patterns shown in relation to different social variables may conflict and interact in a variety of ways .

In fact almost all the variables quantified display the sharply differentiated pattern most clearly in Ballymacarrett .
in fact almost all the variables quantified [show] the sharply differentiated pattern most clearly in ballymacarrett .

Before fricatives ( except palatal fricatives ) and voiced consonants generally , a long back vowel is favoured , with labial and nasal environments most inclined to display the rounded back vowel .
before fricatives ( except palatal fricatives ) and voiced consonants generally , a long back vowel is favoured , with labial and nasal environments most inclined to [show] the rounded back vowel .

The Belfast and general Hiberno-English system seems to display a situation similar to EModE , and they cast considerable doubt on the principle of irreversibility of merger .
the belfast and general hiberno-english system seems to [show] a situation similar to emode , and they cast considerable doubt on the principle of irreversibility of merger .

Members display high levels of energy , motivation and commitment in pursuit of those objectives .
members [show] high levels of energy , motivation and commitment in pursuit of those objectives .

In describing anchoring , social representation theorists seem to display a similarity with some of the ideas of mainstream cognitive social psychology , despite Moscovici 's penetrating critique of cognitivism ( Moscovici , 1982 ) .
in describing anchoring , social representation theorists seem to [show] a similarity with some of the ideas of mainstream cognitive social psychology , despite moscovici 's penetrating critique of cognitivism ( moscovici , 1982 ) .

Evidence for this comes from the fact that the ambivalent expression does not seem to be confined to a limited range of situations , in which individuals find themselves on public display , especially to an audience from a higher social class or more advanced educational attainment .
evidence for this comes from the fact that the ambivalent expression does not seem to be confined to a limited range of situations , in which individuals find themselves on public [show] , especially to an audience from a higher social class or more advanced educational attainment .

Section 4 of the Business Names Act 1985 requires that sole traders who operate their business in any name other than their own must display their own name clearly on all business letters , invoices , receipts , written orders for goods , etc. to be supplied to the business , and written demands for payment of debts owing to the business .
section 4 of the business names act 1985 requires that sole traders who operate their business in any name other than their own must [show] their own name clearly on all business letters , invoices , receipts , written orders for goods , etc. to be supplied to the business , and written demands for payment of debts owing to the business .

While it is possible to draw attention to these object frames as forms of display , more commonly they are the appropriate background for living .
while it is possible to draw attention to these object frames as forms of [show] , more commonly they are the appropriate background for living .

In the museum display of these materials ( such as the treasures of Tutankhamun 's tomb ) , stress may be laid on the objects ' discovery by British archaeologists , thereby helping to legitimize the implicit pseudo-evolutionary claims of historical advance as civilization ( Gidri 1974 ) .
in the museum [show] of these materials ( such as the treasures of tutankhamun 's tomb ) , stress may be laid on the objects ' discovery by british archaeologists , thereby helping to legitimize the implicit pseudo-evolutionary claims of historical advance as civilization ( gidri 1974 ) .

From 1660 onwards , pottery was more frequently used in food preparation and consumption , and there was the first ceremonial use of plates in parlour display .
from 1660 onwards , pottery was more frequently used in food preparation and consumption , and there was the first ceremonial use of plates in parlour [show] .

In this work , rather than being reduced to utility or competitive status display , goods are examined in terms of their expressive and symbolic function , and the central thesis with respect to this is one which has largely been assumed in the present work .
in this work , rather than being reduced to utility or competitive status [show] , goods are examined in terms of their expressive and symbolic function , and the central thesis with respect to this is one which has largely been assumed in the present work .

The individual being insufficient for the expression of these values , they might be extended in vicarious forms such as footservants who had nothing to do but to display their own superfluity , or pets , which provided surfaces for the further display of luxury .
the individual being insufficient for the expression of these values , they might be extended in vicarious forms such as footservants who had nothing to do but to [show] their own superfluity , or pets , which provided surfaces for the further [show] of luxury .

Bourdieu , though less witty and stylish , achieves a large number of advances over Veblen 's account in terms of the sophistication of his analysis and his ability to move this critique away from the characterization of a particular segment of the population to the analysis of French society as a whole , and from simple emulation and display to complex forces of strategy and social reproduction .
bourdieu , though less witty and stylish , achieves a large number of advances over veblen 's account in terms of the sophistication of his analysis and his ability to move this critique away from the characterization of a particular segment of the population to the analysis of french society as a whole , and from simple emulation and [show] to complex forces of strategy and social reproduction .

The overt display of wealth and consumption by Veblen 's leisure class is challenged by a more subtle , detached and inconspicuous form to be appreciated only by those sufficiently cultivated or civilized .
the overt [show] of wealth and consumption by veblen 's leisure class is challenged by a more subtle , detached and inconspicuous form to be appreciated only by those sufficiently cultivated or civilized .

The ultimate food for the display of cultural capital today is the nouvelle cuisine , which refuses any suggestion that food might be for sustenance , a minimalist food which emphasizes the aesthetic of presentation , an austere but cultivated pleasure .
the ultimate food for the [show] of cultural capital today is the nouvelle cuisine , which refuses any suggestion that food might be for sustenance , a minimalist food which emphasizes the aesthetic of presentation , an austere but cultivated pleasure .

Jackson ( 1973 : 145 ) shows that these interests were hidden by the demands of style , as in the semi-detached properties which employed a basic frame but added a spurious individuality on the façade in order to make the house more attractive to prospective buyers , or the modernist-style buildings , which proclaimed their scientific nature to the degree that elements of the internal construction which would not normally have been visible were externalized onto the façade to display a commitment to the appropriation of new technologies .
jackson ( 1973 : 145 ) shows that these interests were hidden by the demands of style , as in the semi-detached properties which employed a basic frame but added a spurious individuality on the façade in order to make the house more attractive to prospective buyers , or the modernist-style buildings , which proclaimed their scientific nature to the degree that elements of the internal construction which would not normally have been visible were externalized onto the façade to [show] a commitment to the appropriation of new technologies .

There was humping and heaving at Les Halles , and unloading and loading in the Cours Mirabeau , not to mention the display that had to be set up afresh daily .
there was humping and heaving at les halles , and unloading and loading in the cours mirabeau , not to mention the [show] that had to be set up afresh daily .

In a compliance system , however , statistics of impact are more likely to be employed to display the organization 's effectiveness in repairing harm .
in a compliance system , however , statistics of impact are more likely to be employed to [show] the organization 's effectiveness in repairing harm .

Their privacy and low visibility may be exploited by enforcers who , as a strategic consideration to secure compliance , can hold out the prospect of the ultimate sanction for deviance — the public display of the polluter as a defendant in court .
their privacy and low visibility may be exploited by enforcers who , as a strategic consideration to secure compliance , can hold out the prospect of the ultimate sanction for deviance — the public [show] of the polluter as a defendant in court .

My intention is to display pollution control work as individual and organizational activity premised upon the appreciation of symbol and common-sense theorizing about behaviour .
my intention is to [show] pollution control work as individual and organizational activity premised upon the appreciation of symbol and common-sense theorizing about behaviour .

The agencies display a sometimes considerable flexibility both in the standards set and in the enforcement policy adopted , in recognition of the technical difficulties and costs of complying , the potential for error , and the stigmatizing effect of strict legal enforcement .
the agencies [show] a sometimes considerable flexibility both in the standards set and in the enforcement policy adopted , in recognition of the technical difficulties and costs of complying , the potential for error , and the stigmatizing effect of strict legal enforcement .

In a substantial proportion of cases dischargers normally display little or no objection to the standards imposed by the agency , as a result of preparatory work in negotiations conducted by the field officer together with , in more important cases , his area supervisor .
in a substantial proportion of cases dischargers normally [show] little or no objection to the standards imposed by the agency , as a result of preparatory work in negotiations conducted by the field officer together with , in more important cases , his area supervisor .

There is a splendid display of drinks .
there is a splendid [show] of drinks .

To be parsimonious in the use of parameters assists in the display of deviance ; in a prosecution it aids a portrayal of guilt , as an agency head explained :
to be parsimonious in the use of parameters assists in the [show] of deviance ; in a prosecution it aids a portrayal of guilt , as an agency head explained :

Part of the field officer 's art is to display an understanding of each polluter 's problems , and to resist the temptation to treat as routine demands which may prove to be extremely onerous , particularly for one in an economically vulnerable position .
part of the field officer 's art is to [show] an understanding of each polluter 's problems , and to resist the temptation to treat as routine demands which may prove to be extremely onerous , particularly for one in an economically vulnerable position .

On the other hand , a display of due respect which denies the possibility of being interpreted as deference may be necessary when dealing with senior officials in a large and powerful organization .
on the other hand , a [show] of due respect which denies the possibility of being interpreted as deference may be necessary when dealing with senior officials in a large and powerful organization .

According to the more experienced officers , the incessant demands for paper from headquarters divert them from more pressing tasks and display an innocence among senior staff about the nature of the job , a view the more firmly held in the knowledge that few senior men have ever worked in the field themselves ( cf .
according to the more experienced officers , the incessant demands for paper from headquarters divert them from more pressing tasks and [show] an innocence among senior staff about the nature of the job , a view the more firmly held in the knowledge that few senior men have ever worked in the field themselves ( cf .

This is because compliance is the end of enforcement and its effective attainment requires a constant display of helpfulness and reasonableness .
this is because compliance is the end of enforcement and its effective attainment requires a constant [show] of helpfulness and reasonableness .

Field staff , with few exceptions , possess a considerable sense of vocation and idealism , and display a commitment to their ultimate goal of the protection of the environment .
field staff , with few exceptions , possess a considerable sense of vocation and idealism , and [show] a commitment to their ultimate goal of the protection of the environment .

There are no ready measures to display as indices of success .
there are no ready measures to [show] as indices of success .

In routine work the field man must display himself as competent in other , subtler ways , showing himself to be on top of his job .
in routine work the field man must [show] himself as competent in other , subtler ways , showing himself to be on top of his job .

It is interesting that although idioms consist of more than one word , they display to some extent the sort of internal cohesion that we expect of single words .
it is interesting that although idioms consist of more than one word , they [show] to some extent the sort of internal cohesion that we expect of single words .

Although they display some of the characteristic properties of idioms , bound collocations are nevertheless , as far as we are concerned , lexically complex .
although they [show] some of the characteristic properties of idioms , bound collocations are nevertheless , as far as we are concerned , lexically complex .

Exchangeable display language software .
exchangeable [show] language software .

‘ Silly old bugger , ’ she says suddenly , as Fairfax , in the way of elderly men who have once been very athletic , hobbles and skips to the lavatory , trying to shake the easily accumulated stiffness out of his limbs , as though by this display of sprightliness he can somehow leap out of the tethers fi-xing him to the earth .
‘ silly old bugger , ’ she says suddenly , as fairfax , in the way of elderly men who have once been very athletic , hobbles and skips to the lavatory , trying to shake the easily accumulated stiffness out of his limbs , as though by this [show] of sprightliness he can somehow leap out of the tethers fi-xing him to the earth .

If ‘ things ’ , proclaiming merely material values , were unduly obtrusive in middle-class parlours , their display in such kitchens was sanctified by domestic labour and domestic pleasure .
if ‘ things ’ , proclaiming merely material values , were unduly obtrusive in middle-class parlours , their [show] in such kitchens was sanctified by domestic labour and domestic pleasure .

Furniture becomes more intimate and domestic , adapted to family life , not public display .
furniture becomes more intimate and domestic , adapted to family life , not public [show] .

The economic stresses of our time and the pressures of international competition make it more necessary than ever before that Britain 's work-force should possess the skills and attitudes , and display the understanding , the enterprise and adaptability that the pervasive impact of technological advance will increasingly demand .
the economic stresses of our time and the pressures of international competition make it more necessary than ever before that britain 's work-force should possess the skills and attitudes , and [show] the understanding , the enterprise and adaptability that the pervasive impact of technological advance will increasingly demand .

The Nile has little need of such display .
the nile has little need of such [show] .

There were racks of rifles of various sizes and vintages , a stand of archery bows , a wall display of arrows , a mounted cross-bow , and a glass case with a pair of eighteenth-century pistols .
there were racks of rifles of various sizes and vintages , a stand of archery bows , a wall [show] of arrows , a mounted cross-bow , and a glass case with a pair of eighteenth-century pistols .

The temple at Edfu , which we reached on the morning of the third day , was dedicated to Horus , for this was the spot where he was said to have vanquished Seth , and thus to have established the ascendancy of good over evil , This is never a , convincing concept , and the reliefs display the struggle and its happy outcome with an adamancy that seems to betray doubt .
the temple at edfu , which we reached on the morning of the third day , was dedicated to horus , for this was the spot where he was said to have vanquished seth , and thus to have established the ascendancy of good over evil , this is never a , convincing concept , and the reliefs [show] the struggle and its happy outcome with an adamancy that seems to betray doubt .

The change of any of these values , however , would immediately evoke the re-calculation of the functional value and , if out of range , its subsequent display on the screen .
the change of any of these values , however , would immediately evoke the re-calculation of the functional value and , if out of range , its subsequent [show] on the screen .

Should the change in relationships bring about an unexpected clash with yet another component domain , then it may be sufficient to display only the excursion boxes .
should the change in relationships bring about an unexpected clash with yet another component domain , then it may be sufficient to [show] only the excursion boxes .

The display will thus be of equal or lower model quality to that used in the analysis .
the [show] will thus be of equal or lower model quality to that used in the analysis .

Should more detail be required then it could be requested by asking for minimum separation or the display of the region local to that minimum .
should more detail be required then it could be requested by asking for minimum separation or the [show] of the region local to that minimum .

More than one part can be entered into that working drawing in order to display the interaction of assembled parts or those which may have a tendency to clash .
more than one part can be entered into that working drawing in order to [show] the interaction of assembled parts or those which may have a tendency to clash .

Etiquette demanded it , as a display of their femininity .
etiquette demanded it , as a [show] of their femininity .

The sun came on stage for its evening display of vulgar wealth , and Ladjang turned towards Mecca in prayer .
the sun came on stage for its evening [show] of vulgar wealth , and ladjang turned towards mecca in prayer .

Sometimes covers for reports are made with rectangular `` windows `` that display the title on the title page , even when the report is closed .
sometimes covers for reports are made with rectangular `` windows `` that [show] the title on the title page , even when the report is closed .

These aptly named whirligig beetles spin round continually , creating a dizzy display which confuses potential predators , and yet the beetles appear never to collide .
these aptly named whirligig beetles spin round continually , creating a dizzy [show] which confuses potential predators , and yet the beetles appear never to collide .

Migrating birds display great sensitivity to the direction and force of air currents , changing altitude frequently to find the best conditions , and yet for many years their sensors have eluded detection .
migrating birds [show] great sensitivity to the direction and force of air currents , changing altitude frequently to find the best conditions , and yet for many years their sensors have eluded detection .

However , during the breeding season , males gather together on a display ground known as a lek .
however , during the breeding season , males gather together on a [show] ground known as a lek .

This not only provides a dazzling display which might confuse the predator , but also gives each antelope the advantage of safety in numbers within the fleeing herd .
this not only provides a dazzling [show] which might confuse the predator , but also gives each antelope the advantage of safety in numbers within the fleeing herd .

Suppose , however , that there were no such consent — in , for example , a shop where goods on display were to be taken from the shelves only by the attendant .
suppose , however , that there were no such consent — in , for example , a shop where goods on [show] were to be taken from the shelves only by the attendant .

Many , many herbs are first-class in containers like these , and one can have the pleasure of a spring display , to be replaced by summer-flowering fragrant herbs , all with a permanent backbone of evergreens such as lavender , sweet bay , cotton lavender , or rosemary .
many , many herbs are first-class in containers like these , and one can have the pleasure of a spring [show] , to be replaced by summer-flowering fragrant herbs , all with a permanent backbone of evergreens such as lavender , sweet bay , cotton lavender , or rosemary .

Corners of the garden which are awkward and difficult to plant decoratively because of their size and soil state , could be successfully filled with a container-grown herb or herbs , even changing the display as the seasons alter .
corners of the garden which are awkward and difficult to plant decoratively because of their size and soil state , could be successfully filled with a container-grown herb or herbs , even changing the [show] as the seasons alter .

The display can be even more eye-catching if use is made of the wide choice of containers now available .
the [show] can be even more eye-catching if use is made of the wide choice of containers now available .

The formality of the container itself gives herbs the precision they need to make the most of their subtle colourings and aromas , and to display their foliage shapes at their best .
the formality of the container itself gives herbs the precision they need to make the most of their subtle colourings and aromas , and to [show] their foliage shapes at their best .

The frequent finding of a left visual hemifield advantage in the perception or discrimination of line orientation may reflect an overall right hemisphere superiority for tasks which stress the spatial arrangement of elements in a stimulus display ( Gross , 1972 ; Kimura and Durnford , 1974 ; Robertshaw and Sheldon , 1976 ; Pitblado , 1979a ) .
the frequent finding of a left visual hemifield advantage in the perception or discrimination of line orientation may reflect an overall right hemisphere superiority for tasks which stress the spatial arrangement of elements in a stimulus [show] ( gross , 1972 ; kimura and durnford , 1974 ; robertshaw and sheldon , 1976 ; pitblado , 1979a ) .

She presented three rows of two letters in either the left or right field and asked subjects either for a full report of all six letters or simply to recall a particular pair of letters ( partial report condition ) corresponding to a single column of the display .
she presented three rows of two letters in either the left or right field and asked subjects either for a full report of all six letters or simply to recall a particular pair of letters ( partial report condition ) corresponding to a single column of the [show] .

after the offset of the letter display ( post-cued condition ) .
after the offset of the letter [show] ( post-cued condition ) .

These include the spatial or temporal intervals between the elements making up a display ( Kimura , 1969 ; Hines and Satz , 1971 ) , the distance of stimuli from fixation ( Bryden , 1966 ; McKeever and Gill 1972c ; Carmon and Nachson , 1973 ; Curcio , MacKavey and Rosen , 1974 ) , the spatial frequency of the stimulus ( Rao , Rourke and Whitman , 1981 ) , the directional characteristics of words and letters ( Harcum and Filion , 1963 ; Bryden , 1966 ; 1968 ; White , 1969b ) , the number of times a stimulus is presented ( Hardyck , Tzeng and Wang , 1977 ; 1978 ; Schmuller , 1980 ) , exposure duration ( Bryden , 1965 ; Gill and McKeever , 1974 ; Beaumont and Dimond , 1975 ) , stimulus size ( Pring , 1981 ; Pitblado , 1979b ) , typeface ( Bryden and Allard , 1976 ) , complexity ( Fontenot , 1973 ) and discriminability ( Patterson and Bradshaw , 1975 ) .
these include the spatial or temporal intervals between the elements making up a [show] ( kimura , 1969 ; hines and satz , 1971 ) , the distance of stimuli from fixation ( bryden , 1966 ; mckeever and gill 1972c ; carmon and nachson , 1973 ; curcio , mackavey and rosen , 1974 ) , the spatial frequency of the stimulus ( rao , rourke and whitman , 1981 ) , the directional characteristics of words and letters ( harcum and filion , 1963 ; bryden , 1966 ; 1968 ; white , 1969b ) , the number of times a stimulus is presented ( hardyck , tzeng and wang , 1977 ; 1978 ; schmuller , 1980 ) , exposure duration ( bryden , 1965 ; gill and mckeever , 1974 ; beaumont and dimond , 1975 ) , stimulus size ( pring , 1981 ; pitblado , 1979b ) , typeface ( bryden and allard , 1976 ) , complexity ( fontenot , 1973 ) and discriminability ( patterson and bradshaw , 1975 ) .

Such a display of emotions was horrifying .
such a [show] of emotions was horrifying .

This could be useful where a video programme was being shown continuously , as part of a display for instance .
this could be useful where a video programme was being shown continuously , as part of a [show] for instance .

`` She is no damned good for display like that . ``
`` she is no damned good for [show] like that . ``

When you are working with documents which display these difficulties , make a point of clarifying them by rewriting the passage in your own words .
when you are working with documents which [show] these difficulties , make a point of clarifying them by rewriting the passage in your own words .

There can be several reasons why a community tank can have its uses , one being as a mixture of different species for display purposes .
there can be several reasons why a community tank can have its uses , one being as a mixture of different species for [show] purposes .

Lionfish are the most gregarious of the large aquarium fish and respond well when kept in a small group , again providing an impressive display in a tank devoted to them exclusively
lionfish are the most gregarious of the large aquarium fish and respond well when kept in a small group , again providing an impressive [show] in a tank devoted to them exclusively

Oddly , the majority of books available about the cultivation of waterlilies tend to display pictures and descriptions of the rarer and more unusual varieties .
oddly , the majority of books available about the cultivation of waterlilies tend to [show] pictures and descriptions of the rarer and more unusual varieties .

Alien is primarily a mood piece as well as a visual display — there are slow passages in which little happens , building up suspense for the main action scenes , the deaths of six crew members .
alien is primarily a mood piece as well as a visual [show] — there are slow passages in which little happens , building up suspense for the main action scenes , the deaths of six crew members .

It is a display of tremendous dexterity .
it is a [show] of tremendous dexterity .

Rural areas do not display the same concentrations of poor housing and poor social conditions , and as a result very few HAAs or GIAs have been declared in them ( Kirby 1977 , ; Dunn et al .
rural areas do not [show] the same concentrations of poor housing and poor social conditions , and as a result very few haas or gias have been declared in them ( kirby 1977 , ; dunn et al .

But at the same time it is clear that some periods display radical situational change , while others , in between these , are periods of relative situational stability , when day-to-day conjunctural movement assumes a more prominent position in the historical picture ( see Gramsci 1971 : 175–85 ) .
but at the same time it is clear that some periods [show] radical situational change , while others , in between these , are periods of relative situational stability , when day-to-day conjunctural movement assumes a more prominent position in the historical picture ( see gramsci 1971 : 175–85 ) .

The display includes 24 works from the collection of the Tate Gallery , spanning a period of 160 years .
the [show] includes 24 works from the collection of the tate gallery , spanning a period of 160 years .

As such , The Painted Nude is , indeed , a suggestive display , even if the debate which it stimulates seem to be more a result of accident than intention .
as such , the painted nude is , indeed , a suggestive [show] , even if the debate which it stimulates seem to be more a result of accident than intention .

The exhibition is not simply a display of painted nudes ( and there are only four examples of the male nude ) ; rather , as the introductory text tells us : ‘ All were painted with the nude model directly in front of the artist ’ .
the exhibition is not simply a [show] of painted nudes ( and there are only four examples of the male nude ) ; rather , as the introductory text tells us : ‘ all were painted with the nude model directly in front of the artist ’ .

In this attempt to homogenise the audience , the display stakes a grand claim for the images displayed .
in this attempt to homogenise the audience , the [show] stakes a grand claim for the images displayed .

One of the earliest pictures in this display is ‘ Candaules , King of Lydia , Shews his Wife by Stealth to Gyges ’ by William Etty ( exh 1830 ) .
one of the earliest pictures in this [show] is ‘ candaules , king of lydia , shews his wife by stealth to gyges ’ by william etty ( exh 1830 ) .

The objects on display in The Painted Nude are full of quotation and convention .
the objects on [show] in the painted nude are full of quotation and convention .

In the current exhibition , Traces of the Figure , ( City Museum & Art Gallery , Stoke-on-Trent ) contemporary works — sculptures , videos and photo-works by are on display .
in the current exhibition , traces of the figure , ( city museum & art gallery , stoke-on-trent ) contemporary works — sculptures , videos and photo-works by are on [show] .

It is unfortunate that the male-domination of the profession of sculptor to which Glaves-Smith refers in his introductory essay remains intact , with no work by a woman on display .
it is unfortunate that the male-domination of the profession of sculptor to which glaves-smith refers in his introductory essay remains intact , with no work by a woman on [show] .

Burman 's photographs reclaim the image of the Asian woman , moving the image away from the object of the defining gaze , towards a position where the Asian woman/artist becomes the subject of display .
burman 's photographs reclaim the image of the asian woman , moving the image away from the object of the defining gaze , towards a position where the asian woman/artist becomes the subject of [show] .

With her large photographs of articulated manikins contorted to display their manikin — genitalia and plastic joke-shop breasts , Cindy Sherman attempts to make her male audience uncomfortably aware of the de-humanising nature of the western male 's fragmented erotic view of the female body .
with her large photographs of articulated manikins contorted to [show] their manikin — genitalia and plastic joke-shop breasts , cindy sherman attempts to make her male audience uncomfortably aware of the de-humanising nature of the western male 's fragmented erotic view of the female body .

’ Haverford asked on the children 's behalf , but they had already found it , scampering away through the display of giant dolls , plastic picnic tables , local cheese and wine , and returned resentful at having been glowered at by the resident guardian because they had n't understood the purpose of her saucer of lire .
’ haverford asked on the children 's behalf , but they had already found it , scampering away through the [show] of giant dolls , plastic picnic tables , local cheese and wine , and returned resentful at having been glowered at by the resident guardian because they had n't understood the purpose of her saucer of lire .

Doubtless it was for such reasons that the crown made for Queen Alexandra to display the Koh-i-Noor and the third and fourth Stars of Africa had a platinum rather than a gold frame .
doubtless it was for such reasons that the crown made for queen alexandra to [show] the koh-i-noor and the third and fourth stars of africa had a platinum rather than a gold frame .

What is common to all is that as symbols of excellence precious substances embody and display values and it is by entertaining and expressing values that men declare their identity as human beings rather than as mere primates .
what is common to all is that as symbols of excellence precious substances embody and [show] values and it is by entertaining and expressing values that men declare their identity as human beings rather than as mere primates .

Yet the transmission of precious substances in the form of jewellery or other objects of display has at all times and most notably during the last five millennia served the same purpose the world over , that of signalling and enhancing status .
yet the transmission of precious substances in the form of jewellery or other objects of [show] has at all times and most notably during the last five millennia served the same purpose the world over , that of signalling and enhancing status .

The dominant families did not display any strong national feelings , Croat or Hungarian .
the dominant families did not [show] any strong national feelings , croat or hungarian .

Marija na Škriljna , near Beram , painted in 1471 , display a naive vitality and a medieval peasant 's sense of the harsh realities of life which are in contrast to the more cultivated products of the Italian Renaissance painters .
marija na škriljna , near beram , painted in 1471 , [show] a naive vitality and a medieval peasant 's sense of the harsh realities of life which are in contrast to the more cultivated products of the italian renaissance painters .

Several Serbian leaders who had remained loyal to their Turkish masters were savagely butchered , including Glavaš , whose head was on display in the Kalemegdan fortress when Miloš went to a conference of the knezovi called by Süleiman Pasha .
several serbian leaders who had remained loyal to their turkish masters were savagely butchered , including glavaš , whose head was on [show] in the kalemegdan fortress when miloš went to a conference of the knezovi called by süleiman pasha .

Davis watched this display in terror and wondered why his men had stopped shooting .
davis watched this [show] in terror and wondered why his men had stopped shooting .

‘ We 've certainly put a stop to this disgusting display , ’ Mortimer said .
‘ we 've certainly put a stop to this disgusting [show] , ’ mortimer said .

The constant impact against the field 's rim , of everything from showers of meteors down to stray molecules of gas , resulted in a cosmic fireworks display of spectacular proportions : a long tail of deteriorating matter stretched out along the path which the ship had taken .
the constant impact against the field 's rim , of everything from showers of meteors down to stray molecules of gas , resulted in a cosmic fireworks [show] of spectacular proportions : a long tail of deteriorating matter stretched out along the path which the ship had taken .

The Manchu obligingly keyed a console display and Rostov grunted acknowledgement .
the manchu obligingly keyed a console [show] and rostov grunted acknowledgement .

as if in confirmation of that fact , the pressure of the foam encasing his head eased slightly and a display readout began to project data onto a hitherto invisible screen in front of his eyes .
as if in confirmation of that fact , the pressure of the foam encasing his head eased slightly and a [show] readout began to project data onto a hitherto invisible screen in front of his eyes .

The pod began to shudder and Rostov quickly checked the visual display .
the pod began to shudder and rostov quickly checked the visual [show] .

He bit down on it , and the display began to supply proximity and ground contour information .
he bit down on it , and the [show] began to supply proximity and ground contour information .

This time the display flashed a red warning signal : Danger — Pod Hatch Release — Do Not Operate Until Pod Has Grounded Rostov grinned relief .
this time the [show] flashed a red warning signal : danger — pod hatch release — do not operate until pod has grounded rostov grinned relief .

Rostov checked the visual display again .
rostov checked the visual [show] again .

It was a charming display of good manners by a suave middle-aged man to an attractive woman .
it was a charming [show] of good manners by a suave middle-aged man to an attractive woman .

Lepkin 's gift to her was on display in the German 's Munich mansion .
lepkin 's gift to her was on [show] in the german 's munich mansion .

He thought the goods on display were crude and tasteless ; but sometimes it was possible to find a little gem amongst the mass-produced dross .
he thought the goods on [show] were crude and tasteless ; but sometimes it was possible to find a little gem amongst the mass-produced dross .

At the far end , specially lit , Adolph Brückner 's collection of Russian works of art sparkled in a glass display case .
at the far end , specially lit , adolph brückner 's collection of russian works of art sparkled in a glass [show] case .

‘ What you need is a permanent display somewhere in London ; perhaps John 's photograph and the number of days he 's been held .
‘ what you need is a permanent [show] somewhere in london ; perhaps john 's photograph and the number of days he 's been held .

Within weeks of forming the campaign we had a chance to advertise on a television show with a huge audience ; Mandy even got Wogan to agree to display the campaign 's recently acquired address and telephone number .
within weeks of forming the campaign we had a chance to advertise on a television show with a huge audience ; mandy even got wogan to agree to [show] the campaign 's recently acquired address and telephone number .

On 17 February the campaign was launched with a press conference and a display of posters , T-shirts and other merchandise .
on 17 february the campaign was launched with a press conference and a [show] of posters , t-shirts and other merchandise .

We must underpin the knowledge and confidence of customers by training , improved classification , display and merchandising aids , and recognise who really drives the purchasing decision .
we must underpin the knowledge and confidence of customers by training , improved classification , [show] and merchandising aids , and recognise who really drives the purchasing decision .

Philippa Gregory Fallen Skies 26th July , £14.99 P.o.s. : Display bins and posters Author tour : south of England and appearances at the Edinburgh and Dartington Festivals Media coverage : national media interviews including radio and television
philippa gregory fallen skies 26th july , £14.99 p.o.s. : [show] bins and posters author tour : south of england and appearances at the edinburgh and dartington festivals media coverage : national media interviews including radio and television

Top 25 Omnibus Press music books , 19th — 30th July P.o.s. : three different banner posters featuring six musical artists ; matching Omnibus Press bookmarks free to bookshop customers Competition : bookshop window display competition , and extra discount on orders exceeding 50 books
top 25 omnibus press music books , 19th — 30th july p.o.s. : three different banner posters featuring six musical artists ; matching omnibus press bookmarks free to bookshop customers competition : bookshop window [show] competition , and extra discount on orders exceeding 50 books

If the engagement period is to be protracted because the couple are young or studying , there may be a big party not unlike a small-scale version of the wedding at which the future bride has a chance to display her ring to well-wishers and acquire presents for the new home , for which the guests must be thanked .
if the engagement period is to be protracted because the couple are young or studying , there may be a big party not unlike a small-scale version of the wedding at which the future bride has a chance to [show] her ring to well-wishers and acquire presents for the new home , for which the guests must be thanked .

An exhibition of Children 's Books of the Year 1993 will be on display in the foyer of the Grand Hotel , Torquay , during the Booksellers Association Conference , from 26th to 28th April .
an exhibition of children 's books of the year 1993 will be on [show] in the foyer of the grand hotel , torquay , during the booksellers association conference , from 26th to 28th april .

The plans of the Grand Hall were on display throughout the fair , and they were warmly received ; Olympia 2 , though an improvement on the Barbican , has never been very popular with exhibitors or visitors .
the plans of the grand hall were on [show] throughout the fair , and they were warmly received ; olympia 2 , though an improvement on the barbican , has never been very popular with exhibitors or visitors .

Richard Laymon Alarums 3rd June , £15.99 hb , £8.99 pb P.o.s. : customised display boards , dumpbin available , poster , airport window displays Advertising : nationwide radio
richard laymon alarums 3rd june , £15.99 hb , £8.99 pb p.o.s. : customised [show] boards , dumpbin available , poster , airport window displays advertising : nationwide radio

It might not be the most complicated game to hit your screen but it 's still a lot better than watching the percentage display crawl up to 100 per cent .
it might not be the most complicated game to hit your screen but it 's still a lot better than watching the percentage [show] crawl up to 100 per cent .

All display advertisements are covered , but only boxed trader classified advertisements are included .
all [show] advertisements are covered , but only boxed trader classified advertisements are included .

Unless it 's a special offer , companies are n't obliged to stick to the prices they display in their ads .
unless it 's a special offer , companies are n't obliged to stick to the prices they [show] in their ads .

Over the years he has played league cricket and county cricket for Sussex and Glamorgan with resounding success , and on his last trip to England thrilled the crowd with a magnificent display of strokemaking at the Oval , scoring 260 as Pakistan ran up the imposing total of 708 .
over the years he has played league cricket and county cricket for sussex and glamorgan with resounding success , and on his last trip to england thrilled the crowd with a magnificent [show] of strokemaking at the oval , scoring 260 as pakistan ran up the imposing total of 708 .

South Africa simply stuck to the task , and Richard Snell , Somerset 's new overseas man , reaped due reward for a lively display of outswing with 4 for 83 .
south africa simply stuck to the task , and richard snell , somerset 's new overseas man , reaped due reward for a lively [show] of outswing with 4 for 83 .

Because on this occasion the fame seemed such a foregone conclusion , there was less talk than usual about its progress , which was a disappointment to those on our side who desperately wanted to be able to display modesty about their achievements .
because on this occasion the fame seemed such a foregone conclusion , there was less talk than usual about its progress , which was a disappointment to those on our side who desperately wanted to be able to [show] modesty about their achievements .

One of the best of these is at Baggli 's Swiss Chalet at Marktgasse 14 ( 01/252 15 30 ) where you can eat Swiss cheese fondue and see an authentic Swiss folklore display , with dancing singing , alpine horn-blowing , zither music and yodelling .
one of the best of these is at baggli 's swiss chalet at marktgasse 14 ( 01/252 15 30 ) where you can eat swiss cheese fondue and see an authentic swiss folklore [show] , with dancing singing , alpine horn-blowing , zither music and yodelling .

Lastly , the social services office would display general practice leaflets and other literature .
lastly , the social services office would [show] general practice leaflets and other literature .

The propagandist view of literature , literature as illustration , tendentiousness , are denounced on the grounds that the desire to illustrate one particular ideological viewpoint at the expense of all else , has disastrous consequences at the artistic level since such an approach is at odds with any attempt to display the inherent contradictions and complexities within a given historical situation ; indeed , the case is quite the reverse : it actually masks such contradictions .
the propagandist view of literature , literature as illustration , tendentiousness , are denounced on the grounds that the desire to illustrate one particular ideological viewpoint at the expense of all else , has disastrous consequences at the artistic level since such an approach is at odds with any attempt to [show] the inherent contradictions and complexities within a given historical situation ; indeed , the case is quite the reverse : it actually masks such contradictions .

To meet these needs , most excavations were concentrated on burial mounds , as these offered the best chance of recovering complete objects worthy of display ; in the early and mid 19th century , the recovery of objects was the primary reason for excavation .
to meet these needs , most excavations were concentrated on burial mounds , as these offered the best chance of recovering complete objects worthy of [show] ; in the early and mid 19th century , the recovery of objects was the primary reason for excavation .

Excavations such as those of the German excavator Heinrich Schliemann ( 1822–90 ) at Troy and Mycenae , of the British archaeologist Arthur Evans ( 1851–1951 ) at Knossos , and of many others at this time began to prove that much more than objects for display in a museum could be recovered from these sites .
excavations such as those of the german excavator heinrich schliemann ( 1822–90 ) at troy and mycenae , of the british archaeologist arthur evans ( 1851–1951 ) at knossos , and of many others at this time began to prove that much more than objects for [show] in a museum could be recovered from these sites .

Those that do may only display the differences for a matter of weeks or even days before the whole crop ripens , so there is an element of luck in flying over the right place at the right time .
those that do may only [show] the differences for a matter of weeks or even days before the whole crop ripens , so there is an element of luck in flying over the right place at the right time .

In most cases , there are insufficient surviving remains to make it worthwhile conserving the site for public display : if it has been fully excavated , all that may remain to be seen are , literally , a few depressions in the natural subsoil , even if what was excavated above was quite spectacular .
in most cases , there are insufficient surviving remains to make it worthwhile conserving the site for public [show] : if it has been fully excavated , all that may remain to be seen are , literally , a few depressions in the natural subsoil , even if what was excavated above was quite spectacular .

The choice as to whether the remains of a site are preserved for public display depends both on there being suitable remains , but also on a suitable site and finance .
the choice as to whether the remains of a site are preserved for public [show] depends both on there being suitable remains , but also on a suitable site and finance .

If the site is not in danger of being destroyed , it may be possible to raise funds to conserve the site for display , and the way the site is presented depends largely on the nature of the remains : the ruins of an Islamic mosque for example , may need the walls to be strengthened and made safe , and suitable access provided in order to view the remains .
if the site is not in danger of being destroyed , it may be possible to raise funds to conserve the site for [show] , and the way the site is presented depends largely on the nature of the remains : the ruins of an islamic mosque for example , may need the walls to be strengthened and made safe , and suitable access provided in order to view the remains .

On the rare occasions when a site due to be destroyed is found to be very important , construction plans may be changed to accommodate the display of the site , or the remains might be moved to somewhere where they can preserved , displayed , and enjoyed by the public .
on the rare occasions when a site due to be destroyed is found to be very important , construction plans may be changed to accommodate the [show] of the site , or the remains might be moved to somewhere where they can preserved , displayed , and enjoyed by the public .

Many sites where archaeological remains are on public display have never been fully excavated , and any further excavations on these sites are usually undertaken to add to the information on display .
many sites where archaeological remains are on public [show] have never been fully excavated , and any further excavations on these sites are usually undertaken to add to the information on [show] .

Since museums can display very few of the objects that they hold , most of the finds held by museums are in permanent storage .
since museums can [show] very few of the objects that they hold , most of the finds held by museums are in permanent storage .

While some of these are not suitable for display , many others are not seen because a better example is already on display .
while some of these are not suitable for [show] , many others are not seen because a better example is already on [show] .

At some exceptional sites it has been necessary to reconstruct part of the site and the finds for display in order that they should be fully understood by visitors .
at some exceptional sites it has been necessary to reconstruct part of the site and the finds for [show] in order that they should be fully understood by visitors .

The most dramatic example of this is the Jorvik Centre in York , which has a lifelike reconstruction of part of York in the Viking age ( complete with sounds and smells ) , a reconstruction of the excavation itself , and a display of finds .
the most dramatic example of this is the jorvik centre in york , which has a lifelike reconstruction of part of york in the viking age ( complete with sounds and smells ) , a reconstruction of the excavation itself , and a [show] of finds .

Artefacts are frequently reconstructed before they are put on display , which may involve little more than repair work , such as sticking pieces of pot together and filling any remaining gaps .
artefacts are frequently reconstructed before they are put on [show] , which may involve little more than repair work , such as sticking pieces of pot together and filling any remaining gaps .

In other cases , however , a complete reconstruction of an object is put on display alongside the remains of the original , which may be corroded or damaged .
in other cases , however , a complete reconstruction of an object is put on [show] alongside the remains of the original , which may be corroded or damaged .

For drawings for display , however , this distinction is usually omitted since the purpose of the drawing is to give an overall impression of the original object .
for drawings for [show] , however , this distinction is usually omitted since the purpose of the drawing is to give an overall impression of the original object .

Apart from their use for research , such reconstruction drawings and paintings are used for display purposes for site j visitors , and are often published as illustrations in books and magazines .
apart from their use for research , such reconstruction drawings and paintings are used for [show] purposes for site j visitors , and are often published as illustrations in books and magazines .

Many of his books display high artistic standards , not only on the dustcover but also in the attention paid to the typography , boards and spine .
many of his books [show] high artistic standards , not only on the dustcover but also in the attention paid to the typography , boards and spine .

Its awe-inspiring interior space was to an extent destroyed by the exhibition display demonstrating how the urge to discover and explore had been expressed throughout the ages .
its awe-inspiring interior space was to an extent destroyed by the exhibition [show] demonstrating how the urge to discover and explore had been expressed throughout the ages .

Its huge scale apes the French notion of the grande machine , the kind of large figure composition , intended for public display , in which various elements are synthesised into one great composition .
its huge scale apes the french notion of the grande machine , the kind of large figure composition , intended for public [show] , in which various elements are synthesised into one great composition .

Plan a wall display or arrange an outing together . )
plan a wall [show] or arrange an outing together . )

The ‘ social housing ’ ( this term is used for all public and quasi-public rented housing , including the stock of local authorities , housing associations and development corporations ) areas of Cramlington display clear signs of ‘ outer-estate ’ status .
the ‘ social housing ’ ( this term is used for all public and quasi-public rented housing , including the stock of local authorities , housing associations and development corporations ) areas of cramlington [show] clear signs of ‘ outer-estate ’ status .

What is clear to anyone reading the report is that the Benson Commission accepted that the practice of law was a professional activity and that professions display a number of common characteristics :
what is clear to anyone reading the report is that the benson commission accepted that the practice of law was a professional activity and that professions [show] a number of common characteristics :

At the parliament which met in November 1279 Pecham was forced to withdraw not only the order to display and expound Magna Carta but also the excommunication against royal officers who ignored writs of caption or seized or wasted temporalities and against any of the suitors of illegitimate prohibitions .
at the parliament which met in november 1279 pecham was forced to withdraw not only the order to [show] and expound magna carta but also the excommunication against royal officers who ignored writs of caption or seized or wasted temporalities and against any of the suitors of illegitimate prohibitions .

Nor are they indulging in some form of display .
nor are they indulging in some form of [show] .

Britta stood apart , staring unseeingly at a three-dimensional display of the space station .
britta stood apart , staring unseeingly at a three-dimensional [show] of the space station .

It 's just a job , she told herself , jabbing at the display controls .
it 's just a job , she told herself , jabbing at the [show] controls .

Nonetheless , Ace hoped that Daak 's flamboyant display of aerobatics had dislodged whatever creature had been on the hull .
nonetheless , ace hoped that daak 's flamboyant [show] of aerobatics had dislodged whatever creature had been on the hull .

Why did she think to try looking underneath one of the metallic blocks ? Why did she choose this particular block ? Ace was worrying about these questions even as the suit 's claws were closing round the distorted cube , and lifting it to reveal indicator lights , a display screen , a keypad : a control panel .
why did she think to try looking underneath one of the metallic blocks ? why did she choose this particular block ? ace was worrying about these questions even as the suit 's claws were closing round the distorted cube , and lifting it to reveal indicator lights , a [show] screen , a keypad : a control panel .

Francis lifted his head above the edge of the display and found himself staring at a confusing picture of pipes and girders .
francis lifted his head above the edge of the [show] and found himself staring at a confusing picture of pipes and girders .

We listened for contact calls , threat calls , alarm calls , begging calls , display calls , soliciting calls .
we listened for contact calls , threat calls , alarm calls , begging calls , [show] calls , soliciting calls .

‘ Lekking ’ ruffs meet to display on arenas .
‘ lekking ’ ruffs meet to [show] on arenas .

The female entices the male on to her territory with a wing-whirring display flight to advertise her presence .
the female entices the male on to her territory with a wing-whirring [show] flight to advertise her presence .

Without doubt , everyone agreed , this extraordinary display proved it to be a tree pipit .
without doubt , everyone agreed , this extraordinary [show] proved it to be a tree pipit .

We were watching a tree pipit in display flight when a sudden downpour took us by surprise and sent us scurrying , as fast as the bossy ground would allow , to the nearest hide .
we were watching a tree pipit in [show] flight when a sudden downpour took us by surprise and sent us scurrying , as fast as the bossy ground would allow , to the nearest hide .

These strange elusive birds indulge in extravagant display flights during the breeding season .
these strange elusive birds indulge in extravagant [show] flights during the breeding season .

We shall probably never again be able to witness in the Break the spectacular ‘ balloon ’ display of the great bustard .
we shall probably never again be able to witness in the break the spectacular ‘ balloon ’ [show] of the great bustard .

Three kestrels diverted with an acrobatic aerial display .
three kestrels diverted with an acrobatic aerial [show] .

to encourage the retail trade to stock and display the product .
to encourage the retail trade to stock and [show] the product .

And there are those who feel that illustrators are the system on which to hinge the display .
and there are those who feel that illustrators are the system on which to hinge the [show] .

When whaling was stopped in the Azores he created a museum to display the thousand of pieces he had collected since a boy .
when whaling was stopped in the azores he created a museum to [show] the thousand of pieces he had collected since a boy .

The instruments appear easy to use , working on the one-function-per-button principle , with each function clearly marked on the display .
the instruments appear easy to use , working on the one-function-per-button principle , with each function clearly marked on the [show] .

The chart area is simple , but there is plenty of room for electronics on the upper display panel
the chart area is simple , but there is plenty of room for electronics on the upper [show] panel

After the banquet , other French experts had Created a son et Lumiere spectacle and a fireworks display .
after the banquet , other french experts had created a son et lumiere spectacle and a fireworks [show] .

She had the state collect painting , carpets , silver , jewellery and ceramics , and display them in museums created especially by her .
she had the state collect painting , carpets , silver , jewellery and ceramics , and [show] them in museums created especially by her .

Morocco had recognized the new Bazargan government and Hassan had no interest in continuing to display hospitality to his fallen brother .
morocco had recognized the new bazargan government and hassan had no interest in continuing to [show] hospitality to his fallen brother .

The fact that the sample was on display at all , bore silent testimony to the success of the most expensive and profound voyage ever to be undertaken by man .
the fact that the sample was on [show] at all , bore silent testimony to the success of the most expensive and profound voyage ever to be undertaken by man .

The town 's Museum and Art Gallery decided to invite the people of Walsall to display their own collections and were overwhelmed by the response .
the town 's museum and art gallery decided to invite the people of walsall to [show] their own collections and were overwhelmed by the response .

( 2 ) In the case of an application for the grant of a new licence , the applicant shall , along with his application , lodge with the clerk of the board a plan of the premises in respect of which the application is made ; and ( ii ) arrange for the display at the premises , in a place and at a height where it can conveniently be read by the public , of a notice in the prescribed form intimating his application and the type of licence for which he applies , for a period of at least 21 days before the first day of the meeting as aforesaid .
( 2 ) in the case of an application for the grant of a new licence , the applicant shall , along with his application , lodge with the clerk of the board a plan of the premises in respect of which the application is made ; and ( ii ) arrange for the [show] at the premises , in a place and at a height where it can conveniently be read by the public , of a notice in the prescribed form intimating his application and the type of licence for which he applies , for a period of at least 21 days before the first day of the meeting as aforesaid .

( 3 ) In the case of an application for the provisional grant of a new licence , the applicant shall , along with his application , lodge with the clerk of the board a plan of the premises in respect of which the application is made ; and arrange for the display at the site of the premises of a notice all as mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) ( ii ) above .
( 3 ) in the case of an application for the provisional grant of a new licence , the applicant shall , along with his application , lodge with the clerk of the board a plan of the premises in respect of which the application is made ; and arrange for the [show] at the site of the premises of a notice all as mentioned in subsection ( 2 ) ( ii ) above .

An applicant for such a grant requires to lodge with his application a plan of the premises to which the application relates and to display a notice intimating his application at the proposed premises ( subss .
an applicant for such a grant requires to lodge with his application a plan of the premises to which the application relates and to [show] a notice intimating his application at the proposed premises ( subss .

For discussion of adequate display of notice , see Tevan v. Motherwell District Licensing Board ( No .
for discussion of adequate [show] of notice , see tevan v. motherwell district licensing board ( no .

( 1 ) Without prejudice to its other powers under this Act , a licensing board may make byelaws for any of the following purposes ( a ) for closing licensed premises wholly or partially on New Year 's Day , and on such other days not being more than four in any one year as the board may think expedient for special reasons ; ( b ) for prohibiting holders of licences from residing in their licensed premises , or for requiring the dwellinghouses of holders of licences to be separate from their licensed premises ; ( c ) for requiring all wines , made-wines and spirits sold by the holder of an off-sale licence to be sold in corked , stoppered or sealed vessels , cans , jars or casks ; ( d ) for requiring every holder of a hotel or public house licence to keep in his licensed premises and to renew from day to day a sufficient supply of drinking water , and such eatables as may be specified in the byelaw , and to display , offer and supply the same as may be required by the byelaw ; ( e ) for printing a list of all applications coming before any meeting of the licensing board , with such other information as may be considered necessary by the board ; ( f ) for the setting out of conditions which may be attached to licences for the improvement of standards of , and conduct in , licensed premises ; ( g ) for the granting of a licence of a type other than that applied for ; Provided that a byelaw made under paragraph ( c ) above shall not apply to licensed premises where no groceries are kept or sold and where a bona fide wholesale business in alcoholic liquor is carried on .
( 1 ) without prejudice to its other powers under this act , a licensing board may make byelaws for any of the following purposes ( a ) for closing licensed premises wholly or partially on new year 's day , and on such other days not being more than four in any one year as the board may think expedient for special reasons ; ( b ) for prohibiting holders of licences from residing in their licensed premises , or for requiring the dwellinghouses of holders of licences to be separate from their licensed premises ; ( c ) for requiring all wines , made-wines and spirits sold by the holder of an off-sale licence to be sold in corked , stoppered or sealed vessels , cans , jars or casks ; ( d ) for requiring every holder of a hotel or public house licence to keep in his licensed premises and to renew from day to day a sufficient supply of drinking water , and such eatables as may be specified in the byelaw , and to [show] , offer and supply the same as may be required by the byelaw ; ( e ) for printing a list of all applications coming before any meeting of the licensing board , with such other information as may be considered necessary by the board ; ( f ) for the setting out of conditions which may be attached to licences for the improvement of standards of , and conduct in , licensed premises ; ( g ) for the granting of a licence of a type other than that applied for ; provided that a byelaw made under paragraph ( c ) above shall not apply to licensed premises where no groceries are kept or sold and where a bona fide wholesale business in alcoholic liquor is carried on .

Always `` Squawk Standby `` when changing codes to avoid accidental display of emergency codes etc .
always `` squawk standby `` when changing codes to avoid accidental [show] of emergency codes etc .

We learned Fascist songs , and at the end of each term we would hold a gymnastic display for the Fascist authorities and our parents .
we learned fascist songs , and at the end of each term we would hold a gymnastic [show] for the fascist authorities and our parents .

Because of this , it went on , the city was bound to him for life and death and was now ready to spring to his assistance with a great display of strength .
because of this , it went on , the city was bound to him for life and death and was now ready to spring to his assistance with a great [show] of strength .

Brenda , her eyes suddenly alighting on a round milk stain on the table cloth , herself thought that breakfast was n't perhaps the most suitable time for a display of her recently acquired information about the investigation of rape .
brenda , her eyes suddenly alighting on a round milk stain on the table cloth , herself thought that breakfast was n't perhaps the most suitable time for a [show] of her recently acquired information about the investigation of rape .

In 1830 , 70 English boroughs had 100 or less voters ; Old Sarum and Dunwich were uninhabited constituencies ; and in 1793 it was estimated that 400 Members of Parliament out of a total of around 530 were nominated or dependent on noblemen in such a way that they were likely to lack the chance to display any real independence of mind in their parliamentary behaviour .
in 1830 , 70 english boroughs had 100 or less voters ; old sarum and dunwich were uninhabited constituencies ; and in 1793 it was estimated that 400 members of parliament out of a total of around 530 were nominated or dependent on noblemen in such a way that they were likely to lack the chance to [show] any real independence of mind in their parliamentary behaviour .

When we are dealing with the literature on voting behaviour , we are dealing with a literature that has come to display turbulence in the face of electoral behaviour that has become increasingly volatile and unpredictable .
when we are dealing with the literature on voting behaviour , we are dealing with a literature that has come to [show] turbulence in the face of electoral behaviour that has become increasingly volatile and unpredictable .

3 As political science developed in the fifties , leading British political scientists came to display a keen sensitivity to intellectual developments in America at the same time as American political scientists were eager to come over to study British politics .
3 as political science developed in the fifties , leading british political scientists came to [show] a keen sensitivity to intellectual developments in america at the same time as american political scientists were eager to come over to study british politics .

Firstly , western culture places a high value on material acquisition and its display , because this reflects hard work and thrift .
firstly , western culture places a high value on material acquisition and its [show] , because this reflects hard work and thrift .

Similarly , conspicuous consumption or display is now regarded as an acceptable form of behaviour .
similarly , conspicuous consumption or [show] is now regarded as an acceptable form of behaviour .

It was then better to display -personal wealth by endowing a church or school , or funding some charitable enterprise .
it was then better to [show] -personal wealth by endowing a church or school , or funding some charitable enterprise .

Liotta is superb in the central role though Pesci as the mercurial and psychopathic DeVito easily steals the picture , switching moods on a knife-edge in a calculating yet effortless display of control .
liotta is superb in the central role though pesci as the mercurial and psychopathic devito easily steals the picture , switching moods on a knife-edge in a calculating yet effortless [show] of control .

Sometimes in darkness you can find light and Deran Dwyer prove the point , concentrating densely on moody atmospherics but at the same time bristling with a blazing guitar which illuminates like a firework display .
sometimes in darkness you can find light and deran dwyer prove the point , concentrating densely on moody atmospherics but at the same time bristling with a blazing guitar which illuminates like a firework [show] .

Northside have taken a trip from the street to the stage without appearing to stop off at the rehearsal room , and display no remorse at waltzing straight into the charts .
northside have taken a trip from the street to the stage without appearing to stop off at the rehearsal room , and [show] no remorse at waltzing straight into the charts .

What they do present , like those of Gombert or Clemens non Papa , is a superb display of Netherland polyphony of the post-Josquin period from the freest to the strictest , though sometimes more declamatory and expressive , more ‘ madrigalian ’ , than theirs .
what they do present , like those of gombert or clemens non papa , is a superb [show] of netherland polyphony of the post-josquin period from the freest to the strictest , though sometimes more declamatory and expressive , more ‘ madrigalian ’ , than theirs .

But never in these and only exceptionally in his ‘ full anthems ’ ( English motets ) does he display the expressive power of his Latin motets .
but never in these and only exceptionally in his ‘ full anthems ’ ( english motets ) does he [show] the expressive power of his latin motets .

This data is incorporated in publicizing of the unit and its work ; in articles , meetings with other professional groups and in a display on the wall of the head 's office-cum staffroom where it is often referred to in the course of interviews with parents and pupils .
this data is incorporated in publicizing of the unit and its work ; in articles , meetings with other professional groups and in a [show] on the wall of the head 's office-cum staffroom where it is often referred to in the course of interviews with parents and pupils .

This desire is also reflected in the encouragement given to pupils to undertake group projects , perhaps in making a display , organizing fund-raising events or planning for an excursion or residential experience .
this desire is also reflected in the encouragement given to pupils to undertake group projects , perhaps in making a [show] , organizing fund-raising events or planning for an excursion or residential experience .

She is capable of a public display of aggression …
she is capable of a public [show] of aggression …

Generally silent , except in display .
generally silent , except in [show] .

’ Although by now she had had twenty years in which to accustom herself to Bernard 's outbursts in private , and , in a curious way this display of his male aggression was also a powerful magnetic force for her , she was nonetheless acutely embarrassed by any public display of his temper .
’ although by now she had had twenty years in which to accustom herself to bernard 's outbursts in private , and , in a curious way this [show] of his male aggression was also a powerful magnetic force for her , she was nonetheless acutely embarrassed by any public [show] of his temper .

By turning the show into a theatrical display , Laura felt comfortable ; it was so far removed from reality that it could be viewed as a staged drama with no intention of portraying a ‘ Laura Ashley ’ customer in real life .
by turning the show into a theatrical [show] , laura felt comfortable ; it was so far removed from reality that it could be viewed as a staged drama with no intention of portraying a ‘ laura ashley ’ customer in real life .

Five of the print dresses and a cloak were put into general production and the rest , acting as powerful crowd pullers , went on display at various ‘ Laura Ashley ’ shops .
five of the print dresses and a cloak were put into general production and the rest , acting as powerful crowd pullers , went on [show] at various ‘ laura ashley ’ shops .

This led to a debate within the company as to whether the role of ‘ Laura Ashley ’ was to demonstrate the sort of rooms ‘ Mr and Mrs Average ’ might own , decorated only to those standards to which they could aspire , or should it display exotically luxurious settings , thus attaining an often impossibly high level in taste and quality .
this led to a debate within the company as to whether the role of ‘ laura ashley ’ was to demonstrate the sort of rooms ‘ mr and mrs average ’ might own , decorated only to those standards to which they could aspire , or should it [show] exotically luxurious settings , thus attaining an often impossibly high level in taste and quality .

At least Kathleen 's cooking meant she could manage a passable display of unconcerned eating , time to gather her wits a little …
at least kathleen 's cooking meant she could manage a passable [show] of unconcerned eating , time to gather her wits a little …

She was in no mood to display starry-eyed fascination , however much she might feel it .
she was in no mood to [show] starry-eyed fascination , however much she might feel it .

What looked like ancient coach-lamps were springing to life all over the high stone walls , like a son et lumière display in some centuries-old castle .
what looked like ancient coach-lamps were springing to life all over the high stone walls , like a son et lumière [show] in some centuries-old castle .

Display lighting was out , as Edward Heath began his schoolmasterish campaign of mass deprivation , keeping the whole country in until the miners owned up that they were in the wrong .
[show] lighting was out , as edward heath began his schoolmasterish campaign of mass deprivation , keeping the whole country in until the miners owned up that they were in the wrong .

Figure 6.10 The aggressive ‘ upright ’ display of gulls is illustrated here by a blackheaded gull . ( After Tinbergen )
figure 6.10 the aggressive ‘ upright ’ [show] of gulls is illustrated here by a blackheaded gull . ( after tinbergen )

The first stage of the stickleback courtship is the male ‘ zigzag ’ display .
the first stage of the stickleback courtship is the male ‘ zigzag ’ [show] .

The female , if receptive , responds to this by a ‘ head up ’ display .
the female , if receptive , responds to this by a ‘ head up ’ [show] .

Tinbergen suggested that the zigzag display results from the conflict felt by the male between attacking the female and fleeing from her .
tinbergen suggested that the zigzag [show] results from the conflict felt by the male between attacking the female and fleeing from her .

Whatever its origins , the zigzag display is necessary if the female is to be attracted to the nest .
whatever its origins , the zigzag [show] is necessary if the female is to be attracted to the nest .

Experiments have shown that males which perform the zigzag display at a higher rate ( more swims back and forth per minute ) are more likely to be successful at courtship : a female is more likely to mate with a male whose zigzagging is more energetic .
experiments have shown that males which perform the zigzag [show] at a higher rate ( more swims back and forth per minute ) are more likely to be successful at courtship : a female is more likely to mate with a male whose zigzagging is more energetic .

Males continue to court in the way they do because if a male were to stop producing part of the species ' typical display , females would not mate with him .
males continue to court in the way they do because if a male were to stop producing part of the species ' typical [show] , females would not mate with him .

Courtship in the three-spined stickleback begins with a ‘ zigzag ’ display by the male ; if the female responds by showing a silvery egg-filled belly , the male leads her to his nest , and shows her the entrance .
courtship in the three-spined stickleback begins with a ‘ zigzag ’ [show] by the male ; if the female responds by showing a silvery egg-filled belly , the male leads her to his nest , and shows her the entrance .

The males are larger than the females and have modified tail feathers ( left ) and enlarged white oesophageal sacs which they puff up during the ‘ strut ’ display ( right ) .
the males are larger than the females and have modified tail feathers ( left ) and enlarged white oesophageal sacs which they puff up during the ‘ strut ’ [show] ( right ) .

Female choice probably has selected for many of the properties of courtship , such as the ‘ zigzag ’ display and red belly of male sticklebacks .
female choice probably has selected for many of the properties of courtship , such as the ‘ zigzag ’ [show] and red belly of male sticklebacks .

He ignored both the display cases and the safe which was concealed behind a framed eighteenth-century engraving of the City of London .
he ignored both the [show] cases and the safe which was concealed behind a framed eighteenth-century engraving of the city of london .

The one exception was the display cabinet mounted on the wall : it held two rows of Staffordshire figures ; their garish colours contrasted vividly with the muted pastels in the rest of the room .
the one exception was the [show] cabinet mounted on the wall : it held two rows of staffordshire figures ; their garish colours contrasted vividly with the muted pastels in the rest of the room .

He moved across to the display cabinet and picked up Dick Turpin .
he moved across to the [show] cabinet and picked up dick turpin .

Discussing the prose poem — a form of literature which , as used by Jacob , provides one of the closest literary parallels to Cubist painting in that it embodies simultaneously actions or events normally separated by time and space , which are fused into formal , difficult but rational and understandable creations — Jacob warns the poet and artist against ‘ the too dazzling precious stones which attract the eye at the expense of the whole ’ , and adds ‘ The poem is a constructed object and not the display window of a jeweller 's shop .
discussing the prose poem — a form of literature which , as used by jacob , provides one of the closest literary parallels to cubist painting in that it embodies simultaneously actions or events normally separated by time and space , which are fused into formal , difficult but rational and understandable creations — jacob warns the poet and artist against ‘ the too dazzling precious stones which attract the eye at the expense of the whole ’ , and adds ‘ the poem is a constructed object and not the [show] window of a jeweller 's shop .

Highly cohesive groups display a strong loyalty to their members and a strong adherence to group norms .
highly cohesive groups [show] a strong loyalty to their members and a strong adherence to group norms .

— output devices ( printers and visual display units )
— output devices ( printers and visual [show] units )

An analogue display on an electronic wristwatch would show a typical watch face with minute and second hands .
an analogue [show] on an electronic wristwatch would show a typical watch face with minute and second hands .

Provision of display material
provision of [show] material

The first market may be offered complete packages of equipment , including a printer and additional storage units in addition to the central processor and visual display unit .
the first market may be offered complete packages of equipment , including a printer and additional storage units in addition to the central processor and visual [show] unit .

For customers these incentives include free samples of the product and twin-pack bargains ; for the trade they include special discounts and the provision of display material .
for customers these incentives include free samples of the product and twin-pack bargains ; for the trade they include special discounts and the provision of [show] material .

Dave had had just the right amount of drink , he had n't been tempted to display his superior knowledge in argument ; he had n't produced any slanderous gossip , he had n't felt it necessary to demonstrate his virility by being overattentive to someone else 's wife .
dave had had just the right amount of drink , he had n't been tempted to [show] his superior knowledge in argument ; he had n't produced any slanderous gossip , he had n't felt it necessary to demonstrate his virility by being overattentive to someone else 's wife .

Renaissance drawings of machines , and even some of those from the eighteenth century , sometimes display an ignorance of how the device must really have worked ; and at other times they are fudged , so that important features can not be seen because the artist did not understand them .
renaissance drawings of machines , and even some of those from the eighteenth century , sometimes [show] an ignorance of how the device must really have worked ; and at other times they are fudged , so that important features can not be seen because the artist did not understand them .

He had been trying to put inorganic chemistry into an intelligible form for his students at the University of St Petersburg , when ( in common with various contemporaries in various countries ) he realized that if the elements are set out in order of increasing atomic weight , they display periodicity : similar elements recur at regular intervals .
he had been trying to put inorganic chemistry into an intelligible form for his students at the university of st petersburg , when ( in common with various contemporaries in various countries ) he realized that if the elements are set out in order of increasing atomic weight , they [show] periodicity : similar elements recur at regular intervals .

‘ Perhaps there would be guests to be welcomed — travellers , or merchants from the East who would display their wares of silk or gold or ivory , ’ said Oisin .
‘ perhaps there would be guests to be welcomed — travellers , or merchants from the east who would [show] their wares of silk or gold or ivory , ’ said oisin .

The dead were consumed by cleansing fire at a ceremony which every Renascian was bound to attend and there would usually be a carefully arranged display of the dead person 's life and a small booklet telling about his life and his work , nearly always written by Snizort and Snodgrass in gentle and tactful collaboration with the bereaved family .
the dead were consumed by cleansing fire at a ceremony which every renascian was bound to attend and there would usually be a carefully arranged [show] of the dead person 's life and a small booklet telling about his life and his work , nearly always written by snizort and snodgrass in gentle and tactful collaboration with the bereaved family .

They display a variety of structures , powers , modes of finance , methods of selection , degrees of discretion and types of staff .
they [show] a variety of structures , powers , modes of finance , methods of selection , degrees of discretion and types of staff .

She disliked losing her temper against her will because it rarely achieved useful results and symbolised impotence rather than strength : always better to channel anger than display it , she thought .
she disliked losing her temper against her will because it rarely achieved useful results and symbolised impotence rather than strength : always better to channel anger than [show] it , she thought .

Swod allowed himself a quarter smile at her recognition but his body was so unused to this display of emotion that he began to cough .
swod allowed himself a quarter smile at her recognition but his body was so unused to this [show] of emotion that he began to cough .

The head-up display died .
the head-up [show] died .

Her eyes flickered sideways to read the digital cost display ’ … .
her eyes flickered sideways to read the digital cost [show] ’ … .

He thumped the desk with an uncharacteristic display of temper .
he thumped the desk with an uncharacteristic [show] of temper .

Bernice could see Legion 's body splitting into a firework display of multi-coloured fronds , and slowly drawing together into a hairy black ovoid supported by three pipe-cleaner legs .
bernice could see legion 's body splitting into a firework [show] of multi-coloured fronds , and slowly drawing together into a hairy black ovoid supported by three pipe-cleaner legs .

Recommendations about classroom management , group work , the planning of projects , the fostering of pupils ' self-reliance , the use of resources , classroom display and a number of other topics , reinforced by the powerful visual device of a model classroom , identified the various items on the advisory team 's agenda for reforming classroom practice .
recommendations about classroom management , group work , the planning of projects , the fostering of pupils ' self-reliance , the use of resources , classroom [show] and a number of other topics , reinforced by the powerful visual device of a model classroom , identified the various items on the advisory team 's agenda for reforming classroom practice .

The classroom context : display and layout
the classroom context : [show] and layout

Further , it has to be asked whether in any event layout , display , grouping and organization are proper subjects for central policy or prescription .
further , it has to be asked whether in any event layout , [show] , grouping and organization are proper subjects for central policy or prescription .

In these cases , a school 's philosophy acquired a life of its own : paraded for governors , advisers , parents and visitors , reflected superficially in those aspects of practice like display and decor that such outsiders tended immediately to note , but seldom followed through .
in these cases , a school 's philosophy acquired a life of its own : paraded for governors , advisers , parents and visitors , reflected superficially in those aspects of practice like [show] and decor that such outsiders tended immediately to note , but seldom followed through .

Teaching needs to be discussed in a much more rounded and comprehensive way , with far less emphasis on surface aspects like display and resources ; far more emphasis should be placed on the character of the minute-to-minute encounters which children have with teachers and each other , on the precise nature and purposes of the tasks they are given and The activities they undertake , and on the relationship of these and other aspects of the practice of teaching to learning .
teaching needs to be discussed in a much more rounded and comprehensive way , with far less emphasis on surface aspects like [show] and resources ; far more emphasis should be placed on the character of the minute-to-minute encounters which children have with teachers and each other , on the precise nature and purposes of the tasks they are given and the activities they undertake , and on the relationship of these and other aspects of the practice of teaching to learning .

Village foundation was to be yet another example of developing the total resources of the estate , and in such enterprises the landowner was supposed to display concern for his former tenants newly displaced .
village foundation was to be yet another example of developing the total resources of the estate , and in such enterprises the landowner was supposed to [show] concern for his former tenants newly displaced .

His liaisons with various ladies of the Kha-Khan 's court were not a matter which he had ever attempted to keep secret , and more than one irate would-be challenger — usually the father or brother of the lady in question — had gone away with a thoughtful expression on his face after witnessing a display of alien skill at arms .
his liaisons with various ladies of the kha-khan 's court were not a matter which he had ever attempted to keep secret , and more than one irate would-be challenger — usually the father or brother of the lady in question — had gone away with a thoughtful expression on his face after witnessing a [show] of alien skill at arms .

Alexei had risen before the sun broke the horizon , and because he was engaged to wait upon Jehana at the house of her father — a public display to advertise the fact of their intended betrothal which was designed , he guessed , to make it believable — he was among the first to witness the damage which the teams of wrights and carpenters now laboured to repair .
alexei had risen before the sun broke the horizon , and because he was engaged to wait upon jehana at the house of her father — a public [show] to advertise the fact of their intended betrothal which was designed , he guessed , to make it believable — he was among the first to witness the damage which the teams of wrights and carpenters now laboured to repair .

Alexei stared frankly at the display .
alexei stared frankly at the [show] .

The audience was constantly moved to applause by the spectacle , and Colonel Fergusson would nudge his daughter heavily at some particularly felicitous aspect of the display .
the audience was constantly moved to applause by the spectacle , and colonel fergusson would nudge his daughter heavily at some particularly felicitous aspect of the [show] .

The absconding muleteer , the swindling innkeeper and the devious customs-house officer were all treated to the same display of unthwartable will .
the absconding muleteer , the swindling innkeeper and the devious customs-house officer were all treated to the same [show] of unthwartable will .

Miss Logan lost count of the times their luggage was detained , or they were told that a buyurulda or special permit would be necessary in addition to the tezkare they had already procured ; but Miss Fergusson , with assistance from a dragoman whose own brief display of independent thought had been snuffed out early on , harried , demanded and succeeded .
miss logan lost count of the times their luggage was detained , or they were told that a buyurulda or special permit would be necessary in addition to the tezkare they had already procured ; but miss fergusson , with assistance from a dragoman whose own brief [show] of independent thought had been snuffed out early on , harried , demanded and succeeded .

Though on display
though on [show]

Your display will be top-heavy if the flowers you choose are too large for the container .
your [show] will be top-heavy if the flowers you choose are too large for the container .

Then think about where you 're going to display them .
then think about where you 're going to [show] them .

If your display will be in the centre of a table , your shortest flowers should be placed around the sides of the container , and the tallest in the middle .
if your [show] will be in the centre of a table , your shortest flowers should be placed around the sides of the container , and the tallest in the middle .

Stand the cutting in strong light , keeping it damp without drowning it ! When it has grown strong and healthy , you can display it in various ways .
stand the cutting in strong light , keeping it damp without drowning it ! when it has grown strong and healthy , you can [show] it in various ways .

To display the jewelled egg , knot a thread at one end , run it through a pretty bead , up through the egg , through another bead or two and then make a loop with the top to hang the egg .
to [show] the jewelled egg , knot a thread at one end , run it through a pretty bead , up through the egg , through another bead or two and then make a loop with the top to hang the egg .

Measuring 12′ × 12′ having central heating radiator , built-in dresser with cupboards , drawers and display cabinets and ample space for comfortable family breakfasting .
measuring 12′ × 12′ having central heating radiator , built-in dresser with cupboards , drawers and [show] cabinets and ample space for comfortable family breakfasting .

There is a growing trend in the textile trade for designers to make use of computer-aided design , in order to explore a greater number of design ideas and to shorten lead times on production . The problem to date has been that the colours seen on the display monitor are difficult to reproduce accurately in the final dyed or printed product : what you see is not always what you get !
there is a growing trend in the textile trade for designers to make use of computer-aided design , in order to explore a greater number of design ideas and to shorten lead times on production . the problem to date has been that the colours seen on the [show] monitor are difficult to reproduce accurately in the final dyed or printed product : what you see is not always what you get !

Despite the challenges associated with building up large-scale production , the Japanese are forging ahead in display technology — and for very good reasons .
despite the challenges associated with building up large-scale production , the japanese are forging ahead in [show] technology — and for very good reasons .

Obviously the straightforward replacement of bulky cathode ray tubes with flat panel display leads to significant power and weight reductions as exemplified in the commercialisation of laptop computers .
obviously the straightforward replacement of bulky cathode ray tubes with flat panel [show] leads to significant power and weight reductions as exemplified in the commercialisation of laptop computers .

The most strategically important reason for investing in flat panel display technology , however , is that with continued miniaturisation of the integrated circuits the display itself will become the platform on which the system is built .
the most strategically important reason for investing in flat panel [show] technology , however , is that with continued miniaturisation of the integrated circuits the [show] itself will become the platform on which the system is built .

Countries with such a display manufacturing capability would dominate the market and effectively eliminate competition based on older technology made up from discrete components .
countries with such a [show] manufacturing capability would dominate the market and effectively eliminate competition based on older technology made up from discrete components .

Small wonder that display technology is generating such interest worldwide and why electronics companies do not want to be excluded from this technology .
small wonder that [show] technology is generating such interest worldwide and why electronics companies do not want to be excluded from this technology .

Whilst such systems are powerful tools for marketing analysis and direct marketing campaigns ( indeed , such profile codings have been shown to be highly predictive when incorporated into credit scorecards ) , the credit marketer should never lose sight of the fact that these are likely profiles and there will inevitably be a small proportion of targeted customers whose actual profiles display a disparity from the system profile .
whilst such systems are powerful tools for marketing analysis and direct marketing campaigns ( indeed , such profile codings have been shown to be highly predictive when incorporated into credit scorecards ) , the credit marketer should never lose sight of the fact that these are likely profiles and there will inevitably be a small proportion of targeted customers whose actual profiles [show] a disparity from the system profile .

Together they choose the best plate to display the food , then Linda gets to work in the kitchen preparing the food for photography with a little help from Cheryl Baker .
together they choose the best plate to [show] the food , then linda gets to work in the kitchen preparing the food for photography with a little help from cheryl baker .

Among the latest kitchen appliances on display will be revolutionary new cookers from British Gas , juice mills , double skillet cooking pans , ‘ Micro Crisp wrap ’ ( for browning and crisping pastry in the microwave ) , the latest range of Tupperware containers and the best non-stick bakeware .
among the latest kitchen appliances on [show] will be revolutionary new cookers from british gas , juice mills , double skillet cooking pans , ‘ micro crisp wrap ’ ( for browning and crisping pastry in the microwave ) , the latest range of tupperware containers and the best non-stick bakeware .

Divers are still used today although their equipment is rather more sophisticated than is shown in the museum display .
divers are still used today although their equipment is rather more sophisticated than is shown in the museum [show] .

Grey , red and white stripes make a dramatic display in the kitchen and throughout the house
grey , red and white stripes make a dramatic [show] in the kitchen and throughout the house

Test or try out the beds on display
test or try out the beds on [show]

Never daring to use them on a regular basis , they were placed inside a display cabinet for many years .
never daring to use them on a regular basis , they were placed inside a [show] cabinet for many years .

The company has a new showcase at Daniella in Walton Street where around 25 pieces are on display for immediate delivery .
the company has a new showcase at daniella in walton street where around 25 pieces are on [show] for immediate delivery .

Uplighters will bounce light off walls and ceilings will highlight plants ; recessed downlighters give pools of light ( especially useful in kitchens ) ; spotlights ‘ wash ’ walls or highlight features such as pictures ; concealed lighting inside display cabinets or hidden behind cornices and pelmets is effective ; plus an array of table , standard and desk lamps .
uplighters will bounce light off walls and ceilings will highlight plants ; recessed downlighters give pools of light ( especially useful in kitchens ) ; spotlights ‘ wash ’ walls or highlight features such as pictures ; concealed lighting inside [show] cabinets or hidden behind cornices and pelmets is effective ; plus an array of table , standard and desk lamps .

Some may bloom for only a few weeks , but their display is beautiful .
some may bloom for only a few weeks , but their [show] is beautiful .

Feeling rather ill due to lack of visibility , we stumbled into Chalet des Pierres , just above Courchevel 1850 , and were disheartened to feel that justice could not be done to such a fantastic display of food .
feeling rather ill due to lack of visibility , we stumbled into chalet des pierres , just above courchevel 1850 , and were disheartened to feel that justice could not be done to such a fantastic [show] of food .

It seems clear , however , that McGonagle 's aim is not only to create a centre for the traditional masters of modernism , but to display contemporary art which encourages an interaction with the public , connecting the gallery with the community rather than separating art from it .
it seems clear , however , that mcgonagle 's aim is not only to create a centre for the traditional masters of modernism , but to [show] contemporary art which encourages an interaction with the public , connecting the gallery with the community rather than separating art from it .

An audio-visual display gives visitors an idea of what life was like aboard a sailing ship .
an audio-visual [show] gives visitors an idea of what life was like aboard a sailing ship .

The full Register will not be on public display , but an extract of the Register , showing only initials , surnames and addresses , will be available for inspection .
the full register will not be on public [show] , but an extract of the register , showing only initials , surnames and addresses , will be available for inspection .

An exhibition of the plate belonging to the Cathedral and college with a changing display of plate from the parishes of the Diocese .
an exhibition of the plate belonging to the cathedral and college with a changing [show] of plate from the parishes of the diocese .

The County Museum , in a fine town house with a pleasant garden , has permanent display galleries which tell the story of Oxfordshire — its people , buildings and landscapes — from early times to the present day , and a changing programme of temporary exhibitions .
the county museum , in a fine town house with a pleasant garden , has permanent [show] galleries which tell the story of oxfordshire — its people , buildings and landscapes — from early times to the present day , and a changing programme of temporary exhibitions .

May 19 — June 2 : Art week Information Display .
may 19 — june 2 : art week information [show] .

Volunteers serve at refreshment counters , give guided tours , run educational activities , do conservation and display work , cataloguing and sorting — there are jobs for any skill you may have .
volunteers serve at refreshment counters , give guided tours , run educational activities , do conservation and [show] work , cataloguing and sorting — there are jobs for any skill you may have .

The skies above London were ablaze with a spectacular firework display on 23 October last year .
the skies above london were ablaze with a spectacular firework [show] on 23 october last year .

The National Trust stand at the Chelsea Flower Show between 20 and 24 May will take its inspiration from the Chinese Garden at Biddulph Grange and there will be the usual display of gifts , publications and an information point dispensing up-to-date brochures and events lists .
the national trust stand at the chelsea flower show between 20 and 24 may will take its inspiration from the chinese garden at biddulph grange and there will be the usual [show] of gifts , publications and an information point dispensing up-to-date brochures and events lists .

Late frosts can spoil a wonderful display .
late frosts can spoil a wonderful [show] .

It is n't easy for a lot of women to display themselves in this way to someone .
it is n't easy for a lot of women to [show] themselves in this way to someone .

There will be floodlit sessions of the show on Friday 11th , and Saturday 12th May ; and on Sunday 13th , the Evening Floodlit Equestrian Extravaganza ends with a fabulous fireworks display at 10.05pm .
there will be floodlit sessions of the show on friday 11th , and saturday 12th may ; and on sunday 13th , the evening floodlit equestrian extravaganza ends with a fabulous fireworks [show] at 10.05pm .

It is also worth seeing Les Grandes Eaux , the weekly fountain display — ask for a timetable .
it is also worth seeing les grandes eaux , the weekly fountain [show] — ask for a timetable .

‘ The centre 's management supplied us with the display screens , upon which we quickly pinned up posters , photographs and press-cuttings .
‘ the centre 's management supplied us with the [show] screens , upon which we quickly pinned up posters , photographs and press-cuttings .

Having been involved in displays of this kind for some years , the northwest clubs ' displays were very elaborate and some clever display techniques were seen .
having been involved in displays of this kind for some years , the northwest clubs ' displays were very elaborate and some clever [show] techniques were seen .

Best Overall Display : South-Lancashire and Cheshire .
best overall [show] : south-lancashire and cheshire .

Many people were genuinely interested in the wide variety of finds on display and showed a keen interest in the hobby in general .
many people were genuinely interested in the wide variety of finds on [show] and showed a keen interest in the hobby in general .

However , the evening provided a variety of attractions for those who attended , mainly , a show of display cases of individuals finds , the raffle , the Find of the Month Competition and a healthy discussion about current events in the metal detecting world .
however , the evening provided a variety of attractions for those who attended , mainly , a show of [show] cases of individuals finds , the raffle , the find of the month competition and a healthy discussion about current events in the metal detecting world .

The waiter watched this display with patient interest and carried the loaded saucer away ceremoniously , as though it were a church collection plate .
the waiter watched this [show] with patient interest and carried the loaded saucer away ceremoniously , as though it were a church collection plate .

He was sitting on a chair beside a display of furled umbrellas ; he had his head in his hands and was being eyed dispassionately by two male assistants in dark suits .
he was sitting on a chair beside a [show] of furled umbrellas ; he had his head in his hands and was being eyed dispassionately by two male assistants in dark suits .

Instantly , Tam flew from the kitchen and embarked on a histrionic welcome display .
instantly , tam flew from the kitchen and embarked on a histrionic welcome [show] .

‘ You 've seen Caroline 's display ?
‘ you 've seen caroline 's [show] ?

Mr Stannard turned from the display and said heavily , ‘ The second line is n't good grammar . ’
mr stannard turned from the [show] and said heavily , ‘ the second line is n't good grammar . ’

It was a kind of verbal display ; listening , she was disconcertingly reminded of a bird idly preening , limbering up with bursts of song , stretching a wing … It came to her , in fact , with dry detachment , that Giles was a somewhat self-centred person .
it was a kind of verbal [show] ; listening , she was disconcertingly reminded of a bird idly preening , limbering up with bursts of song , stretching a wing … it came to her , in fact , with dry detachment , that giles was a somewhat self-centred person .

Those few women who shocked public feeling with a display of sexual desire were branded either as prostitutes , nymphomaniacs or lunatics .
those few women who shocked public feeling with a [show] of sexual desire were branded either as prostitutes , nymphomaniacs or lunatics .

Professional interpreters and translators are not alone in needing to be able to display bilingual skills : teachers , businesspeople , administrators , welfare service personnel and trade unionists are going to want such skills , but none more so , perhaps , than those who train language teachers .
professional interpreters and translators are not alone in needing to be able to [show] bilingual skills : teachers , businesspeople , administrators , welfare service personnel and trade unionists are going to want such skills , but none more so , perhaps , than those who train language teachers .

The fishing nets and the postcards were no longer on display , and the woollens and the charming useless pottery had been packed away for the coming winter and the new season to follow-then they were out of the village , passing through a scattering of newer and less substantial houses and following the narrow lakeside road to Langstone .
the fishing nets and the postcards were no longer on [show] , and the woollens and the charming useless pottery had been packed away for the coming winter and the new season to follow-then they were out of the village , passing through a scattering of newer and less substantial houses and following the narrow lakeside road to langstone .

Hardly a great display of comprehension .
hardly a great [show] of comprehension .

Rennie Hamilton came from behind the counter of the village store and picked her way across a floor that was crowded with display stands and boxes , craning to catch a glimpse of the Rover and its occupants as it sped on past the hotel and towards the lake .
rennie hamilton came from behind the counter of the village store and picked her way across a floor that was crowded with [show] stands and boxes , craning to catch a glimpse of the rover and its occupants as it sped on past the hotel and towards the lake .

She was lowering herself from the tip-toe that she needed to look over the panelled backing of the window display when something else caught her eye , further down the road .
she was lowering herself from the tip-toe that she needed to look over the panelled backing of the window [show] when something else caught her eye , further down the road .

In two of the cottages he could see glass-fronted rifle display cases .
in two of the cottages he could see glass-fronted rifle [show] cases .

He bent to get a closer look at one drawing that had been fixed lower than the others , as if the teacher had somehow tried to segregate it off and pretend that it was n't part of the display .
he bent to get a closer look at one drawing that had been fixed lower than the others , as if the teacher had somehow tried to segregate it off and pretend that it was n't part of the [show] .

— As he 'd studied the tackle and the nets and the green canvas bags on display he 'd listened to the gunsmith behind the counter taking telephone enquiries .
— as he 'd studied the tackle and the nets and the green canvas bags on [show] he 'd listened to the gunsmith behind the counter taking telephone enquiries .

As he shrieked through his loudspeaker , the Sturmabteilungen started to stream through the crowd , their red shirts now on full display , hitting out at all who stood before them .
as he shrieked through his loudspeaker , the sturmabteilungen started to stream through the crowd , their red shirts now on full [show] , hitting out at all who stood before them .

The Paris museum ( colloquially known as the Jardin des Plantes ) was much more than a museum for the display of exotic specimens .
the paris museum ( colloquially known as the jardin des plantes ) was much more than a museum for the [show] of exotic specimens .

The animal kingdom does not display a linear pattern of species linking the lowest forms to humankind .
the animal kingdom does not [show] a linear pattern of species linking the lowest forms to humankind .

Humboldt introduced similar techniques to display the characteristics of the flora to be found in different regions .
humboldt introduced similar techniques to [show] the characteristics of the flora to be found in different regions .

These institutions played a role as imperial symbols , allowing Europeans to visualize the extent of their world-wide conquests through the display of exotic species .
these institutions played a role as imperial symbols , allowing europeans to visualize the extent of their world-wide conquests through the [show] of exotic species .

In bird species where the males display to attract the females ( the peacock is a classic example ) , extravagant plumage has developed because the best-endowed males have always mated more frequently .
in bird species where the males [show] to attract the females ( the peacock is a classic example ) , extravagant plumage has developed because the best-endowed males have always mated more frequently .

Stand by the external display of sunglasses .
stand by the external [show] of sunglasses .

The counters and display cabinets were empty , save for a few of the distinctive green and gold Confiserie Vassoir tins .
the counters and [show] cabinets were empty , save for a few of the distinctive green and gold confiserie vassoir tins .

‘ How do you decide which paintings go on display and which are kept here ? ’ she asked , following Mahoney through the room .
‘ how do you decide which paintings go on [show] and which are kept here ? ’ she asked , following mahoney through the room .

‘ We display them on a kind of rotation system , ’ he told her .
‘ we [show] them on a kind of rotation system , ’ he told her .

The paintings are usually left on display for three months , then one or two are replaced .
the paintings are usually left on [show] for three months , then one or two are replaced .

In the display the Godfather 's desk had a number of books on it ; the waxworks owner reached for them one by one .
in the [show] the godfather 's desk had a number of books on it ; the waxworks owner reached for them one by one .

They passed through an archway into a display of great sporting figures .
they passed through an archway into a [show] of great sporting figures .

Opposite him a display showed Gene Kelly , Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers all dancing together , watched by a group of admiring figures .
opposite him a [show] showed gene kelly , fred astaire and ginger rogers all dancing together , watched by a group of admiring figures .

Hostile staff or fellow prisoners are known to use the technique of ‘ winding you up ’ to force a display of feeling , which is then punished or ridiculed .
hostile staff or fellow prisoners are known to use the technique of ‘ winding you up ’ to force a [show] of feeling , which is then punished or ridiculed .

He had n't hit her , or snatched her camera , but stood square to her , holding his hands up as if he knew not to , bouncing on the balls of his feet , while Jean-Claude and his group looked on , keeping very still , and Miranda wondered , for a moment , if the camera were rolling , for she felt on display under George 's attack .
he had n't hit her , or snatched her camera , but stood square to her , holding his hands up as if he knew not to , bouncing on the balls of his feet , while jean-claude and his group looked on , keeping very still , and miranda wondered , for a moment , if the camera were rolling , for she felt on [show] under george 's attack .

And at the same time the racing of her blood was only partly fear , and she could see that he knew it , that he had discovered this power and tuned it to performance pitch , that the insults were a kind of invitation , the display of force a plea turned upside down , and she also wanted , because she longed to please , to take off her clothes then and there and let him down from his prideful pose , and soothe him with her obedience to his rage .
and at the same time the racing of her blood was only partly fear , and she could see that he knew it , that he had discovered this power and tuned it to performance pitch , that the insults were a kind of invitation , the [show] of force a plea turned upside down , and she also wanted , because she longed to please , to take off her clothes then and there and let him down from his prideful pose , and soothe him with her obedience to his rage .

In the ultimate case , when considering premises designed totally for automatic operation , the use of electronic display panels and controls sited in suitably protected premises remote from the area of risk may have to be considered and in the case of multiple points the need for communication in order to co-ordinate the operation of controls would be needed to be assessed .
in the ultimate case , when considering premises designed totally for automatic operation , the use of electronic [show] panels and controls sited in suitably protected premises remote from the area of risk may have to be considered and in the case of multiple points the need for communication in order to co-ordinate the operation of controls would be needed to be assessed .

, is imperative , and slave mimic display panels should be considered at other and remote positions from the prime risk areas to ensure cover for the control of the emergency operations .
, is imperative , and slave mimic [show] panels should be considered at other and remote positions from the prime risk areas to ensure cover for the control of the emergency operations .

These images can be re-scaled at will and always print out at the resolution of the printer rather than the computer 's display .
these images can be re-scaled at will and always print out at the resolution of the printer rather than the computer 's [show] .

Even the best display systems currently available are pushing the limits to reach 150 dots per inch , half the resolution of a page printer and less than a tenth that of a typesetter .
even the best [show] systems currently available are pushing the limits to reach 150 dots per inch , half the resolution of a page printer and less than a tenth that of a typesetter .

Similarly , graphics files should be able to retain their formats and display an accurate representation of their content either when viewed on the screen or printed on the page .
similarly , graphics files should be able to retain their formats and [show] an accurate representation of their content either when viewed on the screen or printed on the page .

What is needed is an input device which can translate the lines and curves of the drawing or design into the sort of information that a computer can display .
what is needed is an input device which can translate the lines and curves of the drawing or design into the sort of information that a computer can [show] .

In some applications the infra red sources and detectors are placed around the edge of the visual display unit , a cheaper method of providing an interactive screen than embedding touch pads into the glass .
in some applications the infra red sources and detectors are placed around the edge of the visual [show] unit , a cheaper method of providing an interactive screen than embedding touch pads into the glass .

The actual data produced by a graphics tablet or digitiser must be converted into information suitable for display on the screen and to this end most of the commercial products come with all the necessary software .
the actual data produced by a graphics tablet or digitiser must be converted into information suitable for [show] on the screen and to this end most of the commercial products come with all the necessary software .

The Theory : What is needed is an input device which can translate the lines and curves of the drawing or design into digital information that a computer can then re-create as a display .
the theory : what is needed is an input device which can translate the lines and curves of the drawing or design into digital information that a computer can then re-create as a [show] .

The data produced by a graphics tablet must be converted into information suitable for display on the screen and to this end most of the commercial products come with all the necessary software .
the data produced by a graphics tablet must be converted into information suitable for [show] on the screen and to this end most of the commercial products come with all the necessary software .

To keep the user aware of what 's going on the screen display includes a highlighted bar detailing the current screen mode , fore- and background colour selected , the drawing and dot modes .
to keep the user aware of what 's going on the screen [show] includes a highlighted bar detailing the current screen mode , fore- and background colour selected , the drawing and dot modes .

Although the user thinks that they are deleting the material they are only really removing them from the current display list — all the text and graphics are still being held in the file .
although the user thinks that they are deleting the material they are only really removing them from the current [show] list — all the text and graphics are still being held in the file .

They had already decided not to go for Display PostScript — the on-screen imaging model that matches the printer language — but to concentrate on enhancing QuickDraw .
they had already decided not to go for [show] postscript — the on-screen imaging model that matches the printer language — but to concentrate on enhancing quickdraw .

For any desktop publishing package to work properly and display correct line endings it must have a screen font that matches the font in the printer ; ie the width tables must match .
for any desktop publishing package to work properly and [show] correct line endings it must have a screen font that matches the font in the printer ; ie the width tables must match .

To put it into some form of perspective it is perhaps worth reviewing the whole issue of how fonts get displayed on a computer screen and why the method chosen to display them has become so important .
to put it into some form of perspective it is perhaps worth reviewing the whole issue of how fonts get displayed on a computer screen and why the method chosen to [show] them has become so important .

You could n't edit the preview display , of course , and the typefaces were generic rather than accurate representations but things were , it seemed , moving in the right direction .
you could n't edit the preview [show] , of course , and the typefaces were generic rather than accurate representations but things were , it seemed , moving in the right direction .

a measure of area used in newspapers and magazines to calculate the cost of display advertising .
a measure of area used in newspapers and magazines to calculate the cost of [show] advertising .

Display type
[show] type

a software technique that allows a rectangular area of a computer screen to display output from a program .
a software technique that allows a rectangular area of a computer screen to [show] output from a program .

The first were created by simply turning display pixels on or off and were , therefore , simple to program and relatively simple to use .
the first were created by simply turning [show] pixels on or off and were , therefore , simple to program and relatively simple to use .

This gave a previously unseen level of correspondence between the screen display and the eventual printed result .
this gave a previously unseen level of correspondence between the screen [show] and the eventual printed result .

It was also the realisation of the fundamental concept behind page description languages , in that they were originally intended to be used for creating displays rather than driving printers , and the beginning of Adobe 's attempt to create a standard for graphics systems , now known as Display PostScript .
it was also the realisation of the fundamental concept behind page description languages , in that they were originally intended to be used for creating displays rather than driving printers , and the beginning of adobe 's attempt to create a standard for graphics systems , now known as [show] postscript .

4 and Adobe 's offerings as well as their own ImageStudio and the forthcoming LetraStudio and its accompanying display face type .
4 and adobe 's offerings as well as their own imagestudio and the forthcoming letrastudio and its accompanying [show] face type .

These unreliable , noisy and cumbersome objects have gradually been replaced by the swift and silent Visual Display Unit .
these unreliable , noisy and cumbersome objects have gradually been replaced by the swift and silent visual [show] unit .

Display material , advertisements and so on need the extra quality and , if these are the products which you will be producing it is important to ensure that you can move between the systems without having to change the data .
[show] material , advertisements and so on need the extra quality and , if these are the products which you will be producing it is important to ensure that you can move between the systems without having to change the data .

Because of its graphical interface the Macintosh has always had a superb display system , an effect heightened by the use of a small ( 9″ ) monitor .
because of its graphical interface the macintosh has always had a superb [show] system , an effect heightened by the use of a small ( 9″ ) monitor .

visible artifacts — the style of the offices or other premises , dress ‘ rules ’ , display of ‘ trophies ’ , the degree of informality between superiors and subordinates etc .
visible artifacts — the style of the offices or other premises , dress ‘ rules ’ , [show] of ‘ trophies ’ , the degree of informality between superiors and subordinates etc .

’ He turned to the tables against the wall behind them , on which lay various glassy-looking objects , some in display cabinets , most loose , all with explanatory notes stuck to the wall above them .
’ he turned to the tables against the wall behind them , on which lay various glassy-looking objects , some in [show] cabinets , most loose , all with explanatory notes stuck to the wall above them .

If he did neglect his diocese , he certainly spoke of his ‘ devotion to his spouse , the church of Lichfield ’ and did much to display it .
if he did neglect his diocese , he certainly spoke of his ‘ devotion to his spouse , the church of lichfield ’ and did much to [show] it .

The contact with Wren is of particular interest in that it provided an influence on his own architectural style , to be seen , for example , in the Clare north range ; but otherwise his designs display a pleasant artisan manner rather than a full understanding of the grammar of classical architecture .
the contact with wren is of particular interest in that it provided an influence on his own architectural style , to be seen , for example , in the clare north range ; but otherwise his designs [show] a pleasant artisan manner rather than a full understanding of the grammar of classical architecture .

Increasingly , the monarchy was involved in courtly display , and it was as the administrator of such functions that Cawarden was to win fame , providing costumes for men and horses and complicated scenic devices .
increasingly , the monarchy was involved in courtly [show] , and it was as the administrator of such functions that cawarden was to win fame , providing costumes for men and horses and complicated scenic devices .

On Carmel Dorothy Garrod was to display all her qualities , personal and professional .
on carmel dorothy garrod was to [show] all her qualities , personal and professional .

Bird display was his speciality and he made a number of seminal studies .
bird [show] was his speciality and he made a number of seminal studies .

His public buildings were conceived in a robust stylar Palladian but display the refined ornaments of neo-classicism and command the city centre with both authority and elegance .
his public buildings were conceived in a robust stylar palladian but [show] the refined ornaments of neo-classicism and command the city centre with both authority and elegance .

The first major application of Blumlein 's principles was in 1939 , when he developed the visual display sound locator to help anti-aircraft gun-laying before radar was available .
the first major application of blumlein 's principles was in 1939 , when he developed the visual [show] sound locator to help anti-aircraft gun-laying before radar was available .

However , he could display a hasty temper , as noted in an incident which took place in Wandsworth , and even on occasion came under suspicion of unethical behaviour .
however , he could [show] a hasty temper , as noted in an incident which took place in wandsworth , and even on occasion came under suspicion of unethical behaviour .

Henry Foley 's Records contain forty-eight pages of his letters , which display resolute leadership .
henry foley 's records contain forty-eight pages of his letters , which [show] resolute leadership .

At Oxford he had written poems of considerable competence , most of them religious but a handful presumably composed with Dolben in mind ; only one or two hinted at the great originality he was to display in maturity .
at oxford he had written poems of considerable competence , most of them religious but a handful presumably composed with dolben in mind ; only one or two hinted at the great originality he was to [show] in maturity .

These were followed by a wide range of commissions which display his inventive powers , including the Gothic Marischal College of 1837 , the New Market of 1840 , and in the same year his headquarters of the North of Scotland Bank , with its quadrant corner screen and richly decorated interior incorporating the Parthenon frieze .
these were followed by a wide range of commissions which [show] his inventive powers , including the gothic marischal college of 1837 , the new market of 1840 , and in the same year his headquarters of the north of scotland bank , with its quadrant corner screen and richly decorated interior incorporating the parthenon frieze .

The house , which was completed in 1856 , was celebrated for its huge marble staircase and for the splendid series of staterooms on the piano nobile , designed for the reception and display of Holford 's collections .
the house , which was completed in 1856 , was celebrated for its huge marble staircase and for the splendid series of staterooms on the piano nobile , designed for the reception and [show] of holford 's collections .

Smaller versions , engraved by James Smith , were used to illustrate The Flower-garden Display 'd ( 1732 ) with descriptions of the flowers probably written by Richard Bradley [ q.v . ]
smaller versions , engraved by james smith , were used to illustrate the flower-garden [show] 'd ( 1732 ) with descriptions of the flowers probably written by richard bradley [ q.v . ]

He seemed to display a certain insensitivity in these cases — an impression enhanced by his somewhat pedantic way of speech .
he seemed to [show] a certain insensitivity in these cases — an impression enhanced by his somewhat pedantic way of speech .

He built a private museum at Driffield to display his collection .
he built a private museum at driffield to [show] his collection .

Several of Sisley 's early paintings dating from the second half of the 1860s were accepted for display in the official Salon , but during the 1870s he began to paint in a fully fledged Impressionist style characterized by pure colours applied with broken brush strokes and bright light .
several of sisley 's early paintings dating from the second half of the 1860s were accepted for [show] in the official salon , but during the 1870s he began to paint in a fully fledged impressionist style characterized by pure colours applied with broken brush strokes and bright light .

In the nine-acre arboretum , as part of it was called , each species and variety was represented by a well-grown display specimen and a stock of smaller plants for sale .
in the nine-acre arboretum , as part of it was called , each species and variety was represented by a well-grown [show] specimen and a stock of smaller plants for sale .

For two years he was exhibited in fairgrounds , and it was while he was on display in an empty shop in Whitechapel Road , London , opposite the London Hospital , that Treves first saw him .
for two years he was exhibited in fairgrounds , and it was while he was on [show] in an empty shop in whitechapel road , london , opposite the london hospital , that treves first saw him .

But the attitude of the civic authorities towards the public display of freaks was becoming increasingly severe , and Merrick was passed on to an Austrian or Italian manager , who took him on tour in Europe .
but the attitude of the civic authorities towards the public [show] of freaks was becoming increasingly severe , and merrick was passed on to an austrian or italian manager , who took him on tour in europe .

However , if the courts display the commonsense approach that the House of Lords did in the one relevant reported case of any importance , the probability is that we shall get by without much trouble .
however , if the courts [show] the commonsense approach that the house of lords did in the one relevant reported case of any importance , the probability is that we shall get by without much trouble .

At common law , affray consisted of fighting in public to the terror of innocent bystanders , or the display of force without actual violence but with the same effect on bystanders .
at common law , affray consisted of fighting in public to the terror of innocent bystanders , or the [show] of force without actual violence but with the same effect on bystanders .

People rarely utter threats without accompanying them by threatening gestures of some sort , and the combination of words and gestures , even without the display of a weapon , is clearly within the terms of the Act .
people rarely utter threats without accompanying them by threatening gestures of some sort , and the combination of words and gestures , even without the [show] of a weapon , is clearly within the terms of the act .

Where the conduct consists of a distribution or display , that distribution must be ‘ to another person .
where the conduct consists of a distribution or [show] , that distribution must be ‘ to another person .

Does a person who exhibits his display to the whole world display to another person ?
does a person who exhibits his [show] to the whole world [show] to another person ?

Even granted that the singular can include the plural , so that ‘ another ’ can include ‘ others , ’ a standing display is not necessarily displayed towards others .
even granted that the singular can include the plural , so that ‘ another ’ can include ‘ others , ’ a standing [show] is not necessarily displayed towards others .

His argument that he was not displaying it towards another gains strength from the fact that , under section 18 ( which is explicitly concerned with the offence of stirring racial hatred ) the word ‘ display ’ is not similarly qualified .
his argument that he was not displaying it towards another gains strength from the fact that , under section 18 ( which is explicitly concerned with the offence of stirring racial hatred ) the word ‘ [show] ’ is not similarly qualified .

These are the use of words or behaviour , or the display of inflammatory written material , the publication or distribution of racially inflammatory written material publicly performing a play containing inflammatory material , distributing , playing or showing a recording containing such material , broadcasting or including inflammatory material in a cable programme service and possessing it with a view to publishing or distributing it .
these are the use of words or behaviour , or the [show] of inflammatory written material , the publication or distribution of racially inflammatory written material publicly performing a play containing inflammatory material , distributing , playing or showing a recording containing such material , broadcasting or including inflammatory material in a cable programme service and possessing it with a view to publishing or distributing it .

Where a person is convicted of an offence relating to the display of material under section 18 , or of one of the offences contrary to sections 19 , 21 or 23 , forfeiture of the material is mandatory .
where a person is convicted of an offence relating to the [show] of material under section 18 , or of one of the offences contrary to sections 19 , 21 or 23 , forfeiture of the material is mandatory .

The field behaves as if it had been presented simultaneously with the target display , and so reduces the contrast between target contours and their background ( that is , the target contours will look grey rather than black ) .
the field behaves as if it had been presented simultaneously with the target [show] , and so reduces the contrast between target contours and their background ( that is , the target contours will look grey rather than black ) .

If the brightness backward mask follows soon enough after the target and is bright enough , it will reduce contrast in the target display so much that the target contours will not be discriminable from their background , and so the target will not be identifiable .
if the brightness backward mask follows soon enough after the target and is bright enough , it will reduce contrast in the target [show] so much that the target contours will not be discriminable from their background , and so the target will not be identifiable .

well it starts off + um + an owl + comes into his shop + and there 's + just the counter + with a till and + a few + bottles an' um + pots of jam on it + an' he um + inspects the counter + an' + sort of ‘ tut-tut 's 'cos it 's + dusty + an ’ goes off to get um + a small + sweeping brush an' sort of + cleans it up + an' then decides to move + um + the display over from + one side + over to the other … ( undergraduate student describing events in a puppet film )
well it starts off + um + an owl + comes into his shop + and there 's + just the counter + with a till and + a few + bottles an' um + pots of jam on it + an' he um + inspects the counter + an' + sort of ‘ tut-tut 's 'cos it 's + dusty + an ’ goes off to get um + a small + sweeping brush an' sort of + cleans it up + an' then decides to move + um + the [show] over from + one side + over to the other … ( undergraduate student describing events in a puppet film )

This is self-contained and provides a spectacular water display at night , yet during the daytime can be used as an ordinary fountain .
this is self-contained and provides a spectacular water [show] at night , yet during the daytime can be used as an ordinary fountain .

While a conventional fountain with a standard spray pattern can be used to create a pleasing display , it has been found that , to give maximum colour density to the spray pattern , a thin columnar effect is best , and this is provided by a special jet with a larger number of fine holes .
while a conventional fountain with a standard spray pattern can be used to create a pleasing [show] , it has been found that , to give maximum colour density to the spray pattern , a thin columnar effect is best , and this is provided by a special jet with a larger number of fine holes .

However , this is not the main reason for gardeners wishing to grow these gorgeous subjects , for throughout the summer they provide a dazzling display of beautifully sculptured blossoms in almost every shape , size and colour imaginable .
however , this is not the main reason for gardeners wishing to grow these gorgeous subjects , for throughout the summer they provide a dazzling [show] of beautifully sculptured blossoms in almost every shape , size and colour imaginable .

They do not have the degree of ideological and policy coherence normally found in British ( and other European ) parties , and display far less party loyalty in the legislature .
they do not have the degree of ideological and policy coherence normally found in british ( and other european ) parties , and [show] far less party loyalty in the legislature .

We may conclude that , as with other Soviet institutions , the public side of the old Supreme Soviet was used to display unbroken unity in a way uncharacteristic of Western assemblies .
we may conclude that , as with other soviet institutions , the public side of the old supreme soviet was used to [show] unbroken unity in a way uncharacteristic of western assemblies .

It has been suggested that most of the major problems in the analysis of modern bureaucracies concern the degree of responsiveness they display in adjusting their behaviour to the wants of the public they are supposed to serve .
it has been suggested that most of the major problems in the analysis of modern bureaucracies concern the degree of responsiveness they [show] in adjusting their behaviour to the wants of the public they are supposed to serve .

Funakoshi put on a display of the art for the emperor of Japan , who was so impressed that he asked him to stay in Japan and teach .
funakoshi put on a [show] of the art for the emperor of japan , who was so impressed that he asked him to stay in japan and teach .

Its series of choreographed fighting movements includes all the techniques required to deal with almost any situation and it allows the student to display his competence of the art to its maximum .
its series of choreographed fighting movements includes all the techniques required to deal with almost any situation and it allows the student to [show] his competence of the art to its maximum .

Humphrey Bogart , Dick Powell and Alan Ladd had big display adverts with prominent slogans : ‘ No Divorce Work ’ , ‘ Trouble Is My Business ’ , ‘ This Gun for Hire ’ .
humphrey bogart , dick powell and alan ladd had big [show] adverts with prominent slogans : ‘ no divorce work ’ , ‘ trouble is my business ’ , ‘ this gun for hire ’ .

With composers such as Barraqué , Boulez , and Berio the singer has to display extreme virtuosity more or less continuously : Sometimes decorations are most apt for painting the significance of special words which are central to the significance of the poem , or set its atmosphere .
with composers such as barraqué , boulez , and berio the singer has to [show] extreme virtuosity more or less continuously : sometimes decorations are most apt for painting the significance of special words which are central to the significance of the poem , or set its atmosphere .

The Jubilee Day display demonstrates all the meticulous organization and mastery of pageantry for which the British have become renowned .
the jubilee day [show] demonstrates all the meticulous organization and mastery of pageantry for which the british have become renowned .

As from 1st March , all Chivers titles will be on display in a dedicated area at Askews in Preston , to make selection easier for librarians from the north of England and Scotland .
as from 1st march , all chivers titles will be on [show] in a dedicated area at askews in preston , to make selection easier for librarians from the north of england and scotland .

During his 32 years with Blandford Press , what started as a small list mainly of cacti and display books , expanded rapidly in many areas .
during his 32 years with blandford press , what started as a small list mainly of cacti and [show] books , expanded rapidly in many areas .

Instore display
instore [show]

Prepare your instore display well in advance of delivery .
prepare your instore [show] well in advance of delivery .

It can not be stressed enough that calendars need a little extra display thought if they are to sell out well .
it can not be stressed enough that calendars need a little extra [show] thought if they are to sell out well .

Some companies will help with display facilities and point of sale material , particularly for special promotions .
some companies will help with [show] facilities and point of sale material , particularly for special promotions .

Ordering replenishment and display may be looked after by the publisher and this can lift a lot of the administrative burden of stock control from the shop , although they are normally offered only where sales justify it .
ordering replenishment and [show] may be looked after by the publisher and this can lift a lot of the administrative burden of stock control from the shop , although they are normally offered only where sales justify it .

Many card suppliers also produce other lines , giftwrap stationery items , postcards ; some even produce books which can help to give a co-ordinated display , attracting customers and achieving that all important element of any retailing concern , increased sales and margin .
many card suppliers also produce other lines , giftwrap stationery items , postcards ; some even produce books which can help to give a co-ordinated [show] , attracting customers and achieving that all important element of any retailing concern , increased sales and margin .

They display linear troughs , sets of parallel ridges and troughs , and numerous roughly circular features from about the lower size limit of 30 km across up to about 1700 km across .
they [show] linear troughs , sets of parallel ridges and troughs , and numerous roughly circular features from about the lower size limit of 30 km across up to about 1700 km across .

The wavelike features move relative to each other along the belts and zones , and display a complicated set of interactions .
the wavelike features move relative to each other along the belts and zones , and [show] a complicated set of interactions .

His display of independence seemed to make matters worse .
his [show] of independence seemed to make matters worse .

‘ Publishers should make sure that there really are adequate incentives for booksellers to showcase their ranges in prime locations which are attractively fitted out … To me the biggest problem must be over publishing . How can we possibly justify creating 7,000 additional children 's books each year ? What bookseller can hope adequately to display more than a mere handful of these — and often then at the expense of much saleable backlist titles ? ’
‘ publishers should make sure that there really are adequate incentives for booksellers to showcase their ranges in prime locations which are attractively fitted out … to me the biggest problem must be over publishing . how can we possibly justify creating 7,000 additional children 's books each year ? what bookseller can hope adequately to [show] more than a mere handful of these — and often then at the expense of much saleable backlist titles ? ’

Very large window areas allow for broad sweeps of display which grab the eye from far away , as they do at Waterstones ' even grander premises round the corner in Union Street .
very large window areas allow for broad sweeps of [show] which grab the eye from far away , as they do at waterstones ' even grander premises round the corner in union street .

Elizabeth Young ( Independent on Sunday ) was rather kinder and , at the same time , less affected by the need to outwit the dictionary : ‘ The novel has all the vigour and bravado of a fireworks display .
elizabeth young ( independent on sunday ) was rather kinder and , at the same time , less affected by the need to outwit the dictionary : ‘ the novel has all the vigour and bravado of a fireworks [show] .

Wickham was finding Frank Shildon very useful although his thanks embarrassed the man , because Shildon did not fit the stereotype of people anxious to display their knowledge .
wickham was finding frank shildon very useful although his thanks embarrassed the man , because shildon did not fit the stereotype of people anxious to [show] their knowledge .

And every time the Sun shall display His Rising Light , It shall be to them a new Wedding-Day ; And when he sets , a new Nuptial-Night ,
and every time the sun shall [show] his rising light , it shall be to them a new wedding-day ; and when he sets , a new nuptial-night ,

No matter how good a book is it has its faults , and these give the reviewer the chance to display his knowledge .
no matter how good a book is it has its faults , and these give the reviewer the chance to [show] his knowledge .

After the ceremony of the Wheel there was a firework display and people bought chips and hot-dogs from traders with vans who were cashing in on the occasion .
after the ceremony of the wheel there was a firework [show] and people bought chips and hot-dogs from traders with vans who were cashing in on the occasion .

The girl got up and switched on an X-ray display panel with two plates .
the girl got up and switched on an x-ray [show] panel with two plates .

She had on her housecoat , which offered a fair display of bosom , and Wycliffe wondered how long it would be before she found a successor for the undertaker .
she had on her housecoat , which offered a fair [show] of bosom , and wycliffe wondered how long it would be before she found a successor for the undertaker .

Instead of the cafe or the restaurant that he 'd expected , he found a narrow shop with a few uncontroversial-looking videos in the window display and a more extensive and X-rated stock of tapes and magazines inside .
instead of the cafe or the restaurant that he 'd expected , he found a narrow shop with a few uncontroversial-looking videos in the window [show] and a more extensive and x-rated stock of tapes and magazines inside .

The next room was a garbagey mess of ripped packaging and stacked video cases , and old display material that had been slung in and forgotten .
the next room was a garbagey mess of ripped packaging and stacked video cases , and old [show] material that had been slung in and forgotten .

Not one of the big places , but one of the little shop-sized Chinese cafes that did n't even display an English menu .
not one of the big places , but one of the little shop-sized chinese cafes that did n't even [show] an english menu .

Another successful project investigated the production of improved phosphor coatings — for display tubes and the like — by a sol-gel process .
another successful project investigated the production of improved phosphor coatings — for [show] tubes and the like — by a sol-gel process .

The overall national trend in the work out to tender continued to display its upward trend from the middle of 1991 , albeit somewhat erratically .
the overall national trend in the work out to tender continued to [show] its upward trend from the middle of 1991 , albeit somewhat erratically .

Forgive us Lord , when our lives do not display your peace .
forgive us lord , when our lives do not [show] your peace .

Staff dressed in period costume , and a photographic display recording the Branch 's history was unveiled in the banking hall .
staff dressed in period costume , and a photographic [show] recording the branch 's history was unveiled in the banking hall .

Hundreds have so far viewed the display of books , papers and office equipment used by Child & Co since the formation of the bank in the 16th century .
hundreds have so far viewed the [show] of books , papers and office equipment used by child & co since the formation of the bank in the 16th century .

All are included in the exhibition and it may be helpful to examine the proposals with the aid of the drawings and photographs on display .
all are included in the exhibition and it may be helpful to examine the proposals with the aid of the drawings and photographs on [show] .

‘ At the department in Market Street , we have a Ceefax-style television display with roads information which is constantly updated .
‘ at the department in market street , we have a ceefax-style television [show] with roads information which is constantly updated .

The issues are not about inappropriate use of authority nor are they about the display of heroics .
the issues are not about inappropriate use of authority nor are they about the [show] of heroics .

Display material and literature relevant to restraint of infants have been posted in hospitals and maternity units in the Region .
[show] material and literature relevant to restraint of infants have been posted in hospitals and maternity units in the region .

Where no facilities are available the Police Road Safety Display Caravan will be sited and interested road users targeted .
where no facilities are available the police road safety [show] caravan will be sited and interested road users targeted .

The Library is marking the holding of December 's European Summit in Edinburgh with a display of some of its treasures — the books , maps and manuscripts which tell the story of Scotland 's long involvement in Europe and our shared inheritance .
the library is marking the holding of december 's european summit in edinburgh with a [show] of some of its treasures — the books , maps and manuscripts which tell the story of scotland 's long involvement in europe and our shared inheritance .

Various crafts , by local people were on display , quilting , wood carving , bee keeping , sewing , knitting , picture embroidery .
various crafts , by local people were on [show] , quilting , wood carving , bee keeping , sewing , knitting , picture embroidery .

Neighbourhood Watch The Belmont Road scheme continues to work effectively although cars are continuing to be broken into especially when goods of value are on display .
neighbourhood watch the belmont road scheme continues to work effectively although cars are continuing to be broken into especially when goods of value are on [show] .

This mosaic is the more imposing piece of work , but the fragment might also have been the central display of a comparable arrangement .
this mosaic is the more imposing piece of work , but the fragment might also have been the central [show] of a comparable arrangement .

Not only for the quality of its own World of Guinness display , which is rounded off with traditional sampling of the renowned product in the bar , but also for the sheer beauty , and the quality of light and space of the exhibition galleries .
not only for the quality of its own world of guinness [show] , which is rounded off with traditional sampling of the renowned product in the bar , but also for the sheer beauty , and the quality of light and space of the exhibition galleries .

Time for a change in the Museum of Scotland exhibition with a temporary display on the conservation of longcase clocks .
time for a change in the museum of scotland exhibition with a temporary [show] on the conservation of longcase clocks .

Many of the items on display have been lent by Polish soldiers who settled in this country and their families .
many of the items on [show] have been lent by polish soldiers who settled in this country and their families .

On display will be approximately 90 masks , costumes and related objects from the Museums ' collections from Africa , America , Europe , the Pacific and the Far East .
on [show] will be approximately 90 masks , costumes and related objects from the museums ' collections from africa , america , europe , the pacific and the far east .

There will also be about 20 contemporary masks , bought or specially made for the display , and dozens of comics featuring masked characters .
there will also be about 20 contemporary masks , bought or specially made for the [show] , and dozens of comics featuring masked characters .

If you asked him where a particular coin was he would be able to tell you exactly where it was on display , even to where it was pinned in a case .
if you asked him where a particular coin was he would be able to tell you exactly where it was on [show] , even to where it was pinned in a case .

The Scottish Agricultural Museum , by Edinburgh Airport , opens on 1 May and this year a new set has been put on display to show a Border herdsman 's house .
the scottish agricultural museum , by edinburgh airport , opens on 1 may and this year a new set has been put on [show] to show a border herdsman 's house .

There will be a naval aviation display as well as examples of Ferranti weaponry , a Royal Observer Corps display and items from the Cold War .
there will be a naval aviation [show] as well as examples of ferranti weaponry , a royal observer corps [show] and items from the cold war .

Among the activities planned for the evening are continuous guided tours of the exhibition Dynasty : The Royal House of Stewart , an introduction to the Scottish Photography Archive with with a chance to view the current display , and an historic overview of the Queen Street building given by .
among the activities planned for the evening are continuous guided tours of the exhibition dynasty : the royal house of stewart , an introduction to the scottish photography archive with with a chance to view the current [show] , and an historic overview of the queen street building given by .

We are particularly grateful to members of the undergraduate years 1965 , who responded to the Librarian 's appeal for items to display at the Gaudy in June , and to Nina Bawden ( Mabey , 1943 ) who has supplied us with a complete set of her novels .
we are particularly grateful to members of the undergraduate years 1965 , who responded to the librarian 's appeal for items to [show] at the gaudy in june , and to nina bawden ( mabey , 1943 ) who has supplied us with a complete set of her novels .

Afterwards a buffet lunch will be available for any who would like at The Forbury , Leominster-prepared by Amy Ormond ( Wootten 1943 ) — and in the afternoon at The Forbury Vicky Archard ( Lloyd 1966 ) , member and past president of the Hereford and Mid-Wales Philatelic Society will give a talk and display on a philatelic theme .
afterwards a buffet lunch will be available for any who would like at the forbury , leominster-prepared by amy ormond ( wootten 1943 ) — and in the afternoon at the forbury vicky archard ( lloyd 1966 ) , member and past president of the hereford and mid-wales philatelic society will give a talk and [show] on a philatelic theme .

Exquisite 19th-century porcelain , popular Staffordshire earthenware and exclusive gold jewellery by Picasso are among the display of treasures in the new gallery on the first floor of the Royal Museum of Scotland .
exquisite 19th-century porcelain , popular staffordshire earthenware and exclusive gold jewellery by picasso are among the [show] of treasures in the new gallery on the first floor of the royal museum of scotland .

It was once used as storage space and curator of European Glass , Ceramics and Furniture says the idea is to provide a straightforward display of things which the public would enjoy looking at .
it was once used as storage space and curator of european glass , ceramics and furniture says the idea is to provide a straightforward [show] of things which the public would enjoy looking at .

In Celtic society elaborate metal objects were often used to display the power of an individual or a tribe .
in celtic society elaborate metal objects were often used to [show] the power of an individual or a tribe .

Adding to the splendour of the Main Hall is a temporary display of platinum jewellery , made by students and graduates of Edinburgh College of Art .
adding to the splendour of the main hall is a temporary [show] of platinum jewellery , made by students and graduates of edinburgh college of art .

The display runs until 23 May .
the [show] runs until 23 may .

Watch out for a display in Chambers Street on Leith Race Prizes .
watch out for a [show] in chambers street on leith race prizes .

This is being sponsored by Scotmid and to coincide with the display there will be horse drawn tours of the High Street , run in conjunction with Scotmid and using one of their working carriages .
this is being sponsored by scotmid and to coincide with the [show] there will be horse drawn tours of the high street , run in conjunction with scotmid and using one of their working carriages .

The spinning wheel display brought to light a number of names of spinning wheel makers , and a list was published in the former Scotland 's Magazine in 1963 ( Vol 59 No 7 ) .
the spinning wheel [show] brought to light a number of names of spinning wheel makers , and a list was published in the former scotland 's magazine in 1963 ( vol 59 no 7 ) .

( 9 ) The Note to Rule 26 stipulates that a copy of each document which is required to be put on display pursuant to that Rule ( see para 11.5 below ) must , on request , promptly be made available by an offeror or the target to the other party and to any competing offeror or potential offeror .
( 9 ) the note to rule 26 stipulates that a copy of each document which is required to be put on [show] pursuant to that rule ( see para 11.5 below ) must , on request , promptly be made available by an offeror or the target to the other party and to any competing offeror or potential offeror .

5.22 Defective premises To give notice to the Landlord of any defect in the Premises which might give rise to an obligation on the Landlord to do or refrain from doing any act or thing in order to comply with the provisions of this Lease or the duty of care imposed on the Landlord pursuant to the Defective Premises Act 1972 or otherwise and at all times to display and maintain all notices which the Landlord may from time to time [ reasonably ] require to be displayed at the Premises The difficulty here is that this covenant could impose an unfair obligation on the tenant and it should therefore be amended as follows : To give notice to the Landlord upon becoming aware of any defect … 5.23 New guarantor Within [ 14 ] days of the death during the Term of any Guarantor or of such person becoming bankrupt or having a receiving order made against him or having a receiver appointed under the Mental Health Act 1983 or being a company passing a resolution to wind up or entering into liquidation or having a receiver appointed to give notice of this to the Landlord and if so required by the Landlord at the expense of the Tenant within [ 28 ] days to procure some other person acceptable to the Landlord [ such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld ] to execute a guarantee in respect of the Tenant 's obligations contained in this Lease in the form of the Guarantor 's covenants contained in this Lease Although this may be perfectly fair and reasonable in that a guarantor 's covenants are expected to last during the period for which they are given , many tenants try to resist this covenant on the basis that it may be extremely difficult for the tenant to produce an alternative guarantor .
5.22 defective premises to give notice to the landlord of any defect in the premises which might give rise to an obligation on the landlord to do or refrain from doing any act or thing in order to comply with the provisions of this lease or the duty of care imposed on the landlord pursuant to the defective premises act 1972 or otherwise and at all times to [show] and maintain all notices which the landlord may from time to time [ reasonably ] require to be displayed at the premises the difficulty here is that this covenant could impose an unfair obligation on the tenant and it should therefore be amended as follows : to give notice to the landlord upon becoming aware of any defect … 5.23 new guarantor within [ 14 ] days of the death during the term of any guarantor or of such person becoming bankrupt or having a receiving order made against him or having a receiver appointed under the mental health act 1983 or being a company passing a resolution to wind up or entering into liquidation or having a receiver appointed to give notice of this to the landlord and if so required by the landlord at the expense of the tenant within [ 28 ] days to procure some other person acceptable to the landlord [ such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld ] to execute a guarantee in respect of the tenant 's obligations contained in this lease in the form of the guarantor 's covenants contained in this lease although this may be perfectly fair and reasonable in that a guarantor 's covenants are expected to last during the period for which they are given , many tenants try to resist this covenant on the basis that it may be extremely difficult for the tenant to produce an alternative guarantor .

In scene three Anderson , in conversation with Hollar , does not display the same degree of assuredness in linguistic performance .
in scene three anderson , in conversation with hollar , does not [show] the same degree of assuredness in linguistic performance .

his display of urbane wit brings about some laughter from McKendrick but it also elicits a sardonic comment which is a valid observation on Anderson 's character .
his [show] of urbane wit brings about some laughter from mckendrick but it also elicits a sardonic comment which is a valid observation on anderson 's character .

The court held that this was a breach of the Convention guarantee of free speech , because it would deter journalists from contributing to public discussions of issues affecting the life of the community : `` The limits of acceptable criticism are wider as regards a politician as such than as regards a private individual … the former inevitably and knowingly lays himself open to close scrutiny of his every word and deed by both journalists and the public at large , and he must consequently display a greater degree of tolerance . ``
the court held that this was a breach of the convention guarantee of free speech , because it would deter journalists from contributing to public discussions of issues affecting the life of the community : `` the limits of acceptable criticism are wider as regards a politician as such than as regards a private individual … the former inevitably and knowingly lays himself open to close scrutiny of his every word and deed by both journalists and the public at large , and he must consequently [show] a greater degree of tolerance . ``

Pausing the Display 2.1.1.3
pausing the [show] 2.1.1.3

The following Escape sequences toggle various display attributes .
the following escape sequences toggle various [show] attributes .

Display Attributes
[show] attributes

To avoid having to remember the current state of the display , the attributes may be set explicitly by prefixing the control byte by a parameter count of 50 ( the character " 2 " ) and 43 ( " + " ) for " on " a 45 ( " - " ) for " off " .
to avoid having to remember the current state of the [show] , the attributes may be set explicitly by prefixing the control byte by a parameter count of 50 ( the character " 2 " ) and 43 ( " + " ) for " on " a 45 ( " - " ) for " off " .

Cancelling Display Attributes 5.4.4.1
cancelling [show] attributes 5.4.4.1

Changing Display Attributes 5.4.4.2
changing [show] attributes 5.4.4.2

She seated herself at the desk , relocated a floral display and smiled as the first patient walked into the room .
she seated herself at the desk , relocated a floral [show] and smiled as the first patient walked into the room .

So that explained the display of bad temper .
so that explained the [show] of bad temper .

She had n't actually intended to go in , but the window display caught her eye and , without thinking , she wandered in , to look , certainly not to buy , until she realised with a pang of guilt , as she gazed at the racks of colourful fashions , that everything in her wardrobe must be hopelessly out of date .
she had n't actually intended to go in , but the window [show] caught her eye and , without thinking , she wandered in , to look , certainly not to buy , until she realised with a pang of guilt , as she gazed at the racks of colourful fashions , that everything in her wardrobe must be hopelessly out of date .

‘ You talk about other people being irresponsible ! ’ she accused him , taking refuge from her confused feelings in a display of outrage . ‘ That was irresponsible in the extreme ! ’
‘ you talk about other people being irresponsible ! ’ she accused him , taking refuge from her confused feelings in a [show] of outrage . ‘ that was irresponsible in the extreme ! ’

Instead , she felt frozen by a sense of desolation that she would never be on the receiving end of such a display of warmth from Guido .
instead , she felt frozen by a sense of desolation that she would never be on the receiving end of such a [show] of warmth from guido .

1 ] Create/Edit a page 2 ] Display a page 3 ] Display the directory 4 ] End the program Select an option When option 1 is selected , the user is shown a blank page on to which text and graphics can be entered .
1 ] create/edit a page 2 ] [show] a page 3 ] [show] the directory 4 ] end the program select an option when option 1 is selected , the user is shown a blank page on to which text and graphics can be entered .

Figure 4.5 : Screen display for entering records
figure 4.5 : screen [show] for entering records

The teacher thus : added to the information she already had became aware of a different information source learned how to use that source used the source to present information in a different way and the class : also became aware of the information source responded actively to the on-screen presentation of statistical material could all use the material at the same time manipulated the material easily , moving to and from different parts of the database as they thought appropriate to support their arguments The viewdata presentation therefore : allowed ease of display and manipulation of information in a way in which a chalkboard , flip chart or handout could not and became a kind of electronic chalkboard provided a catalyst for discussion of subject matter related easily the subject matter to the students ' own geographical and social environment encouraged the development of oral discussion based on evidence inferred from information rather than expressed , but unsupported , opinion
the teacher thus : added to the information she already had became aware of a different information source learned how to use that source used the source to present information in a different way and the class : also became aware of the information source responded actively to the on-screen presentation of statistical material could all use the material at the same time manipulated the material easily , moving to and from different parts of the database as they thought appropriate to support their arguments the viewdata presentation therefore : allowed ease of [show] and manipulation of information in a way in which a chalkboard , flip chart or handout could not and became a kind of electronic chalkboard provided a catalyst for discussion of subject matter related easily the subject matter to the students ' own geographical and social environment encouraged the development of oral discussion based on evidence inferred from information rather than expressed , but unsupported , opinion

There was such masculine bewilderment in his deep voice at the unexpected display of emotion that Fran smiled .
there was such masculine bewilderment in his deep voice at the unexpected [show] of emotion that fran smiled .

Wearing a pair of slim , immaculately cut navy blue trousers , topped by a short-sleeved shirt of the same colour , open at the neck to display the strong column of his throat , Ross 's powerful frame exuded such an air of raw , vibrant masculinity that she felt suddenly breathless , almost unable to prevent her knees from trembling violently beneath the skirt of her pale aquamarine dress .
wearing a pair of slim , immaculately cut navy blue trousers , topped by a short-sleeved shirt of the same colour , open at the neck to [show] the strong column of his throat , ross 's powerful frame exuded such an air of raw , vibrant masculinity that she felt suddenly breathless , almost unable to prevent her knees from trembling violently beneath the skirt of her pale aquamarine dress .

It was up to her to get herself and the twins out of here , back to the safety of their apartment — and clearly any display of outrage or temperament was only going to delay matters .
it was up to her to get herself and the twins out of here , back to the safety of their apartment — and clearly any [show] of outrage or temperament was only going to delay matters .

Entertainment would come in the form of the funfair , races and sports for the children , sideshows and tents packed with crafts and fancy merchandise , pleasure flights in light aircraft taking off from the company runway , and then , much later in the evening , the grand firework display that would wind up the day 's events .
entertainment would come in the form of the funfair , races and sports for the children , sideshows and tents packed with crafts and fancy merchandise , pleasure flights in light aircraft taking off from the company runway , and then , much later in the evening , the grand firework [show] that would wind up the day 's events .

Rachel had imagined that the accident would put paid to Family Day and that the other activities , including the firework display , would be cancelled , but within the hour a message came through from the hospital from Sir Anthony to say that , because miraculously there had been no fatalities , with even the pilot surviving his injuries , it was his express wish that the Family Day celebration should continue .
rachel had imagined that the accident would put paid to family day and that the other activities , including the firework [show] , would be cancelled , but within the hour a message came through from the hospital from sir anthony to say that , because miraculously there had been no fatalities , with even the pilot surviving his injuries , it was his express wish that the family day celebration should continue .

Close-up of a portion of the former display building , with Kermit 's beloved Boeing 100 in the foreground .
close-up of a portion of the former [show] building , with kermit 's beloved boeing 100 in the foreground .

On completion the project would go on display at Burns garage for a while and then be used to try and generate more interest in aviation in the area .
on completion the project would go on [show] at burns garage for a while and then be used to try and generate more interest in aviation in the area .

Plans for the completed Flea are to use it to generate as much interest as possible , through the local papers and when it is first on display at the Burns garage .
plans for the completed flea are to use it to generate as much interest as possible , through the local papers and when it is first on [show] at the burns garage .

Performing a rip-roaring display over their home base were the Crunchie Flying Circus , with guest wing-walker Simon Ward .
performing a rip-roaring [show] over their home base were the crunchie flying circus , with guest wing-walker simon ward .

Advertisement means any word , letter , model , sign , placard , board , notice , device or representation , whether illuminated or not , in the nature of , and employed wholly or partly for the purposes of , advertisement , announcement or direction ( excluding any such thing employed wholly as a memorial or as a railway signal ) , and … includes any hoarding or similar structure or any balloon used , or adapted for use , for the display of advertisements …
advertisement means any word , letter , model , sign , placard , board , notice , device or representation , whether illuminated or not , in the nature of , and employed wholly or partly for the purposes of , advertisement , announcement or direction ( excluding any such thing employed wholly as a memorial or as a railway signal ) , and … includes any hoarding or similar structure or any balloon used , or adapted for use , for the [show] of advertisements …

When they do use bricks here , they paint them brick red so you will know they are bricks , then they stick them on to the front outside walls as an ornamental display .
when they do use bricks here , they paint them brick red so you will know they are bricks , then they stick them on to the front outside walls as an ornamental [show] .

When confronted with the large body of unknown work they saw in 1923 ( the brochure stated that ninety pieces on display had never been shown before ) , critics were obviously perplexed , and they sought its meaning , especially the meaning of O'Keeffe 's abstractions , in the fact that the artist was a moan .
when confronted with the large body of unknown work they saw in 1923 ( the brochure stated that ninety pieces on [show] had never been shown before ) , critics were obviously perplexed , and they sought its meaning , especially the meaning of o'keeffe 's abstractions , in the fact that the artist was a moan .

Such ideas , however , were not based entirely on the critics ' response to what was on display ; rather , they derived from opinions about O'Keeffe and her art that had been formulated by Stieglitz and his circle of friends and published before 1923 .
such ideas , however , were not based entirely on the critics ' response to what was on [show] ; rather , they derived from opinions about o'keeffe and her art that had been formulated by stieglitz and his circle of friends and published before 1923 .

Or perhaps more accurately , the designed object is validated as museum display through the discourse of design history .
or perhaps more accurately , the designed object is validated as museum [show] through the discourse of design history .

This curatorial self-consciousness is not only symptomatic of current museological debates but also evidence of the fact that exhibition and gallery display is not solely the concern of the museum professional .
this curatorial self-consciousness is not only symptomatic of current museological debates but also evidence of the fact that exhibition and gallery [show] is not solely the concern of the museum professional .

The gallery 's final display , ‘ Design Now ’ , is positioned as the climax of the preceding chronological sequence .
the gallery 's final [show] , ‘ design now ’ , is positioned as the climax of the preceding chronological sequence .

Another question concerning display arises in connection with the following caption : ‘ otherness was a significant element in the style now labelled Art Deco ’ .
another question concerning [show] arises in connection with the following caption : ‘ otherness was a significant element in the style now labelled art deco ’ .

Perhaps such abbreviations of thought are inevitable in the limited space available for text on a display label .
perhaps such abbreviations of thought are inevitable in the limited space available for text on a [show] label .

Billed as ‘ the most comprehensive display in Britain of the vast range of designed consumer and household products made in this century ’ , the 20th Century Gallery is an elegantly preserved and rich collection which will no doubt be extensively used by a variety of audiences .
billed as ‘ the most comprehensive [show] in britain of the vast range of designed consumer and household products made in this century ’ , the 20th century gallery is an elegantly preserved and rich collection which will no doubt be extensively used by a variety of audiences .

As attested by the now considerable literature on museology , debates concerning strategies of display and the production of history have as much to do with empowerment outside as inside the museum .
as attested by the now considerable literature on museology , debates concerning strategies of [show] and the production of history have as much to do with empowerment outside as inside the museum .

The logic of embroidery/stitch , as a historically bounded category , might tell us , for instance , that it is a decorative/representational/ultilarian/ceremonial form ; it employs particular materials , which are soft ( cloth , thread ) ; it employs particular techniques ( stitch ) ; and should display evidence of skill .
the logic of embroidery/stitch , as a historically bounded category , might tell us , for instance , that it is a decorative/representational/ultilarian/ceremonial form ; it employs particular materials , which are soft ( cloth , thread ) ; it employs particular techniques ( stitch ) ; and should [show] evidence of skill .

It covers similar material , ‘ in synopsis ’ , via items in small display cases accompanied by text .
it covers similar material , ‘ in synopsis ’ , via items in small [show] cases accompanied by text .

Two , three a whole display of them .
two , three a whole [show] of them .

The Torygraph gave us the usual shite report of the game — it did however comment on the poor state of the pitch and also get Sgt Wilko to display his disgust on it 's current state .
the torygraph gave us the usual shite report of the game — it did however comment on the poor state of the pitch and also get sgt wilko to [show] his disgust on it 's current state .

The Torygraph gave us the usual shite report of the game — it did however comment on the poor state of the pitch and also get Sgt Wilko to display his disgust on it 's current state .
the torygraph gave us the usual shite report of the game — it did however comment on the poor state of the pitch and also get sgt wilko to [show] his disgust on it 's current state .

( Such species also have social systems in which males spend almost all their time at display grounds while the females spend almost all of theirs performing nesting duties singlehanded . )
( such species also have social systems in which males spend almost all their time at [show] grounds while the females spend almost all of theirs performing nesting duties singlehanded . )

The scents are possibly modified to pheromones in mating , for bees carrying scent apparently attract other males , so that about five display together whereupon the female chooses her mate .
the scents are possibly modified to pheromones in mating , for bees carrying scent apparently attract other males , so that about five [show] together whereupon the female chooses her mate .

Campra 's cantatas have been shown to display the influence of the French lyric theatre more than those of any of his colleagues .
campra 's cantatas have been shown to [show] the influence of the french lyric theatre more than those of any of his colleagues .

The key schemes in Campra 's first book ( 1708 ) display a very different aesthetic ( table 2 ) .
the key schemes in campra 's first book ( 1708 ) [show] a very different aesthetic ( table 2 ) .

With confused feelings , she smiled back , but she found herself staring in what she realised must seem a naïve display of stunned surprise .
with confused feelings , she smiled back , but she found herself staring in what she realised must seem a naïve [show] of stunned surprise .

When she hesitated , hardly knowing what to say , he tipped the scales by proposing briskly , ‘ Perhaps we should get down to business . Would you care to see the items to be put on display ? ’
when she hesitated , hardly knowing what to say , he tipped the scales by proposing briskly , ‘ perhaps we should get down to business . would you care to see the items to be put on [show] ? ’

The bath water was brownish , but wonderfully soothing to her quite remarkable display of bruises .
the bath water was brownish , but wonderfully soothing to her quite remarkable [show] of bruises .

’ Juliet looked up sharply from a display of pot plants , and was disconcerted by the rush of colour to her cheeks .
’ juliet looked up sharply from a [show] of pot plants , and was disconcerted by the rush of colour to her cheeks .

When they boarded the glittering red , gold and green floating restaurant , the maître d ’ took them down to the fresh fish display in the base .
when they boarded the glittering red , gold and green floating restaurant , the maître d ’ took them down to the fresh fish [show] in the base .

’ and felt him strip , the feel of his hair-roughened skin against hers driving her wild because now he was so real , so completely real , and so completely hers as they moved together naked , and she took the physical desire he expressed for her and pretended it was love , because it was the deepest display of emotion he had ever shown her .
’ and felt him strip , the feel of his hair-roughened skin against hers driving her wild because now he was so real , so completely real , and so completely hers as they moved together naked , and she took the physical desire he expressed for her and pretended it was love , because it was the deepest [show] of emotion he had ever shown her .

By then it was getting on for lunchtime but , sauntering through the colonnade , she could n't resist first climbing a flight of stairs to take a look at some of the splendid Bohemian glassware on display .
by then it was getting on for lunchtime but , sauntering through the colonnade , she could n't resist first climbing a flight of stairs to take a look at some of the splendid bohemian glassware on [show] .

There was a rose garden to wander around , though as yet no sign of blossom but an indication from the many rose bushes that at some time there would be a most beautiful display .
there was a rose garden to wander around , though as yet no sign of blossom but an indication from the many rose bushes that at some time there would be a most beautiful [show] .

‘ Which no doubt accounts for the ease you display in dealing with the public , ’ he said .
‘ which no doubt accounts for the ease you [show] in dealing with the public , ’ he said .

Afraid that Candy 's probing blue eyes would be able to read far too much in her own features , Rory kept her face averted , taking great pains to straighten a bottle in the already immaculate display in the club 's main bar .
afraid that candy 's probing blue eyes would be able to read far too much in her own features , rory kept her face averted , taking great pains to straighten a bottle in the already immaculate [show] in the club 's main bar .

They just stood watching a fireworks display across the bridge at the Expo .
they just stood watching a fireworks [show] across the bridge at the expo .

There was so much noise around them , children screaming with excitement as a fireworks display exploded across the bay .
there was so much noise around them , children screaming with excitement as a fireworks [show] exploded across the bay .

‘ And the body beneath , which you display to such obvious advantage .
‘ and the body beneath , which you [show] to such obvious advantage .

‘ Or do you , perhaps , get your pleasure at a distance , by putting your sexuality on display and then treating a man who reacts to it as if he were a leper ? ’
‘ or do you , perhaps , get your pleasure at a distance , by putting your sexuality on [show] and then treating a man who reacts to it as if he were a leper ? ’

‘ The only vulgar display that took place tonight was yours , ’ Caroline snapped . ‘ You have one hell of a nerve , making me look — ’
‘ the only vulgar [show] that took place tonight was yours , ’ caroline snapped . ‘ you have one hell of a nerve , making me look — ’

It was n't until she had returned to the lounge after washing-up that she had discovered that the door of the glass display cabinet was swinging open .
it was n't until she had returned to the lounge after washing-up that she had discovered that the door of the glass [show] cabinet was swinging open .

She had been here four days now , and , true to his word , Jonas had said nothing about Travis or the jade , which now stood in its rightful place in the display cabinet .
she had been here four days now , and , true to his word , jonas had said nothing about travis or the jade , which now stood in its rightful place in the [show] cabinet .

After hastily tidying her display shelves , Ashley continued to paint , but no one appeared .
after hastily tidying her [show] shelves , ashley continued to paint , but no one appeared .

Each hardware advance has dramatically improved processing , storage , and display capabilities of equipment , but new systems continue to leave behind earlier ones .
each hardware advance has dramatically improved processing , storage , and [show] capabilities of equipment , but new systems continue to leave behind earlier ones .

‘ For example , while concepts relating to the forms , design , and control of paper documents may be used to assist in the design and control of input and display screens in a computer system , management of underlying information may require a radically different approach .
‘ for example , while concepts relating to the forms , design , and control of paper documents may be used to assist in the design and control of input and [show] screens in a computer system , management of underlying information may require a radically different approach .

But then there was also the ingenue , a young girl with all the sparkle of a Guy Fawkes night fireworks display , who appeared in one scene in a straw boater and what looked very like a parson 's dog collar and had everyone in the audience drooling — just as they had on Broadway where in New Faces she had had her break a few months before .
but then there was also the ingenue , a young girl with all the sparkle of a guy fawkes night fireworks [show] , who appeared in one scene in a straw boater and what looked very like a parson 's dog collar and had everyone in the audience drooling — just as they had on broadway where in new faces she had had her break a few months before .

The solitary figure in private life contrasted with the man he describes as giving a ‘ firework display ’ in public .
the solitary figure in private life contrasted with the man he describes as giving a ‘ firework [show] ’ in public .

12.1 You will mark all hazardous goods with international danger symbols where they exist , and display the name of the material in English .
12.1 you will mark all hazardous goods with international danger symbols where they exist , and [show] the name of the material in english .

This chapter considers the use of expert determination in : ( 1 ) energy and mining contracts ( 7.2 ) ; ( 2 ) shipbuilding contracts ( 7.3 ) ; ( 3 ) construction contracts ( 7.4 ) ; ( 4 ) computer contracts ( 7.5 ) ; which display the following features discussed in Chapter 6 : ( 5 ) the use of technical experts drawing on expertise not directly associated with valuation ; ( 6 ) the use of technical experts to act as general dispute resolvers ; and ( 7 ) the use of " two-tier " dispute resolution procedures .
this chapter considers the use of expert determination in : ( 1 ) energy and mining contracts ( 7.2 ) ; ( 2 ) shipbuilding contracts ( 7.3 ) ; ( 3 ) construction contracts ( 7.4 ) ; ( 4 ) computer contracts ( 7.5 ) ; which [show] the following features discussed in chapter 6 : ( 5 ) the use of technical experts drawing on expertise not directly associated with valuation ; ( 6 ) the use of technical experts to act as general dispute resolvers ; and ( 7 ) the use of " two-tier " dispute resolution procedures .

If further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . Example 2:13 Right to display advertisement permitted by regulations The right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the Town and Country Planning ( Control of Advertisements ) Regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof Example 2:14 Right to display advertisement in prescribed form The right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord
if further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window [show] ) . example 2:13 right to [show] advertisement permitted by regulations the right to [show] in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the town and country planning ( control of advertisements ) regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof example 2:14 right to [show] advertisement in prescribed form the right to [show] on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to [show] the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord

The ban on sale or display is backed by tough penalties , including a heavy fine and up to three years ' imprisonment .
the ban on sale or [show] is backed by tough penalties , including a heavy fine and up to three years ' imprisonment .

Using a dynamic visual display of the entire working area of the machine tools including the workpieces , the fixtures , the cutting tool and its position , the skilled craftsmen can directly in-put the desired tool motions to machine the workpiece in the display .
using a dynamic visual [show] of the entire working area of the machine tools including the workpieces , the fixtures , the cutting tool and its position , the skilled craftsmen can directly in-put the desired tool motions to machine the workpiece in the [show] .

Though there is little experience of overall trade union influence over change , the health and welfare aspects of `` new technology `` have frequently been covered by written technology agreements , in particular the design and operation of visual display units .
though there is little experience of overall trade union influence over change , the health and welfare aspects of `` new technology `` have frequently been covered by written technology agreements , in particular the design and operation of visual [show] units .

While foot-based metre ( s ) do display promotion , they are typically `` heavier `` lines , and such heaviness shows itself in the high degree of demotion ( e.g .
while foot-based metre ( s ) do [show] promotion , they are typically `` heavier `` lines , and such heaviness shows itself in the high degree of demotion ( e.g .

However there remains a distinction between claiming that undergraduates don `` t display alternative points of view , and claiming that they can `` t do so .
however there remains a distinction between claiming that undergraduates don `` t [show] alternative points of view , and claiming that they can `` t do so .

The museum houses an informative display of stones , with some of the engraved patterns picked out in colour by the American artist Marianna Lines , who has tried to achieve authentic hues by using natural pigment dyes .
the museum houses an informative [show] of stones , with some of the engraved patterns picked out in colour by the american artist marianna lines , who has tried to achieve authentic hues by using natural pigment dyes .

Regular exhibitions , including permanent display of tartans and clan insignia .
regular exhibitions , including permanent [show] of tartans and clan insignia .

At Walkerburn , a few miles along the river from Peebles , a mill shop and wool museum display all the processes of shearing , cleaning , spinning , carding , dyeing and weaving .
at walkerburn , a few miles along the river from peebles , a mill shop and wool museum [show] all the processes of shearing , cleaning , spinning , carding , dyeing and weaving .

Situated in The Old Library , a magnificent Victorian building right in the heart of the city , the shop offers a spectacular display of some of the finest crafts made by Welsh artists .
situated in the old library , a magnificent victorian building right in the heart of the city , the shop offers a spectacular [show] of some of the finest crafts made by welsh artists .

The display changes every month , so there 's always something new to see .
the [show] changes every month , so there 's always something new to see .

Many extinct species of animals , Beaver , Lynx and European Bison are on display
many extinct species of animals , beaver , lynx and european bison are on [show]

The display of shells and butterflies from Wales and the rest of the world is complimented by a children 's Quiz
the [show] of shells and butterflies from wales and the rest of the world is complimented by a children 's quiz

There is a display on the agricultural history of Ynys Hywel and information on the special events and courses planned for the year .
there is a [show] on the agricultural history of ynys hywel and information on the special events and courses planned for the year .

The various types of engines which allowed heavy industries in Wales to develop are on display .
the various types of engines which allowed heavy industries in wales to develop are on [show] .

In 1993 , six new galleries in the centre block will be open for the display of nineteenth century French art ( some already shown ) and our growing collection of contemporary art .
in 1993 , six new galleries in the centre block will be open for the [show] of nineteenth century french art ( some already shown ) and our growing collection of contemporary art .

When the galleries in the Courtyard development are completed a systematic display of modern art will be possible .
when the galleries in the courtyard development are completed a systematic [show] of modern art will be possible .

Many fascinating discoveries are on display :
many fascinating discoveries are on [show] :

Display of Civil War arms and armour
[show] of civil war arms and armour

The workshop complex was built in 1870 and original equipment is on display throughout the former working area .
the workshop complex was built in 1870 and original equipment is on [show] throughout the former working area .

On one occasion , when Sarah Bernhardt was the guest of honour at a Savoy dinner , he cooked the greater part of the meal at a side table under her very eyes ; his carving of the duck was a flamboyant display of swordsmanship ; when asked if he ever went to the theatre he replied that he would rather see six gourmets eating a perfectly cooked meal than watch the finest performance of Bernhardt or of Coquelin .
on one occasion , when sarah bernhardt was the guest of honour at a savoy dinner , he cooked the greater part of the meal at a side table under her very eyes ; his carving of the duck was a flamboyant [show] of swordsmanship ; when asked if he ever went to the theatre he replied that he would rather see six gourmets eating a perfectly cooked meal than watch the finest performance of bernhardt or of coquelin .

The petite marmite , the pot au feu , the croûte au pot were made with rich beef , veal and chicken stock ; the fillets of sole were invariably cooked with truffles and cream or with mushrooms and lobster sauce , with artichoke hearts or with white wine and grapes ; noisettes d'agneau , from the finest baby lamb , made such frequent appearances on the menu that one wonders how any sheep has survived ; the chicken was stuffed with a mousse de foie gras ; the little birds which followed — quail , ortolan or snipe — were again presented with truffles ; asparagus , in and out of season , were always accompanied by hollandaise sauce ; and the bombe glacée , indispensable , it seems , to a good dinner , was the signal for all the display of which the confectionery chef was capable .
the petite marmite , the pot au feu , the croûte au pot were made with rich beef , veal and chicken stock ; the fillets of sole were invariably cooked with truffles and cream or with mushrooms and lobster sauce , with artichoke hearts or with white wine and grapes ; noisettes d'agneau , from the finest baby lamb , made such frequent appearances on the menu that one wonders how any sheep has survived ; the chicken was stuffed with a mousse de foie gras ; the little birds which followed — quail , ortolan or snipe — were again presented with truffles ; asparagus , in and out of season , were always accompanied by hollandaise sauce ; and the bombe glacée , indispensable , it seems , to a good dinner , was the signal for all the [show] of which the confectionery chef was capable .

Where do they get their astonishing gifts for display , these French stall keepers ? Why does a barrow boy selling bunched radishes and salad greens in the market at Chinon know by instinct so to arrange his produce that he has created a little spectacle as fresh and gay as a Dufy painting , and you are at once convinced that unless you taste some of his radishes you will be missing an experience which seems of more urgency than a visit to the Chateau of Chinon ? How has a Montpellier fishwife so mastered the art of composition that with her basket of fish for the bouillabaisse she is presenting a picture of such splendour that instead of going to look at the famous collection of paintings in the Musée Fabre you drive off as fast as possible to the coast to order a dish cooked with just such fish ? And what can there be about the arrangement of a few slices of sausage and a dozen black olives on a dish brought by the waitress in the seaside café to keep you occupied while your fish is cooking that makes you feel that this is the first time you have seen and tasted a black olive and a piece of sausage ?
where do they get their astonishing gifts for [show] , these french stall keepers ? why does a barrow boy selling bunched radishes and salad greens in the market at chinon know by instinct so to arrange his produce that he has created a little spectacle as fresh and gay as a dufy painting , and you are at once convinced that unless you taste some of his radishes you will be missing an experience which seems of more urgency than a visit to the chateau of chinon ? how has a montpellier fishwife so mastered the art of composition that with her basket of fish for the bouillabaisse she is presenting a picture of such splendour that instead of going to look at the famous collection of paintings in the musée fabre you drive off as fast as possible to the coast to order a dish cooked with just such fish ? and what can there be about the arrangement of a few slices of sausage and a dozen black olives on a dish brought by the waitress in the seaside café to keep you occupied while your fish is cooking that makes you feel that this is the first time you have seen and tasted a black olive and a piece of sausage ?

Even gentlemen who did not normally display interest in babies sent anxiously to inquire about its progress .
even gentlemen who did not normally [show] interest in babies sent anxiously to inquire about its progress .

When they want to warm themselves in front of a fire they are not ashamed to lift up their kilts and display their private parts .
when they want to warm themselves in front of a fire they are not ashamed to lift up their kilts and [show] their private parts .

In particular , it suggests that many of the explanations which children produce at school will be produced in response to the teacher 's test questions , and so will serve to display rather than transmit knowledge .
in particular , it suggests that many of the explanations which children produce at school will be produced in response to the teacher 's test questions , and so will serve to [show] rather than transmit knowledge .

He did apparently display signs of hypochondria , however — Herbert Read remembered how he was `` addicted to pills and potions `` and , according to another friend , he kept a variety of pills in his lower waistcoat pocket — but hypochondria , if such it was , was only one aspect of a larger nervous disposition .
he did apparently [show] signs of hypochondria , however — herbert read remembered how he was `` addicted to pills and potions `` and , according to another friend , he kept a variety of pills in his lower waistcoat pocket — but hypochondria , if such it was , was only one aspect of a larger nervous disposition .

The British press continued to display a discretion which was a remarkable tribute to the influence of the Palace as an institution with the ‘ respectable ’ proprietors , and of the King himself with Rothermere and Beaverbrook .
the british press continued to [show] a discretion which was a remarkable tribute to the influence of the palace as an institution with the ‘ respectable ’ proprietors , and of the king himself with rothermere and beaverbrook .

One of the moments which remained most strongly in her memory took place in the town 's most learned book shop , a charming building that dated , almost alone in the town , from a pre-industrial epoch ; it was tall , and narrow , and its windows Were so small that it could display only ten books at a time , and those ten were changed but once a month .
one of the moments which remained most strongly in her memory took place in the town 's most learned book shop , a charming building that dated , almost alone in the town , from a pre-industrial epoch ; it was tall , and narrow , and its windows were so small that it could [show] only ten books at a time , and those ten were changed but once a month .

All the other girls had at least a best dress , and some of them were burningly anxious to display clothes bought by extravagant parents especially for the occasion .
all the other girls had at least a best dress , and some of them were burningly anxious to [show] clothes bought by extravagant parents especially for the occasion .

And she said it with such pride and such display that Clara did not feel at all obliged to conceal the amazement and delight that she felt , as she might , if confronted with a more worldly modesty , have done : for Clelia 's manner declared , this is singular this is beautiful , this may legitimately amaze , you betray no innocence in admiring this .
and she said it with such pride and such [show] that clara did not feel at all obliged to conceal the amazement and delight that she felt , as she might , if confronted with a more worldly modesty , have done : for clelia 's manner declared , this is singular this is beautiful , this may legitimately amaze , you betray no innocence in admiring this .

She paused in front of Barnes and Noble and pretended to look at the book display in the window .
she paused in front of barnes and noble and pretended to look at the book [show] in the window .

However heartfelt this gesture may have been and even though all the lodges did not display the sign , do the people of Ulster not realize that the Dublin government is interfering in the affairs of our beloved Nation .
however heartfelt this gesture may have been and even though all the lodges did not [show] the sign , do the people of ulster not realize that the dublin government is interfering in the affairs of our beloved nation .

The epithets `` naughty `` and `` dirty `` arise , perhaps reinforcing terms used at an earlier stage as regards the eliminatory functions or inadvertent sexual display .
the epithets `` naughty `` and `` dirty `` arise , perhaps reinforcing terms used at an earlier stage as regards the eliminatory functions or inadvertent sexual [show] .

Some people , however , obtain their main sexual pleasure — to the point of orgasm — from displaying themselves thus ; and , as is well-known , may gain intense satisfaction from forcing this display upon some unwilling individual .
some people , however , obtain their main sexual pleasure — to the point of orgasm — from displaying themselves thus ; and , as is well-known , may gain intense satisfaction from forcing this [show] upon some unwilling individual .

Some differentiation must be made , however , between furtive and `` accidental `` display , even of the sexual organs , and the deliberate assault of `` flashing `` .
some differentiation must be made , however , between furtive and `` accidental `` [show] , even of the sexual organs , and the deliberate assault of `` flashing `` .

It is full of syntactic parallelism and other kinds of schematic patterning , as the following display shows :
it is full of syntactic parallelism and other kinds of schematic patterning , as the following [show] shows :

The shelf display is supplemented by an indexing system flexibly organized to allow for a variety of approaches , to lead the enquirer to the right `` shelf address `` and to remedy any deficiencies in the system for particular types of user .
the shelf [show] is supplemented by an indexing system flexibly organized to allow for a variety of approaches , to lead the enquirer to the right `` shelf address `` and to remedy any deficiencies in the system for particular types of user .

The `` new `` classification schemes offered the possibility of flexible display in a one-dimensional sequence ( i.e .
the `` new `` classification schemes offered the possibility of flexible [show] in a one-dimensional sequence ( i.e .

There can be no doubt `` according to one academic authority `` that [ he ] displays a highly sophisticated grasp `` of the working of the system `` .3 On the contrary : there can be very great doubt whether voters in general , in Ireland or elsewhere , are competent to display `` a highly sophisticated grasp `` of anything at all .
there can be no doubt `` according to one academic authority `` that [ he ] displays a highly sophisticated grasp `` of the working of the system `` .3 on the contrary : there can be very great doubt whether voters in general , in ireland or elsewhere , are competent to [show] `` a highly sophisticated grasp `` of anything at all .

He 's looking to see whether his company 's products are on display , whether or not people notice them , buy them .
he 's looking to see whether his company 's products are on [show] , whether or not people notice them , buy them .

In 1897 a permanent site for British works of art was established as the National Gallery of Modern Art ( Tate Gallery ) at Millbank , London , to display as well as preserve approved works of visual art .
in 1897 a permanent site for british works of art was established as the national gallery of modern art ( tate gallery ) at millbank , london , to [show] as well as preserve approved works of visual art .

Elsewhere , Morley commends those critical qualities of sanity and reasonableness which , without recourse to any `` fireworks or display `` , ensure that `` the unbroken line of development in English literature is … convincingly exhibited to the unbeliever .
elsewhere , morley commends those critical qualities of sanity and reasonableness which , without recourse to any `` fireworks or [show] `` , ensure that `` the unbroken line of development in english literature is … convincingly exhibited to the unbeliever .

When the enemy is shown as a non-person , non-existent , the result is to display a general scorn for human life .
when the enemy is shown as a non-person , non-existent , the result is to [show] a general scorn for human life .

There are four menus : options , colours , game and display .
there are four menus : options , colours , game and [show] .

Display Menu
[show] menu

Screen display
screen [show]

Icon display — displays currently selected icon , funnily enough !
icon [show] — displays currently selected icon , funnily enough !

All works of art have the inalienable right to remain in their original abode rather than being shipped around the world for display .
all works of art have the inalienable right to remain in their original abode rather than being shipped around the world for [show] .

Early works , like the tomb of Ilaria or the Trenta altar , display an uncanny ability to keep Gothic and Renaissance elements in balance , but Jacopo della Quercia 's gifts found a perfect statement in relief sculpture , from the Fonte Gaia of his middle years to the main portal of San Petronio , on which he worked intermittently from 1425 until his death in 1438 .
early works , like the tomb of ilaria or the trenta altar , [show] an uncanny ability to keep gothic and renaissance elements in balance , but jacopo della quercia 's gifts found a perfect statement in relief sculpture , from the fonte gaia of his middle years to the main portal of san petronio , on which he worked intermittently from 1425 until his death in 1438 .

The concept of grandiose municipal display can no longer be accepted ; doubts have even been cast on the Balkerne Gate at Colchester , long regarded as ‘ the largest monument of its kind in Britain , unmatched in size and preservation … ’ It is now seen as a gate built onto a free-standing monumental arch .
the concept of grandiose municipal [show] can no longer be accepted ; doubts have even been cast on the balkerne gate at colchester , long regarded as ‘ the largest monument of its kind in britain , unmatched in size and preservation … ’ it is now seen as a gate built onto a free-standing monumental arch .

However , associated with the festivals were great fairs attracting traders from afar to display their wares .
however , associated with the festivals were great fairs attracting traders from afar to [show] their wares .

Some 150 representatives of 18 communication organisations gathered in the town of Fusagasugá , 60 kms south-west of Bogotá , to make music , perform drama , and display videos , photographs and other works of art .
some 150 representatives of 18 communication organisations gathered in the town of fusagasugá , 60 kms south-west of bogotá , to make music , perform drama , and [show] videos , photographs and other works of art .

The gallery 's present director , Nicholas Serota , is facing up to the fact that today , excluding the Turners , only one-fifth of the collections can be on display at any time .
the gallery 's present director , nicholas serota , is facing up to the fact that today , excluding the turners , only one-fifth of the collections can be on [show] at any time .

On the modern side , more space would enable the gallery to keep more of its classics permanently on display the Rothko room and the gallery 's strong holdings of Abstract Expressionists , for example although the present policy of regularly rehanging pictures in different contexts would continue .
on the modern side , more space would enable the gallery to keep more of its classics permanently on [show] the rothko room and the gallery 's strong holdings of abstract expressionists , for example although the present policy of regularly rehanging pictures in different contexts would continue .

These carvings have been off display for many years as it was discovered that atmospheric pollution , even within the museum , was eating away at the stone .
these carvings have been off [show] for many years as it was discovered that atmospheric pollution , even within the museum , was eating away at the stone .

Asahi Shimbun newspapers have paid for a new , environmentally controlled area to be constructed for their display .
asahi shimbun newspapers have paid for a new , environmentally controlled area to be constructed for their [show] .

Recommendations have been made for the legalisation and declassification of items formerly kept secret ; for their cataloguing ; their display on exhibition and the calculation of losses incurred by both parties .
recommendations have been made for the legalisation and declassification of items formerly kept secret ; for their cataloguing ; their [show] on exhibition and the calculation of losses incurred by both parties .

In the meanwhile , more than 130 works from the Bremen Old Master drawings collection , also removed to the Soviet Union at the end of the war , are scheduled to go on display at the Hermitage , St Petersburg , on 18 November .
in the meanwhile , more than 130 works from the bremen old master drawings collection , also removed to the soviet union at the end of the war , are scheduled to go on [show] at the hermitage , st petersburg , on 18 november .

The present exhibition will take place in the new Lower Gallery which has been specially designed for the display of drawings .
the present exhibition will take place in the new lower gallery which has been specially designed for the [show] of drawings .

They include Dittborn , Porter , Molinas-Campos , Rojas , Caldas , Senise and Jaar , whose works were recently on display in Seville .
they include dittborn , porter , molinas-campos , rojas , caldas , senise and jaar , whose works were recently on [show] in seville .

The series ' existence has hitherto only been known to people who visited the late Dollie de Rothschild 's ( died 1988 ) private house in London , but her heir Lord Rothschild has decided that they should go on display next year in Waddesdon Manor , the house she gave to the National Trust during her lifetime .
the series ' existence has hitherto only been known to people who visited the late dollie de rothschild 's ( died 1988 ) private house in london , but her heir lord rothschild has decided that they should go on [show] next year in waddesdon manor , the house she gave to the national trust during her lifetime .

Old Master dealers Colnaghi , present for the first time , contributed to the outstanding quality of the paintings on display while specialist fields such as Art Deco , Chinese art , old books and porcelain were all represented by leading dealers and top goods .
old master dealers colnaghi , present for the first time , contributed to the outstanding quality of the paintings on [show] while specialist fields such as art deco , chinese art , old books and porcelain were all represented by leading dealers and top goods .

Underlining the importance of the occasion , Leslie Waddington has made available both his corner space and his main gallery , usually reserved for a changing display of the dealer 's stock of modern masterpieces .
underlining the importance of the occasion , leslie waddington has made available both his corner space and his main gallery , usually reserved for a changing [show] of the dealer 's stock of modern masterpieces .

Until 5 December , wax sculptures by Rainer Barzen will be on display , to be followed , from 11 December until 30 January 1993 by Michael Witlatschil 's steel obelisks and crescents .
until 5 december , wax sculptures by rainer barzen will be on [show] , to be followed , from 11 december until 30 january 1993 by michael witlatschil 's steel obelisks and crescents .

Those who manage the company do not own the company , If the managers of the company display the characteristics which economic theory credits to all other individuals they will be concerned to maximize their own utility rather than the profits of the company .
those who manage the company do not own the company , if the managers of the company [show] the characteristics which economic theory credits to all other individuals they will be concerned to maximize their own utility rather than the profits of the company .

Every theme complements the next as you enter into another part of this magnificent display of living colour .
every theme complements the next as you enter into another part of this magnificent [show] of living colour .

Once there , you will be given a full day to see this incredible display of vibrant colour .
once there , you will be given a full day to see this incredible [show] of vibrant colour .

Count Tarnowski has managed to recover ownership of pictures ( the tail-end of the collection that once contained both the Frick 's ‘ Polish Rider ’ and the Met 's ‘ Perseus ’ by Canova ) appropriated by the National Museum in Warsaw in 1945 , and intends to display them at his old country house of Dzikow .
count tarnowski has managed to recover ownership of pictures ( the tail-end of the collection that once contained both the frick 's ‘ polish rider ’ and the met 's ‘ perseus ’ by canova ) appropriated by the national museum in warsaw in 1945 , and intends to [show] them at his old country house of dzikow .

Peichl has designed a building as well suited to display as to debate : in addition to modular areas intended to house exhibitions of all kinds , there is a technologically sophisticated complex consisting of a library , a 500-seat auditorium , television studios , and rooms for lectures , concerts , film shows and live performances .
peichl has designed a building as well suited to [show] as to debate : in addition to modular areas intended to house exhibitions of all kinds , there is a technologically sophisticated complex consisting of a library , a 500-seat auditorium , television studios , and rooms for lectures , concerts , film shows and live performances .

In view of the contemporary architects whose work is on display beside Ruskin 's , it will be interesting to see in which style the projected Ruskin Library is built .
in view of the contemporary architects whose work is on [show] beside ruskin 's , it will be interesting to see in which style the projected ruskin library is built .

Now , the suite of period rooms will adjoin galleries with mid- to late-eighteenth-century paintings , as well as a number of tapestries and decorative arts which are currently not on display .
now , the suite of period rooms will adjoin galleries with mid- to late-eighteenth-century paintings , as well as a number of tapestries and decorative arts which are currently not on [show] .

Each section is prefaced by a short essay on the care of objects by an expert in the field and there are additional entries on security and insurance , lighting , display and transport and packing .
each section is prefaced by a short essay on the care of objects by an expert in the field and there are additional entries on security and insurance , lighting , [show] and transport and packing .

Dowel holes in the stone , associated architectural slabs and the physical evidence of the slabs themselves were all considered in ensuring that the final display should be as close to the original narrative sequence of the battle between Greeks and Amazons and Lapiths and Centaurs as possible .
dowel holes in the stone , associated architectural slabs and the physical evidence of the slabs themselves were all considered in ensuring that the final [show] should be as close to the original narrative sequence of the battle between greeks and amazons and lapiths and centaurs as possible .

Nabi expert Huguette Berès had an outstanding display including eight Jongkind watercolours priced between FFr 80–250,000 ; studies by Delacroix ; a very rare Millet pastel portrait of a gentleman ; and Vuillard 's gouache project for a Vollard print album cover .
nabi expert huguette berès had an outstanding [show] including eight jongkind watercolours priced between ffr 80–250,000 ; studies by delacroix ; a very rare millet pastel portrait of a gentleman ; and vuillard 's gouache project for a vollard print album cover .

Emmanuel Moatti began to feel left out of things with his stunning display of mainly seventeenth- to eighteenth-century Italian drawings at prices ranging from FFr 10,000–400,000 for a Saint Sebastian study by Guercino .
emmanuel moatti began to feel left out of things with his stunning [show] of mainly seventeenth- to eighteenth-century italian drawings at prices ranging from ffr 10,000–400,000 for a saint sebastian study by guercino .

Though , at first sight , he appears to portray a ‘ crude and dogmatic sexuality ’ , Salle 's images in fact display ‘ genuine tenderness and extraordinary formal innovation ’ .
though , at first sight , he appears to portray a ‘ crude and dogmatic sexuality ’ , salle 's images in fact [show] ‘ genuine tenderness and extraordinary formal innovation ’ .

Is there going to be anything on display in Lugano ?
is there going to be anything on [show] in lugano ?

Detractors complained about the display 's confused nature and the poor representation of contemporary Spanish artists .
detractors complained about the [show] 's confused nature and the poor representation of contemporary spanish artists .

About one per cent of the former Museo de Arte Contemporáneo 's rather mediocre collection is on display ( from a total of 8,900 paintings , sculptures , prints and drawings ) .
about one per cent of the former museo de arte contemporáneo 's rather mediocre collection is on [show] ( from a total of 8,900 paintings , sculptures , prints and drawings ) .

Over half of the paintings now on display in Bassano were not represented in Pietro Zampetti 's pioneering exhibition of the artist in Venice in 1957 , and the same is true of many of the drawings .
over half of the paintings now on [show] in bassano were not represented in pietro zampetti 's pioneering exhibition of the artist in venice in 1957 , and the same is true of many of the drawings .

Swaggering is obviously best done in the full-length format , but tempered by the ‘ unique British context of compromise , Protestant seriousness and distrust of display ’ , as Wilton says in his eloquent introduction to the catalogue ( Tate Gallery Publications ) .
swaggering is obviously best done in the full-length format , but tempered by the ‘ unique british context of compromise , protestant seriousness and distrust of [show] ’ , as wilton says in his eloquent introduction to the catalogue ( tate gallery publications ) .

The last two pictures were acquired by private treaty through Christie 's , as was William Dobson 's ‘ Portrait of his wife ’ , of 1635–40 , for the Tate Gallery , which went on display last month
the last two pictures were acquired by private treaty through christie 's , as was william dobson 's ‘ portrait of his wife ’ , of 1635–40 , for the tate gallery , which went on [show] last month

Another display entitled ‘ La Corrida ’ featuring 120 paintings and drawings by Botero on the theme of bullfighting is at the Grand Palais from 20 to 29 November .
another [show] entitled ‘ la corrida ’ featuring 120 paintings and drawings by botero on the theme of bullfighting is at the grand palais from 20 to 29 november .

Boetti 's tapestries usually display his own words , but here he collaborated with the Sufi poet Berang ; the piece was shown in the exhibition ‘ Magiciens de la Terre ’ three years ago in Paris , and coincides with the Boetti retrospective at the Bonner Kunstverein until 22 November , and with a small exhibition at Cordula von Keller , Spichernstrasse 44 ( by appointment only , tel .
boetti 's tapestries usually [show] his own words , but here he collaborated with the sufi poet berang ; the piece was shown in the exhibition ‘ magiciens de la terre ’ three years ago in paris , and coincides with the boetti retrospective at the bonner kunstverein until 22 november , and with a small exhibition at cordula von keller , spichernstrasse 44 ( by appointment only , tel .

Recent paintings and drawings by this Italian artist will be on display at Di Meo throughout October and until 21 November .
recent paintings and drawings by this italian artist will be on [show] at di meo throughout october and until 21 november .

Opalka is still on display at Froment-Putman and ‘ Obsessions ’ ( Creten , Ming , Pensato , Segre and von Stockhausen ) at Anne de Villepoix .
opalka is still on [show] at froment-putman and ‘ obsessions ’ ( creten , ming , pensato , segre and von stockhausen ) at anne de villepoix .

Nemuchin 's work is on display alongside that of another Russian artist , Vladimir Yankilevsky , with boxes symbolising the isolation of the conformists , and Andrei Lekarski , the Bulgarian painter and sculptor who superimposes statues and forms from Classical antiquity onto surprising three-dimensional collages .
nemuchin 's work is on [show] alongside that of another russian artist , vladimir yankilevsky , with boxes symbolising the isolation of the conformists , and andrei lekarski , the bulgarian painter and sculptor who superimposes statues and forms from classical antiquity onto surprising three-dimensional collages .

Recent paintings by Peter Joseph on display at Laage-Salomon will be followed on 10 October by two artists chosen by the critic Françoise Claire Prodhon : Laurent Joubert ( conceptual paintings ) and Germany 's Jutta Koether .
recent paintings by peter joseph on [show] at laage-salomon will be followed on 10 october by two artists chosen by the critic françoise claire prodhon : laurent joubert ( conceptual paintings ) and germany 's jutta koether .

We all display different degrees of passive , aggressive , or assertive behaviour , at different times , in different situations .
we all [show] different degrees of passive , aggressive , or assertive behaviour , at different times , in different situations .

They will now be exhibited in a series of large display cases arranged around the seven circular balconies on the fourth floor .
they will now be exhibited in a series of large [show] cases arranged around the seven circular balconies on the fourth floor .

How exciting to look at the costumes and have the impression that one is wearing them , or see one 's own face adorned with the ear-rings on display .
how exciting to look at the costumes and have the impression that one is wearing them , or see one 's own face adorned with the ear-rings on [show] .

At the Prado the display is less evocative , with the paintings hung rather baldly in the central hall , and an ill conceived diagonal wall down the centre which creates bottle necks for visitors .
at the prado the [show] is less evocative , with the paintings hung rather baldly in the central hall , and an ill conceived diagonal wall down the centre which creates bottle necks for visitors .

At the Palazzo Reale there is a forceful competition for attention between seventeenth-century paintings on display and the highly distinctive interiors designed by Pelagio Pelagi in the nineteenth century , although a much more satisfactory integration has been achieved in other parts of the palace , especially in the Galleria degli Specchi , designed by Domenico Parodi around 1730 , which complements the exhibition of large canvases by Gregorio De Ferrari and Domenico Piola .
at the palazzo reale there is a forceful competition for attention between seventeenth-century paintings on [show] and the highly distinctive interiors designed by pelagio pelagi in the nineteenth century , although a much more satisfactory integration has been achieved in other parts of the palace , especially in the galleria degli specchi , designed by domenico parodi around 1730 , which complements the exhibition of large canvases by gregorio de ferrari and domenico piola .

The engravings by eighteenth-century European masters hanging nearby seemed to be suitable study material but not for display and the paintings were particularly disappointing .
the engravings by eighteenth-century european masters hanging nearby seemed to be suitable study material but not for [show] and the paintings were particularly disappointing .

The exhibition was there to display ; we must take the trouble to understand what it displayed .
the exhibition was there to [show] ; we must take the trouble to understand what it displayed .

But he is adamant there must be no art on display outside the booths themselves because art of museum quality does not belong in the street ’ , the spokesman said .
but he is adamant there must be no art on [show] outside the booths themselves because art of museum quality does not belong in the street ’ , the spokesman said .

Beginning in August the museum will present a complementary long-term display from the existing permanent collection , featuring the Sackler 's best Korean paintings , gilt bronzes , lacquers and ceramics .
beginning in august the museum will present a complementary long-term [show] from the existing permanent collection , featuring the sackler 's best korean paintings , gilt bronzes , lacquers and ceramics .

If such rights were introduced , this would allow artists legitimately to charge a royalty either on public exhibition or where their work is displayed on a visual display unit .
if such rights were introduced , this would allow artists legitimately to charge a royalty either on public exhibition or where their work is displayed on a visual [show] unit .

Discussions are underway as to whether to reinstate the Vasca del Tribolo ( at present on display inside the palace ) in the left hand arcade .
discussions are underway as to whether to reinstate the vasca del tribolo ( at present on [show] inside the palace ) in the left hand arcade .

Central to the visual display will be the reconstruction of a room with wall paintings representing idealised garden scenes .
central to the visual [show] will be the reconstruction of a room with wall paintings representing idealised garden scenes .

William Duffield will take pride of place in this sale of British and Victorian paintings with his ‘ Still life of a blackcock , a woodpigeon , a stein and a sumptuous display of fruit ’ ( signed and dated 1857 , oil on canvas , 112x142cm ) , which is estimated to fetch £30–40,000 ( $ 55–70,000 ) .
william duffield will take pride of place in this sale of british and victorian paintings with his ‘ still life of a blackcock , a woodpigeon , a stein and a sumptuous [show] of fruit ’ ( signed and dated 1857 , oil on canvas , 112x142cm ) , which is estimated to fetch £30–40,000 ( $ 55–70,000 ) .

These include a display cabinet , expected to sell for $ 200–300,000 ( £110–170,000 ) , and a bed , estimated at $ 100–150,000 ( £55–85,000 ) .
these include a [show] cabinet , expected to sell for $ 200–300,000 ( £110–170,000 ) , and a bed , estimated at $ 100–150,000 ( £55–85,000 ) .

If the contention of Pollak and others is correct that the roles of women reduce the public display of deviance , then it is indeed in such ‘ private ’ areas that one would expect female forms of deviance to be located .
if the contention of pollak and others is correct that the roles of women reduce the public [show] of deviance , then it is indeed in such ‘ private ’ areas that one would expect female forms of deviance to be located .

The conclusion was that ‘ children display a good deal of social learning of an incidental imitative sort , and that nurturance is one condition facilitating such imitative learning ’ .
the conclusion was that ‘ children [show] a good deal of social learning of an incidental imitative sort , and that nurturance is one condition facilitating such imitative learning ’ .

Many teachers display a notice outside their college doors , advising students of their regular hours for `` consultation without appointment `` .
many teachers [show] a notice outside their college doors , advising students of their regular hours for `` consultation without appointment `` .

Your tutor may be generous to a fault but can not reward irrelevance or peripheral knowledge display .
your tutor may be generous to a fault but can not reward irrelevance or peripheral knowledge [show] .

Young girls are taught the skills from an early age , and it is customary in most tribes for them to display their first solo works as proof of their eligibility for marriage and elevation to the status of womanhood .
young girls are taught the skills from an early age , and it is customary in most tribes for them to [show] their first solo works as proof of their eligibility for marriage and elevation to the status of womanhood .

Therefore it is likely that some , though not all , of the industries in the set of perfectly contestable natural monopolies will display decreasing ray average cost plus transray convexity .
therefore it is likely that some , though not all , of the industries in the set of perfectly contestable natural monopolies will [show] decreasing ray average cost plus transray convexity .

( Note that the former set need not actually display Ramsey pricing , though Baumol et al .
( note that the former set need not actually [show] ramsey pricing , though baumol et al .

Display panels at the stone-walled redoubt below Durlston Castle give drawings of the many seabirds likely to be seen wheeling or nesting on the cliff including kittiwakes , fulmars and guillemots .
[show] panels at the stone-walled redoubt below durlston castle give drawings of the many seabirds likely to be seen wheeling or nesting on the cliff including kittiwakes , fulmars and guillemots .

Nor does the list display much unity , apart from the suggested group around the Hoptons .
nor does the list [show] much unity , apart from the suggested group around the hoptons .

Married women who entered the labour force to supplement the family income tended for example , to display all the traditional self-sacrificing attitudes .
married women who entered the labour force to supplement the family income tended for example , to [show] all the traditional self-sacrificing attitudes .

This MasterCard will display the University name and logo and is accepted in nine million establishments worldwide .
this mastercard will [show] the university name and logo and is accepted in nine million establishments worldwide .

Replica of William Murdock 's model locomotives on display in the National Railway Museum
replica of william murdock 's model locomotives on [show] in the national railway museum

Again , we had suffered from a lack of screens to back the tables for display purposes and privacy .
again , we had suffered from a lack of screens to back the tables for [show] purposes and privacy .

Thanks are due to Christine Healey who always helps us and had arrived back from Kenya in time to rearrange the exhibition screens to a more attractive display and thanks also to Mr Derek Andrews , Manager of Blackwell 's , the University Bookshop , for generously sponsoring us this year .
thanks are due to christine healey who always helps us and had arrived back from kenya in time to rearrange the exhibition screens to a more attractive [show] and thanks also to mr derek andrews , manager of blackwell 's , the university bookshop , for generously sponsoring us this year .

We produce a range of information leaflets about Royal Mail and Royal Mail International services which are on display at post office counters .
we produce a range of information leaflets about royal mail and royal mail international services which are on [show] at post office counters .

Students dress in colourful garb for the display to show their allegiance to Singapore .
students dress in colourful garb for the [show] to show their allegiance to singapore .

The festival of Sekaten is marked by a week of playing sacred musical instruments called gamelans , brought in procession to the Grand Mosque — a colourful and tuneful display .
the festival of sekaten is marked by a week of playing sacred musical instruments called gamelans , brought in procession to the grand mosque — a colourful and tuneful [show] .

On the waters surrounding the 99 islands will be an impressive display of sailboats during the yearly races .
on the waters surrounding the 99 islands will be an impressive [show] of sailboats during the yearly races .

The country 's thirty-seven magnificent national parks — taking up one tenth of Kenya 's land area and covering all types of terrain from forestland to desert — display the natural beauty of the landscape before ‘ civilisation ’ by man .
the country 's thirty-seven magnificent national parks — taking up one tenth of kenya 's land area and covering all types of terrain from forestland to desert — [show] the natural beauty of the landscape before ‘ civilisation ’ by man .

Chandeliers , gilt furniture and marble pillars display the opulence of one of the finest hotel/casinos in the world , and the cabaret and superb restaurants will rival the gaming tables of the casino as the highlight of your stay here .
chandeliers , gilt furniture and marble pillars [show] the opulence of one of the finest hotel/casinos in the world , and the cabaret and superb restaurants will rival the gaming tables of the casino as the highlight of your stay here .

Visit the magical kingdom of Disneyland , Knotts Berry Farm 's display of life in the wild west or Universal Studios .
visit the magical kingdom of disneyland , knotts berry farm 's [show] of life in the wild west or universal studios .

The greenery of the ‘ Garden Isle ’ makes the almost circular Kauai like a technicolour display of exotic plants .
the greenery of the ‘ garden isle ’ makes the almost circular kauai like a technicolour [show] of exotic plants .

Travel by luxury train to the scenic Denali , where the afternoon is yours to explore the nature trails , take photos or see a dogsled display .
travel by luxury train to the scenic denali , where the afternoon is yours to explore the nature trails , take photos or see a dogsled [show] .

Once the kidnap has taken place , the woman is generally compelled to display ‘ her baby ’ , particularly if she has claimed to be pregnant , and this impulse presents the best opportunity for the child 's recovery .
once the kidnap has taken place , the woman is generally compelled to [show] ‘ her baby ’ , particularly if she has claimed to be pregnant , and this impulse presents the best opportunity for the child 's recovery .

In addition to the display of Torvil and Dean 's costumes worn during the famous ‘ Bolero ’ skating routine , costumes dated from 1790 to the mid 20th century are also beautifully presented in a series of atmospheric period rooms .
in addition to the [show] of torvil and dean 's costumes worn during the famous ‘ bolero ’ skating routine , costumes dated from 1790 to the mid 20th century are also beautifully presented in a series of atmospheric period rooms .

It is usual for a company to have a policy on its corporate image and to carry this image through to all its publicly available printed materials such as price lists , brochures and leaflets , visiting cards , compliments slips , envelopes and display boards and signs .
it is usual for a company to have a policy on its corporate image and to carry this image through to all its publicly available printed materials such as price lists , brochures and leaflets , visiting cards , compliments slips , envelopes and [show] boards and signs .

Companies must comply with the Companies Act 1985 and display the following information on their stationery :
companies must comply with the companies act 1985 and [show] the following information on their stationery :

The Business and Technician Education Council is such a company and you should ask your course tutor to see one of their communications to see how they display their limited liability status .
the business and technician education council is such a company and you should ask your course tutor to see one of their communications to see how they [show] their limited liability status .

In addition to the requirement to conform to the law , all business stationery should usually display the following information :
in addition to the requirement to conform to the law , all business stationery should usually [show] the following information :

The civil service , banks , most large companies and local authorities display these characteristics .
the civil service , banks , most large companies and local authorities [show] these characteristics .

Among the physical scientists of the seventeenth century it was achieved by stressing the harmony of the universe itself — a divinely conceived harmony , expressible in mathematical terms , and which , Copernicus had declared , it was the duty of the astronomer to display .
among the physical scientists of the seventeenth century it was achieved by stressing the harmony of the universe itself — a divinely conceived harmony , expressible in mathematical terms , and which , copernicus had declared , it was the duty of the astronomer to [show] .

If the astronomer could display the harmonious motions underlying the appearances , he surely deserved gratitude for revealing the divinely ordained harmony .
if the astronomer could [show] the harmonious motions underlying the appearances , he surely deserved gratitude for revealing the divinely ordained harmony .

The characteristic contribution of the senior civil servant lies not so much in the originality and imagination he or she may display in thinking up new policies — these can be a positive nuisance without the ability to convince and lead those , often outside the service , who will have to put them into effect — but the skills to recognize promising new ideas and the opportunities to develop them , and to exploit the opportunities when they occur .
the characteristic contribution of the senior civil servant lies not so much in the originality and imagination he or she may [show] in thinking up new policies — these can be a positive nuisance without the ability to convince and lead those , often outside the service , who will have to put them into effect — but the skills to recognize promising new ideas and the opportunities to develop them , and to exploit the opportunities when they occur .

November 5th will as usual be celebrated at Quorn with a huge bonfire and firework display with train services from both Loughborough and , for the first time , Leicester .
november 5th will as usual be celebrated at quorn with a huge bonfire and firework [show] with train services from both loughborough and , for the first time , leicester .

Intervet Autumn Exhibition and Rare Breed Display has become a favourite in the calendar of those involved with Rare Breeds in the Eastern region . It has a special ‘ end of season ’ , celebratory feel !
intervet autumn exhibition and rare breed [show] has become a favourite in the calendar of those involved with rare breeds in the eastern region . it has a special ‘ end of season ’ , celebratory feel !

On display will be examples of every British Rate Breed of cattle , sheep , goat , horse and pony , as well as minority native breeds .
on [show] will be examples of every british rate breed of cattle , sheep , goat , horse and pony , as well as minority native breeds .

Outside the Rare Breeds area , other things will be going on : dog and pony events ; poultry and other fowl both on display and for sale ; goats galore and rural crafts of all types .
outside the rare breeds area , other things will be going on : dog and pony events ; poultry and other fowl both on [show] and for sale ; goats galore and rural crafts of all types .

This facing colour was designated as sky-blue for the infantry ; and for a brief period the collar , pointed cuffs , and the flaps of the breast pockets were also seen to display coloured facings .
this facing colour was designated as sky-blue for the infantry ; and for a brief period the collar , pointed cuffs , and the flaps of the breast pockets were also seen to [show] coloured facings .

On 15 July 1898 the Secretary of War approved modification of the jacket to display facing colours only on the shoulder straps .
on 15 july 1898 the secretary of war approved modification of the jacket to [show] facing colours only on the shoulder straps .

These ends would originally have been capped but , for the purposes of display ( see photographs ) , the capping was removed to reveal the castors .
these ends would originally have been capped but , for the purposes of [show] ( see photographs ) , the capping was removed to reveal the castors .

But the functionalists also argue that the ideology which informs the common law approach is hostile to the positive aims of modern government , that the judiciary display a philosophical , cultural , or political bias when reviewing administrative action and therefore that new institutions with new personnel are required to develop a new jurisprudence for the modern age .
but the functionalists also argue that the ideology which informs the common law approach is hostile to the positive aims of modern government , that the judiciary [show] a philosophical , cultural , or political bias when reviewing administrative action and therefore that new institutions with new personnel are required to develop a new jurisprudence for the modern age .

Hands are always on display and nothing looks more unsightly than broken fingernails , highly coloured chipped nail varnish or chewed nails .
hands are always on [show] and nothing looks more unsightly than broken fingernails , highly coloured chipped nail varnish or chewed nails .

The reception counter should be free from dust and any display literature should be up to date , neat and tidy and in its correct place .
the reception counter should be free from dust and any [show] literature should be up to date , neat and tidy and in its correct place .

The Tourism ( Sleeping Accommodation Price Display ) Order 1977 , which became effective in 1978 , requires that the tariff showing rates for each type of room to be displayed at the reception desk in a prominent position ( see Chapter 8 ) .
the tourism ( sleeping accommodation price [show] ) order 1977 , which became effective in 1978 , requires that the tariff showing rates for each type of room to be displayed at the reception desk in a prominent position ( see chapter 8 ) .

Modern microprocessors and computer technology have made such rapid advances that telecommunications and internal communications systems are now in compact units without plugs , switches , or buttons : just small keyboards with touch-sensitive depressions , some with small visual display units ( VDUs ) which can show at a glance the status of all calls being handled and prompt the operator through every procedure so that training can be reduced to a minimum .
modern microprocessors and computer technology have made such rapid advances that telecommunications and internal communications systems are now in compact units without plugs , switches , or buttons : just small keyboards with touch-sensitive depressions , some with small visual [show] units ( vdus ) which can show at a glance the status of all calls being handled and prompt the operator through every procedure so that training can be reduced to a minimum .

There are integrated visual display units attached .
there are integrated visual [show] units attached .

The contents of any message stored in the teleprinter 's memory can be viewed on the visual display unit .
the contents of any message stored in the teleprinter 's memory can be viewed on the visual [show] unit .

If the Hotel is part of a group , brochures of other hotels within the group should be on display and receptionists instructed to see that they are well distributed to guests and casual enquirers .
if the hotel is part of a group , brochures of other hotels within the group should be on [show] and receptionists instructed to see that they are well distributed to guests and casual enquirers .

Alphanumerical display to alert cashier when to insert vouchers .
alphanumerical [show] to alert cashier when to insert vouchers .

visual display units ;
visual [show] units ;

The system allows information to be ‘ filed ’ on floppy discs so that stored information can be called up at any time on the computer 's visual display unit .
the system allows information to be ‘ filed ’ on floppy discs so that stored information can be called up at any time on the computer 's visual [show] unit .

The Tourism ( Sleeping Accommodation Price Display ) Order 1977 requires the display of overnight accommodation prices in residential establishments with more than four rooms .
the tourism ( sleeping accommodation price [show] ) order 1977 requires the [show] of overnight accommodation prices in residential establishments with more than four rooms .

display a detailed report
[show] a detailed report

display or print a summary report , or
[show] or print a summary report , or

display a list of unassigned reports
[show] a list of unassigned reports

display a detailed report
[show] a detailed report

display or print a summary report
[show] or print a summary report

display a detailed report
[show] a detailed report

display or print a summary report , or
[show] or print a summary report , or

There needs to be a facility whereby one is automatically informed that the entry at which one is looking has a cross-reference to it in another part of the dictionary , and whereby one is immediately given a display of this cross reference ( or all of them , if there are several ) if one wants to check it .
there needs to be a facility whereby one is automatically informed that the entry at which one is looking has a cross-reference to it in another part of the dictionary , and whereby one is immediately given a [show] of this cross reference ( or all of them , if there are several ) if one wants to check it .

Visual Display Units
visual [show] units

Which of the following display modes is available :
which of the following [show] modes is available :

How many display colours are available ? ( specify these )
how many [show] colours are available ? ( specify these )

vector or raster display ? if raster display
vector or raster [show] ? if raster [show]

number of display characters within each font ?
number of [show] characters within each font ?

How are special sort characters indicated on the suggested display :
how are special sort characters indicated on the suggested [show] :

How are accents displayed on the suggested display :
how are accents displayed on the suggested [show] :

How is the difference between elements of text indicated on the suggested display :
how is the difference between elements of text indicated on the suggested [show] :

Does the display differentiate between sizes of type . If so , how ?
does the [show] differentiate between sizes of type . if so , how ?

They buy possessions to display their wealth ( cars , boats , clothes , jewellery ) .
they buy possessions to [show] their wealth ( cars , boats , clothes , jewellery ) .

Authoritarian personalities have been found to display attitudes of hostility towards inferiors and to reject other authoritarian people because of attitudes about authority .
authoritarian personalities have been found to [show] attitudes of hostility towards inferiors and to reject other authoritarian people because of attitudes about authority .

In maturity Reagan was undoubtedly politically ambitious , but continued to project an unassuming and non-threatening image and to display the great political gift of making others feel comfortable in his presence .
in maturity reagan was undoubtedly politically ambitious , but continued to project an unassuming and non-threatening image and to [show] the great political gift of making others feel comfortable in his presence .

There was thus a real danger , not of impoverishment , but of the closing of the gap between princes and other lesser lords , just at the time when display and liberality were increasingly important elements in princely political armouries .
there was thus a real danger , not of impoverishment , but of the closing of the gap between princes and other lesser lords , just at the time when [show] and liberality were increasingly important elements in princely political armouries .

The mixture of usefulness and display that explained the growing importance of the chaplains also lay behind the rise of other household officers .
the mixture of usefulness and [show] that explained the growing importance of the chaplains also lay behind the rise of other household officers .

There were few things more calculated to endear a prince to his subjects than a display of stern retribution on unjust officials .
there were few things more calculated to endear a prince to his subjects than a [show] of stern retribution on unjust officials .

In later chapters we will probe the image of harmony in some detail to question whether all Japanese companies display such a high degree of harmony , cooperation or power sharing .
in later chapters we will probe the image of harmony in some detail to question whether all japanese companies [show] such a high degree of harmony , cooperation or power sharing .

So , the acute sense of collective identity that the Japanese display in language and culture prevents the rivalry of separate groups deteriorating into serious internal conflict .
so , the acute sense of collective identity that the japanese [show] in language and culture prevents the rivalry of separate groups deteriorating into serious internal conflict .

Voluntary cooperation and consensus formation is not simply a matter of agreeing national objectives , it relates to the display of consensus in everyday activities .
voluntary cooperation and consensus formation is not simply a matter of agreeing national objectives , it relates to the [show] of consensus in everyday activities .

Ideologically , a dynamic small firm sector may be said to reflect the opportunities capitalism offers to those prepared to display individual initiative , self-sacrifice and dedication to hard work .
ideologically , a dynamic small firm sector may be said to reflect the opportunities capitalism offers to those prepared to [show] individual initiative , self-sacrifice and dedication to hard work .

If there are material inducements offered to place the company first they are bound to affect motivation especially as they are backed by sanctions against those who do not display cooperative attitudes .
if there are material inducements offered to place the company first they are bound to affect motivation especially as they are backed by sanctions against those who do not [show] cooperative attitudes .

input of text , from magnetic tape , from visual display units , and from other sources
input of text , from magnetic tape , from visual [show] units , and from other sources

They will normally be located in the System Display Room .
they will normally be located in the system [show] room .

Of the other equipment available to the Computer Group normally five display terminals will be used for support and operations functions .
of the other equipment available to the computer group normally five [show] terminals will be used for support and operations functions .

The ability to display information in the form of characters , including both numbers and letters , graphs of various kinds and even crude pictures , is one of the most powerful talents that the micro possesses .
the ability to [show] information in the form of characters , including both numbers and letters , graphs of various kinds and even crude pictures , is one of the most powerful talents that the micro possesses .

The micro is used simply as a device for presenting information as requested by the teacher — an electronic variant of the blackboard or overhead projector which uses the computer 's talents , for example , to do graphs , display pictures , record and reproduce data , or perform calculations .
the micro is used simply as a device for presenting information as requested by the teacher — an electronic variant of the blackboard or overhead projector which uses the computer 's talents , for example , to do graphs , [show] pictures , record and reproduce data , or perform calculations .

The game environment , competitive elements and display and presentation purely directed at enjoyment can be very effective in capturing attention .
the game environment , competitive elements and [show] and presentation purely directed at enjoyment can be very effective in capturing attention .

If suitable machines are chosen , these graphics facilities can include such things as multiple pages and views ( thus allowing very rapid animation of a short sequence of pictures ) , a large number of shades or colours to be used in one display ( thus allowing effects of shading , shadow and three dimensions to be shown ) , shades on the screen ‘ instantly ’ changeable to any of a large range of ‘ colours ’ available , and superimposition of two different graphic views , low-resolution graphics and text .
if suitable machines are chosen , these graphics facilities can include such things as multiple pages and views ( thus allowing very rapid animation of a short sequence of pictures ) , a large number of shades or colours to be used in one [show] ( thus allowing effects of shading , shadow and three dimensions to be shown ) , shades on the screen ‘ instantly ’ changeable to any of a large range of ‘ colours ’ available , and superimposition of two different graphic views , low-resolution graphics and text .

Is the high-resolution graphical display essential ?
is the high-resolution graphical [show] essential ?

Most such instances display ordinary " synonymous " parallelism , though of course no number is ever strictly synonymous with another . For example , Mic 5.4 :
most such instances [show] ordinary " synonymous " parallelism , though of course no number is ever strictly synonymous with another . for example , mic 5.4 :

This category of graded numerical sayings thus yields two more examples of the parallelism of greater precision , but on the whole it does not display the feature under consideration here .
this category of graded numerical sayings thus yields two more examples of the parallelism of greater precision , but on the whole it does not [show] the feature under consideration here .

Input/output operations were not specified in detail in this paper , but three devices were proposed : an electric typewriter for the transfer of small quantities of data , a display unit for graphical presentation of results , and several magnetic wire or tape units to provide a secondary storage medium and for all normal input and output .
input/output operations were not specified in detail in this paper , but three devices were proposed : an electric typewriter for the transfer of small quantities of data , a [show] unit for graphical presentation of results , and several magnetic wire or tape units to provide a secondary storage medium and for all normal input and output .

Indeed , almost half their utterances are elliptical or moodless , often being minimal responses to requests for display .
indeed , almost half their utterances are elliptical or moodless , often being minimal responses to requests for [show] .

On the other hand , when contrasted with parents , teachers dominate conversation , initiating the majority of interactions and exchanges , predominantly through requests , questions and requests for display .
on the other hand , when contrasted with parents , teachers dominate conversation , initiating the majority of interactions and exchanges , predominantly through requests , questions and requests for [show] .

Along with other contributions from the class , it was mounted for display in the school .
along with other contributions from the class , it was mounted for [show] in the school .

They frequently equate the first phoneme only with the graphic display , and then apply configuration and context cues , or merely wild guessing , to the rest of the word .
they frequently equate the first phoneme only with the graphic [show] , and then apply configuration and context cues , or merely wild guessing , to the rest of the word .

Children enjoy the challenge of trying to beat the machine , and the screen display makes the game more interesting .
children enjoy the challenge of trying to beat the machine , and the screen [show] makes the game more interesting .

Some items tested interpretation of the calculator display , and performance in handling sequences of two operations .
some items tested interpretation of the calculator [show] , and performance in handling sequences of two operations .

Be able to select from the calculator display the number of figures which is appropriate to the context of the calculation .
be able to select from the calculator [show] the number of figures which is appropriate to the context of the calculation .

In both the following examples relating to money transactions , the display also had to be interpreted because the result of the multiplication in each case was a complete tenth of a pound .
in both the following examples relating to money transactions , the [show] also had to be interpreted because the result of the multiplication in each case was a complete tenth of a pound .

Selecting numbers from the display
selecting numbers from the [show]

There are several questions which may require pupils to select appropriate numbers from the calculator display after an operation has been carried out .
there are several questions which may require pupils to select appropriate numbers from the calculator [show] after an operation has been carried out .

The calculator display would show a five followed by a decimal point and further numerals which would need to be ignored .
the calculator [show] would show a five followed by a decimal point and further numerals which would need to be ignored .

Emphasis should be placed on mental calculation where appropriate and on the use of both digital and traditional `` clock `` display .
emphasis should be placed on mental calculation where appropriate and on the use of both digital and traditional `` clock `` [show] .

The Paris announcement spurred the British inventor William Henry Fox Talbot ( 1800–77 ) to display his own invention , called `` Photogenic Drawing `` , at the Royal Institution in London on 25 January 1839 .
the paris announcement spurred the british inventor william henry fox talbot ( 1800–77 ) to [show] his own invention , called `` photogenic drawing `` , at the royal institution in london on 25 january 1839 .

This understanding enabled him to make sound judgements in selecting the work of young children for display to teachers , revealing its natural qualities for them to recognise .
this understanding enabled him to make sound judgements in selecting the work of young children for [show] to teachers , revealing its natural qualities for them to recognise .

( ii ) the organisation or training of a body whose purpose is either ( a ) to usurp the function of the police or the armed forces ; or ( b ) to use or display force in an attempt to achieve a political objective , an offence .
( ii ) the organisation or training of a body whose purpose is either ( a ) to usurp the function of the police or the armed forces ; or ( b ) to use or [show] force in an attempt to achieve a political objective , an offence .

His lawsuit against Horus , which is narrated in the papyrus , is entertaining and satirical as the gods display very human traits .
his lawsuit against horus , which is narrated in the papyrus , is entertaining and satirical as the gods [show] very human traits .

Once the basic idea for the advertisement has been agreed , it falls to the art director , in consultation with the writer , to bring it to life visually in commercials , advertisements , and printed material such as brochures and leaflets , and point of sale — material , which are show cards and other items for display actually in the stores .
once the basic idea for the advertisement has been agreed , it falls to the art director , in consultation with the writer , to bring it to life visually in commercials , advertisements , and printed material such as brochures and leaflets , and point of sale — material , which are show cards and other items for [show] actually in the stores .

Planning may well involve other experts such as designers , display construction and removal contractors .
planning may well involve other experts such as designers , [show] construction and removal contractors .

From time to time , consultancies must organise not just a display by a client but must organise an entire exhibition or show for many exhibitors are on behalf of their client .
from time to time , consultancies must organise not just a [show] by a client but must organise an entire exhibition or show for many exhibitors are on behalf of their client .

When you look at the dazzling display of art work and fine printing done in so much consumer literature today , you will get some idea of the high standards required in public relations .
when you look at the dazzling [show] of art work and fine printing done in so much consumer literature today , you will get some idea of the high standards required in public relations .

He would have graduated from sweeping the floor , running errands and being a `` reading boy `` in his first two years , to distributing type and learning the case , then to typesetting and if he was lucky to making up and imposition , though rarely to the refinements of display work . ``
he would have graduated from sweeping the floor , running errands and being a `` reading boy `` in his first two years , to distributing type and learning the case , then to typesetting and if he was lucky to making up and imposition , though rarely to the refinements of [show] work . ``

She had for a while become a Monotype operator , on one of the `` women 's machines `` , and also remembers `` trying to do imposition `` and doing a little display work in one mainly jobbing firm where she worked for a short time .
she had for a while become a monotype operator , on one of the `` women 's machines `` , and also remembers `` trying to do imposition `` and doing a little [show] work in one mainly jobbing firm where she worked for a short time .

In surgical wards you will often have to care for people who display anxiety .
in surgical wards you will often have to care for people who [show] anxiety .

The proposal also indicated an intention to devote one corner of the library to a display area , in which departments or faculties would be able to mount exhibitions related directly to the topics or themes of project-work .
the proposal also indicated an intention to devote one corner of the library to a [show] area , in which departments or faculties would be able to mount exhibitions related directly to the topics or themes of project-work .

Together with the use of the display area it is hoped pupils will be encouraged to use the library as a source of information for homework and classwork on a regular basis and that staff will see it as an important adjunct to their departmental resources .
together with the use of the [show] area it is hoped pupils will be encouraged to use the library as a source of information for homework and classwork on a regular basis and that staff will see it as an important adjunct to their departmental resources .

In the light of the kinds of departmental submission noted above , the library committee established a number of priorities which , despite the departmental and faculty contributions , collected needs together under general heads as follows : ( a ) Stands , microfiche , book covering materials , display material , magazine folders ( max. £1,000 )
in the light of the kinds of departmental submission noted above , the library committee established a number of priorities which , despite the departmental and faculty contributions , collected needs together under general heads as follows : ( a ) stands , microfiche , book covering materials , [show] material , magazine folders ( max. £1,000 )

Moreover , much development of the infrastructure was already taking place in the school ( not only the library refurbishment , the display area and the installation of teletext , but also the designation of `` 10p posts `` and a standing commitment to the role of teacher-librarian on the staffing establishment ) .
moreover , much development of the infrastructure was already taking place in the school ( not only the library refurbishment , the [show] area and the installation of teletext , but also the designation of `` 10p posts `` and a standing commitment to the role of teacher-librarian on the staffing establishment ) .

In view of the media coverage of the Beijing massacre , Western governments had no alternative but to make a visible display of their own disapproval .
in view of the media coverage of the beijing massacre , western governments had no alternative but to make a visible [show] of their own disapproval .

In the 13 World Cups since 1930 , the world 's best players have gathered in an ever-expanding display of skill and enthusiasm for the game .
in the 13 world cups since 1930 , the world 's best players have gathered in an ever-expanding [show] of skill and enthusiasm for the game .

Display of passions , congratulation and excitement between men on the pitch , otherwise considered by the British to be dangerously continental ( see xenophobia ) , or , more generally , deviant ( see opera , innocent looks , sex ban and drooling ) .
[show] of passions , congratulation and excitement between men on the pitch , otherwise considered by the british to be dangerously continental ( see xenophobia ) , or , more generally , deviant ( see opera , innocent looks , sex ban and drooling ) .

Unable to offer Rossini a bicentenary gift of Il viaggio a Reims ( Ferrara finally inherited that project ) the Théâtre des Champs-Elysées presented in the space of a week a display of Rossini singing that barely scratched the surface .
unable to offer rossini a bicentenary gift of il viaggio a reims ( ferrara finally inherited that project ) the théâtre des champs-elysées presented in the space of a week a [show] of rossini singing that barely scratched the surface .

Before it begins to display the inevitable signs of waning , along come Dense City to challenge the best with the hardcore opus ‘ Melba ’ ( Reachin ' ) .
before it begins to [show] the inevitable signs of waning , along come dense city to challenge the best with the hardcore opus ‘ melba ’ ( reachin ' ) .

The fourth annual Minehead driving festival was held in May and spectators enjoyed the display of horses , drivers and carriages .
the fourth annual minehead driving festival was held in may and spectators enjoyed the [show] of horses , drivers and carriages .

However questionable the theology on both sides , he passed his first test of personal ideology with a spirited display of the right instincts .
however questionable the theology on both sides , he passed his first test of personal ideology with a spirited [show] of the right instincts .

The handpainted dish would make a complementary tray and a good display item when not in use , £65
the handpainted dish would make a complementary tray and a good [show] item when not in use , £65

Baskets can make an attractive display .
baskets can make an attractive [show] .

Programmes will follow three main themes : Tchaikovsky 1812 , Last Night of the Proms and Baileys on Broadway — and most events will end in a firework display .
programmes will follow three main themes : tchaikovsky 1812 , last night of the proms and baileys on broadway — and most events will end in a firework [show] .

Do n't eat food kept warm in display cases
do n't eat food kept warm in [show] cases

Insideout Plant & Aquatic Display
insideout plant & aquatic [show]

Left : Dales Oak kitchen by Magnet Price guide : 60-cm-wide drawerline base unit , £273 Oak has been given a rich honey-toned stain for a kitchen with a cosy farmhouse feel . The curved lines of the cathedral- style doors , open display shelves , a panelled extractor canopy and fretwork detail add interest to the straight runs of units
left : dales oak kitchen by magnet price guide : 60-cm-wide drawerline base unit , £273 oak has been given a rich honey-toned stain for a kitchen with a cosy farmhouse feel . the curved lines of the cathedral- style doors , open [show] shelves , a panelled extractor canopy and fretwork detail add interest to the straight runs of units

Above : The Nevada kitchen range by Magnet Price guide : 60-cm-wide drawerline base unit , £161 These units come in beiges , greys and light plums . The open- ended display shelves are in clean white
above : the nevada kitchen range by magnet price guide : 60-cm-wide drawerline base unit , £161 these units come in beiges , greys and light plums . the open- ended [show] shelves are in clean white

Labour must now display some political creativity if it is to offset the effects of Major 's plans for Toryism . By Charles Leadbeater
labour must now [show] some political creativity if it is to offset the effects of major 's plans for toryism . by charles leadbeater

Now it is time to come out of the bunker and display some other qualities , chiefly some political creativity .
now it is time to come out of the bunker and [show] some other qualities , chiefly some political creativity .

When he arrived , Aston 's industrial relations structures , like its capital equipment , looked like a museum display .
when he arrived , aston 's industrial relations structures , like its capital equipment , looked like a museum [show] .

An iron fist in a velvet glove : Victor Gauntlett ( left ) of Aston Martin was ‘ a jolly nice chap in 1980 ’ when the company 's structure was like a museum display , a structure he modernised
an iron fist in a velvet glove : victor gauntlett ( left ) of aston martin was ‘ a jolly nice chap in 1980 ’ when the company 's structure was like a museum [show] , a structure he modernised

The young , too , display their own distribution characteristics .
the young , too , [show] their own distribution characteristics .

Further controversy was prompted by a manifesto issued from the self-styled South London Ratepayers ' Association which called for a ‘ display of fearless strength ’ by local people , advising that ‘ a discriminating application of the ‘ cat-o'-nine-tails ’ ’ will soon sweep away this reign of terror ' .
further controversy was prompted by a manifesto issued from the self-styled south london ratepayers ' association which called for a ‘ [show] of fearless strength ’ by local people , advising that ‘ a discriminating application of the ‘ cat-o'-nine-tails ’ ’ will soon sweep away this reign of terror ' .

We got out of the buggy and went through all these marquees where amongst the exhibits were a striking exhibit of African violets from Tony Clement 's African Violet Centre , at King 's Lynn ; a magnificent display of prizewinning delphiniums and begonias from Blackmore & Langdon who always win a ‘ Gold ’ at Chelsea ; an exquisite display of orchids from Thailand ; planted containers shown by Mastergardener of Banbury ; a beautiful display of lilies by Jacques Amand of Stanmore ; and a Herb Nursery of two hundred varieties , exhibited by Caroline Holmes Herbs of Denham , in Suffolk .
we got out of the buggy and went through all these marquees where amongst the exhibits were a striking exhibit of african violets from tony clement 's african violet centre , at king 's lynn ; a magnificent [show] of prizewinning delphiniums and begonias from blackmore & langdon who always win a ‘ gold ’ at chelsea ; an exquisite [show] of orchids from thailand ; planted containers shown by mastergardener of banbury ; a beautiful [show] of lilies by jacques amand of stanmore ; and a herb nursery of two hundred varieties , exhibited by caroline holmes herbs of denham , in suffolk .

Elizabeth Jane 's china display on the Welsh dresser , for example , is basically blue and white china , but incorporates honey-coloured pottery , glass jars and grand porcelain teapots .
elizabeth jane 's china [show] on the welsh dresser , for example , is basically blue and white china , but incorporates honey-coloured pottery , glass jars and grand porcelain teapots .

It is a tester display unit on the counter , where you may sit , flick through a Personal Shade Selector book , and try any products yourself .
it is a tester [show] unit on the counter , where you may sit , flick through a personal shade selector book , and try any products yourself .

In short , he begins to display precisely the comportment his contemporaries would have expected of their rightful king .
in short , he begins to [show] precisely the comportment his contemporaries would have expected of their rightful king .

Angered by what must have seemed a monstrous betrayal , or a display of contemptible cowardice , Simeon turned upon them and persecuted them as traitors .
angered by what must have seemed a monstrous betrayal , or a [show] of contemptible cowardice , simeon turned upon them and persecuted them as traitors .

Fine display of Scottish crafts .
fine [show] of scottish crafts .

Under the draft directive , sponsorship will continue to be allowed provided that no display is made of the ‘ brand names , trade marks , emblems or other distinctive features of tobacco products ’ .
under the draft directive , sponsorship will continue to be allowed provided that no [show] is made of the ‘ brand names , trade marks , emblems or other distinctive features of tobacco products ’ .

It will ban the sale of single cigarettes , tighten control on the use of vending machines and make mandatory the display of notices stating that it is illegal to sell cigarettes to under 16s .
it will ban the sale of single cigarettes , tighten control on the use of vending machines and make mandatory the [show] of notices stating that it is illegal to sell cigarettes to under 16s .

The major difference of which staff will be aware will be the new payslips , which will display the information supplied in a different format .
the major difference of which staff will be aware will be the new payslips , which will [show] the information supplied in a different format .

This rather optimistic view would , therefore , suggest that an increase in the elderly population need not be problematic in health care terms as the population might not display as much morbidity as current cohorts .
this rather optimistic view would , therefore , suggest that an increase in the elderly population need not be problematic in health care terms as the population might not [show] as much morbidity as current cohorts .

Patients likely to be labelled as bed blockers consistently display problems such as incontinence and dementia which are likely to present considerable nursing care problems ( Victor 1990b ) .
patients likely to be labelled as bed blockers consistently [show] problems such as incontinence and dementia which are likely to present considerable nursing care problems ( victor 1990b ) .

Formed in 1981 , Leeds based Phoenix Dance Company has established itself as one of Britain 's leading contemporary dance companies . Presenting four pieces to music by k d lang , Penguin Cafe Orchestra and Arvo Part , they display electrifying energy , brilliant technique and extraordinary dynamism. ‘ … they 're glorious ’ Pittsburg Press
formed in 1981 , leeds based phoenix dance company has established itself as one of britain 's leading contemporary dance companies . presenting four pieces to music by k d lang , penguin cafe orchestra and arvo part , they [show] electrifying energy , brilliant technique and extraordinary dynamism. ‘ … they 're glorious ’ pittsburg press

Amphibious machines descend , inflatable beings come to life , huge lanterns illuminate the waterscape — a large , promenade performance concluding with firework display .
amphibious machines descend , inflatable beings come to life , huge lanterns illuminate the waterscape — a large , promenade performance concluding with firework [show] .

Umbrella visual arts featuring local artists work on display in houses , open studios & galleries
umbrella visual arts featuring local artists work on [show] in houses , open studios & galleries

The distinction between direct and mediated violence is one of importance , not just because of the mechanical advantage achieved by the mediation of acts of violence through instruments of various sorts , but because an intention to act violently can be indicated by the display of the weapons .
the distinction between direct and mediated violence is one of importance , not just because of the mechanical advantage achieved by the mediation of acts of violence through instruments of various sorts , but because an intention to act violently can be indicated by the [show] of the weapons .

From there it is an easy step to the setting up of conventions of symbolic violence , in which just the display without the intention to perform the action , can serve a ritual purpose , that is fulfil some other intention than that usually associated with those expressions , stances , shouted insults and so on .
from there it is an easy step to the setting up of conventions of symbolic violence , in which just the [show] without the intention to perform the action , can serve a ritual purpose , that is fulfil some other intention than that usually associated with those expressions , stances , shouted insults and so on .

However Sarah 's enjoyment of publicity overcame the circumspection a royal girlfriend is expected to display .
however sarah 's enjoyment of publicity overcame the circumspection a royal girlfriend is expected to [show] .

By then she was simply too weary to think clearly , feeling totally overwhelmed by the spontaneous display of affection from the patriotic crowd .
by then she was simply too weary to think clearly , feeling totally overwhelmed by the spontaneous [show] of affection from the patriotic crowd .

On one occasion she threw herself against a glass display cabinet at Kensington Palace while on another she slashed at her wrists with a razor blade .
on one occasion she threw herself against a glass [show] cabinet at kensington palace while on another she slashed at her wrists with a razor blade .

Very rich flora here includes fairyflax , viper 's bugloss , autumnal hawkbit , sand sedge , pyramidal orchid and the marsh orchids which create a truly magnificent display in June , when the wild flower enthusiasts and others flock to witness and photograph this rare pictorial scene .
very rich flora here includes fairyflax , viper 's bugloss , autumnal hawkbit , sand sedge , pyramidal orchid and the marsh orchids which create a truly magnificent [show] in june , when the wild flower enthusiasts and others flock to witness and photograph this rare pictorial scene .

In the yard the ancient farm implements and a fine display of farm carts .
in the yard the ancient farm implements and a fine [show] of farm carts .

There is a dairy displaying ancient implements , a chemists shop with articles on display taken from two former chemists shops of the town ; a boot and shoemakers shop and a schoolroom to name just a few of the varied and intriguing glimpses into the life of past ages .
there is a dairy displaying ancient implements , a chemists shop with articles on [show] taken from two former chemists shops of the town ; a boot and shoemakers shop and a schoolroom to name just a few of the varied and intriguing glimpses into the life of past ages .

Here about thirty selected craftsman and women display and sell their work .
here about thirty selected craftsman and women [show] and sell their work .

In addition , they display license plates with their license number .
in addition , they [show] license plates with their license number .

They also display their licence number on their plates .
they also [show] their licence number on their plates .

Amidst a luxurious display of plants and flowers , the hotel is reached by a flight of steps ( no hand rail ) .
amidst a luxurious [show] of plants and flowers , the hotel is reached by a flight of steps ( no hand rail ) .

Other companies — from tour operators to stockbrokers — buy pages on the system to display their wares .
other companies — from tour operators to stockbrokers — buy pages on the system to [show] their wares .

You can buy a keyboard that will display Prestel pages on an ordinary television .
you can buy a keyboard that will [show] prestel pages on an ordinary television .

Gilligan mentions here the anonymous woman whose nonlegalistic thinking enabled Solomon to display his legendary wisdom .
gilligan mentions here the anonymous woman whose nonlegalistic thinking enabled solomon to [show] his legendary wisdom .

You can also position a Shelf-Grip at the end of , say , a glass window behind it , which makes an ideal display for plant pots .
you can also position a shelf-grip at the end of , say , a glass window behind it , which makes an ideal [show] for plant pots .

Many bulbs are disappointing in subsequent years , and you really have to keep replanting each year for a quality display .
many bulbs are disappointing in subsequent years , and you really have to keep replanting each year for a quality [show] .

When he reached the table , he wrenched the flowers form their display and threw them into the rows of assembled journalists .
when he reached the table , he wrenched the flowers form their [show] and threw them into the rows of assembled journalists .

Figure 9.3 and Table 9.3 display the main facilities currently available and show clearly the decline in relative importance of the credit tranches , especially after 1980 .
figure 9.3 and table 9.3 [show] the main facilities currently available and show clearly the decline in relative importance of the credit tranches , especially after 1980 .

Arena displays boasted heavy horses , including Shires and Suffolk Punches , a sheepdog demonstration , falconry , vintage machinery , tug-of-war , axemen , lawnmower racing , traction engines , dog display team , country dancing and not least , gundogs .
arena displays boasted heavy horses , including shires and suffolk punches , a sheepdog demonstration , falconry , vintage machinery , tug-of-war , axemen , lawnmower racing , traction engines , dog [show] team , country dancing and not least , gundogs .

The display by the Farm Machinery Preservation Society included a 1938 Fordson tractor , plus early post-war machines .
the [show] by the farm machinery preservation society included a 1938 fordson tractor , plus early post-war machines .

The flying display , with a falconer , showed how they could be controlled , even in free flight .
the flying [show] , with a falconer , showed how they could be controlled , even in free flight .

Mr Garrard has kept birds of prey all his life , and he and his wife gave up their jobs to start the Feather Perfect Display Team , and often put on displays for children .
mr garrard has kept birds of prey all his life , and he and his wife gave up their jobs to start the feather perfect [show] team , and often put on displays for children .

Jousting display helps school raise funds
jousting [show] helps school raise funds

Work on display includes life-sized Elizabethan figures , a mural and an exhibit featuring the projection of slides on to specially made screens .
work on [show] includes life-sized elizabethan figures , a mural and an exhibit featuring the projection of slides on to specially made screens .

Existing fitness centres can be intimidating places with not so much as an ounce of unwanted fat on display .
existing fitness centres can be intimidating places with not so much as an ounce of unwanted fat on [show] .

This means that under normal conditions of display , a work in Polychromos pastels should retain its original freshness and colour quality for many years to come .
this means that under normal conditions of [show] , a work in polychromos pastels should retain its original freshness and colour quality for many years to come .

This means that you are entitled to due attribution where the work is used for some commercial product , display or other purpose and that basically you have the right to object to modification , distortion or any form of derogatory promotion of your work , unless of course you have sanctioned it !
this means that you are entitled to due attribution where the work is used for some commercial product , [show] or other purpose and that basically you have the right to object to modification , distortion or any form of derogatory promotion of your work , unless of course you have sanctioned it !

You must not subsequently display or offer it for sale as your own work !
you must not subsequently [show] or offer it for sale as your own work !

Much explanatory and archival material is on display and it will round off 1992 's anniversary celebrations : the discovery of the new World and the 125th year of the founding of the Canadian Confederation .
much explanatory and archival material is on [show] and it will round off 1992 's anniversary celebrations : the discovery of the new world and the 125th year of the founding of the canadian confederation .

Before the opening onlookers were treated to a free display of footballing skills in a seven-a-side contest between Cornard United and Sudbury Town , which Cornard won 5–2 .
before the opening onlookers were treated to a free [show] of footballing skills in a seven-a-side contest between cornard united and sudbury town , which cornard won 5–2 .

His own club 's show — the next is due on 29 August in Dalkeith — is third largest in Scotland with over 900 birds on display .
his own club 's show — the next is due on 29 august in dalkeith — is third largest in scotland with over 900 birds on [show] .

‘ Put another way , do you habitually use display screen equipment ( VDUs ) as a significant part of your job ?
‘ put another way , do you habitually use [show] screen equipment ( vdus ) as a significant part of your job ?

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the Branch or agent details )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will [show] the branch or agent details )

( This area will display the branch details )
( this area will [show] the branch details )

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the Branch or agent details )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will [show] the branch or agent details )

Branch Office : ( This area will display the branch details )
branch office : ( this area will [show] the branch details )

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the Branch or agent details )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will [show] the branch or agent details )

Branch Office : ( This area will display the branch details )
branch office : ( this area will [show] the branch details )

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the Branch or agent details )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will [show] the branch or agent details )

Branch Office : ( This area will display the branch details )
branch office : ( this area will [show] the branch details )

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the Branch or agent details )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will [show] the branch or agent details )

Branch Office : ( This area will display the branch details )
branch office : ( this area will [show] the branch details )

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the Branch or agent details )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will [show] the branch or agent details )

Branch Office : ( This area will display the branch details )
branch office : ( this area will [show] the branch details )

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will display the Branch or agent details )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will [show] the branch or agent details )

Branch Office : ( This area will display the branch details )
branch office : ( this area will [show] the branch details )

This is your Western European ( This are will display the cover chosen ) Private Car Insurance Policy , explaining your insurance protection in detail .
this is your western european ( this are will [show] the cover chosen ) private car insurance policy , explaining your insurance protection in detail .

If after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( This area will display the branch or agent details . )
if after reading your policy you have any questions please contact : ( this area will [show] the branch or agent details . )

Researched by Miss Margaret Wilkes and Ms Diana Webster of the Map Library , and with sponsorship and support from The Highlands and Islands Development Board , Mobil North Sea Limited , British Aerospace , and the Ordnance Survey , the display fully exploited the new exhibition facilities to bring together a stunning collection of maps , charts , aerial photographs , satellite images , and map-making instruments .
researched by miss margaret wilkes and ms diana webster of the map library , and with sponsorship and support from the highlands and islands development board , mobil north sea limited , british aerospace , and the ordnance survey , the [show] fully exploited the new exhibition facilities to bring together a stunning collection of maps , charts , aerial photographs , satellite images , and map-making instruments .

This major display of maps and related map-making equipment not only aroused considerable public interest during the three months the exhibition was open , but also generated new links with individuals and institutions in Scotland and elsewhere .
this major [show] of maps and related map-making equipment not only aroused considerable public interest during the three months the exhibition was open , but also generated new links with individuals and institutions in scotland and elsewhere .

The acquisition of two small , purpose-built , exhibition cases , allowing the display of larger sheet maps , has permitted Map Library staff to present monthly exhibitions on Level 4 of the Causewayside Building .
the acquisition of two small , purpose-built , exhibition cases , allowing the [show] of larger sheet maps , has permitted map library staff to present monthly exhibitions on level 4 of the causewayside building .

The campaign has been running since 1963 and the object has been to encourage private or business premises to install some form of floral display .
the campaign has been running since 1963 and the object has been to encourage private or business premises to install some form of floral [show] .

He learned that staff at the Museum of Transport had discovered Common Clothes Moths inside one of the cars on display .
he learned that staff at the museum of transport had discovered common clothes moths inside one of the cars on [show] .

4 Describe the display policies and techniques of each of the following :
4 describe the [show] policies and techniques of each of the following :

5 ( i ) State the advantages and disadvantages of the following types of display lighting :
5 ( i ) state the advantages and disadvantages of the following types of [show] lighting :

( ii ) What safety factors must be considered when using display lighting ?
( ii ) what safety factors must be considered when using [show] lighting ?

Candidates may use calculators provided the calculators give no printout , have no word display facilities , are silent and cordless .
candidates may use calculators provided the calculators give no printout , have no word [show] facilities , are silent and cordless .

have no word display facilities
have no word [show] facilities

The recording will contain letters , memoranda and other correspondence , with instructions for display , attention lines , headings and numbered/lettered paragraphs .
the recording will contain letters , memoranda and other correspondence , with instructions for [show] , attention lines , headings and numbered/lettered paragraphs .

In manuscript assignments , candidates will be required to demonstrate simple display techniques .
in manuscript assignments , candidates will be required to demonstrate simple [show] techniques .

The recording will contain letters , memoranda and other correspondence , with instructions for display , attention lines , headings and numbered/lettered paragraphs .
the recording will contain letters , memoranda and other correspondence , with instructions for [show] , attention lines , headings and numbered/lettered paragraphs .

In the manuscript assignment , candidates will be required to demonstrate display techniques .
in the manuscript assignment , candidates will be required to demonstrate [show] techniques .

The recording will contain letters , memoranda and other correspondence , with instruction for display , attention lines , headings and numbered/lettered paragraphs .
the recording will contain letters , memoranda and other correspondence , with instruction for [show] , attention lines , headings and numbered/lettered paragraphs .

The manuscript assignment , candidates will be required to demonstrate display techniques .
the manuscript assignment , candidates will be required to demonstrate [show] techniques .

The examination will test accuracy , neatness , intelligent display and reasonable output .
the examination will test accuracy , neatness , intelligent [show] and reasonable output .

The proficiency examination will test accuracy , neatness , intelligent display and reasonable output .
the proficiency examination will test accuracy , neatness , intelligent [show] and reasonable output .

The proficiency examination will test accuracy , neatness , intelligent display and reasonable output .
the proficiency examination will test accuracy , neatness , intelligent [show] and reasonable output .

Candidates will be able to display good comprehension without risking a loss of marks through poor production .
candidates will be able to [show] good comprehension without risking a loss of marks through poor production .

Candidates should display the virtues of good non-literary writing — order , clarity , balance , relevance , economy and logic .
candidates should [show] the virtues of good non-literary writing — order , clarity , balance , relevance , economy and logic .

Nevertheless , there will be scope for the display of imagination , originality and business background and fulfilling the role and developing the scenario .
nevertheless , there will be scope for the [show] of imagination , originality and business background and fulfilling the role and developing the scenario .

Candidates are therefore required to display a knowledge of business practice and an ability to discuss commercial and economic issues .
candidates are therefore required to [show] a knowledge of business practice and an ability to discuss commercial and economic issues .

‘ If you want to include unusual information , like environmental data , pipeline data , bathymetry , topography or any remotely-sensed data , Arc has the ability to handle all these and display them in colour . ’
‘ if you want to include unusual information , like environmental data , pipeline data , bathymetry , topography or any remotely-sensed data , arc has the ability to handle all these and [show] them in colour . ’

Museum display for Wedgwood in Holland
museum [show] for wedgwood in holland

Michael was also invited by the Sogo Group to display his skills in the five stores located in Tokyo . He summed up the visit by saying
michael was also invited by the sogo group to [show] his skills in the five stores located in tokyo . he summed up the visit by saying

Here are some guidelines which you should follow in order to improve your comfort during work with visual display units :
here are some guidelines which you should follow in order to improve your comfort during work with visual [show] units :

Literary extracts and picnic recipes will be on display , complementing , for example , country scenes and classical pictures of Ascot and Henley .
literary extracts and picnic recipes will be on [show] , complementing , for example , country scenes and classical pictures of ascot and henley .

Most of the fascinating equipment will be placed in the Wedgwood Museum 's reserve collection for future use , but some will go on display immediately .
most of the fascinating equipment will be placed in the wedgwood museum 's reserve collection for future use , but some will go on [show] immediately .

The display can be further extended by incorporating 2 large photo panels : again this depends on the size of the venue .
the [show] can be further extended by incorporating 2 large photo panels : again this depends on the size of the venue .

It would certainly be nice to have the display on show in Skye ; MacDiarmid had links with the island through his friendship with the poet Sorley Maclean , and the importance of the Gaelic language and culture was a recurrent theme in his writings .
it would certainly be nice to have the [show] on show in skye ; macdiarmid had links with the island through his friendship with the poet sorley maclean , and the importance of the gaelic language and culture was a recurrent theme in his writings .

The display will be available from spring 1993 .
the [show] will be available from spring 1993 .

You will remember that , some time ago , we expressed the hope that we would be able to mount a small display of your work in the Library either this autumn or next year .
you will remember that , some time ago , we expressed the hope that we would be able to mount a small [show] of your work in the library either this autumn or next year .

There are two options open to us : we can either mount a much more restricted display in the Library than originally hoped ( restricting ourselves to the two display cases in the Barrel Vault leading to the foot of the main staircase ) , or we can examine the possibility of creating a panel-mounted display which would go on show both in the Library and in other venues .
there are two options open to us : we can either mount a much more restricted [show] in the library than originally hoped ( restricting ourselves to the two [show] cases in the barrel vault leading to the foot of the main staircase ) , or we can examine the possibility of creating a panel-mounted [show] which would go on show both in the library and in other venues .

We can say with certainty that we would be able to mount the first kind of display ; but at the moment we can not be so certain about the travelling display which , although the more attractive proposition , has much more significant resource implications .
we can say with certainty that we would be able to mount the first kind of [show] ; but at the moment we can not be so certain about the travelling [show] which , although the more attractive proposition , has much more significant resource implications .

Also opening next spring is an exciting new introductory display in the Queen Anne Casemates , explaining the castle 's rich history and outstanding architecture .
also opening next spring is an exciting new introductory [show] in the queen anne casemates , explaining the castle 's rich history and outstanding architecture .

After extensive conservation and repair work is completed , the Palace will house a rich series of displays showing how its apartments were used by the Stewart monarchs and their households , and a special display will be devoted to the carved wooden Stirling Heads which once decorated the ceiling of the King 's Presence Chamber .
after extensive conservation and repair work is completed , the palace will house a rich series of displays showing how its apartments were used by the stewart monarchs and their households , and a special [show] will be devoted to the carved wooden stirling heads which once decorated the ceiling of the king 's presence chamber .

While it is incumbent upon Bank Management to ensure that they operate profitably to secure profits for expansion , payment to staff and also payment to shareholders , it is also incumbent upon them to display an allegiance to the economy in which they make their profits .
while it is incumbent upon bank management to ensure that they operate profitably to secure profits for expansion , payment to staff and also payment to shareholders , it is also incumbent upon them to [show] an allegiance to the economy in which they make their profits .

However the main focus is on the Honours which are now on display in the Crown Room .
however the main focus is on the honours which are now on [show] in the crown room .

Thanks to Walter Scott , the Honours were rediscovered and put on public display .
thanks to walter scott , the honours were rediscovered and put on public [show] .

Over 30 metres high with walls almost 5 meters thick , it represented a spectacular display of feudal pride by one of the foremost barons of the realm .
over 30 metres high with walls almost 5 meters thick , it represented a spectacular [show] of feudal pride by one of the foremost barons of the realm .

Refrigerators , freezers , display units , mobile counters , salad and pizza preparation units , and soda fountain units are all part of the Garland Catering Equipment Delfield range of refrigeration products .
refrigerators , freezers , [show] units , mobile counters , salad and pizza preparation units , and soda fountain units are all part of the garland catering equipment delfield range of refrigeration products .

The units comply fully with the latest Food Hygiene legislation governing the temperature conditions for the storage and display of food .
the units comply fully with the latest food hygiene legislation governing the temperature conditions for the storage and [show] of food .

Local offices display their service standard and encourage customers to put forward views about the service at any time or through Customer Satisfaction Surveys .
local offices [show] their service standard and encourage customers to put forward views about the service at any time or through customer satisfaction surveys .

Various crafts , by local people were on display , quilting , wood carving , bee keeping , sewing , knitting , picture embroidery .
various crafts , by local people were on [show] , quilting , wood carving , bee keeping , sewing , knitting , picture embroidery .

Neighbourhood Watch The Belmont Road scheme continues to work effectively although cars are continuing to be broken into especially when goods of value are on display .
neighbourhood watch the belmont road scheme continues to work effectively although cars are continuing to be broken into especially when goods of value are on [show] .

As he talks , his actions serve to emphasise his words ; he pounds the table ( researchers Ekman and Friesen described this kind of action as an illustrator ) ; he frowns at you ( an affect display ) ; he lifts an eyebrow indicating he requires an answer to his question ( a regulator ) ; finally , he waves you to the door ( an emblem ) .
as he talks , his actions serve to emphasise his words ; he pounds the table ( researchers ekman and friesen described this kind of action as an illustrator ) ; he frowns at you ( an affect [show] ) ; he lifts an eyebrow indicating he requires an answer to his question ( a regulator ) ; finally , he waves you to the door ( an emblem ) .

This requirement applies to almost all goods displayed including any displayed in a shop window or display .
this requirement applies to almost all goods displayed including any displayed in a shop window or [show] .

is authorised by the Head of Department to use display screen equipment and
is authorised by the head of department to use [show] screen equipment and

normally uses display screen equipment on a daily basis for a continuous spell of at least one hour at any time ( or an equivalent duration ) .
normally uses [show] screen equipment on a daily basis for a continuous spell of at least one hour at any time ( or an equivalent duration ) .

Where the user takes advantage of the voluntary vision screening programme and as a consequence of vision defects at the viewing distances used specifically for the display screen work concerned is recommended to have a full eyesight examination by an ophthalmic optician , then during this interim period , the user will be permitted to use an ophthalmic optician of their own choice .
where the user takes advantage of the voluntary vision screening programme and as a consequence of vision defects at the viewing distances used specifically for the [show] screen work concerned is recommended to have a full eyesight examination by an ophthalmic optician , then during this interim period , the user will be permitted to use an ophthalmic optician of their own choice .

Where the ophthalmic optician subsequently prescribes special corrective appliances solely to correct vision defects at the viewing distances used specifically for the display screen work concerned , and where normal corrective appliances ( ie those prescribed for any other purposes ) can not be used , during this interim period , a Head of Department will refund such costs up to a maximum of £50 .
where the ophthalmic optician subsequently prescribes special corrective appliances solely to correct vision defects at the viewing distances used specifically for the [show] screen work concerned , and where normal corrective appliances ( ie those prescribed for any other purposes ) can not be used , during this interim period , a head of department will refund such costs up to a maximum of £50 .

’ It seemed as if Lydia would take them like a new baby and display them triumphantly to the assembled company .
’ it seemed as if lydia would take them like a new baby and [show] them triumphantly to the assembled company .

An antique revolver on display in his bookcase had not been fired since he had purchased it .
an antique revolver on [show] in his bookcase had not been fired since he had purchased it .

He was not expecting this display of outright defiance .
he was not expecting this [show] of outright defiance .

That was the most appalling display she 's offered up for years .
that was the most appalling [show] she 's offered up for years .

The degrees offered by the department provide a good basis for entering a number of professions , such as teaching in universities , art schools ( especially for those with a combined practical and academic degree ) , colleges and schools , working in museums and galleries , in publishing and in the book trade in general , in auction houses , in arts administration at local or national level , and in the conservation and display of ancient monuments .
the degrees offered by the department provide a good basis for entering a number of professions , such as teaching in universities , art schools ( especially for those with a combined practical and academic degree ) , colleges and schools , working in museums and galleries , in publishing and in the book trade in general , in auction houses , in arts administration at local or national level , and in the conservation and [show] of ancient monuments .

The pornographic magazines are all in narrow drawers in the library , the erotic classics are in grave bindings , and the drawings are never put on display .
the pornographic magazines are all in narrow drawers in the library , the erotic classics are in grave bindings , and the drawings are never put on [show] .

On the wall opposite there was an illuminated display listing the tourist attractions of the city .
on the wall opposite there was an illuminated [show] listing the tourist attractions of the city .

They could start with a display about the concentration camp at Jasenovac .
they could start with a [show] about the concentration camp at jasenovac .

Before his eyes was the ‘ Vehicle Condition Monitor ’ , a dot-matrix display that gave warning of any problem from handbrake on to brake failure .
before his eyes was the ‘ vehicle condition monitor ’ , a dot-matrix [show] that gave warning of any problem from handbrake on to brake failure .

Commercial enterprises had hired space to display their goods or services — makers of sports equipment and clothing , banks , building societies .
commercial enterprises had hired space to [show] their goods or services — makers of sports equipment and clothing , banks , building societies .

’ He stared at the complex array of panels , dials , visual display units and keyboards .
’ he stared at the complex array of panels , dials , visual [show] units and keyboards .

Neither the retailer nor the consumer needs to know or care where the product comes from , though some countries now have ‘ country of origin ' rules making mandatory the display of this information .
neither the retailer nor the consumer needs to know or care where the product comes from , though some countries now have ‘ country of origin ' rules making mandatory the [show] of this information .

Nor does the list display much unity , apart from the suggested group around the Hoptons .
nor does the list [show] much unity , apart from the suggested group around the hoptons .

These signals are sampled , ourier transformed , and following data reordering , are presented to an image display device .
these signals are sampled , ourier transformed , and following data reordering , are presented to an image [show] device .

The display refresh time is around 80 ms which limits our real time frame rate to a maxmum of three frames per second .
the [show] refresh time is around 80 ms which limits our real time frame rate to a maxmum of three frames per second .

The same response was then produced withholding the visual display .
the same response was then produced withholding the visual [show] .

It was in the Imperial age that the full magnificence and display of Roman architecture was reached .
it was in the imperial age that the full magnificence and [show] of roman architecture was reached .

This is not surprising : the military class was more concerned with conspicuous display than with the creation of national wealth , and it would be anachronistic to expect them to have any other outlook .
this is not surprising : the military class was more concerned with conspicuous [show] than with the creation of national wealth , and it would be anachronistic to expect them to have any other outlook .

With bold images designed to convince bosses and clients quickly , such programs make it easy to break the rules of objective data display .
with bold images designed to convince bosses and clients quickly , such programs make it easy to break the rules of objective data [show] .

Exposure and outcome must be distinguished : a graphic should display variation in outcome as a function of exposure , and not the other way around .
exposure and outcome must be distinguished : a graphic should [show] variation in outcome as a function of exposure , and not the other way around .

For instance , for a binary outcome variable , such as recurrence of disease or death , it makes little sense to display group means and CIs of explanatory variables such as age or dose .
for instance , for a binary outcome variable , such as recurrence of disease or death , it makes little sense to [show] group means and cis of explanatory variables such as age or dose .

Given two graphics that display identical information , the better graphic uses less ink .
given two graphics that [show] identical information , the better graphic uses less ink .

In figure 2 , the nine data points are the principal feature of the display , with a minimum of non-data-ink to interrupt the message ; its data-ink-ratio is close to one .
in figure 2 , the nine data points are the principal feature of the [show] , with a minimum of non-data-ink to interrupt the message ; its data-ink-ratio is close to one .

Hanging display rail for clothes — This is likely to have limited , if any usefulness to the new business and therefore it is likely to be sold , thus under these assumptions Net realizable value is likely to be most appropriate .
hanging [show] rail for clothes — this is likely to have limited , if any usefulness to the new business and therefore it is likely to be sold , thus under these assumptions net realizable value is likely to be most appropriate .

The Edwardian display cases containing apparatus whereby Boyle 's Law could be proven beyond all reasonable doubt , veritably twinkled .
the edwardian [show] cases containing apparatus whereby boyle 's law could be proven beyond all reasonable doubt , veritably twinkled .

It differed considerably from the big brash construction currently on display at the town hall , which stood beneath a sign which read
it differed considerably from the big brash construction currently on [show] at the town hall , which stood beneath a sign which read

The third part ( Sections 7–8 ) describes the additional facilities offered in support of software control , and the Visual Display Unit interface provided for users .
the third part ( sections 7–8 ) describes the additional facilities offered in support of software control , and the visual [show] unit interface provided for users .

Interaction is entirely conducted by means of display pages :
interaction is entirely conducted by means of [show] pages :

There are a number of such display page types :
there are a number of such [show] page types :

The first response is a single line prompt on the current display page .
the first response is a single line prompt on the current [show] page .

The screen is made up of six windows , each of which can display the current activity of one handler controlling one media unit .
the screen is made up of six windows , each of which can [show] the current activity of one handler controlling one media unit .

On completion , each option will display a success or failure message on the page , followed by the prompt :
on completion , each option will [show] a success or failure message on the page , followed by the prompt :

These are referred to hereafter as Display Pages .
these are referred to hereafter as [show] pages .

An example of a display page is given in figure 2.2 .
an example of a [show] page is given in figure 2.2 .

Scrolled area indicators allow the user to determine , at a glance , if there are ‘ hidden ’ entries in a scrolled area ; ie. entries which lie outside the display area .
scrolled area indicators allow the user to determine , at a glance , if there are ‘ hidden ’ entries in a scrolled area ; ie. entries which lie outside the [show] area .

The right hand edge of the box enclosing the scrolled area is used to display a ‘ marker ’ at this position . Different markers are used to indicate :
the right hand edge of the box enclosing the scrolled area is used to [show] a ‘ marker ’ at this position . different markers are used to indicate :

It displays the help text for the current field , and , if the key is pressed again , it will display successive help pages for the current page .
it displays the help text for the current field , and , if the key is pressed again , it will [show] successive help pages for the current page .

No This is an unique integer value which is used to identify a particular cached data item value ( display only ) .
no this is an unique integer value which is used to identify a particular cached data item value ( [show] only ) .

Cache type 68 characters representing a cache data type value ( display only ) .
cache type 68 characters representing a cache data type value ( [show] only ) .

Field No — a unique integer value which is used to identify a particular field ( display only ) .
field no — a unique integer value which is used to identify a particular field ( [show] only ) .

Field Name — 40 characters representing the name of the field ( display only ) .
field name — 40 characters representing the name of the field ( [show] only ) .

Error — error field ( display only ) .
error — error field ( [show] only ) .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access the remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access the remaining lines .

Errors ( Display Field )
errors ( [show] field )

Acc rights ( Display Field )
acc rights ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Selection ( Display Field )
selection ( [show] field )

User Access ( Display Field )
user access ( [show] field )

Type ( Display Field )
type ( [show] field )

Loc ( Display Field )
loc ( [show] field )

Acc rights ( Display Field )
acc rights ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Selection ( Display Field )
selection ( [show] field )

Type ( Display Field )
type ( [show] field )

Loc ( Display Field )
loc ( [show] field )

Errors ( Display Field )
errors ( [show] field )

Acc rights ( Display Field )
acc rights ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Sel ( Display Field )
sel ( [show] field )

Type ( Display Field )
type ( [show] field )

Loc ( Display Field )
loc ( [show] field )

Errors ( Display Field )
errors ( [show] field )

Read From Root Package — Display Ancestry .
read from root package — [show] ancestry .

Acc rights ( Display Field )
acc rights ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Sel ( Display Field )
sel ( [show] field )

Type ( Display Field )
type ( [show] field )

Loc ( Display Field )
loc ( [show] field )

Errors ( Display Field )
errors ( [show] field )

Read From Root Package — Display Ancestry
read from root package — [show] ancestry

This page enables you to display the ancestry of packages currently being processed .
this page enables you to [show] the ancestry of packages currently being processed .

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

This option can accommodate package structures up to 20 levels deep , and the scrolled area can display up to 20 package names .
this option can accommodate package structures up to 20 levels deep , and the scrolled area can [show] up to 20 package names .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Errors ( Display Field )
errors ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Status ( Display Field )
status ( [show] field )

On/Offline ( Display Field )
on/offline ( [show] field )

Errors ( Display Field )
errors ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

This option enables you to display information about an individual module .
this option enables you to [show] information about an individual module .

Part Number ( Display Field )
part number ( [show] field )

Model type ( Display Field )
model type ( [show] field )

Model sub type ( Display Field )
model sub type ( [show] field )

Model state id ( Display Field )
model state id ( [show] field )

Model state name ( Display Field )
model state name ( [show] field )

Module type ( Display Field )
module type ( [show] field )

Charge code ( Display Field )
charge code ( [show] field )

Latest version ( Display Field )
latest version ( [show] field )

Module title ( Display Field )
module title ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Status ( Display Field )
status ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Assessment Comment ( Display Field )
assessment comment ( [show] field )

The scrolled area will display the assessment comment provided , if any .
the scrolled area will [show] the assessment comment provided , if any .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

Scrolled Area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Scrolled Area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Scrolled Area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

The scrolled area will display the packages that have to be endorsed , from the start package specified , and you may enter a Mark to indicate which packages you wish to accept or reject .
the scrolled area will [show] the packages that have to be endorsed , from the start package specified , and you may enter a mark to indicate which packages you wish to accept or reject .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

Scrolled Area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Scrolled Area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Product package ( Display Field )
product package ( [show] field )

Package version ( Display Field )
package version ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

When you enter this option , the scrolled area will display a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .
when you enter this option , the scrolled area will [show] a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Time ( Display Field )
time ( [show] field )

St ( Display Field )
st ( [show] field )

Title ( Display Field )
title ( [show] field )

Ac ( Display Field )
ac ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

When you enter this option , the scrolled area will display a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .
when you enter this option , the scrolled area will [show] a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Time ( Display Field )
time ( [show] field )

St ( Display Field )
st ( [show] field )

Title ( Display Field )
title ( [show] field )

Ac ( Display Field )
ac ( [show] field )

When you enter this option , the scrolled area will display a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .
when you enter this option , the scrolled area will [show] a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Time ( Display Field )
time ( [show] field )

St ( Display Field )
st ( [show] field )

Title ( Display Field )
title ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

When you enter this option , the scrolled area will display a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .
when you enter this option , the scrolled area will [show] a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Time ( Display Field )
time ( [show] field )

St ( Display Field )
st ( [show] field )

Title ( Display Field )
title ( [show] field )

When you enter this option , the scrolled area will display a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .
when you enter this option , the scrolled area will [show] a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Time ( Display Field )
time ( [show] field )

St ( Display Field )
st ( [show] field )

Title ( Display Field )
title ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

When you enter this option , the scrolled area will display a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .
when you enter this option , the scrolled area will [show] a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Time ( Display Field )
time ( [show] field )

St ( Display Field )
st ( [show] field )

Title ( Display Field )
title ( [show] field )

When you enter this option , the scrolled area will display a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .
when you enter this option , the scrolled area will [show] a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Time ( Display Field )
time ( [show] field )

St ( Display Field )
st ( [show] field )

Title ( Display Field )
title ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

When you enter this option , the scrolled area will display a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .
when you enter this option , the scrolled area will [show] a set of up to 16 of your oldest mail messages .

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Time ( Display Field )
time ( [show] field )

St ( Display Field )
st ( [show] field )

Title ( Display Field )
title ( [show] field )

Ancestors name ( Display Field )
ancestors name ( [show] field )

User parent ( Display Field )
user parent ( [show] field )

All users may display information about their relations , up or down the family tree .
all users may [show] information about their relations , up or down the family tree .

User parent ( Display Field )
user parent ( [show] field )

Personal name ( Display Field )
personal name ( [show] field )

Location ( Display Field )
location ( [show] field )

Default node ( Display Field )
default node ( [show] field )

Privileges ( Display Field )
privileges ( [show] field )

Roles ( Display Field )
roles ( [show] field )

This option enables you to display a list of a user 's immediate relations , both up and down the family tree .
this option enables you to [show] a list of a user 's immediate relations , both up and down the family tree .

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Current user ( Display Field )
current user ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Errors ( Display Field )
errors ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

Date ( Display Field )
date ( [show] field )

Module Name ( Display Field )
module name ( [show] field )

Issue ( Display Field )
issue ( [show] field )

Associated User ( Display Field )
associated user ( [show] field )

St ( Display Field )
st ( [show] field )

Date ( Display Field )
date ( [show] field )

Event Title ( Display Field )
event title ( [show] field )

Act ( Display Field )
act ( [show] field )

This option enables you to display information about a single installed process model .
this option enables you to [show] information about a single installed process model .

Acc rights ( Display Field )
acc rights ( [show] field )

Scrolled area ( Display Field )
scrolled area ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Selection ( Display Field )
selection ( [show] field )

User Access ( Display Field )
user access ( [show] field )

Type ( Display Field )
type ( [show] field )

Loc ( Display Field )
loc ( [show] field )

However , by using the up and down arrow keys , the display area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .
however , by using the up and down arrow keys , the [show] area can be scrolled to access any remaining lines .

Media item ( Display Field )
media item ( [show] field )

Blocks In Use ( Display Field )
blocks in use ( [show] field )

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

Unit Id ( Display Field )
unit id ( [show] field )

Err ( Display Field )
err ( [show] field )

Media Type ( Display Field )
media type ( [show] field )

Error ( Display Field )
error ( [show] field )

The location within a display page on which a single item of information is displayed or input .
the location within a [show] page on which a single item of information is displayed or input .

You should select this option again to display further information .
you should select this option again to [show] further information .

You should select this option again to display further products .
you should select this option again to [show] further products .

You should select this option again to display further SPRs .
you should select this option again to [show] further sprs .

You should select this option again to display further SSRs .
you should select this option again to [show] further ssrs .

You should select this option again to display further data .
you should select this option again to [show] further data .

Option 1.7.1 , View Module Details , enables the user to display information about an individual module .
option 1.7.1 , view module details , enables the user to [show] information about an individual module .

Option 1.7.2 , View Module Substate , enables the user to display the substate of an individual module .
option 1.7.2 , view module substate , enables the user to [show] the substate of an individual module .

At the specified time , Offline will display the offline workload at an Operator Terminal , and the Offline Operator 's task is to mount the appropriate media items requested by Offline and dismount them when Offline has completed its specified workload .
at the specified time , offline will [show] the offline workload at an operator terminal , and the offline operator 's task is to mount the appropriate media items requested by offline and dismount them when offline has completed its specified workload .

Liotta is superb in the central role though Pesci as the mercurial and psychopathic DeVito easily steals the picture , switching moods on a knife-edge in a calculating yet effortless display of control .
liotta is superb in the central role though pesci as the mercurial and psychopathic devito easily steals the picture , switching moods on a knife-edge in a calculating yet effortless [show] of control .

Sometimes in darkness you can find light and Deran Dwyer prove the point , concentrating densely on moody atmospherics but at the same time bristling with a blazing guitar which illuminates like a firework display .
sometimes in darkness you can find light and deran dwyer prove the point , concentrating densely on moody atmospherics but at the same time bristling with a blazing guitar which illuminates like a firework [show] .

Northside have taken a trip from the street to the stage without appearing to stop off at the rehearsal room , and display no remorse at waltzing straight into the charts .
northside have taken a trip from the street to the stage without appearing to stop off at the rehearsal room , and [show] no remorse at waltzing straight into the charts .

smoke particles in air or pollen grains in water display erratic movement .
smoke particles in air or pollen grains in water [show] erratic movement .

In other words ‘ the Russian revolution will create conditions in which power can pass in to the hands of the workers … before the politicians of bourgeois liberalism get the chance to display to the full their talent for governing ’ .
in other words ‘ the russian revolution will create conditions in which power can pass in to the hands of the workers … before the politicians of bourgeois liberalism get the chance to [show] to the full their talent for governing ’ .

The interior renovations were carried out by Whitecroft Design , specialists in display who also build Stoddard 's exhibition stands for ‘ Interior Design International ’ , ‘ Harrogate ’ and ‘ Decorex ’ the three main annual exhibitions .
the interior renovations were carried out by whitecroft design , specialists in [show] who also build stoddard 's exhibition stands for ‘ interior design international ’ , ‘ harrogate ’ and ‘ decorex ’ the three main annual exhibitions .

Specialised lighting , racking systems and display units have all been installed .
specialised lighting , racking systems and [show] units have all been installed .

Towards the end of the conference , using a floodlit display the new Axminster range ‘ Lafayette ’ was unveiled and introduced by Design Director Bill Naysmith .
towards the end of the conference , using a floodlit [show] the new axminster range ‘ lafayette ’ was unveiled and introduced by design director bill naysmith .

Dramatic Display at International Show
dramatic [show] at international show

His epIc victory , a huge panel depicting the War Of The Roses , is on permanent display at London 's Barbican Centre , while his individualistic collection of lead works — intricate horses , faces , torsos and fruit — also has a London showcase this month at the Rebecca Hossack Gallery .
his epic victory , a huge panel depicting the war of the roses , is on permanent [show] at london 's barbican centre , while his individualistic collection of lead works — intricate horses , faces , torsos and fruit — also has a london showcase this month at the rebecca hossack gallery .

Shop assistants would n't dream of suspecting them , with their designer clothes and posh accents , of palming the expensive clothes on display .
shop assistants would n't dream of suspecting them , with their designer clothes and posh accents , of palming the expensive clothes on [show] .

But after a while the brain gym produces a sense of slipping away , while flashing colours play like a beautiful slow-motion firework display before your eyes .
but after a while the brain gym produces a sense of slipping away , while flashing colours play like a beautiful slow-motion firework [show] before your eyes .

Finally , a seat snuggling in front of the window encourages lingering to enjoy the detail of this fantastic display .
finally , a seat snuggling in front of the window encourages lingering to enjoy the detail of this fantastic [show] .

So often gardens today are geared towards large drifts of shrubs and herbaceous material , which , although ideal for easy maintenance , display little in the way of infinite details .
so often gardens today are geared towards large drifts of shrubs and herbaceous material , which , although ideal for easy maintenance , [show] little in the way of infinite details .

And to look at the colourful display of begonias , geraniums and fuchsias set against the trees and shrubs , the unusual rockery plants , the miniature acres in their raised beds , linked pools and waterfall , emptying into a small bog garden , and the greenhouse brimming with plants raised from cuttings and seed , you would think the Doughtys spend hours every day keeping it all in trim .
and to look at the colourful [show] of begonias , geraniums and fuchsias set against the trees and shrubs , the unusual rockery plants , the miniature acres in their raised beds , linked pools and waterfall , emptying into a small bog garden , and the greenhouse brimming with plants raised from cuttings and seed , you would think the doughtys spend hours every day keeping it all in trim .

The globular heads or ornamental onion , Allium karataviense make a stunning display in this large clay pot in May and June .
the globular heads or ornamental onion , allium karataviense make a stunning [show] in this large clay pot in may and june .

Photographs , coloured yarn and a short text made up the rest of the display .
photographs , coloured yarn and a short text made up the rest of the [show] .

These now feature in carpet shops along with more exclusive display units of various sizes built to suit every purpose
these now feature in carpet shops along with more exclusive [show] units of various sizes built to suit every purpose

It is one that is comprehensively supported with new point of sale with an emphasis on display that is vital in today 's competitive market .
it is one that is comprehensively supported with new point of sale with an emphasis on [show] that is vital in today 's competitive market .

Many varied styles were on display with most of the paintings available for sale .
many varied styles were on [show] with most of the paintings available for sale .

Women are part of the leadership of the Intifada and their organising and incredible display of unity is a major impetus to the Uprising .
women are part of the leadership of the intifada and their organising and incredible [show] of unity is a major impetus to the uprising .

Ironically , it was Artemesia 's horrendous experience that gave her talent focus , strength and direction — hence her paintings of heroic women and paintings that capture the disturbing sense of sexual threat and graphic display of woman 's vengence — voicing Artemesia Gentileschi 's own anger and rage .
ironically , it was artemesia 's horrendous experience that gave her talent focus , strength and direction — hence her paintings of heroic women and paintings that capture the disturbing sense of sexual threat and graphic [show] of woman 's vengence — voicing artemesia gentileschi 's own anger and rage .

In fact , prisoners are usually killed and their bodies put on display , another medieval touch .
in fact , prisoners are usually killed and their bodies put on [show] , another medieval touch .

Visitors were able to see the versatility of design and product range by a display which portrayed the four themes of shipping , hotel and leisure , pubs and commercial interiors .
visitors were able to see the versatility of design and product range by a [show] which portrayed the four themes of shipping , hotel and leisure , pubs and commercial interiors .

By structuring the display in such a direct manner , specific enquiries were encouraged resulting in many leads to be followed after the show .
by structuring the [show] in such a direct manner , specific enquiries were encouraged resulting in many leads to be followed after the show .

Initial reports suggest that visitor numbers were down on previous years , but that the quality of enquiry was high , helped by the positive reaction of visitors responding to specific areas of business on display .
initial reports suggest that visitor numbers were down on previous years , but that the quality of enquiry was high , helped by the positive reaction of visitors responding to specific areas of business on [show] .

Books of patterns , representing the many items in each range of carpets are also compiles , along with the many different sample sizes required for display purposes .
books of patterns , representing the many items in each range of carpets are also compiles , along with the many different sample sizes required for [show] purposes .

The Fusion bonded process , of which Stoddards are the leaders in technology , was also on display as were the many ancillary processes required to make a finished carpet of quality .
the fusion bonded process , of which stoddards are the leaders in technology , was also on [show] as were the many ancillary processes required to make a finished carpet of quality .

Fabric display units have been specifically designed for point of sale and , since the launch of the initiative in January , are being steadily introduced to around five hundred retailers nationwide .
fabric [show] units have been specifically designed for point of sale and , since the launch of the initiative in january , are being steadily introduced to around five hundred retailers nationwide .

Famous carpets from Templeton 's past are being assembled for display in ‘ Glasgow 's Glasgow ’ , an exhibition staged in the vaulted arches below Central Station .
famous carpets from templeton 's past are being assembled for [show] in ‘ glasgow 's glasgow ’ , an exhibition staged in the vaulted arches below central station .

Producing a screw driver , he set about updating the display units by inserting new designs and removing discontinued items .
producing a screw driver , he set about updating the [show] units by inserting new designs and removing discontinued items .

These were customer built display units belonging to Martin & Frost , each requiring samples of a special size , all of which have been prepared using the computer p.o.s .
these were customer built [show] units belonging to martin & frost , each requiring samples of a special size , all of which have been prepared using the computer p.o.s .

Carpets , being a dusty product makes display stands look neglected , but after this treatment it stood out amongst its rivals .
carpets , being a dusty product makes [show] stands look neglected , but after this treatment it stood out amongst its rivals .

When finished , the display unit fulfilled its role to reflect a quality image , a necessary advantage in an overcrowded market and one evidently appreciated by the showroom manager with whom Eddie discussed the changes that had been made .
when finished , the [show] unit fulfilled its role to reflect a quality image , a necessary advantage in an overcrowded market and one evidently appreciated by the showroom manager with whom eddie discussed the changes that had been made .

New samples were carried and added to the display , labels were checked and ironed and the large Triple Tombola given the ‘ Super Dazzle ’ treatment .
new samples were carried and added to the [show] , labels were checked and ironed and the large triple tombola given the ‘ super dazzle ’ treatment .

Eddie McDermid gives a Triple Tombola Display Unit the ‘ Super Dazzle ’ treatment .
eddie mcdermid gives a triple tombola [show] unit the ‘ super dazzle ’ treatment .

As a mark of recognition , the Royal Warrant is known and respected worldwide , and as such , it is of tremendous value to those companies that proudly display the Royal Crest above their name .
as a mark of recognition , the royal warrant is known and respected worldwide , and as such , it is of tremendous value to those companies that proudly [show] the royal crest above their name .

The glittering prizes are all on display at the Stoddard Golf Club Annual Dinner , held in the Elderslie Village Hall .
the glittering prizes are all on [show] at the stoddard golf club annual dinner , held in the elderslie village hall .

The manager , Julie Nisbet is a qualified zoologist who takes a pride in the presentation of a wide range of specimens from tiny ammonites at 20p to the most expensive item on show , a slab of rock found in the Wyoming Green River area which contains the fossilised remains of 3 different types of fishes — a beautiful display which costs £3400 .
the manager , julie nisbet is a qualified zoologist who takes a pride in the presentation of a wide range of specimens from tiny ammonites at 20p to the most expensive item on show , a slab of rock found in the wyoming green river area which contains the fossilised remains of 3 different types of fishes — a beautiful [show] which costs £3400 .

Mum collected an empty trolley from the bay and they started to walk slowly past the butter and margarine display .
mum collected an empty trolley from the bay and they started to walk slowly past the butter and margarine [show] .

However , in what the Guardian of July 9 called `` a scintillating display of his personality and skill at manipulation `` , Gorbachev castigated and cajoled the congress into reversing this decision ; on this and several subsequent occasions it was proved that the combative talk by the majority conservatives was strikingly at odds with their docility when it came to challenging outright the will of the party leader . ``
however , in what the guardian of july 9 called `` a scintillating [show] of his personality and skill at manipulation `` , gorbachev castigated and cajoled the congress into reversing this decision ; on this and several subsequent occasions it was proved that the combative talk by the majority conservatives was strikingly at odds with their docility when it came to challenging outright the will of the party leader . ``

Many of those concerned about the ignorance and marginalization of Christianity in numerous schools have failed to state publicly what is insightful about the multi-faith approach , and those convinced of the appropriateness of the latter have tended to display similar insensitivity towards the former .
many of those concerned about the ignorance and marginalization of christianity in numerous schools have failed to state publicly what is insightful about the multi-faith approach , and those convinced of the appropriateness of the latter have tended to [show] similar insensitivity towards the former .

Advertisements classified to put in newspaper/magazine for sale/wanted who dares to stay overnight in the Haunted House ? cards in shop window " Lost — one dragon ! " display advertisements/posters .
advertisements classified to put in newspaper/magazine for sale/wanted who dares to stay overnight in the haunted house ? cards in shop window " lost — one dragon ! " [show] advertisements/posters .

In August 1946 there was a striking display of American independence .
in august 1946 there was a striking [show] of american independence .

Bevin , impressed by Soviet intransigence during the foreign ministers ' conference at the end of 1947 , decided that the time had come for a more overt display of Western unity .
bevin , impressed by soviet intransigence during the foreign ministers ' conference at the end of 1947 , decided that the time had come for a more overt [show] of western unity .

Besides , Gregory 's preface is in itself something of a rhetorical display , leading to a defence of his use of rustic speech .
besides , gregory 's preface is in itself something of a rhetorical [show] , leading to a defence of his use of rustic speech .

The `` anarchist Prince `` , Petr Kropotkin , who was a boy in the Corps des Pages in the late 1850s and a revolutionary in exile by the time the reign ended , thought Alexander suffered from a split personality : `` two different men lived in him , both strongly developed , struggling with each other … He could be charming in his behaviour , and the next moment display sheer brutality .
the `` anarchist prince `` , petr kropotkin , who was a boy in the corps des pages in the late 1850s and a revolutionary in exile by the time the reign ended , thought alexander suffered from a split personality : `` two different men lived in him , both strongly developed , struggling with each other … he could be charming in his behaviour , and the next moment [show] sheer brutality .

It was still easy , particularly in a post where lavish public display and expensive entertainment were essential , for them to incur heavy personal debts .
it was still easy , particularly in a post where lavish public [show] and expensive entertainment were essential , for them to incur heavy personal debts .

Every log , as it is picked up , can be examined as an individual work of art — shape , grain , colour , weight — before being placed carefully on the fire in the correct position , to give its own artistic display of pyrotechnics .
every log , as it is picked up , can be examined as an individual work of art — shape , grain , colour , weight — before being placed carefully on the fire in the correct position , to give its own artistic [show] of pyrotechnics .

His lifeless body sunfished backwards , arms outflung , slammed into a display rack and crashed to the ground in a cascade of oil cans .
his lifeless body sunfished backwards , arms outflung , slammed into a [show] rack and crashed to the ground in a cascade of oil cans .

His humiliation and fear were washed away by a tide of anger , at this open display of contempt .
his humiliation and fear were washed away by a tide of anger , at this open [show] of contempt .

The match kicked off with a parade of golfers , a display from the Red Arrows in the air and the playing of national anthems that included the German , Spanish , British and one for Uncle Sam .
the match kicked off with a parade of golfers , a [show] from the red arrows in the air and the playing of national anthems that included the german , spanish , british and one for uncle sam .

The focus of the study , therefore , will be upon ten such groups ( some eighty to one hundred senior executives in all ) and will be directly concerned with what such people do in what kinds of context and what kinds of competency they display .
the focus of the study , therefore , will be upon ten such groups ( some eighty to one hundred senior executives in all ) and will be directly concerned with what such people do in what kinds of context and what kinds of competency they [show] .

‘ European Attitudes to Old Age ’ is a photographic display illustrating the cultural differences shown by European countries to older people .
‘ european attitudes to old age ’ is a photographic [show] illustrating the cultural differences shown by european countries to older people .

Scottish University championships and other national competitions have also provided trophies for club members to display proudly .
scottish university championships and other national competitions have also provided trophies for club members to [show] proudly .

Colour photographs of diacetylene liquid crystals synthesized as part of the new materials research programme into materials for photonics ; a field concerned with optical data display , recording and processing , described as the technology of the twenty-first century .
colour photographs of diacetylene liquid crystals synthesized as part of the new materials research programme into materials for photonics ; a field concerned with optical data [show] , recording and processing , described as the technology of the twenty-first century .

The data are then being used to display trends in the variations between authorities over the period 1975/76 to 1983/84 .
the data are then being used to [show] trends in the variations between authorities over the period 1975/76 to 1983/84 .

Coronation Street 's Sally Whittaker will officially open the air display with the aid of Mayor Willie Hay .
coronation street 's sally whittaker will officially open the air [show] with the aid of mayor willie hay .

The assortment of star quality on display at Thursday 's Starsearch heat in Derry 's Delacroix Inn had the judging panel transfixed .
the assortment of star quality on [show] at thursday 's starsearch heat in derry 's delacroix inn had the judging panel transfixed .

Those of us who were there to witness his quite wretched display against Dundee United in the league in those first few months , and to hear Graeme Souness 's private condemnation of it later , can only realise now the formidable character this player is blessed with .
those of us who were there to witness his quite wretched [show] against dundee united in the league in those first few months , and to hear graeme souness 's private condemnation of it later , can only realise now the formidable character this player is blessed with .

Eight-times Ryder Cup star Neil Coles produced a spectacular display to fire himself into contention for top prize in the £50,000 Gary Player Seniors Golf Classic at St Pierre , Chepstow .
eight-times ryder cup star neil coles produced a spectacular [show] to fire himself into contention for top prize in the £50,000 gary player seniors golf classic at st pierre , chepstow .

The whole secret is to get over the first round and then improve your display for the next game .
the whole secret is to get over the first round and then improve your [show] for the next game .

Shandon Park 's Philip Purdy turned in a storming display to demolish Hugh O'Neill by 5 and 4 finishing with an eagle 3 at the 14th hole where he steered a three iron to 12 feet and rolled the putt .
shandon park 's philip purdy turned in a storming [show] to demolish hugh o'neill by 5 and 4 finishing with an eagle 3 at the 14th hole where he steered a three iron to 12 feet and rolled the putt .

The now traditional display of Vintage bikes will be held on Friday at the start-finish area from 6pm with laps of the old and new circuits beginning at 7pm .
the now traditional [show] of vintage bikes will be held on friday at the start-finish area from 6pm with laps of the old and new circuits beginning at 7pm .

But Cork , hugely disappointed with their overall display , show two changes .
but cork , hugely disappointed with their overall [show] , show two changes .

Among the entertainments on offer are amusements , a band parade , stalls , sports and a grand finale fireworks display .
among the entertainments on offer are amusements , a band parade , stalls , sports and a grand finale fireworks [show] .

‘ Retailers should be aware that they are committing an offence if they do not display prices on or near to the goods .
‘ retailers should be aware that they are committing an offence if they do not [show] prices on or near to the goods .

Bangor 's 80-year-old Carnegie Library , situated in Hamilton Road , is in constant need of repair , with a large stock of books which can not be put on public display because of the limited floor space .
bangor 's 80-year-old carnegie library , situated in hamilton road , is in constant need of repair , with a large stock of books which can not be put on public [show] because of the limited floor space .

The coins are presented in a protective acrylic display pack with ah and some slip cover .
the coins are presented in a protective acrylic [show] pack with ah and some slip cover .

The dazzling display of blooms took 18 months hard work to create and cost Newtownabbey man Edward Cooke £500 .
the dazzling [show] of blooms took 18 months hard work to create and cost newtownabbey man edward cooke £500 .

Dungannon may have been disjointed at times , and this is n't a performance they will remember , but even an off colour display was more than good enough to keep their Cup hopes alive .
dungannon may have been disjointed at times , and this is n't a performance they will remember , but even an off colour [show] was more than good enough to keep their cup hopes alive .

‘ Yet we won in Bucharest with a great Jimmy Quinn goal and earned the point we needed in our last game at Wembley to go through — thanks to a brilliant goalkeeping display from Pat Jennings .
‘ yet we won in bucharest with a great jimmy quinn goal and earned the point we needed in our last game at wembley to go through — thanks to a brilliant goalkeeping [show] from pat jennings .

Earlier this month the sides played a draw in Limerick , the big Ballycastle clubman stealing the show with a virtuoso display in the middle of the field .
earlier this month the sides played a draw in limerick , the big ballycastle clubman stealing the show with a virtuoso [show] in the middle of the field .

Victory this afternoon in Parnell Park , Antrim 's home from home , would guarantee them a place in the lucrative knock-out stages , while offering the younger players a chance to display their considerable talents .
victory this afternoon in parnell park , antrim 's home from home , would guarantee them a place in the lucrative knock-out stages , while offering the younger players a chance to [show] their considerable talents .

Tenacious tackling and a great display from Peter Canavan at full forward , ensured the Ranch always held the upper hand .
tenacious tackling and a great [show] from peter canavan at full forward , ensured the ranch always held the upper hand .

But this was as close as they got , and a brilliant display from St Mary 's in the last 20 minutes , with Canavan adding on five points from frees , saw the Belfast team through .
but this was as close as they got , and a brilliant [show] from st mary 's in the last 20 minutes , with canavan adding on five points from frees , saw the belfast team through .

On yesterday 's anaemic display they did n't deserve to as Collegians dominated throughout and scored five tries .
on yesterday 's anaemic [show] they did n't deserve to as collegians dominated throughout and scored five tries .

They knocked out the favourites with a superb display of attacking football — coming from behind to score their first ever Irish Cup win over the Blues .
they knocked out the favourites with a superb [show] of attacking football — coming from behind to score their first ever irish cup win over the blues .

But luck was replaced by pluck and you wo n't see a finer display of it than last night .
but luck was replaced by pluck and you wo n't see a finer [show] of it than last night .

An Edwardian telescopic dining table , one extra leaf , made £575 ; a Victorian ebonised and marquetry three door display cabinet , £550 and a three-piece walnut framed two-seater suite , £510 .
an edwardian telescopic dining table , one extra leaf , made £575 ; a victorian ebonised and marquetry three door [show] cabinet , £550 and a three-piece walnut framed two-seater suite , £510 .

Carling 's display confirmed that , while he is a world class centre , he is a very ordinary captain on the field of play .
carling 's [show] confirmed that , while he is a world class centre , he is a very ordinary captain on the field of play .

The rates for on-street pay and display are being increased by ten pence an hour .
the rates for on-street pay and [show] are being increased by ten pence an hour .

The 30-year-old Londoner , son of the late Graham Hill , steered his Canon Williams Renault on to the front row of the provisional grid alongside pole man and team-mate Alain Prost with a brilliantly controlled display of driving on the treacherous Interlagos track .
the 30-year-old londoner , son of the late graham hill , steered his canon williams renault on to the front row of the provisional grid alongside pole man and team-mate alain prost with a brilliantly controlled [show] of driving on the treacherous interlagos track .

1993/94 Display panel : £2,500
1993/94 [show] panel : £2,500

The permanent exhibition demonstrating the scientific and horticultural work of the Garden should include an element of interactive display .
the permanent exhibition demonstrating the scientific and horticultural work of the garden should include an element of interactive [show] .

The possibilities range from display panel technology with a Presentation Manager programme driven by menus , to full interactive video displays .
the possibilities range from [show] panel technology with a presentation manager programme driven by menus , to full interactive video displays .

Display panel 2500
[show] panel 2500

On the First Floor , we should display material from a Permanent Collection of RBGE-owned botanical artworks .
on the first floor , we should [show] material from a permanent collection of rbge-owned botanical artworks .

Display maps at the key positions should remove this problem .
[show] maps at the key positions should remove this problem .

Also , mobile display boards used to direct visitors to exhibitions .
also , mobile [show] boards used to direct visitors to exhibitions .

Health & Safety — Display Screen Equipment .
health & safety — [show] screen equipment .

Health and Safety — Display Screen Equipment .
health and safety — [show] screen equipment .

At a meeting of the Steering Committee it was suggested that the corridor area between the foyer and the lecture theatre could be used to display some of the ‘ behind-the-scenes ’ activities of the Garden .
at a meeting of the steering committee it was suggested that the corridor area between the foyer and the lecture theatre could be used to [show] some of the ‘ behind-the-scenes ’ activities of the garden .

Is there already in existence sufficient illustrative material to put on display boards ( suggest 1 each ) for some or all of these suggestions ?
is there already in existence sufficient illustrative material to put on [show] boards ( suggest 1 each ) for some or all of these suggestions ?

We do not want to incur additional costs in putting this corridor display together .
we do not want to incur additional costs in putting this corridor [show] together .

Display Screen Equipment
[show] screen equipment

Display screen equipment work
[show] screen equipment work

One of the attendants rapped on the door , then they all scampered off , a display of multi-coloured boots flashing along the wooden gantry until they vanished into the mist .
one of the attendants rapped on the door , then they all scampered off , a [show] of multi-coloured boots flashing along the wooden gantry until they vanished into the mist .

They also display all the stratigraphical drawbacks of migration and diachronism .
they also [show] all the stratigraphical drawbacks of migration and diachronism .

We may consider rather the analogy of carpets being brought periodically into a shop for display and rolled out one by one on a pile .
we may consider rather the analogy of carpets being brought periodically into a shop for [show] and rolled out one by one on a pile .

They also display all the features of a volcanicity that lasted late enough to terrify Palaeolithic man and perhaps to provide him with his fire .
they also [show] all the features of a volcanicity that lasted late enough to terrify palaeolithic man and perhaps to provide him with his fire .

He then contrasts this with an ideal world , where users with their own computer display can access any information at the touch of a button .
he then contrasts this with an ideal world , where users with their own computer [show] can access any information at the touch of a button .

It must be on-line , that is , people in the personnel department must have easy access to it by means of visual display units ( VDUs ) on their desks .
it must be on-line , that is , people in the personnel department must have easy access to it by means of visual [show] units ( vdus ) on their desks .

The correct staff number could then be entered directly from this selection screen to display the desired employee 's Personal Data screen .
the correct staff number could then be entered directly from this selection screen to [show] the desired employee 's personal data screen .

System Input and Display Screens
system input and [show] screens

Employee detail records are updated and enquired upon in real time via a single Visual Display Unit in the Personnel Office .
employee detail records are updated and enquired upon in real time via a single visual [show] unit in the personnel office .

There was an army display on for one day only , Mrs Blakey had said at breakfast : the car-park behind the fish-packing station had been taken over for it .
there was an army [show] on for one day only , mrs blakey had said at breakfast : the car-park behind the fish-packing station had been taken over for it .

He walked away from the army display with them , offering them fruit gums and chattering .
he walked away from the army [show] with them , offering them fruit gums and chattering .

Kate said they 'd gone to the army display and mentioned the rations that were taken on Antarctic expeditions .
kate said they 'd gone to the army [show] and mentioned the rations that were taken on antarctic expeditions .

Yet others display associations with mansiones .
yet others [show] associations with mansiones .

At one time it was not uncommon for a retailer to display an exemption clause in his premises or include it in a written contract even though that clause was rendered totally ineffective by Act of Parliament .
at one time it was not uncommon for a retailer to [show] an exemption clause in his premises or include it in a written contract even though that clause was rendered totally ineffective by act of parliament .

There was a dining-room , its vast table formed of two carved stone pillars supporting a smoked-glass top , and there was a bedroom with a display of silver-topped toilet jars , and a fragile lacy négligé hanging on the door .
there was a dining-room , its vast table formed of two carved stone pillars supporting a smoked-glass top , and there was a bedroom with a [show] of silver-topped toilet jars , and a fragile lacy négligé hanging on the door .

Merrill concealed a smile as Sam groaned , but Anna was already striding ahead , her camera trained on the peacock which chose that moment to display .
merrill concealed a smile as sam groaned , but anna was already striding ahead , her camera trained on the peacock which chose that moment to [show] .

The first point to note is that you need to have your spreadsheet open in a resizable window — in Windows 3.1 simply pressing Alt-Enter will toggle between a full size and a resizable window ; in Windows 3.0 you have to minimise the application , then use its Control menu to change the display options in the settings menu to be window rather than full screen .
the first point to note is that you need to have your spreadsheet open in a resizable window — in windows 3.1 simply pressing alt-enter will toggle between a full size and a resizable window ; in windows 3.0 you have to minimise the application , then use its control menu to change the [show] options in the settings menu to be window rather than full screen .

By default Release 2.4 is in graphics mode and the command needed to switch to text mode is : : Display , Mode , Text
by default release 2.4 is in graphics mode and the command needed to switch to text mode is : : [show] , mode , text

Overall the factory tour was an impressive display of quality and pride in the job .
overall the factory tour was an impressive [show] of quality and pride in the job .

All you are asked to do is to type in the baby 's surname and the computer will display or print a random list of baby 's names ( girls or boys ) with the chosen surname .
all you are asked to do is to type in the baby 's surname and the computer will [show] or print a random list of baby 's names ( girls or boys ) with the chosen surname .

You can make a selection of names to be included in the list so the computer will only display combinations of the selected names .
you can make a selection of names to be included in the list so the computer will only [show] combinations of the selected names .

If you get stuck , pressing a combination of keys will show you one solution but , will not show you the graphics display that follows , to see that , you must solve the puzzle yourself , and judging by the opening graphics should be pretty good .
if you get stuck , pressing a combination of keys will show you one solution but , will not show you the graphics [show] that follows , to see that , you must solve the puzzle yourself , and judging by the opening graphics should be pretty good .

Full short cut-keys are available to most menu options and a full configuration and system is included to help set colours , special display characters and all default formatting styles .
full short cut-keys are available to most menu options and a full configuration and system is included to help set colours , special [show] characters and all default formatting styles .

Before you leave your desk for any length of time you load Back Soon which gives you a choice of messages to display .
before you leave your desk for any length of time you load back soon which gives you a choice of messages to [show] .

Full short cut-keys are available to most menu options and a full configuration and system is included to help set colours , special display characters and all default formatting styles .
full short cut-keys are available to most menu options and a full configuration and system is included to help set colours , special [show] characters and all default formatting styles .

The method to be used is to copy the highlighted block to another file specially reserved for the purpose , then count the words and display the result in a simple message box .
the method to be used is to copy the highlighted block to another file specially reserved for the purpose , then count the words and [show] the result in a simple message box .

Either way , it 's a perfectly acceptable display .
either way , it 's a perfectly acceptable [show] .

This graphics card can display 32,000 colours on screen at a maximum resolution of 800x600 .
this graphics card can [show] 32,000 colours on screen at a maximum resolution of 800x600 .

This screen is set to display embedded markers which mark the position of tabs , carriage returns and text attributes .
this screen is set to [show] embedded markers which mark the position of tabs , carriage returns and text attributes .

You can change the screen display resolution and mode .
you can change the screen [show] resolution and mode .

Let's face it — with current monitor technology , the chances of burning an image into the screen phosphors by leaving the same picture on display for a while are very remote .
let's face it — with current monitor technology , the chances of burning an image into the screen phosphors by leaving the same picture on [show] for a while are very remote .

Overall the factory tour was an impressive display of quality and pride in the job .
overall the factory tour was an impressive [show] of quality and pride in the job .

Many spreadsheet users never use more than a mono text mode display !
many spreadsheet users never use more than a mono text mode [show] !

The Magician is aimed firmly at those who are using Windows 3.0 or 3.1 and who need a faster screen redrawing speed combined with a better colour display .
the magician is aimed firmly at those who are using windows 3.0 or 3.1 and who need a faster screen redrawing speed combined with a better colour [show] .

If you are using a full 24 bit colour photo-retouching or vector graphics drawing program on a system which can only display 16 or 256 colours Windows will attempt to represent all the screen colours required .
if you are using a full 24 bit colour photo-retouching or vector graphics drawing program on a system which can only [show] 16 or 256 colours windows will attempt to represent all the screen colours required .

The edit display screen can only be used , for all practical purposes , for cutting and pasting .
the edit [show] screen can only be used , for all practical purposes , for cutting and pasting .

With narrow spacing , Composers Pen can clearly display up to twelve staves at a time , although the program can cope with up to 99 staves in any one composition .
with narrow spacing , composers pen can clearly [show] up to twelve staves at a time , although the program can cope with up to 99 staves in any one composition .

Improv for Windows also offers unparalleled flexibility to : * Create multiple views of the same worksheet , * Expand summarised data to show detail , and * Hide or display any part of a worksheet for greater clarity .
improv for windows also offers unparalleled flexibility to : * create multiple views of the same worksheet , * expand summarised data to show detail , and * hide or [show] any part of a worksheet for greater clarity .

The multidimensional structure of Improv for Windows supports a robust spreadsheet design , so that users can display , arrange an manipulate up to 12 categories of data with a worksheet at one time .
the multidimensional structure of improv for windows supports a robust spreadsheet design , so that users can [show] , arrange an manipulate up to 12 categories of data with a worksheet at one time .

The ‘ Print Screen ’ key on your keyboard is used by Windows to copy the whole screen display to the Clipboard .
the ‘ print screen ’ key on your keyboard is used by windows to copy the whole screen [show] to the clipboard .

When a Program Group window is not large enough to display all its contents scroll bars will appear at the bottom and/or side of the window .
when a program group window is not large enough to [show] all its contents scroll bars will appear at the bottom and/or side of the window .

Manipulation PhotoFinish is at its best with 24 bit images — containing anything up to 16.7 million colours — but very few people have the hardware to display such complex images at the moment .
manipulation photofinish is at its best with 24 bit images — containing anything up to 16.7 million colours — but very few people have the hardware to [show] such complex images at the moment .

Be warned , if you have one or two large and complex images , you could have time enough to make drink , and regret a cup of coffee before the thumbnail picture has been completed , but next time it will display with alacrity .
be warned , if you have one or two large and complex images , you could have time enough to make drink , and regret a cup of coffee before the thumbnail picture has been completed , but next time it will [show] with alacrity .

Colours : Support of dithered colours ( 16 million colors on a 16 color display )
colours : support of dithered colours ( 16 million colors on a 16 color [show] )

Other device drivers Display drivers ( including high resolution 256 color drivers )
other device drivers [show] drivers ( including high resolution 256 color drivers )

The notebook window is where you can enter and display data .
the notebook window is where you can enter and [show] data .

On the Graph page of the notebook you will find an icon display of all the graphs , charts and dialogue boxes produced either in the Graph window or from within the spreadsheet pages .
on the graph page of the notebook you will find an icon [show] of all the graphs , charts and dialogue boxes produced either in the graph window or from within the spreadsheet pages .

The default toolbox contains tools for drawing rectangles , circles , rounded rectangles , closed polygons , circles , and bezier curves , plus commands such as zoom in , display text , group , ungroup , choose line width , choose line type and an icon for the colour palette .
the default toolbox contains tools for drawing rectangles , circles , rounded rectangles , closed polygons , circles , and bezier curves , plus commands such as zoom in , [show] text , group , ungroup , choose line width , choose line type and an icon for the colour palette .

These include a driver for Windows 3.1 which support all the Windows 3.1 display modes including the 24-bit , 16.7 million colour and high-resolution non-interlaced modes .
these include a driver for windows 3.1 which support all the windows 3.1 [show] modes including the 24-bit , 16.7 million colour and high-resolution non-interlaced modes .

This display is updated constantly so that the information shown on the screen is as accurate as possible .
this [show] is updated constantly so that the information shown on the screen is as accurate as possible .

It is possible , for example , to change the format of dates and times , map colours , set latitude and longitude lines , show city names and turn off the sunlight display .
it is possible , for example , to change the format of dates and times , map colours , set latitude and longitude lines , show city names and turn off the sunlight [show] .

It supports all modes of display and many different printers with an easy to use installation routine .
it supports all modes of [show] and many different printers with an easy to use installation routine .

After the text analysis , and if requested , Maxi-Read stores the sesquipedalian words for display in the hope that you will try to find alternatives .
after the text analysis , and if requested , maxi-read stores the sesquipedalian words for [show] in the hope that you will try to find alternatives .

If your Windows Program Manager is not too crowded you may , by sizing and arranging , be able to display all the program groups and all the icons at the same time .
if your windows program manager is not too crowded you may , by sizing and arranging , be able to [show] all the program groups and all the icons at the same time .

In order to display a date in 1-2-3 you need to set a date format . The command required to do this is : /Range , Format , Date
in order to [show] a date in 1-2-3 you need to set a date format . the command required to do this is : /range , format , date

At this point you see the choices shown on the screen here . There are in fact more than five ways to display a date as you can alter the default settings for Long International and Short International using the command : /Worksheet , Global , Default , Other , International , Date
at this point you see the choices shown on the screen here . there are in fact more than five ways to [show] a date as you can alter the default settings for long international and short international using the command : /worksheet , global , default , other , international , date

The display is rather like the File Manager , in that you see the names of the files at the left hand side of the screen , and the chosen details at the right hand side of the screen .
the [show] is rather like the file manager , in that you see the names of the files at the left hand side of the screen , and the chosen details at the right hand side of the screen .

You will see a dialog box counting up the number of matches , before you are returned to the original display showing files at the left , and details at the right .
you will see a dialog box counting up the number of matches , before you are returned to the original [show] showing files at the left , and details at the right .

( You do need to have Scroll Bars on display to use this facility .
( you do need to have scroll bars on [show] to use this facility .

Subcontractor , Woodward Governor , also provided an interesting display with the Netcon 500 gas turbine monitoring and control system .
subcontractor , woodward governor , also provided an interesting [show] with the netcon 500 gas turbine monitoring and control system .

The Grampian Hospital Arts Project £1,000 commission was awarded to Morcant Tod and his piece entitled Notes on Buildings 1 was purchased for display in the hospital .
the grampian hospital arts project £1,000 commission was awarded to morcant tod and his piece entitled notes on buildings 1 was purchased for [show] in the hospital .

Ralph Steadman is currently working with Peacock Artspace and was delighted to see young talent being given an opportunity to display their work .
ralph steadman is currently working with peacock artspace and was delighted to see young talent being given an opportunity to [show] their work .

Stonehaven Walker Road football club proudly display their training tops , sponsored by Woodacon Oils .
stonehaven walker road football club proudly [show] their training tops , sponsored by woodacon oils .

From the start , their approach to the matches had been exciting with a dazzling display of flair from the batsmen .
from the start , their approach to the matches had been exciting with a dazzling [show] of flair from the batsmen .

For a mass display , put in two layers of bulbs , close but not touching , staggered in a deep pot of compost .
for a mass [show] , put in two layers of bulbs , close but not touching , staggered in a deep pot of compost .

’ She let her eyes sweep over him , reluctantly impressed at the way his magnificent physique still managed to display itself even under the bulky quilted trousers and jacket .
’ she let her eyes sweep over him , reluctantly impressed at the way his magnificent physique still managed to [show] itself even under the bulky quilted trousers and jacket .

‘ They feel and display desire — lust , even .
‘ they feel and [show] desire — lust , even .

Diffused lighting cast a warm amber glow over a couple of oak display cabinets and reflected off the glass-panelled walls .
diffused lighting cast a warm amber glow over a couple of oak [show] cabinets and reflected off the glass-panelled walls .

‘ Do n't look at me , ’ she said , still smarting from the display of affection he made towards his damp-eyed secretary .
‘ do n't look at me , ’ she said , still smarting from the [show] of affection he made towards his damp-eyed secretary .

Broadman held up three thick red fingers and the man 's face was suddenly a sunny display of comprehension .
broadman held up three thick red fingers and the man 's face was suddenly a sunny [show] of comprehension .

Mainly she resisted the urge in case Suzie should slip past unnoticed , although once or twice she was drawn to pause at some unusual display , particularly of traditional Danish knitwear or shops specialising in the typical and beautiful amber jewellery for which the country was famed .
mainly she resisted the urge in case suzie should slip past unnoticed , although once or twice she was drawn to pause at some unusual [show] , particularly of traditional danish knitwear or shops specialising in the typical and beautiful amber jewellery for which the country was famed .

‘ Or we shall miss the beginning of the display .
‘ or we shall miss the beginning of the [show] .

And women in Newcastle , where the poster will be on display in shops and clubs , also hit out .
and women in newcastle , where the poster will be on [show] in shops and clubs , also hit out .

Very few of the works on display provide us with the child 's perspective on the word , a notable exception being Sonia Boyce 's arresting ‘ Big Woman 's Talk ’ ( 1984 ) where the sense of scale is ordered in a way that the child 's view is paramount .
very few of the works on [show] provide us with the child 's perspective on the word , a notable exception being sonia boyce 's arresting ‘ big woman 's talk ’ ( 1984 ) where the sense of scale is ordered in a way that the child 's view is paramount .

The strategy , in evidence in the display of Auerbach 's work , effectively refuses the notion , which in Britain has had particularly powerful influence as a result of the writings of Carlyle in the last century , underpins the labelling of portraits in exhibitions ( such as The Swagger Portrait , Tate Gallery 1992 ) and in institutions like the National Portrait Gallery .
the strategy , in evidence in the [show] of auerbach 's work , effectively refuses the notion , which in britain has had particularly powerful influence as a result of the writings of carlyle in the last century , underpins the labelling of portraits in exhibitions ( such as the swagger portrait , tate gallery 1992 ) and in institutions like the national portrait gallery .

Catherine Yass ‘ Portrait : Laure Genillard Gallery ’ , ( ‘ Gallerist ’ ) , 1992 Cibachrome display print , light box
catherine yass ‘ portrait : laure genillard gallery ’ , ( ‘ gallerist ’ ) , 1992 cibachrome [show] print , light box

But as the artist herself states , these images do not try to appeal to our erotic awareness , and that is perhaps why the intended commentary on the display of the female sex is not so obvious .
but as the artist herself states , these images do not try to appeal to our erotic awareness , and that is perhaps why the intended commentary on the [show] of the female sex is not so obvious .

He stopped in his perambulation and his gaze fell on the table by the window ( set too high for children to see out of ) , on which was laid out a display of local history material .
he stopped in his perambulation and his gaze fell on the table by the window ( set too high for children to see out of ) , on which was laid out a [show] of local history material .

At the far end of the display was the school log-book .
at the far end of the [show] was the school log-book .

It was good , sensible , male music , without display , yet with a poignance of which Cley did not tire .
it was good , sensible , male music , without [show] , yet with a poignance of which cley did not tire .

Jane Standing of Waterstones in York won a holiday to the value of £2,000 in the Ordnance Survey Window display competition .
jane standing of waterstones in york won a holiday to the value of £2,000 in the ordnance survey window [show] competition .

Second , specialised and powerful processing technology is required to handle the retrieval , processing and display of the high volumes of information .
second , specialised and powerful processing technology is required to handle the retrieval , processing and [show] of the high volumes of information .

Third , in addition to text and numerics , output and display architecture has to be capable of delivering both sound and images to the required standards of any given application .
third , in addition to text and numerics , output and [show] architecture has to be capable of delivering both sound and images to the required standards of any given application .

If it is hard enough to display a single frame of a complex image , it would be extremely difficult to create the sequence of rapidly changing frames on which the impression of natural movement depends .
if it is hard enough to [show] a single frame of a complex image , it would be extremely difficult to create the sequence of rapidly changing frames on which the impression of natural movement depends .

There are of course also limitations in current screen and power source technology which would make it difficult to display high resolution colour images of any complexity .
there are of course also limitations in current screen and power source technology which would make it difficult to [show] high resolution colour images of any complexity .

This kind of information display is analogue .
this kind of information [show] is analogue .

We read the message of our watch by looking at a constantly changing display .
we read the message of our watch by looking at a constantly changing [show] .

When the display flashes from one second to the next there is a tiny gap in the information .
when the [show] flashes from one second to the next there is a tiny gap in the information .

So , although the watch seems to supply a constant and exact reading of time , it is in fact a discontinuous display .
so , although the watch seems to supply a constant and exact reading of time , it is in fact a discontinuous [show] .

Then , when we are ready , we can reconstitute and display it as new information which human beings can once again understand .
then , when we are ready , we can reconstitute and [show] it as new information which human beings can once again understand .

The short code would then be decompressed just before display to produce the appropriate number of blue pixels to represent the sky .
the short code would then be decompressed just before [show] to produce the appropriate number of blue pixels to represent the sky .

The fact that consumer platforms will generally be convenient , all-in-one , low cost units needing nothing more sophisticated than a domestic television for display purposes , suggest that many libraries may be able to support all available platforms and so give their customers the widest possible choice .
the fact that consumer platforms will generally be convenient , all-in-one , low cost units needing nothing more sophisticated than a domestic television for [show] purposes , suggest that many libraries may be able to support all available platforms and so give their customers the widest possible choice .

There are clear technical issues such as the data transfer and memory implications of addressing much higher levels of display definition than are generally required today , particularly , of course , in consumer environments .
there are clear technical issues such as the data transfer and memory implications of addressing much higher levels of [show] definition than are generally required today , particularly , of course , in consumer environments .

Articles are research reports whose conclusions are of general interest and which are sufficiently rounded to be a substantial advance in understanding , They should not have more than 3,000 words ow text ( not including figure legends ) or more than six display items and should not occupy more than five pages of Nature .
articles are research reports whose conclusions are of general interest and which are sufficiently rounded to be a substantial advance in understanding , they should not have more than 3,000 words ow text ( not including figure legends ) or more than six [show] items and should not occupy more than five pages of nature .

Letters should have 1,000 or fewer words of text and four or fewer display items .
letters should have 1,000 or fewer words of text and four or fewer [show] items .

They supply the trade with top quality woven and printed furnishing fabrics and proudly display the Royal Warrant .
they supply the trade with top quality woven and printed furnishing fabrics and proudly [show] the royal warrant .

The standard of display within carpet shops has greatly improved , with Stoddard Templeton leading the field with new and stylish display units .
the standard of [show] within carpet shops has greatly improved , with stoddard templeton leading the field with new and stylish [show] units .

The result over a two year period is a range of display material that has been exclusively designed and manufactured , and is now available to retailers throughout the country .
the result over a two year period is a range of [show] material that has been exclusively designed and manufactured , and is now available to retailers throughout the country .

Research identified that retailers were using cheap methods of display which had been around since the 1950 's .
research identified that retailers were using cheap methods of [show] which had been around since the 1950 's .

There are display panels , leaflet-racks and ample space for product and range information .
there are [show] panels , leaflet-racks and ample space for product and range information .

The Heather Collection has a dual role as a window or ‘ in-store ’ display .
the heather collection has a dual role as a window or ‘ in-store ’ [show] .

Stoddard Templeton 's new range of display material .
stoddard templeton 's new range of [show] material .

Other users of digital maps will include automobile associations , who will keep base maps of their areas in digital form and quickly display a map showing the relative positions of the broken-down car and the nearest mobile service unit .
other users of digital maps will include automobile associations , who will keep base maps of their areas in digital form and quickly [show] a map showing the relative positions of the broken-down car and the nearest mobile service unit .

The equipment ( hardware ) required for computer mapping can be divided into two kinds : that required to ‘ capture ’ cartographic data from existing maps and that required to display newly-derived maps .
the equipment ( hardware ) required for computer mapping can be divided into two kinds : that required to ‘ capture ’ cartographic data from existing maps and that required to [show] newly-derived maps .

Cheaper rasterizing systems can be built around a conventional remote-sensing image display system such as that described in Chapter 5 .
cheaper rasterizing systems can be built around a conventional remote-sensing image [show] system such as that described in chapter 5 .

4.2.2 Hardware for map production and display
4.2.2 hardware for map production and [show]

4.2.2.1 Graphics display terminal
4.2.2.1 graphics [show] terminal

These values can be halved if the screen display is refreshed using the interlacing technique which updates each odd-numbered line of the raster every odd-numbered refresh cycle and updates the even-numbered rasters every even-numbered cycle .
these values can be halved if the screen [show] is refreshed using the interlacing technique which updates each odd-numbered line of the raster every odd-numbered refresh cycle and updates the even-numbered rasters every even-numbered cycle .

Map projections are needed in order to display the three-dimensional Earth on a two-dimensional piece of paper ( or monitor screen ) .
map projections are needed in order to [show] the three-dimensional earth on a two-dimensional piece of paper ( or monitor screen ) .

The quality of the display produced by a graphics terminal depends upon the horizontal and vertical resolution of the screen , expressed as the number of phosphor dots in the two directions , and on the number of colours that can be simultaneously displayed .
the quality of the [show] produced by a graphics terminal depends upon the horizontal and vertical resolution of the screen , expressed as the number of phosphor dots in the two directions , and on the number of colours that can be simultaneously displayed .

Modern graphics terminals have a screen resolution of 1024 x 1024 or more , and can display eight or more colours on the screen at the same time .
modern graphics terminals have a screen resolution of 1024 x 1024 or more , and can [show] eight or more colours on the screen at the same time .

The map user can select features of interest from the digital map and display them in a way that is suited to his or her requirements .
the map user can select features of interest from the digital map and [show] them in a way that is suited to his or her requirements .

These data are transferred , under the control of a program running on the processor , to an image display sub-system which contains three memory banks .
these data are transferred , under the control of a program running on the processor , to an image [show] sub-system which contains three memory banks .

The operator issues commands via the keyboard associated with the visual display terminal .
the operator issues commands via the keyboard associated with the visual [show] terminal .

Enhancement techniques spread the range of pixel values so that they cover the full dynamic range of the image display system .
enhancement techniques spread the range of pixel values so that they cover the full dynamic range of the image [show] system .

The techniques of display , enhancement , filtering and transformation of remotely-sensed images that have been described in this chapter represent only a selection of those available .
the techniques of [show] , enhancement , filtering and transformation of remotely-sensed images that have been described in this chapter represent only a selection of those available .

These techniques can be divided into two kinds : those which produce a permanent paper or photographic ( human-readable ) output and those which generate a temporary display on a television monitor screen .
these techniques can be divided into two kinds : those which produce a permanent paper or photographic ( human-readable ) output and those which generate a temporary [show] on a television monitor screen .

It would then be possible to use computer mapping procedures ( Chapter 4 ) to display the results of these computations either in the form of hard-copy output or as a picture on a graphics terminal .
it would then be possible to use computer mapping procedures ( chapter 4 ) to [show] the results of these computations either in the form of hard-copy output or as a picture on a graphics terminal .

It was night ; a brisk breeze drove chubby clouds to the east , effacing and revealing the stars as if polishing them for display .
it was night ; a brisk breeze drove chubby clouds to the east , effacing and revealing the stars as if polishing them for [show] .

Rogers produced a flask that had belonged to Church , and they circulated this while the appalling display went on. ,
rogers produced a flask that had belonged to church , and they circulated this while the appalling [show] went on. ,

It does not display work load .
it does not [show] work load .

These start with the raw material and smallest components , at the highest levels , and display the order of assembly stages into larger and larger subassemblies as the level numbers decrease , the lowest level being the complete product .
these start with the raw material and smallest components , at the highest levels , and [show] the order of assembly stages into larger and larger subassemblies as the level numbers decrease , the lowest level being the complete product .

We hope one day Brian can polish the mantle piece and display our gold plated trophy and maybe perhaps carry the flag in the next Olympics .
we hope one day brian can polish the mantle piece and [show] our gold plated trophy and maybe perhaps carry the flag in the next olympics .

The selection held at the moment by reception is limited to syllabus books , but putting out as much as possible on display would be beneficial .
the selection held at the moment by reception is limited to syllabus books , but putting out as much as possible on [show] would be beneficial .

This comes from Michael Crawford as the luckless cashier who couples a weedy spineless manner with a staggering display of gymnastic comedy , catching armfuls of books , left hanging by one hand from a picture frame in mid-chase , and executing a perfect dive through a kitchen hatch .
this comes from michael crawford as the luckless cashier who couples a weedy spineless manner with a staggering [show] of gymnastic comedy , catching armfuls of books , left hanging by one hand from a picture frame in mid-chase , and executing a perfect dive through a kitchen hatch .

Gould organised the shipment of several complete bowers back to London , where they were put on display at the Zoological Society .
gould organised the shipment of several complete bowers back to london , where they were put on [show] at the zoological society .

Despite some degree of battlefield success at Dezful — in the course of which Iraq captured a number of British-made Chieftain tanks which it put on display before foreign journalists at al-Amarah in the central sector just as Iraq 's own armour , mainly Russian in origin , was gathering for further fighting at Ahwaz — Dezful did not fall either and the Iranians were far from having been routed .
despite some degree of battlefield success at dezful — in the course of which iraq captured a number of british-made chieftain tanks which it put on [show] before foreign journalists at al-amarah in the central sector just as iraq 's own armour , mainly russian in origin , was gathering for further fighting at ahwaz — dezful did not fall either and the iranians were far from having been routed .

Partly due to their systematic exclusion , but also as a matter of choice , feminist artists increasingly preferred to display their work in settings they considered more appropriate to their desire to participate in the more public/political debates of feminism and a recognition of art as a communicative medium .
partly due to their systematic exclusion , but also as a matter of choice , feminist artists increasingly preferred to [show] their work in settings they considered more appropriate to their desire to participate in the more public/political debates of feminism and a recognition of art as a communicative medium .

Alternatively , in recent years there has been an increasing tendency to display ‘ art ’ as part of corporate packaging .
alternatively , in recent years there has been an increasing tendency to [show] ‘ art ’ as part of corporate packaging .

We had two stands this year — a first for — and it was great to be able to rely on the Essex Dog Display Team to man our second stand .
we had two stands this year — a first for — and it was great to be able to rely on the essex dog [show] team to man our second stand .

Another first this year was our extra sponsorship to Crufts and in return they asked Essex Dog Display to perform in the Main Ring — needless to say they brought the house down !
another first this year was our extra sponsorship to crufts and in return they asked essex dog [show] to perform in the main ring — needless to say they brought the house down !

Musical entertainment continued with a marching display by the and the swinging beat of the Jazz band .
musical entertainment continued with a marching [show] by the and the swinging beat of the jazz band .

The one remembered was the time when we had a display comparing ‘ steers ’ against ‘ bulls ’ and their relevant daily liveweight gains .
the one remembered was the time when we had a [show] comparing ‘ steers ’ against ‘ bulls ’ and their relevant daily liveweight gains .

, above ( left ) , father of mill manager , chose a display cabinet for his retirement gift and was also presented with a ‘ ship in a bottle ’ from his workmates .
, above ( left ) , father of mill manager , chose a [show] cabinet for his retirement gift and was also presented with a ‘ ship in a bottle ’ from his workmates .

Hydraulics also play a part in the display as they are used to help give visitors the sensation of being inside a pint of Guinness .
hydraulics also play a part in the [show] as they are used to help give visitors the sensation of being inside a pint of guinness .

After leaving the sensation , visitors can spend their time touching and smelling the samples of hops , malt and barley stacked nearby , while a static display shows them how the ingredients are used in the brewing process , and a second display shows them the secret of the widget in the cans of Draught Guinness .
after leaving the sensation , visitors can spend their time touching and smelling the samples of hops , malt and barley stacked nearby , while a static [show] shows them how the ingredients are used in the brewing process , and a second [show] shows them the secret of the widget in the cans of draught guinness .

Behind him a huge , dangerous-looking jogger in bright purple shorts thundered up and then , after a brief , explosive display of sweat and breath , was off into the quaking grass .
behind him a huge , dangerous-looking jogger in bright purple shorts thundered up and then , after a brief , explosive [show] of sweat and breath , was off into the quaking grass .

Mr Malik put his arm round Robert and continued to watch this display with apparent unconcern .
mr malik put his arm round robert and continued to watch this [show] with apparent unconcern .

They are ‘ natural ’ because they are not planned and because the order they display is not the result of design … In short , the structure of the city , as we find it , is clearly just as much the product of the struggle and efforts of its people to live and work together collectively as are its local customs , traditions , social ritual , laws , public opinion , and the prevailing moral order .
they are ‘ natural ’ because they are not planned and because the order they [show] is not the result of design … in short , the structure of the city , as we find it , is clearly just as much the product of the struggle and efforts of its people to live and work together collectively as are its local customs , traditions , social ritual , laws , public opinion , and the prevailing moral order .

Esteem is gained by both man and woman partly through home life , and especially through presenting ‘ a front space used for display ’ , wholly distinct from a back room for sleeping and intimacy .
esteem is gained by both man and woman partly through home life , and especially through presenting ‘ a front space used for [show] ’ , wholly distinct from a back room for sleeping and intimacy .

And as Harré implies ( citing Veblen in his support ) , there is growing evidence that , in more affluent societies , questions of display and possessions outside paid work are of growing significance to the formation of people 's self-esteem and recognition by others .
and as harré implies ( citing veblen in his support ) , there is growing evidence that , in more affluent societies , questions of [show] and possessions outside paid work are of growing significance to the formation of people 's self-esteem and recognition by others .

For the middle classes in particular , everyday life and human association is increasingly dedicated to Veblenesque display .
for the middle classes in particular , everyday life and human association is increasingly dedicated to veblenesque [show] .

Part of such display takes place through the design of locales .
part of such [show] takes place through the design of locales .

People do this , as Veblen argued in relation to the American middle classes about a century ago , through various forms of conspicuous consumption and display .
people do this , as veblen argued in relation to the american middle classes about a century ago , through various forms of conspicuous consumption and [show] .

And typically the forms used for such display are versions of the cultural forms adopted and displayed by the ruling classes .
and typically the forms used for such [show] are versions of the cultural forms adopted and displayed by the ruling classes .

Foucault is therefore making the subtle and perceptive point that contemporary societies are largely characterised by self-policing and introspective control of feelings rather than the explicit display and use of force and authority .
foucault is therefore making the subtle and perceptive point that contemporary societies are largely characterised by self-policing and introspective control of feelings rather than the explicit [show] and use of force and authority .

‘ Now , Simon , apologize to your mother for that disgusting , manipulative little display .
‘ now , simon , apologize to your mother for that disgusting , manipulative little [show] .

The shop lights illuminated them as though they were valuable items on display in a museum .
the shop lights illuminated them as though they were valuable items on [show] in a museum .

The `` elite `` of skilled male mule spinners which was retained seems to have continued to display an artisan-like attitude .
the `` elite `` of skilled male mule spinners which was retained seems to have continued to [show] an artisan-like attitude .

Homes were well furnished with clocks , Staffordshire tea services , silver-plated sugar tongs and a range of utensils and ornaments to display .
homes were well furnished with clocks , staffordshire tea services , silver-plated sugar tongs and a range of utensils and ornaments to [show] .

Most good stores display a whole section of upholstered pieces from traditional to modern in a range of different shapes and sizes , but most pieces come in a far greater variety of sizes , covers and colourings than those on show .
most good stores [show] a whole section of upholstered pieces from traditional to modern in a range of different shapes and sizes , but most pieces come in a far greater variety of sizes , covers and colourings than those on show .

Some hobbies and interests use equipment or materials that are fascinating or colourful in their own right and these can often lend character to a room if they 're left out on display .
some hobbies and interests use equipment or materials that are fascinating or colourful in their own right and these can often lend character to a room if they 're left out on [show] .

Today 's tv and hi-fi equipment is small and beautiful by design , so display your systems on open shelves or custom units .
today 's tv and hi-fi equipment is small and beautiful by design , so [show] your systems on open shelves or custom units .

And where is the best place to display these objects ?
and where is the best place to [show] these objects ?

Change your window treatment : cafe curtains instead of a tired roller blind ; glass shelves stretched across the window to display bits of china and glass or a collection of old stone and glass bottles ; or paint the wooden surround in a pretty colour to frame a crisp new roller blind .
change your window treatment : cafe curtains instead of a tired roller blind ; glass shelves stretched across the window to [show] bits of china and glass or a collection of old stone and glass bottles ; or paint the wooden surround in a pretty colour to frame a crisp new roller blind .

Use the glazed cupboards to display attractive china and to provide storage space for attractively packaged dry goods .
use the glazed cupboards to [show] attractive china and to provide storage space for attractively packaged dry goods .

To add special accent , use spots round the room to highlight pictures or fireplace , and take any collections you may have into consideration when you are planning lighting : a lit display is always very dramatic .
to add special accent , use spots round the room to highlight pictures or fireplace , and take any collections you may have into consideration when you are planning lighting : a lit [show] is always very dramatic .

Display a collection of models houses , soldiers , toys , cars-on shelves , carefully lit by strip lights behind baffles .
[show] a collection of models houses , soldiers , toys , cars-on shelves , carefully lit by strip lights behind baffles .

Display your children 's art lesson masterpieces round the room — it will encourage and gratify them and will certainly provide talking points .
[show] your children 's art lesson masterpieces round the room — it will encourage and gratify them and will certainly provide talking points .

Certain collections Mickey Mouse ephemera or period memorabilia need a range of different treatments to display them to their best advantage : dot pictures and plaques round the wall , arrange toys and crockery on shelves , lay rugs on the floor .
certain collections mickey mouse ephemera or period memorabilia need a range of different treatments to [show] them to their best advantage : dot pictures and plaques round the wall , arrange toys and crockery on shelves , lay rugs on the floor .

Whatever your collection , display it thoughtfully .
whatever your collection , [show] it thoughtfully .

He was not at all interested in this display of equestrian skill and he probably knew to get clear of his wife when her temper was roused .
he was not at all interested in this [show] of equestrian skill and he probably knew to get clear of his wife when her temper was roused .

Display of any picture , e.g. an improved picture .
[show] of any picture , e.g. an improved picture .

Option 7 : With sub-options this could display the latest picture , the previous picture or the bitwise difference obtained from Option 6 .
option 7 : with sub-options this could [show] the latest picture , the previous picture or the bitwise difference obtained from option 6 .

The program accomplishes two things — ‘ blind ’ set-up , i.e. without needing to display an image , and control of the measuring process . Its main limitations are : —
the program accomplishes two things — ‘ blind ’ set-up , i.e. without needing to [show] an image , and control of the measuring process . its main limitations are : —

The program comes up with a display of the main menu accompanied by three beeps : —
the program comes up with a [show] of the main menu accompanied by three beeps : —

‘ You 're putting on quite a good display for someone who can hold her drink , ’ she heard him say sarcastically from the doorway .
‘ you 're putting on quite a good [show] for someone who can hold her drink , ’ she heard him say sarcastically from the doorway .

If European governments can display the credible threat to back Airbus if necessary , Boeing shareholders are only going to lose by an unsuccessful price war .
if european governments can [show] the credible threat to back airbus if necessary , boeing shareholders are only going to lose by an unsuccessful price war .

If writing on an electronic tablet , which combines the input and display devices , the user may find it disconcerting to see the handwriting changing under their pen . )
if writing on an electronic tablet , which combines the input and [show] devices , the user may find it disconcerting to see the handwriting changing under their pen . )

And why not , jabbered the leaflet , over a half-dozen slices o f cheese , why not seize the chance to educate her jaded palate from the dazzling display of continental wizardry to the rear of the store ?
and why not , jabbered the leaflet , over a half-dozen slices o f cheese , why not seize the chance to educate her jaded palate from the dazzling [show] of continental wizardry to the rear of the store ?

‘ Was that little display totally necessary ? ’ Ace demanded , his voice edged sharply with anger .
‘ was that little [show] totally necessary ? ’ ace demanded , his voice edged sharply with anger .

The climax to the whole tasteless display came when tea ended , and McAllister was required to take everything away .
the climax to the whole tasteless [show] came when tea ended , and mcallister was required to take everything away .

This was perceptive and she was rewarded by a brief display of her daughter 's old impulsiveness , Sally-Anne kissing her mother fervently on the cheek before they joined Papa in the drawing-room .
this was perceptive and she was rewarded by a brief [show] of her daughter 's old impulsiveness , sally-anne kissing her mother fervently on the cheek before they joined papa in the drawing-room .

Sampson 's usual strengths and weaknesses are on display .
sampson 's usual strengths and weaknesses are on [show] .

The company was able to display Probe 's endorsement prominently in advertising and on the products themselves .
the company was able to [show] probe 's endorsement prominently in advertising and on the products themselves .

These measures have the full endorsement of the Labour party , which also welcomes the fact that notices about the law will be made extensively available for display by the retail trade and will be fixed to automatic vending machines by operators .
these measures have the full endorsement of the labour party , which also welcomes the fact that notices about the law will be made extensively available for [show] by the retail trade and will be fixed to automatic vending machines by operators .

Much of it is display .
much of it is [show] .

It is normally kept on static display at the National Railway Museum in York , but is on hire to the West Somerset this year This was the last steam locomotive built for British Railways before the completion of the changeover to diesel and electric traction .
it is normally kept on static [show] at the national railway museum in york , but is on hire to the west somerset this year this was the last steam locomotive built for british railways before the completion of the changeover to diesel and electric traction .

The display , which ran from 29 July to 28 August 1989 , was planned as the fourth in a continuing series of demonstrations of Welsh life and its origins .
the [show] , which ran from 29 july to 28 august 1989 , was planned as the fourth in a continuing series of demonstrations of welsh life and its origins .

One of the more unedifying spectacles that emerged from the community charge was the flaunting display of the ’ can pay , wo n't pay ’ brigade .
one of the more unedifying spectacles that emerged from the community charge was the flaunting [show] of the ’ can pay , wo n't pay ’ brigade .

The freight yard was used to display a large cross section of modern diesel locos together with some early versions now preserved — such as a Class 35 ‘ Hymek ’ , a Class 45 ‘ Peak ’ and a class 55 ‘ Deltic ’ .
the freight yard was used to [show] a large cross section of modern diesel locos together with some early versions now preserved — such as a class 35 ‘ hymek ’ , a class 45 ‘ peak ’ and a class 55 ‘ deltic ’ .

His statement is also that of Psalm 68 ( verse 24 ) where the presence of my God and my King in the sanctuary is not plain but celebrated in a rich display of singers , musicians , and ‘ damsels playing with timbrels ’ .
his statement is also that of psalm 68 ( verse 24 ) where the presence of my god and my king in the sanctuary is not plain but celebrated in a rich [show] of singers , musicians , and ‘ damsels playing with timbrels ’ .

It is a sale by description even though it is the customer who decides which particular goods to select from the display , section 13 ( 3 ) .
it is a sale by description even though it is the customer who decides which particular goods to select from the [show] , section 13 ( 3 ) .

This would considerably reduce the display space available .
this would considerably reduce the [show] space available .

They will provide facilities for accessing important data bases such as those produced by the Central Statistical Office and the Bank of England , the management of the user 's own data base , the display of data and a number of analyses including various regression methods , two and three stage least squares , full information maximum likelihood and Kalman filters .
they will provide facilities for accessing important data bases such as those produced by the central statistical office and the bank of england , the management of the user 's own data base , the [show] of data and a number of analyses including various regression methods , two and three stage least squares , full information maximum likelihood and kalman filters .

They are equipped with high resolution visual display screens and , as well as keyboards , graphic input devices to allow users to communicate with their machines by pointing to information on the screens .
they are equipped with high resolution visual [show] screens and , as well as keyboards , graphic input devices to allow users to communicate with their machines by pointing to information on the screens .

Older children understand that a particular situation does not inevitably provoke a particular emotion : the emotion you display depends on how you view the situation , whether you try to change your emotional reaction to it , and whether you try to conceal it from other people .
older children understand that a particular situation does not inevitably provoke a particular emotion : the emotion you [show] depends on how you view the situation , whether you try to change your emotional reaction to it , and whether you try to conceal it from other people .

Second , the study looks at the emotional reactions that young children actually display .
second , the study looks at the emotional reactions that young children actually [show] .

Their disadvantage is that the less exotic goods like fittings are rarely on display so you will need to know what you are after .
their disadvantage is that the less exotic goods like fittings are rarely on [show] so you will need to know what you are after .

We sit underneath the floral light display and look at the menu .
we sit underneath the floral light [show] and look at the menu .

His talk was supplemented with sectional drawings and also a display of moulds from which castings for the engine would be made .
his talk was supplemented with sectional drawings and also a [show] of moulds from which castings for the engine would be made .

She would n't be able to join in the races now , but she could get there for the prize-giving at the end of them , and for the diving display , and this time , if the yacht was there , she would stop .
she would n't be able to join in the races now , but she could get there for the prize-giving at the end of them , and for the diving [show] , and this time , if the yacht was there , she would stop .

She watched the last races and the diving display .
she watched the last races and the diving [show] .

to display related aspects of a subject which have been scattered by the order of subjects chosen in the main classified order .
to [show] related aspects of a subject which have been scattered by the order of subjects chosen in the main classified order .

The most usual approach is to lead users to a display of brief bibliographic records in class number order , so that they can browse further .
the most usual approach is to lead users to a [show] of brief bibliographic records in class number order , so that they can browse further .

Above all , searchers wanted to go straight to records and were irritated by having to pass through the display of the classification schedules .
above all , searchers wanted to go straight to records and were irritated by having to pass through the [show] of the classification schedules .

to control the display of relationships between concepts in indexes .
to control the [show] of relationships between concepts in indexes .

the list makes recommendations about the use of references for the display of relationships in a catalogue , index or database in order to guide users between connected or associated terms .
the list makes recommendations about the use of references for the [show] of relationships in a catalogue , index or database in order to guide users between connected or associated terms .

The display of these subdivisions in the-list varies .
the [show] of these subdivisions in the-list varies .

Descriptors are normally accompanied by some display of relationships between them and other words in the indexing language .
descriptors are normally accompanied by some [show] of relationships between them and other words in the indexing language .

In addition to the relationship display which is incorporated into the alphabetical list of subject terms , thesauri often incorporate other lists which help to show the relationships between terms . Published thesauri , in particular , are likely to include one or more of the following types of lists :
in addition to the relationship [show] which is incorporated into the alphabetical list of subject terms , thesauri often incorporate other lists which help to show the relationships between terms . published thesauri , in particular , are likely to include one or more of the following types of lists :

Various of the key terms in the thesaurus may be drawn in an alphabetical sequence , with a more complete hierarchical display of the connected terms having more specific meanings .
various of the key terms in the thesaurus may be drawn in an alphabetical sequence , with a more complete hierarchical [show] of the connected terms having more specific meanings .

The most basic facility is display of relationships between terms during a search session .
the most basic facility is [show] of relationships between terms during a search session .

This facility is enhanced if it is possible to select specific related , narrower and broader terms from this display and perform a search upon them .
this facility is enhanced if it is possible to select specific related , narrower and broader terms from this [show] and perform a search upon them .

The opportunity to display extracts from an online thesaurus in windows is particularly valuable , since it is often useful to be able to view the thesaurus alongside other screen displays in either indexing or searching .
the opportunity to [show] extracts from an online thesaurus in windows is particularly valuable , since it is often useful to be able to view the thesaurus alongside other screen displays in either indexing or searching .

The relationship display in a thesaurus is often more extensive than that in a subject headings list .
the relationship [show] in a thesaurus is often more extensive than that in a subject headings list .

‘ And , in the meantime , let us have no repetition of this afternoon 's disgusting display of amateurism . ’
‘ and , in the meantime , let us have no repetition of this afternoon 's disgusting [show] of amateurism . ’

Lisa craned her neck slightly , crushing her sense of horror at this display of bad-mannered curiosity .
lisa craned her neck slightly , crushing her sense of horror at this [show] of bad-mannered curiosity .

As the thunder growled menacingly overhead and lightning forked the sky in a glorious display of pyrotechnics , Hilary burrowed her head back under the covers , but dragged it reluctantly out again as she became aware of the rather ominous sound of dripping water .
as the thunder growled menacingly overhead and lightning forked the sky in a glorious [show] of pyrotechnics , hilary burrowed her head back under the covers , but dragged it reluctantly out again as she became aware of the rather ominous sound of dripping water .

Pulling a face , she clamped her lips together in a comical display of acceptance , although she was beginning to wonder if she actually wanted to know .
pulling a face , she clamped her lips together in a comical [show] of acceptance , although she was beginning to wonder if she actually wanted to know .

But Greg knew he would answer his questions about anyone local , for he knew everyone , and dearly loved to display his knowledge .
but greg knew he would answer his questions about anyone local , for he knew everyone , and dearly loved to [show] his knowledge .

Whenever he spoke of these matters it was with a flexibility and charity such as those holding views less firm did not always display .
whenever he spoke of these matters it was with a flexibility and charity such as those holding views less firm did not always [show] .

Oh , he could just imagine Philip 's display of outraged innocence and then the letter would come from the Pope .
oh , he could just imagine philip 's [show] of outraged innocence and then the letter would come from the pope .

‘ Too precious to be left out on display .
‘ too precious to be left out on [show] .

That fact had aroused her enough to make her display her feminine assets to best advantage .
that fact had aroused her enough to make her [show] her feminine assets to best advantage .

They had to make a diversion around the giant firework display in the middle of St Mark 's basin , the noise of the rockets like gunfire .
they had to make a diversion around the giant firework [show] in the middle of st mark 's basin , the noise of the rockets like gunfire .

Because of the inherent translucency of their cementing mineral crystals , many carbonates display their features well with low power biocular microscopy .
because of the inherent translucency of their cementing mineral crystals , many carbonates [show] their features well with low power biocular microscopy .

The window of a tailor 's shop halfway along the High Street was where he found it , in an ample display of college scarves , ties and blazer crests .
the window of a tailor 's shop halfway along the high street was where he found it , in an ample [show] of college scarves , ties and blazer crests .

She was fascinated by the Saloon , set out for dinner with silver and glass ; she hovered over the display of figureheads ; but it was the rigging of the clipper that caught her imagination most .
she was fascinated by the saloon , set out for dinner with silver and glass ; she hovered over the [show] of figureheads ; but it was the rigging of the clipper that caught her imagination most .

Expensive jewellery and make-up completed the display of wealth , though it made Huy self-conscious and uneasy .
expensive jewellery and make-up completed the [show] of wealth , though it made huy self-conscious and uneasy .

The fine anatomy of silvery ribs on display and the cavity ,
the fine anatomy of silvery ribs on [show] and the cavity ,

As on display .
as on [show] .

Seizing a bunch of roses from the display outside the Rose Bowl 's window , Folly launched herself across the street .
seizing a bunch of roses from the [show] outside the rose bowl 's window , folly launched herself across the street .

‘ They 've even given it a full display window , Folly .
‘ they 've even given it a full [show] window , folly .

Lisa peered past the window display , as if half expecting to see a crocodile of new customers filing towards the door . ‘ What , concrete , you mean ? Or skyscrapers ? ’
lisa peered past the window [show] , as if half expecting to see a crocodile of new customers filing towards the door . ‘ what , concrete , you mean ? or skyscrapers ? ’

Everything she 'd ever wanted laid temptingly before her — only she had looked behind the scenes and knew the display was a hollow sham .
everything she 'd ever wanted laid temptingly before her — only she had looked behind the scenes and knew the [show] was a hollow sham .

Claudia paused at one , attracted by a display of unusual ornaments made of mother-of-pear .
claudia paused at one , attracted by a [show] of unusual ornaments made of mother-of-pear .

Roman had come up behind her without warning , and she had been so engrossed with the window display that her senses , which usually warned her if he was near , had failed .
roman had come up behind her without warning , and she had been so engrossed with the window [show] that her senses , which usually warned her if he was near , had failed .

’ He gestured to the window and Claudia saw that a display of rings was next to the ornaments she admired .
’ he gestured to the window and claudia saw that a [show] of rings was next to the ornaments she admired .

His raised eyebrows confirmed her fears , and she was surprised when he looked closely at the display .
his raised eyebrows confirmed her fears , and she was surprised when he looked closely at the [show] .

Yesterday there had only been one dress on display .
yesterday there had only been one dress on [show] .

‘ It would be better if it were less strenuous , but do n't worry , your display will be fine .
‘ it would be better if it were less strenuous , but do n't worry , your [show] will be fine .

Meanwhile Panna , despite her bulk , was putting on a fine display . She wobbled her head one way , wobbled her bottom the other , all the while singing an Urdu verse which Zakir translated as follows :
meanwhile panna , despite her bulk , was putting on a fine [show] . she wobbled her head one way , wobbled her bottom the other , all the while singing an urdu verse which zakir translated as follows :

It revealed an unrepentantly superficial world where life revolved around the minutiae of outward appearances and public display .
it revealed an unrepentantly superficial world where life revolved around the minutiae of outward appearances and public [show] .

There 's a display of shrugging , nodding and stroking chins , so Rufus keeps at them : ‘ Well , what 's he going to do — put it down to experience ?
there 's a [show] of shrugging , nodding and stroking chins , so rufus keeps at them : ‘ well , what 's he going to do — put it down to experience ?

Many villages and hamlets display , in the form of earthworks , evidence of a change of site or plan .
many villages and hamlets [show] , in the form of earthworks , evidence of a change of site or plan .

Any area , in fact , may display a wide variety of settlements at all stages of development at any one time .
any area , in fact , may [show] a wide variety of settlements at all stages of development at any one time .

It would have demanded from Toby a display of powers he was by no means sure he possessed to prevent Pickerage going off with Hilary Frome .
it would have demanded from toby a [show] of powers he was by no means sure he possessed to prevent pickerage going off with hilary frome .

Algernon Peckham in a display of bravado had chosen to walk to Kingsgate .
algernon peckham in a [show] of bravado had chosen to walk to kingsgate .

‘ Like the Borgias , ’ breathed Araminta , in a rare display of audition .
‘ like the borgias , ’ breathed araminta , in a rare [show] of audition .

‘ So if he were poisoned by the entrée , he did n't display any symptoms for over an hour .
‘ so if he were poisoned by the entrée , he did n't [show] any symptoms for over an hour .

‘ And we were in touch with him twice at the Yard , sir , ’ Stitch burst forth , eager to display the fruits of his research . ‘ Once when the Yard needed advice over a fraud case , and once over a theft ! ’
‘ and we were in touch with him twice at the yard , sir , ’ stitch burst forth , eager to [show] the fruits of his research . ‘ once when the yard needed advice over a fraud case , and once over a theft ! ’

But the hunt is a setting of more than ornamental significance : when the young men of Judith 's retinue aid the display of the prince 's virtue , they symbolically carry out their political roles of aides and adjutants .
but the hunt is a setting of more than ornamental significance : when the young men of judith 's retinue aid the [show] of the prince 's virtue , they symbolically carry out their political roles of aides and adjutants .

Display to be set up late on Friday evening and removed after dinner on the Saturday .
[show] to be set up late on friday evening and removed after dinner on the saturday .

The Centre should ideally be equipped with an integral viewdata system , a good counter area , internal and external telephone systems , brochure racks , filing cabinets , travel agency desks and a substantial display area .
the centre should ideally be equipped with an integral viewdata system , a good counter area , internal and external telephone systems , brochure racks , filing cabinets , travel agency desks and a substantial [show] area .

The onus will be on the student to display the ability to work co-operatively with others during the planning and undertaking of work experience .
the onus will be on the student to [show] the ability to work co-operatively with others during the planning and undertaking of work experience .

The display of the fur coat in the window .
the [show] of the fur coat in the window .

In respect of a job requiring ability to access , input and retrieve information from a computer , it would not be essential that the employee is able to use the keyboard or read the visual display if adaptive equipment or software would enable a disabled person to undertake the work , albeit in a different manner .
in respect of a job requiring ability to access , input and retrieve information from a computer , it would not be essential that the employee is able to use the keyboard or read the visual [show] if adaptive equipment or software would enable a disabled person to undertake the work , albeit in a different manner .

Spectators were also treated to a display of sheepdog skills which saw & names , put their crafty canine sue through her paces , rounding up not only sheep but a few noisy geese as well .
spectators were also treated to a [show] of sheepdog skills which saw & names , put their crafty canine sue through her paces , rounding up not only sheep but a few noisy geese as well .

And well-known local craftsman was there to display his speciality — traditional , hand carved Lakeland walking sticks .
and well-known local craftsman was there to [show] his speciality — traditional , hand carved lakeland walking sticks .

Display Screen Equipment
[show] screen equipment

If it is intended to set up an exhibition in the foyer at ( note address omitted ) , it is necessary to book the foyer area , and to ensure sufficient display boards will be available :
if it is intended to set up an exhibition in the foyer at ( note address omitted ) , it is necessary to book the foyer area , and to ensure sufficient [show] boards will be available :

that it would be suitable to display the exhibition , and whether or not it can be readily supervised by existing staff ;
that it would be suitable to [show] the exhibition , and whether or not it can be readily supervised by existing staff ;

branch librarian , local District Office administrator to confirm the details , check if display boards etc are available and thank for their cooperation .
branch librarian , local district office administrator to confirm the details , check if [show] boards etc are available and thank for their cooperation .

Planned events include a fantasy role-playing war games day , an Easter egg hunt and motorcycle display .
planned events include a fantasy role-playing war games day , an easter egg hunt and motorcycle [show] .

It also boasts an hydraulic system which enables a 20-foot pod to be extended to increase the display area and allows the whole vehicle to lower itself down to a floor height of just 18 inches above the ground .
it also boasts an hydraulic system which enables a 20-foot pod to be extended to increase the [show] area and allows the whole vehicle to lower itself down to a floor height of just 18 inches above the ground .

The unit went on display at Risley site earlier this month and moves to Capenhurst [ March 23–24 ] , Springfields [ March 25–26 ] , Sellafield [ March 30-31 ] and Chapelcross [ April 2–3 ] before an official public opening at the Edinburgh Science Festival .
the unit went on [show] at risley site earlier this month and moves to capenhurst [ march 23–24 ] , springfields [ march 25–26 ] , sellafield [ march 30-31 ] and chapelcross [ april 2–3 ] before an official public opening at the edinburgh science festival .

Thus , Goffman 's material is intended to illustrate , illuminate , try out and display his perspective .
thus , goffman 's material is intended to illustrate , illuminate , try out and [show] his perspective .

The connection between the world and the indices is effected by means of the interrelationships between indices and the strength and durability they display , if they do , from study to study .
the connection between the world and the indices is effected by means of the interrelationships between indices and the strength and durability they [show] , if they do , from study to study .

Indeed , the categories used in the censuses display many of the concerns of the governments of the day .
indeed , the categories used in the censuses [show] many of the concerns of the governments of the day .

The winter sun reached through the bare branches of the limes , making bars of startling light and shade that flickered in the carriage like a pyrotechnic display .
the winter sun reached through the bare branches of the limes , making bars of startling light and shade that flickered in the carriage like a pyrotechnic [show] .

The display of the Wyatts ' wealth , so casually used ( ‘ just a huntin ' lodge ’ ) was more than she could bear .
the [show] of the wyatts ' wealth , so casually used ( ‘ just a huntin ' lodge ’ ) was more than she could bear .

It was characterized by a determined display of party unity , although this was tempered with a greater degree of realism than had been apparent in 1988 .
it was characterized by a determined [show] of party unity , although this was tempered with a greater degree of realism than had been apparent in 1988 .

Iraqi display of captured allied airmen
iraqi [show] of captured allied airmen

The story of a plot had been leaked to various newspapers , and on Sept. 19 the authorities put on public display various small firearms , improvised grenades , loudhailers , photocopying equipment and other items which they claimed were being used to make weapons .
the story of a plot had been leaked to various newspapers , and on sept. 19 the authorities put on public [show] various small firearms , improvised grenades , loudhailers , photocopying equipment and other items which they claimed were being used to make weapons .

Notwithstanding the official explanations , most observers interpreted the move as a display of Russian displeasure over Japan 's relentless pursuit of its territorial dispute with Russia over the Northern Territories .
notwithstanding the official explanations , most observers interpreted the move as a [show] of russian displeasure over japan 's relentless pursuit of its territorial dispute with russia over the northern territories .

While Yeltsin attempted to mobilise political support from the regions against the Supreme Soviet [ see above ] , a display of separatist militancy in speeches at the fourth Congress of the Confederation of Mountain Peoples of the Caucasus , in Grozny ( capital of Chechnia ) on Oct. 3-4 , raised the level of tension in relations with Moscow .
while yeltsin attempted to mobilise political support from the regions against the supreme soviet [ see above ] , a [show] of separatist militancy in speeches at the fourth congress of the confederation of mountain peoples of the caucasus , in grozny ( capital of chechnia ) on oct. 3-4 , raised the level of tension in relations with moscow .

One visiting history adviser looking at a display of old washing equipment got the infants to explain by picking up and examining an old flat iron , looking for the flex and asking `` But how did they plug this in ? ``
one visiting history adviser looking at a [show] of old washing equipment got the infants to explain by picking up and examining an old flat iron , looking for the flex and asking `` but how did they plug this in ? ``

This might be a display for others to see , a school open day when work is displayed to outside visitors , going on a site visit , bringing in a special visitor to view what has been produced , taking part in a play or pageant , or recreating something like a Victorian school day , or some other event , or compiling a class book to hold the results of their work .
this might be a [show] for others to see , a school open day when work is displayed to outside visitors , going on a site visit , bringing in a special visitor to view what has been produced , taking part in a play or pageant , or recreating something like a victorian school day , or some other event , or compiling a class book to hold the results of their work .

Where a teacher is peripatetic in a school building it is much more difficult to display materials and motivate pupil contributions .
where a teacher is peripatetic in a school building it is much more difficult to [show] materials and motivate pupil contributions .

Given room ownership , the effective teacher will establish areas of display .
given room ownership , the effective teacher will establish areas of [show] .

It was great to have you — and , as always , you put on an attractive and generous display of what is on offer from Traidcraft .
it was great to have you — and , as always , you put on an attractive and generous [show] of what is on offer from traidcraft .

Section 11(1) of the 1968 Theft Act provides : … where the public have access to a building in order to view the building or a part of it , or collection or part of a collection housed in it , any person who without lawful authority removes from the building or its grounds the whole or part of any article displayed or kept for display to the public in the building or that part of it or in its grounds shall be guilty of an offence .
section 11(1) of the 1968 theft act provides : … where the public have access to a building in order to view the building or a part of it , or collection or part of a collection housed in it , any person who without lawful authority removes from the building or its grounds the whole or part of any article displayed or kept for [show] to the public in the building or that part of it or in its grounds shall be guilty of an offence .

In addition , card readers and display units can be located at various point-of-sale positions such as bars and restaurants .
in addition , card readers and [show] units can be located at various point-of-sale positions such as bars and restaurants .

Alternatively , a numeric pager can be used , having its own small display screen .
alternatively , a numeric pager can be used , having its own small [show] screen .

The question we need to ask and answer , then , is whether second generation speakers consistently display differential behaviour dependent on the generation of their interlocutors .
the question we need to ask and answer , then , is whether second generation speakers consistently [show] differential behaviour dependent on the generation of their interlocutors .

Furthermore , participants in talk continually listen and respond to the talk of other participants , and in so doing , display their own analyses of what has gone before .
furthermore , participants in talk continually listen and respond to the talk of other participants , and in so doing , [show] their own analyses of what has gone before .

Variation seems to affect all languages and to be present at all levels , although some language types , such as Creoles with post-Creole continua , seem to display more variation than others .
variation seems to affect all languages and to be present at all levels , although some language types , such as creoles with post-creole continua , seem to [show] more variation than others .

On Bonfire night , Pyro puts on a firework display .
on bonfire night , pyro puts on a firework [show] .

According to this view , de Gaulle was calculating that his resignation would produce a groundswell of popular annoyance with the parties or would give the politicians an opportunity to display their full incompetence — either of which outcomes would lead to de Gaulle 's rapid reinstatement , this time with a popular mandate to create the kind of constitution that he favoured .
according to this view , de gaulle was calculating that his resignation would produce a groundswell of popular annoyance with the parties or would give the politicians an opportunity to [show] their full incompetence — either of which outcomes would lead to de gaulle 's rapid reinstatement , this time with a popular mandate to create the kind of constitution that he favoured .

It was also a display of independence from Washington that was meant to be noticed elsewhere , particularly in Moscow .
it was also a [show] of independence from washington that was meant to be noticed elsewhere , particularly in moscow .

Etchings were sent to a printer to make some impressions and someone surreptitiously made copies which he passed on to the defendant who intended to display them in an exhibition which the public could attend on payment of an admission charge .
etchings were sent to a printer to make some impressions and someone surreptitiously made copies which he passed on to the defendant who intended to [show] them in an exhibition which the public could attend on payment of an admission charge .

The merchant 's generosity , by contrast , is more genuinely giving : The merchant is a professed and , as far as we are told , an honest merchant : there is no case for any suggestion that the display of wealth in his `` `` largesse `` `` ( 22 ) is a serious form of duplicity rather than a worthy — if also pragmatic — use of his riches .
the merchant 's generosity , by contrast , is more genuinely giving : the merchant is a professed and , as far as we are told , an honest merchant : there is no case for any suggestion that the [show] of wealth in his `` `` largesse `` `` ( 22 ) is a serious form of duplicity rather than a worthy — if also pragmatic — use of his riches .

It is rather a display of witty dexterity , depending for its effect upon a sharing of specialized learning between author/narrator and readers/listeners .
it is rather a [show] of witty dexterity , depending for its effect upon a sharing of specialized learning between author/narrator and readers/listeners .

The display programme is now being organised by Pat Palmer .
the [show] programme is now being organised by pat palmer .

1 . National Display Team
1 . national [show] team

The cost of getting the display team to Edinburgh for the International Festival of Movement on April 2–3 is proving to be much higher than anticipated .
the cost of getting the [show] team to edinburgh for the international festival of movement on april 2–3 is proving to be much higher than anticipated .

The new display group has started rehearsals for the 30th Anniversary but already we need to start planning for 1983 ! Items with apparatus and live music are particularly being sought — would potential producers please contact the committee .
the new [show] group has started rehearsals for the 30th anniversary but already we need to start planning for 1983 ! items with apparatus and live music are particularly being sought — would potential producers please contact the committee .

8 . Notation of Display Items
8 . notation of [show] items

8 . National Display Team
8 . national [show] team

The Executive Committee have decided that we should be represented and a static display stand has been booked for the five days .
the executive committee have decided that we should be represented and a static [show] stand has been booked for the five days .

There will also be a demonstration arena which we hope to be able to use to show our work through display items and open classes .
there will also be a demonstration arena which we hope to be able to use to show our work through [show] items and open classes .

4 . National Display Team
4 . national [show] team

Beryl also welcomed Rita Quick and thanked her for coming to deputise for Molly at the afternoon session on Devising Display Items .
beryl also welcomed rita quick and thanked her for coming to deputise for molly at the afternoon session on devising [show] items .

3 . National Display Team Future Plans and Audition
3 . national [show] team future plans and audition

6 . New Display Team
6 . new [show] team

As it is now three years since the present display team was formed the time has come for an audition to be held , this will be early in the autumn .
as it is now three years since the present [show] team was formed the time has come for an audition to be held , this will be early in the autumn .

Any offers of Display items direct to Cicely .
any offers of [show] items direct to cicely .

5 . National Display Team
5 . national [show] team

The programme for the reunion will be on the usual lines including a display .
the programme for the reunion will be on the usual lines including a [show] .

Offers of display items are invited , as the programme is already being devised these should be submitted immediately .
offers of [show] items are invited , as the programme is already being devised these should be submitted immediately .

16 . Devising Display Items
16 . devising [show] items

Before embarking upon a display or demonstration , however formal or informal the occasion , think out why you are doing it and what you hope to achieve .
before embarking upon a [show] or demonstration , however formal or informal the occasion , think out why you are doing it and what you hope to achieve .

First — get familiar with the setting for the display .
first — get familiar with the setting for the [show] .

Be sure that the display you are mounting is at the right level for the event and that you are using appropriate material and performers . Does it call for : —
be sure that the [show] you are mounting is at the right level for the event and that you are using appropriate material and performers . does it call for : —

an average class display ?
an average class [show] ?

a National Display Team item ?
a national [show] team item ?

For a large scale public display an audition is probably the best method of selection , leaving interested performers free to offer themselves .
for a large scale public [show] an audition is probably the best method of selection , leaving interested performers free to offer themselves .

e ) The National Display Team
e ) the national [show] team

Those of us who display Buddha in the drawing-room are not necessarily Buddhists .
those of us who [show] buddha in the drawing-room are not necessarily buddhists .

None of the bargeowners could afford to waste electricity , and the display was really intended for much later at night , but he had turned it on early to surprise and please them .
none of the bargeowners could afford to waste electricity , and the [show] was really intended for much later at night , but he had turned it on early to surprise and please them .

In addition , they also contain national information on the miscarriages of the youngest and oldest age groups ( data by residence did not display these categories ) .
in addition , they also contain national information on the miscarriages of the youngest and oldest age groups ( data by residence did not [show] these categories ) .

When it ended we moved out on to the palace balcony to watch a display of fireworks , the first to be given in the country ; but after two rockets had been fired something went wrong and the rest blew up .
when it ended we moved out on to the palace balcony to watch a [show] of fireworks , the first to be given in the country ; but after two rockets had been fired something went wrong and the rest blew up .

In a title search , for example , a search for an incomplete or garbled title would lead to the choice of a title index display or a search for titles containing the words of the search , and thenceforth behave rather as if it were doing a subject search .
in a title search , for example , a search for an incomplete or garbled title would lead to the choice of a title index [show] or a search for titles containing the words of the search , and thenceforth behave rather as if it were doing a subject search .

The experiment obtained data on user preferences and general assessments of the performance of the two catalogues on ease of use and learning , display formats , selection menu design and the ease and speed of navigation and browsing .
the experiment obtained data on user preferences and general assessments of the performance of the two catalogues on ease of use and learning , [show] formats , selection menu design and the ease and speed of navigation and browsing .

Display formats
[show] formats

It does not appear that subjects were specifically asked to compare the brief display formats .
it does not appear that subjects were specifically asked to compare the brief [show] formats .

Then there are long sessions , lasting up to an hour and involving the display of hundreds , occasionally thousands , of records .
then there are long sessions , lasting up to an hour and involving the [show] of hundreds , occasionally thousands , of records .

The greatest part of most searches is spent in looking at record displays , so information and dialogue windows would usually overlay a portion of a bibliographic display .
the greatest part of most searches is spent in looking at record displays , so information and dialogue windows would usually overlay a portion of a bibliographic [show] .

Whatever display and interaction techniques are used , it seems clear that a system which aims to satisfy the widely differing needs of widely differing types of user must already incorporate some degree of adaptivity .
whatever [show] and interaction techniques are used , it seems clear that a system which aims to satisfy the widely differing needs of widely differing types of user must already incorporate some degree of adaptivity .

Arguments are not about facts but about the tactical display of facts .
arguments are not about facts but about the tactical [show] of facts .

They appreciate the trouble taken by the retailer to display the goods .
they appreciate the trouble taken by the retailer to [show] the goods .

The northern sky was resplendent in stars of unbelievable intensity and flickered with a bizarre display of the Aurora Borealis .
the northern sky was resplendent in stars of unbelievable intensity and flickered with a bizarre [show] of the aurora borealis .

During the reception a beautifully made scale model of Searcher was presented to the Department for display at Headquarters alongside all the other models of cutters through the ages .
during the reception a beautifully made scale model of searcher was presented to the department for [show] at headquarters alongside all the other models of cutters through the ages .

The biggest task had been the design and obtaining of the new Display Stand on show , at the rear of the Conference Hall .
the biggest task had been the design and obtaining of the new [show] stand on show , at the rear of the conference hall .

The President stated that all nominations had been on display at the rear of the Hall since the beginning of the meeting .
the president stated that all nominations had been on [show] at the rear of the hall since the beginning of the meeting .

Equally a flaunting parade of your new knowledge is not a good advertisement , when contacting members of the medical profession , even trained nurses ; do not seek to display your acquaintance with medical terms , although do not hesitate to put the case for Modern Embalming in technical language if the occasion warrants it .
equally a flaunting parade of your new knowledge is not a good advertisement , when contacting members of the medical profession , even trained nurses ; do not seek to [show] your acquaintance with medical terms , although do not hesitate to put the case for modern embalming in technical language if the occasion warrants it .

This thrilling display includes both antiquities and facsimiles specially created for the exhibition .
this thrilling [show] includes both antiquities and facsimiles specially created for the exhibition .

Medau Display Teams
medau [show] teams

There were just five performers in our first display team ( circa 1949 ) including teachers Molly Braithwaite and Christa Haring .
there were just five performers in our first [show] team ( circa 1949 ) including teachers molly braithwaite and christa haring .

For our own 25th Anniversary celebrations at the Royal Albert Hall in 1978 Cicely produced a most imaginative programme using the National Display Team to link together a number of items depicting the history of Medau Rhythmic Movement .
for our own 25th anniversary celebrations at the royal albert hall in 1978 cicely produced a most imaginative programme using the national [show] team to link together a number of items depicting the history of medau rhythmic movement .

The Youth Team and several of the regional display teams , formed especially for that event , have continued to develop their various talents over the years , and many will be represented today at our 40th Anniversary .
the youth team and several of the regional [show] teams , formed especially for that event , have continued to develop their various talents over the years , and many will be represented today at our 40th anniversary .

Since Cicely retired in 1981 , Margaret Charlwood had trained the National Display Team with several guest choreographers ( including Lucy Jackson , Pat Gaskell , and Betty Hartley ) producing individual works with the team which has continued to represent the Society with great credit .
since cicely retired in 1981 , margaret charlwood had trained the national [show] team with several guest choreographers ( including lucy jackson , pat gaskell , and betty hartley ) producing individual works with the team which has continued to represent the society with great credit .

In a training capacity she had the opportunity to travel to many parts of England , Ireland and Scotland and has the satisfaction of training the National Display Team .
in a training capacity she had the opportunity to travel to many parts of england , ireland and scotland and has the satisfaction of training the national [show] team .

Medau Display attracts large crowd circa 1950
medau [show] attracts large crowd circa 1950

The Medau Society 's National Display Team were invited to perform , and Hilary Weedon , elected on to the Executive of the Medauring ( the International Medau Teachers ' Association ) , spoke on the development of Medau work in England .
the medau society 's national [show] team were invited to perform , and hilary weedon , elected on to the executive of the medauring ( the international medau teachers ' association ) , spoke on the development of medau work in england .

taking part in the 1968 Norfolk Show in the presence of Queen Elizabeth , the Queen Mother , who remarked later in the day to some class members how much she had enjoyed their display , and Norfolk 's Jubilee Rally in 1977 , when Molly Braithwaite was presented with a bouquet from Norfolk 's oldest class member , 82 year old Mrs Grapes .
taking part in the 1968 norfolk show in the presence of queen elizabeth , the queen mother , who remarked later in the day to some class members how much she had enjoyed their [show] , and norfolk 's jubilee rally in 1977 , when molly braithwaite was presented with a bouquet from norfolk 's oldest class member , 82 year old mrs grapes .

Norfolk Display Team
norfolk [show] team

Runs national and area display teams
runs national and area [show] teams

Furthermore , we have analysed potential correlations between individual motor function disturbances and age or duration of diabetes using univariate histograms and bivariate scatter plots ( generalized draftman 's display ) .
furthermore , we have analysed potential correlations between individual motor function disturbances and age or duration of diabetes using univariate histograms and bivariate scatter plots ( generalized draftman 's [show] ) .

However , in the high grade group the disease can present with a bulky gastric tumour extending to nearby or distant organs and can display much more aggressive behaviour which can not be controlled by surgery .
however , in the high grade group the disease can present with a bulky gastric tumour extending to nearby or distant organs and can [show] much more aggressive behaviour which can not be controlled by surgery .

The introduction of the ‘ Spaceman ’ programme , which allows retailers to computer-plan the optimum use of available display space , is a good example of the trade support expertise for which United Distillers is rapidly becoming known .
the introduction of the ‘ spaceman ’ programme , which allows retailers to computer-plan the optimum use of available [show] space , is a good example of the trade support expertise for which united distillers is rapidly becoming known .

of the man seemed to be on display .
of the man seemed to be on [show] .

’ said Iris , her nerve restored by this display of masculine weakness .
’ said iris , her nerve restored by this [show] of masculine weakness .

It does not display work load .
it does not [show] work load .

These start with the raw material and smallest components , at the highest levels , and display the order of assembly stages into larger and larger subassemblies as the level numbers decrease , the lowest level being the complete product .
these start with the raw material and smallest components , at the highest levels , and [show] the order of assembly stages into larger and larger subassemblies as the level numbers decrease , the lowest level being the complete product .

The receivers are asked to display their results .
the receivers are asked to [show] their results .

In the 50 seats that Labour needed to capture at the next election , people would continue to view the party with suspicion ‘ until we display democracy in our organisation ’ .
in the 50 seats that labour needed to capture at the next election , people would continue to view the party with suspicion ‘ until we [show] democracy in our organisation ’ .

‘ Fish is such wonderful stuff , so perishable and so delicate , ’ enthuses Mr Black , waving at the glorious display of shellfish all around us .
‘ fish is such wonderful stuff , so perishable and so delicate , ’ enthuses mr black , waving at the glorious [show] of shellfish all around us .

The open air fish market does brisk business every morning except Sunday and Monday and is well worth a visit for its display of fresh and smoked specialities , as well as a huge range of shellfish .
the open air fish market does brisk business every morning except sunday and monday and is well worth a visit for its [show] of fresh and smoked specialities , as well as a huge range of shellfish .

Look into a cavernous gap down the right side of the dashboard and there are wires on display — beyond them , daylight .
look into a cavernous gap down the right side of the dashboard and there are wires on [show] — beyond them , daylight .

Initially , of course , those who drove her out had to justify their actions to Elizabeth and prevent the English queen making any serious attempt to restore her sister of Scotland ; and they used that scholar of European distinction , George Buchanan , as their apologist , thus enabling the grave and learned humanist to display a remarkable talent for writing , as it were , copy for the Sun in the style of The Times , in his sensational Ane detectioun of the doinges of Marie quene of Scottes .
initially , of course , those who drove her out had to justify their actions to elizabeth and prevent the english queen making any serious attempt to restore her sister of scotland ; and they used that scholar of european distinction , george buchanan , as their apologist , thus enabling the grave and learned humanist to [show] a remarkable talent for writing , as it were , copy for the sun in the style of the times , in his sensational ane detectioun of the doinges of marie quene of scottes .

In fact , at the death-bed there was an astonishing display of Protestant respect for the regent who had fought so hard for the French alliance and the survival of the Catholic faith .
in fact , at the death-bed there was an astonishing [show] of protestant respect for the regent who had fought so hard for the french alliance and the survival of the catholic faith .

It is not an excuse for social display .
it is not an excuse for social [show] .

Books are much in evidence , in Russian , Czech , German and English , lining an old , elegant glass-fronted display cabinet .
books are much in evidence , in russian , czech , german and english , lining an old , elegant glass-fronted [show] cabinet .

The very existence of the interment camps had been a state secret and virtually all the materials on display would have been ‘ classified ’ before the recent revolution .
the very existence of the interment camps had been a state secret and virtually all the materials on [show] would have been ‘ classified ’ before the recent revolution .

She stood fingering the tresses of the willow , branches of which wept over the upturned hull of a boat , which had been dug out of the peat bog to the north of the island and was permanently on display .
she stood fingering the tresses of the willow , branches of which wept over the upturned hull of a boat , which had been dug out of the peat bog to the north of the island and was permanently on [show] .

It can display the faults , schisms , dislocations , crystalline fractures and slip planes of hard materials or the malleable lattices , folds and lumps of fabrics , plasticine and modelling clay .
it can [show] the faults , schisms , dislocations , crystalline fractures and slip planes of hard materials or the malleable lattices , folds and lumps of fabrics , plasticine and modelling clay .

But at all times , if they are of one body , they will display continuity of programme .
but at all times , if they are of one body , they will [show] continuity of programme .

In such a competition , the right to display or flaunt the symbols of one 's own culture , even when it was almost certain to provoke a violent response from the other side , was a crucial right .
in such a competition , the right to [show] or flaunt the symbols of one 's own culture , even when it was almost certain to provoke a violent response from the other side , was a crucial right .

Public marches permit the display of one 's symbols : the flags , the banners , the open Bible , and , on occasions , the uniforms which hint at potential violence .
public marches permit the [show] of one 's symbols : the flags , the banners , the open bible , and , on occasions , the uniforms which hint at potential violence .

We however consider it the best mode of instruction , as we are perpetually saying , that when ever a horse acts agreeably to the wishes of his rider , it should follow that he receive some indulgence from him . For what a horse does under compulsion … he does without understanding , and with no more grace than a dancer would display if a person should whip and spur him during his performance …
we however consider it the best mode of instruction , as we are perpetually saying , that when ever a horse acts agreeably to the wishes of his rider , it should follow that he receive some indulgence from him . for what a horse does under compulsion … he does without understanding , and with no more grace than a dancer would [show] if a person should whip and spur him during his performance …

Instead of ‘ getting on with the job ’ , as the horsemen say , a colt or stallion may respond to the mare with fear , aggression , or playfulness — behaviour which normal animals display towards strange or novel objects .
instead of ‘ getting on with the job ’ , as the horsemen say , a colt or stallion may respond to the mare with fear , aggression , or playfulness — behaviour which normal animals [show] towards strange or novel objects .

Isolating stallions from other horses obviously plays a large part in the aggression and even viciousness some stallions display towards mares .
isolating stallions from other horses obviously plays a large part in the aggression and even viciousness some stallions [show] towards mares .

Horses kept in isolation , often the fate of colts after weaning , frequently display the inappropriate behaviour and high anxiety which is demonstrated time and time again in laboratory animals reared in impoverished environments with reduced mental and sensory stimulation .
horses kept in isolation , often the fate of colts after weaning , frequently [show] the inappropriate behaviour and high anxiety which is demonstrated time and time again in laboratory animals reared in impoverished environments with reduced mental and sensory stimulation .

When we mix up strange horses in this way , it is not surprising that some should display aggression , as the horses have not had the opportunity to work out their social positions in relation to each other .
when we mix up strange horses in this way , it is not surprising that some should [show] aggression , as the horses have not had the opportunity to work out their social positions in relation to each other .

They may display their feelings by refusing to eat , and turning a deaf ear to anyone who calls their name .
they may [show] their feelings by refusing to eat , and turning a deaf ear to anyone who calls their name .

We expect all horses that are well looked after to be cheerful , but like people , some display it more than others .
we expect all horses that are well looked after to be cheerful , but like people , some [show] it more than others .

Mill Reef returned to Longchamp the following spring to notch up a ten-length victory in the Prix Ganay , but after a lacklustre display when beating Homeric a neck in the Coronation Cup at Epsom he did not race again : he was being prepared for a second Arc when on 30 August 1972 he fractured a foreleg on the gallops , and was retired to stud .
mill reef returned to longchamp the following spring to notch up a ten-length victory in the prix ganay , but after a lacklustre [show] when beating homeric a neck in the coronation cup at epsom he did not race again : he was being prepared for a second arc when on 30 august 1972 he fractured a foreleg on the gallops , and was retired to stud .

But somehow they are wrong , for at every stage of this incredible race — at every stage , that is , bar the one that matters , at the winning post — the only rightful winner had to be Crisp , whose astonishing display of galloping and jumping in the toughest race in the calendar must , were there any justice in the world , have been blessed with success .
but somehow they are wrong , for at every stage of this incredible race — at every stage , that is , bar the one that matters , at the winning post — the only rightful winner had to be crisp , whose astonishing [show] of galloping and jumping in the toughest race in the calendar must , were there any justice in the world , have been blessed with success .

Someone who annoyed with her need for sympathy , who irritated with her shameless display of pathos .
someone who annoyed with her need for sympathy , who irritated with her shameless [show] of pathos .

Kylie 's grandparents Dennis and Millie proudly display their family
kylie 's grandparents dennis and millie proudly [show] their family

Not only proud to display her naked breasts — which attracted some criticism from some quarters for their shape and size — Kylie was revelling in the debate about her body .
not only proud to [show] her naked breasts — which attracted some criticism from some quarters for their shape and size — kylie was revelling in the debate about her body .

Rows of benches with damp kneeling pads stood before the display .
rows of benches with damp kneeling pads stood before the [show] .

Other coins made from the same different die can often be found , thus establishing a chain of die links between objects which might otherwise display no close similarities .
other coins made from the same different die can often be found , thus establishing a chain of die links between objects which might otherwise [show] no close similarities .

Here richly , with ridiculous display ,
here richly , with ridiculous [show] ,

The style of discussion — Zuwaya rhetoric — was generally subdued and relaxed , governed by two apparent rules : first , it was shameful to display personal interests openly ; and , secondly , it was impolite to disagree with guests or hosts .
the style of discussion — zuwaya rhetoric — was generally subdued and relaxed , governed by two apparent rules : first , it was shameful to [show] personal interests openly ; and , secondly , it was impolite to disagree with guests or hosts .

Some of its fluid cinematic effects are highly successful , others are distractingly off-key : a non-Shavian sequence in which Eliza and Freddy Eynsford-Hill spend the night scurrying all over London , for instance , and a display of flashes and bangs and madly revolving loudspeakers as Eliza starts wrecking Higgins 's language laboratory .
some of its fluid cinematic effects are highly successful , others are distractingly off-key : a non-shavian sequence in which eliza and freddy eynsford-hill spend the night scurrying all over london , for instance , and a [show] of flashes and bangs and madly revolving loudspeakers as eliza starts wrecking higgins 's language laboratory .

Of course they are wonderful technicians , but this was turning dance into an athletics display , with art almost entirely out of sight .
of course they are wonderful technicians , but this was turning dance into an athletics [show] , with art almost entirely out of sight .

St Petersburg is justly famous as one of the centres of this art form , and we were lucky to have the chance to welcome such a noble display in London .
st petersburg is justly famous as one of the centres of this art form , and we were lucky to have the chance to welcome such a noble [show] in london .

They will now be able to display plaques .
they will now be able to [show] plaques .

There was also a thrilling supermarket trolley formation display by the Safeway Green Arrows .
there was also a thrilling supermarket trolley formation [show] by the safeway green arrows .

We shall be spared Labour 's radical and dangerous plans for constitutional reforms , although if the Tories are wise they will display a new sensitivity and imagination in their government of Scotland .
we shall be spared labour 's radical and dangerous plans for constitutional reforms , although if the tories are wise they will [show] a new sensitivity and imagination in their government of scotland .

Survey after survey , purporting to display a swing to Labour which would instal Mr Kinnock in Downing Street , must have helped to focus many uncertain minds .
survey after survey , purporting to [show] a swing to labour which would instal mr kinnock in downing street , must have helped to focus many uncertain minds .

Ian McKellen brilliantly seized the opportunity to display his camp humour in the title role .
ian mckellen brilliantly seized the opportunity to [show] his camp humour in the title role .

On this occasion his display was an infuriating mish-mash of inconsistency and questionable judgment .
on this occasion his [show] was an infuriating mish-mash of inconsistency and questionable judgment .

Hirst , after 55 minutes , and Worthington , after 87 , struck the decisive goals , but it was the all-round display — and Coton 's goalkeeping for City — which must have impressed the watching England manager Graham Taylor .
hirst , after 55 minutes , and worthington , after 87 , struck the decisive goals , but it was the all-round [show] — and coton 's goalkeeping for city — which must have impressed the watching england manager graham taylor .

Windows comes with Applets — the name given to the collection of programs , including Write , a reasonable word processor although sadly lacking some advanced features ; Clock , with either a digital or analogue display ; Cardfile , a flat-file database ; Paintbrush , drawing program ; and Terminal , a basic communication program which supports Kermit or Xmodem file transfer protocols .
windows comes with applets — the name given to the collection of programs , including write , a reasonable word processor although sadly lacking some advanced features ; clock , with either a digital or analogue [show] ; cardfile , a flat-file database ; paintbrush , drawing program ; and terminal , a basic communication program which supports kermit or xmodem file transfer protocols .

Osaka Transport Authority operates a ‘ hit-money ’ system that rewards staff who display forbearance when attacked , like the station employee who recently asked a man kicking a broken vending machine to stop , only to be hit on the head .
osaka transport authority operates a ‘ hit-money ’ system that rewards staff who [show] forbearance when attacked , like the station employee who recently asked a man kicking a broken vending machine to stop , only to be hit on the head .

But last night they produced the sort of display that has taken them to Wembley .
but last night they produced the sort of [show] that has taken them to wembley .

His performance yesterday morning after his weather-weary display late on Saturday proved his quality , on a course designed to discover just that .
his performance yesterday morning after his weather-weary [show] late on saturday proved his quality , on a course designed to discover just that .

Their display also served to demonstrate faults under the searching limelight that championship-chasing brings .
their [show] also served to demonstrate faults under the searching limelight that championship-chasing brings .

Federal Judge Vaughn Walker dismissed Apple 's claim that the popular computer display graphics on its Macintosh range had been copied by the two firms .
federal judge vaughn walker dismissed apple 's claim that the popular computer [show] graphics on its macintosh range had been copied by the two firms .

Carl Prean , the dedicated technician , levelled the score at 1–1 with another ice-cool display that left Mikael Appelgren gasping as the Swede was well beaten 21–19 , 21–16 .
carl prean , the dedicated technician , levelled the score at 1–1 with another ice-cool [show] that left mikael appelgren gasping as the swede was well beaten 21–19 , 21–16 .

Hence we have an up-ended Land Rover , a display of Royal Doulton china , and two pseudo-Classical showcases full of Marks & Spencer products occupying the ground floor , along with a rather tacky souvenir shop .
hence we have an up-ended land rover , a [show] of royal doulton china , and two pseudo-classical showcases full of marks & spencer products occupying the ground floor , along with a rather tacky souvenir shop .

Do the sponsors feel that this tawdry display does them any good ?
do the sponsors feel that this tawdry [show] does them any good ?

Science : Windows on worlds beyond Science editor RogerHighfield spotlights the best of British space wizardry about to go on display in Seville
science : windows on worlds beyond science editor rogerhighfield spotlights the best of british space wizardry about to go on [show] in seville

John rests his not-inconsiderable front on the glass counter of the gun display which offers a nice little Derringer for the wife , or a thirty-eight special .
john rests his not-inconsiderable front on the glass counter of the gun [show] which offers a nice little derringer for the wife , or a thirty-eight special .

Not all , exactly : getting old is the last display for the bread-and-circuses culture .
not all , exactly : getting old is the last [show] for the bread-and-circuses culture .

Besides the destruction of their habitat caused by dam building , silt and pollutant discharges into rivers , and the effects of boat traffic , the dolphins have also had to contend with accidental capture in fisheries , directed hunts for food and other uses , and even capture for display in overseas aquaria .
besides the destruction of their habitat caused by dam building , silt and pollutant discharges into rivers , and the effects of boat traffic , the dolphins have also had to contend with accidental capture in fisheries , directed hunts for food and other uses , and even capture for [show] in overseas aquaria .

Scientists from Nanjing Normal University are building display tanks and a semi-natural reserve in the form of a 1.5km ( 1-mile ) channel between two islands in the river at Tongling .
scientists from nanjing normal university are building [show] tanks and a semi-natural reserve in the form of a 1.5km ( 1-mile ) channel between two islands in the river at tongling .

The star of many a shop display , though , is a 22-inch high model Patriot missile ; it can fly to a height of 600 feet .
the star of many a shop [show] , though , is a 22-inch high model patriot missile ; it can fly to a height of 600 feet .

Do not leave your best virgin oils on display in a bright , sun-filled kitchen as they will quickly go rancid .
do not leave your best virgin oils on [show] in a bright , sun-filled kitchen as they will quickly go rancid .

In the past it was often hung from farmhouse ceilings to display a person 's wealth ( the more Gaperons the better ) and to indicate the size of the dowry of an eligible daughter .
in the past it was often hung from farmhouse ceilings to [show] a person 's wealth ( the more gaperons the better ) and to indicate the size of the dowry of an eligible daughter .

If you are laying your cocktail party nibbles out on a table that the guests will see , it is a very good idea to have a centre-piece , to give a focal point to the display and some height as most nibbles are small and therefore low .
if you are laying your cocktail party nibbles out on a table that the guests will see , it is a very good idea to have a centre-piece , to give a focal point to the [show] and some height as most nibbles are small and therefore low .

In a sincere attempt to display the importance of God in the scheme of things , Berkeley sought to rebuild the ‘ new philosophy ’ on the more solidly religious foundations of a complete and thoroughgoing spiritual immaterialism .
in a sincere attempt to [show] the importance of god in the scheme of things , berkeley sought to rebuild the ‘ new philosophy ’ on the more solidly religious foundations of a complete and thoroughgoing spiritual immaterialism .

Elizabethan builders were learning new things from the Netherlands , and Thomas Howard was eager to display his knowledge of architectural fashion .
elizabethan builders were learning new things from the netherlands , and thomas howard was eager to [show] his knowledge of architectural fashion .

It was built to house the younger son of the Emmersons of Easby Hall and to display the style and flourish of a small gentleman 's residence .
it was built to house the younger son of the emmersons of easby hall and to [show] the style and flourish of a small gentleman 's residence .

Widcombe Manor , with all its crisp carving on pilasters , columns , quoins , swags and urns , is as fresh today as when it was built — perhaps by the Bath mason Thomas Greenaway as it is a fine display of all the decorative details he could do best .
widcombe manor , with all its crisp carving on pilasters , columns , quoins , swags and urns , is as fresh today as when it was built — perhaps by the bath mason thomas greenaway as it is a fine [show] of all the decorative details he could do best .

Its formal approach to the north-west of the church , between wide grass borders with their April drifts of daffodils , is the result of the Thorold family 's ostentatious display of modern taste .
its formal approach to the north-west of the church , between wide grass borders with their april drifts of daffodils , is the result of the thorold family 's ostentatious [show] of modern taste .

First impressions were all-important to the cultivated Georgian gentleman — the long meandering drive to display the land , the rich pedimented pillars to display the learning and quality of the owner , and then the entrance hall .
first impressions were all-important to the cultivated georgian gentleman — the long meandering drive to [show] the land , the rich pedimented pillars to [show] the learning and quality of the owner , and then the entrance hall .

And then the Greens ' past caught up with them — or , more accurately , was put on display by the government parties — and the Social Democrats retreated rapidly in case the electorate took fright at the thought of a pact with such a dubious , anarchic bunch .
and then the greens ' past caught up with them — or , more accurately , was put on [show] by the government parties — and the social democrats retreated rapidly in case the electorate took fright at the thought of a pact with such a dubious , anarchic bunch .

Their innings , though , was marked by a wonderful display from Gooch , his thirty-sixth attempt finally produced a Test century , and it was very much worth waiting for .
their innings , though , was marked by a wonderful [show] from gooch , his thirty-sixth attempt finally produced a test century , and it was very much worth waiting for .

For Richards it was another triumph , with 145 coming off just 159 balls , a display even more spectacular than Gooch 's — although the Englishman had had to contend with rather more hostile bowling .
for richards it was another triumph , with 145 coming off just 159 balls , a [show] even more spectacular than gooch 's — although the englishman had had to contend with rather more hostile bowling .

Richards , croft , Garner , King , Holding , Kallischarran , Lloyd , Murray and Greenidge display the silverware .
richards , croft , garner , king , holding , kallischarran , lloyd , murray and greenidge [show] the silverware .

All our bookshops continued to sell ‘ The Satanic Verses ’ and , with only a few exceptions where serious threats had been made , the book was always on display .
all our bookshops continued to sell ‘ the satanic verses ’ and , with only a few exceptions where serious threats had been made , the book was always on [show] .

To my knowledge , the book was on display in nearly all independent bookshops .
to my knowledge , the book was on [show] in nearly all independent bookshops .

‘ The Satanic Verses ’ was readily available and on display in bookshops , and remained a bestseller for many months .
‘ the satanic verses ’ was readily available and on [show] in bookshops , and remained a bestseller for many months .

Reverential pictures of Saddam Hussein are on display in Pakistan 's big cities .
reverential pictures of saddam hussein are on [show] in pakistan 's big cities .

She needed to be the centre of attention and her clothes showed her love of display .
she needed to be the centre of attention and her clothes showed her love of [show] .

Sometimes his collection of gnomes would be on display , and every anniversary was commemorated by faded buff photographs and artefacts .
sometimes his collection of gnomes would be on [show] , and every anniversary was commemorated by faded buff photographs and artefacts .

It was on a moonless night , fortunately , that the little town held its firework display , the culmination of its week-long yearly carnival .
it was on a moonless night , fortunately , that the little town held its firework [show] , the culmination of its week-long yearly carnival .

Furious but civil , he had offered to go round to her flat to see her , an offer which she had declined with the first sign of decisiveness she had been heard to display .
furious but civil , he had offered to go round to her flat to see her , an offer which she had declined with the first sign of decisiveness she had been heard to [show] .

Philip pointed at the display board with his certificates on .
philip pointed at the [show] board with his certificates on .

Simply to show photographs of inmates , and to display the grisly collections of 3,500 suitcases , 29,000 toothbrushes and yards of human hair is no longer enough .
simply to show photographs of inmates , and to [show] the grisly collections of 3,500 suitcases , 29,000 toothbrushes and yards of human hair is no longer enough .

The usually-amusing , Belloc , Wilde and Betjeman , can be disappointing ; others — Lamb , Forster and even Churchill — display an alarming taste for whimsy .
the usually-amusing , belloc , wilde and betjeman , can be disappointing ; others — lamb , forster and even churchill — [show] an alarming taste for whimsy .

The other ‘ forest ’ consists of 36 black metal columns , each with two brightly-lit ‘ portholes ’ for viewing , either through a magnifying-glass window or , on the other side of the tree-column , in its natural size , a display of brooches , rings , ankle bracelets and other stupendously crafted objects .
the other ‘ forest ’ consists of 36 black metal columns , each with two brightly-lit ‘ portholes ’ for viewing , either through a magnifying-glass window or , on the other side of the tree-column , in its natural size , a [show] of brooches , rings , ankle bracelets and other stupendously crafted objects .

The machine can be made to look for common letter groups and then display them , massively magnified , together on the screen , helping a human expert to decide if they match .
the machine can be made to look for common letter groups and then [show] them , massively magnified , together on the screen , helping a human expert to decide if they match .

Soon PostScript ( and one of its rivals , called TrueType , which is the brain-child of Apple and Microsoft , two suppliers to the personal-computer market ) will be added to the nuts and bolts of computers so that their screens accurately display the page about to be printed .
soon postscript ( and one of its rivals , called truetype , which is the brain-child of apple and microsoft , two suppliers to the personal-computer market ) will be added to the nuts and bolts of computers so that their screens accurately [show] the page about to be printed .

The wallet-sized Portfolio weighs just over a pound , yet opens out to reveal a qwerty keyboard and an eight line by 40 column display .
the wallet-sized portfolio weighs just over a pound , yet opens out to reveal a qwerty keyboard and an eight line by 40 column [show] .

Therefore the workstation had to have software to manage the screen display too .
therefore the workstation had to have software to manage the screen [show] too .

It provides a unique display of modern British art for those who wish to shop — or simply window shop .
it provides a unique [show] of modern british art for those who wish to shop — or simply window shop .

He is not yet 20 , but his technical control , confidence , brilliance and intellectual depth display an outstanding maturity .
he is not yet 20 , but his technical control , confidence , brilliance and intellectual depth [show] an outstanding maturity .

The orchestral one with the Israel Philharmonic and Zubin Mehta features what might be loosely called ‘ display ’ pieces .
the orchestral one with the israel philharmonic and zubin mehta features what might be loosely called ‘ [show] ’ pieces .

The Imperial Russian tradition of grand display pieces has painlessly given birth to Grigorovich 's epics — grand , without doubt , but lumpen compared with Balanchine 's irreverent classicism or MacMillan 's exploratory dance-dramas .
the imperial russian tradition of grand [show] pieces has painlessly given birth to grigorovich 's epics — grand , without doubt , but lumpen compared with balanchine 's irreverent classicism or macmillan 's exploratory dance-dramas .

Some delightful snapshots taken by the Queen herself complete the display , followed by a token sampling of the royal collections , including pictures by contemporary and even ‘ modern ’ artists such as Salvador Dali , Ivon Hitchens and Alan Davie .
some delightful snapshots taken by the queen herself complete the [show] , followed by a token sampling of the royal collections , including pictures by contemporary and even ‘ modern ’ artists such as salvador dali , ivon hitchens and alan davie .

The commentator 's ingenuous query could just as well have been prompted , however , by an unrelated but somehow symptomatic display of the insensitivity and obstinacy that have come to be regarded as part of Kohl 's character .
the commentator 's ingenuous query could just as well have been prompted , however , by an unrelated but somehow symptomatic [show] of the insensitivity and obstinacy that have come to be regarded as part of kohl 's character .

Perhaps , though , it was Pepper 's display which exposed some of their deficiencies for the impetus was created and maintained almost exclusively by the forwards , who dominated the lineout and drove magnificently .
perhaps , though , it was pepper 's [show] which exposed some of their deficiencies for the impetus was created and maintained almost exclusively by the forwards , who dominated the lineout and drove magnificently .

An estimated 4,000 crowd , with some being accommodated on the top deck of four double deck buses , saw Dunvant give everything in a spirited display .
an estimated 4,000 crowd , with some being accommodated on the top deck of four double deck buses , saw dunvant give everything in a spirited [show] .

All Leeds , who remain a point behind Manchester United but have now played two games more , can hope for is a similar display by City at Old Trafford on Tuesday .
all leeds , who remain a point behind manchester united but have now played two games more , can hope for is a similar [show] by city at old trafford on tuesday .

For example , my 10-year-old cupressus was busy stifling a display of daffodils , nicely set off by purple aubrieta .
for example , my 10-year-old cupressus was busy stifling a [show] of daffodils , nicely set off by purple aubrieta .

The rowan ( Sorbus aucuparia ) is a great favourite of starlings , which provide an amusing display of gluttony as they devour the bright red autumn berries .
the rowan ( sorbus aucuparia ) is a great favourite of starlings , which provide an amusing [show] of gluttony as they devour the bright red autumn berries .

New legislation , which comes into force on May 18 , insists that all money-changers — be they high street banks , travel agents , hotels or specialist bureaux de change — display clearly their exchange rates and sometimes outrageous commission charges .
new legislation , which comes into force on may 18 , insists that all money-changers — be they high street banks , travel agents , hotels or specialist bureaux de change — [show] clearly their exchange rates and sometimes outrageous commission charges .

’ The bomb , which has been safely disposed of , is not on display , but there is much else to admire in the way of embroidery , china , glass , silver and costume .
’ the bomb , which has been safely disposed of , is not on [show] , but there is much else to admire in the way of embroidery , china , glass , silver and costume .

Motor Racing : Mansell produces masterly display
motor racing : mansell produces masterly [show]

This was by far London 's worst display and it leaves them rooted at the foot of the European Division with a 1–2 record .
this was by far london 's worst [show] and it leaves them rooted at the foot of the european division with a 1–2 record .

While the splendid John Devereux improved his chances of being named in today 's Great Britain touring squad to Australia , with a fine display from his old rugby union position of centre , they were without too many of their creative players to open a hard-tackling defence which absorbed the pressure and were always on the lookout for the counter-attack .
while the splendid john devereux improved his chances of being named in today 's great britain touring squad to australia , with a fine [show] from his old rugby union position of centre , they were without too many of their creative players to open a hard-tackling defence which absorbed the pressure and were always on the lookout for the counter-attack .

Species on display in the World Pheasant Association aviaries include Satyr Tragopan , Himalayan Monal , Grey Peacock Pheasants , and Reeve 's and Siamese Fireback 's Pheasants .
species on [show] in the world pheasant association aviaries include satyr tragopan , himalayan monal , grey peacock pheasants , and reeve 's and siamese fireback 's pheasants .

Stable buildings at the rear of the Manor House have been converted for the display of reptiles , amphibians and fishes .
stable buildings at the rear of the manor house have been converted for the [show] of reptiles , amphibians and fishes .

Other colourful snakes on display include King Snakes which will prey on other snakes , mambas and cobras from Africa , Rainbow and Haitian Boas from Central and South America , Garter Snakes from North America , Carpet and Children 's Pythons from Australia , and Mangrove Snakes from Asia .
other colourful snakes on [show] include king snakes which will prey on other snakes , mambas and cobras from africa , rainbow and haitian boas from central and south america , garter snakes from north america , carpet and children 's pythons from australia , and mangrove snakes from asia .

Falconry display .
falconry [show] .

Nearby is Villa Taranto , famous for having over 20,000 plants and trees on display , many of them on the endangered list .
nearby is villa taranto , famous for having over 20,000 plants and trees on [show] , many of them on the endangered list .

With winding street hidden behind massive stone walls , the old town is a must to visit , particularly in the cool of evening when the traders in the street markets display their wares and the old shops open after the afternoon siesta to sell gold , silver , leather and furs at reasonable prices .
with winding street hidden behind massive stone walls , the old town is a must to visit , particularly in the cool of evening when the traders in the street markets [show] their wares and the old shops open after the afternoon siesta to sell gold , silver , leather and furs at reasonable prices .

Renowned for its hot climate and exciting , spicy cuisine , Mexico is well-loved for its bright folklore and its lively street markets where local artisans display handwoven textiles , painted ceramics , unusual jewellery and leather goods .
renowned for its hot climate and exciting , spicy cuisine , mexico is well-loved for its bright folklore and its lively street markets where local artisans [show] handwoven textiles , painted ceramics , unusual jewellery and leather goods .

Selection for senior posts is therefore more important than training ; if people who display the appropriate qualities are placed in the correct context then they will flourish .
selection for senior posts is therefore more important than training ; if people who [show] the appropriate qualities are placed in the correct context then they will flourish .

Surface-water gleys display strongly gleyed sub-surface horizons , the intensity of gleying decreasing with depth .
surface-water gleys [show] strongly gleyed sub-surface horizons , the intensity of gleying decreasing with depth .

After Tom Luker 's death in 1977 his family gave the Club his putter which is now mounted as a trophy on display in the Club .
after tom luker 's death in 1977 his family gave the club his putter which is now mounted as a trophy on [show] in the club .

in competitive encounters with male rivals and also make use of their courtship display characteristics in the presence of females in order the attract them .
in competitive encounters with male rivals and also make use of their courtship [show] characteristics in the presence of females in order the attract them .

The female is attracted there by a colourful advertisement display given on the nest itself .
the female is attracted there by a colourful advertisement [show] given on the nest itself .

In the gannet there is strong competition for sites with much aggression , little aerial display , and a great deal of mutual social stimulation .
in the gannet there is strong competition for sites with much aggression , little aerial [show] , and a great deal of mutual social stimulation .

Body size , mating systems , nomadism , and dietary composition as well as other minor features all vary and correlate with numerous details of display and behaviour .
body size , mating systems , nomadism , and dietary composition as well as other minor features all vary and correlate with numerous details of [show] and behaviour .

The nests are intricate structures beautifully woven by the male birds , who then display on them to attract females to the nest .
the nests are intricate structures beautifully woven by the male birds , who then [show] on them to attract females to the nest .

The male ruff is a long-legged wading bird whose head and neck feathers are specially developed for use in a jumping display on a lek display ground .
the male ruff is a long-legged wading bird whose head and neck feathers are specially developed for use in a jumping [show] on a lek [show] ground .

‘ Resident ’ males display on their leks and are attended by ‘ satellite ’ males .
‘ resident ’ males [show] on their leks and are attended by ‘ satellite ’ males .

Some 30 per cent of ruff matings are owing to satellites , and selection has yielded a stable dimorphism of the two forms of male structure and display .
some 30 per cent of ruff matings are owing to satellites , and selection has yielded a stable dimorphism of the two forms of male structure and [show] .

His alarm call causes the females to slink off undetected while he may produce a diversionary display to confuse a predator or male rivals .
his alarm call causes the females to slink off undetected while he may produce a diversionary [show] to confuse a predator or male rivals .

Certainly much touching of the penises , penile erection , and display occur between young male geladas and the behaviour is commonly used in greeting behaviour .
certainly much touching of the penises , penile erection , and [show] occur between young male geladas and the behaviour is commonly used in greeting behaviour .

For the Christian , it is natural that God should become a person at the Incarnation rather than a dog or a stone , not necessarily because persons are somehow more technically advanced on a scale of being , but because they display the qualities that are most to be valued .
for the christian , it is natural that god should become a person at the incarnation rather than a dog or a stone , not necessarily because persons are somehow more technically advanced on a scale of being , but because they [show] the qualities that are most to be valued .

We talk of shaking with anger , trembling with fear , glowing with satisfaction — and these expressions are usually to be taken literally ; we do , in fact , display our emotions in such ways .
we talk of shaking with anger , trembling with fear , glowing with satisfaction — and these expressions are usually to be taken literally ; we do , in fact , [show] our emotions in such ways .

The child within can display either positive or negative characteristics — or , more usually , a mixture of the two .
the child within can [show] either positive or negative characteristics — or , more usually , a mixture of the two .

Those places that provide quality standards significantly higher than those required for a simple classification will be able to display the terms Approved , Commended or Highly Commended .
those places that provide quality standards significantly higher than those required for a simple classification will be able to [show] the terms approved , commended or highly commended .

It was the first time that such an offer had ever been made ; initially , he was loath to put his sketches on public display — but he was also flattered .
it was the first time that such an offer had ever been made ; initially , he was loath to put his sketches on public [show] — but he was also flattered .

Undeterred , Simpson went on to produce an ‘ alternative ’ scheme , which , thanks to the Prince 's involvement in bringing the whole issue into the open , went on public display alongside models of all the official proposals in the crypt of St Paul 's Cathedral .
undeterred , simpson went on to produce an ‘ alternative ’ scheme , which , thanks to the prince 's involvement in bringing the whole issue into the open , went on public [show] alongside models of all the official proposals in the crypt of st paul 's cathedral .

And so a thrilling , virtuoso display of the art was the first spectacle the Prince and Princess of Wales saw when they stepped ashore here last night to be greeted by a modest but affectionate crowd of 4,000 .
and so a thrilling , virtuoso [show] of the art was the first spectacle the prince and princess of wales saw when they stepped ashore here last night to be greeted by a modest but affectionate crowd of 4,000 .

‘ We have something to prove , ’ said Bob Palmer , director of Britain 's longest artistic extravaganza , a £60 million year-long Glaswegian spectacle of music , opera , dance , street parties and the world 's biggest fireworks display .
‘ we have something to prove , ’ said bob palmer , director of britain 's longest artistic extravaganza , a £60 million year-long glaswegian spectacle of music , opera , dance , street parties and the world 's biggest fireworks [show] .

‘ Overwintered dormant pelargoniums ( geraniums ) will be ready to break into new growth and need attention now if they are to develop into sturdy , compact plants for summer display on the balcony or patio .
‘ overwintered dormant pelargoniums ( geraniums ) will be ready to break into new growth and need attention now if they are to develop into sturdy , compact plants for summer [show] on the balcony or patio .

Main picture The drawing-room table is an 18th-century Chinese opium table , now used to display a 17th-century Delft vase .
main picture the drawing-room table is an 18th-century chinese opium table , now used to [show] a 17th-century delft vase .

The first , albeit tenative , steps towards forming a new Pacific-based economic union display an astute awareness of the way events are moving within Europe : movements with which Number 10 has yet to come to grips .
the first , albeit tenative , steps towards forming a new pacific-based economic union [show] an astute awareness of the way events are moving within europe : movements with which number 10 has yet to come to grips .

It is not only the environment but also the animals and plants that inhabit it that display rhythms .
it is not only the environment but also the animals and plants that inhabit it that [show] rhythms .

In spite of all these difficulties , results have shown that the different types of performance measured by these tests display characteristic rhythms .
in spite of all these difficulties , results have shown that the different types of performance measured by these tests [show] characteristic rhythms .

More importantly , the display highlights any system or area experiencing abnormal conditions , whether plant malfunction or unacceptable ambience levels .
more importantly , the [show] highlights any system or area experiencing abnormal conditions , whether plant malfunction or unacceptable ambience levels .

The vane is sometimes called the ‘ finger ’ or ‘ flyboard ’ and it gave farmers an opportunity to display their individuality .
the vane is sometimes called the ‘ finger ’ or ‘ flyboard ’ and it gave farmers an opportunity to [show] their individuality .

As the majority of the mill machinery remained — waterwheel , axle , pit wheel , ‘ wallower ’ , power shaft and millstones — and these components were chiefly situated in the lowest storey , Michael Manser decided to retain most of these items in a ‘ set piece ’ display , reminding visitors of the mill 's former function , and visible from the generous entrance hall of the house through a glass door ( Fig 56 ) .
as the majority of the mill machinery remained — waterwheel , axle , pit wheel , ‘ wallower ’ , power shaft and millstones — and these components were chiefly situated in the lowest storey , michael manser decided to retain most of these items in a ‘ set piece ’ [show] , reminding visitors of the mill 's former function , and visible from the generous entrance hall of the house through a glass door ( fig 56 ) .

An integral part of deterrent operations , the parade and display were part of an open day for the public , designed to show the Danes who and what had flown into their country to exercise for two weeks .
an integral part of deterrent operations , the parade and [show] were part of an open day for the public , designed to show the danes who and what had flown into their country to exercise for two weeks .

If it is difficult now to concur with the Bioscope reviewer 's judgement that the film ‘ surpasses in technical achievement anything of its kind ever made in Britain , and at times soars to heights of directorial brilliance ’ , it 's still possible to understand how an audience that had been accustomed only to silent films might warm to the various acts on display .
if it is difficult now to concur with the bioscope reviewer 's judgement that the film ‘ surpasses in technical achievement anything of its kind ever made in britain , and at times soars to heights of directorial brilliance ’ , it 's still possible to understand how an audience that had been accustomed only to silent films might warm to the various acts on [show] .

Moreover , now that she had achieved the heart 's desire for which she had turned on her shameless , neurotic display , she had become dejected , and walked along meekly , head and tail hanging .
moreover , now that she had achieved the heart 's desire for which she had turned on her shameless , neurotic [show] , she had become dejected , and walked along meekly , head and tail hanging .

In the display window of Joy Jewels the sun set the rhinestone ropes and little gilt collarets ablaze , and the plane tree leaves shadowed the pavements in damask tablecloth patterns .
in the [show] window of joy jewels the sun set the rhinestone ropes and little gilt collarets ablaze , and the plane tree leaves shadowed the pavements in damask tablecloth patterns .

From Tabard Road a woman wheeling a pram had emerged in Kingsmarkham High Street And stopped outside a plate-glass display window of the Southern Electricity Board .
from tabard road a woman wheeling a pram had emerged in kingsmarkham high street and stopped outside a plate-glass [show] window of the southern electricity board .

As yet it was only eight o'clock and the sun reluctant to leave without treating its worshippers to a pyrotechnic display of rose and gold flames that burnt up the whole western sky .
as yet it was only eight o'clock and the sun reluctant to leave without treating its worshippers to a pyrotechnic [show] of rose and gold flames that burnt up the whole western sky .

He liked the forked lightning better than the zig-zag kind and now he was gratified by a second many-branched display that seemed to spring and grow from the river itself , blossoming in the sky above the Kingsbrook meadows .
he liked the forked lightning better than the zig-zag kind and now he was gratified by a second many-branched [show] that seemed to spring and grow from the river itself , blossoming in the sky above the kingsbrook meadows .

Some 84 organisations took part ( our thanks to Stephanie O'Keefe for doing our display ) and about £900 was raised for Christian Aid , as compared to £661 last year .
some 84 organisations took part ( our thanks to stephanie o'keefe for doing our [show] ) and about £900 was raised for christian aid , as compared to £661 last year .

It has been suggested that we might put our prayer list on the Overseas Board in church instead of the monthly missionary society 's display , or as well .
it has been suggested that we might put our prayer list on the overseas board in church instead of the monthly missionary society 's [show] , or as well .

Her magnificent antique collection , which includes a 110-year-old Black Forest Clock , is very popular with other dedicated clockwatchers , and has even been put on display at Gloucester Museum .
her magnificent antique collection , which includes a 110-year-old black forest clock , is very popular with other dedicated clockwatchers , and has even been put on [show] at gloucester museum .

Planning a display does n't mean sticking rigidly to a formal design .
planning a [show] does n't mean sticking rigidly to a formal design .

Small containers are best for small flowers , but are also a good way to display blooms with short or broken stems .
small containers are best for small flowers , but are also a good way to [show] blooms with short or broken stems .

Something as simple as a mug can turn a handful of pansies into a vivid display . Here it picks out the teaset design
something as simple as a mug can turn a handful of pansies into a vivid [show] . here it picks out the teaset design

When you plan a display , include scented flowers , either shop-bought or home-grown , so that your arrangement smells as good as it looks .
when you plan a [show] , include scented flowers , either shop-bought or home-grown , so that your arrangement smells as good as it looks .

To make the most of fragrant flowers such as these sweetly scented golden and white freesias and white lilies , display them by massing the flowers closely together in side-by-side containers . Position the vases in front of an open window so that the breeze wafts the scent into the room
to make the most of fragrant flowers such as these sweetly scented golden and white freesias and white lilies , [show] them by massing the flowers closely together in side-by-side containers . position the vases in front of an open window so that the breeze wafts the scent into the room

Create this stylish , colourful display in three simple steps
create this stylish , colourful [show] in three simple steps

This large display ( right ) in a cool , fresh , green and white colour scheme , provides a central focal point for the table , but it is not so large that it obscures the guests ' view .
this large [show] ( right ) in a cool , fresh , green and white colour scheme , provides a central focal point for the table , but it is not so large that it obscures the guests ' view .

Tiny baskets of cherries are tucked away in the display , an idea popular in Victorian times .
tiny baskets of cherries are tucked away in the [show] , an idea popular in victorian times .

This eye-catching display contains tiny baskets of fruit . Omit the baskets on one side for a buffet table if it is set against the wall
this eye-catching [show] contains tiny baskets of fruit . omit the baskets on one side for a buffet table if it is set against the wall

For an informal dinner party , do n't hide your guests from one another with a giant display but rather use a series of small containers grouped to suit your table shape .
for an informal dinner party , do n't hide your guests from one another with a giant [show] but rather use a series of small containers grouped to suit your table shape .

This type of display is foolproof and takes only minutes to arrange .
this type of [show] is foolproof and takes only minutes to arrange .

Wine glasses , tumblers and individual soufflé dishes are ideal containers and contents can be chosen from single giant blooms , a miniature flower and foliage display , candles and small fruits and nuts .
wine glasses , tumblers and individual soufflé dishes are ideal containers and contents can be chosen from single giant blooms , a miniature flower and foliage [show] , candles and small fruits and nuts .

Choose a scheme that will tone in with your tablecloth and china or pick out one small colour detail and highlight it with your floral display .
choose a scheme that will tone in with your tablecloth and china or pick out one small colour detail and highlight it with your floral [show] .

Including scented flowers in the display adds a special touch .
including scented flowers in the [show] adds a special touch .

For a more permanent display use dried flowers .
for a more permanent [show] use dried flowers .

At one site , where there is a particularly brilliant display , the soil is pH8 , quite determinedly on the alkaline side of neutral ( pH7 ) .
at one site , where there is a particularly brilliant [show] , the soil is ph8 , quite determinedly on the alkaline side of neutral ( ph7 ) .

Gales in September can tear off leaves before the display begins .
gales in september can tear off leaves before the [show] begins .

Full sun is likely to shrivel the leaves and it is this , rather than the soil , that will spoil autumn display .
full sun is likely to shrivel the leaves and it is this , rather than the soil , that will spoil autumn [show] .

Both thorns are tolerant of pollution and are tough enough to grow in open , exposed seaside sites regularly raked over by salt-laden winds , although these of course will do nothing for the autumn display .
both thorns are tolerant of pollution and are tough enough to grow in open , exposed seaside sites regularly raked over by salt-laden winds , although these of course will do nothing for the autumn [show] .

There are quite a few other fish too ; in fact , there are enough different species to make a show that would rival the daily display at Harrods .
there are quite a few other fish too ; in fact , there are enough different species to make a show that would rival the daily [show] at harrods .

Sometimes they are told to demonstrate what new recruits ( and the field-worker ) can expect ; on other occasions they are told to illustrate the funny or the tragic sides of policing ; or are used as a vehicle for the story-teller to display some features about him or herself , such as his or her experience and skill and ability in handling all things , and that he or she is professional in being able to talk about horror in a cold and detached manner .
sometimes they are told to demonstrate what new recruits ( and the field-worker ) can expect ; on other occasions they are told to illustrate the funny or the tragic sides of policing ; or are used as a vehicle for the story-teller to [show] some features about him or herself , such as his or her experience and skill and ability in handling all things , and that he or she is professional in being able to talk about horror in a cold and detached manner .

This is work they are able to do little about , despite public faith , and it is unpopular because of a reluctance or inability to display that little will be done .
this is work they are able to do little about , despite public faith , and it is unpopular because of a reluctance or inability to [show] that little will be done .

It is not just that dealing with Old Age Pensioners who have reported missing budgies falls outside the definition of what counts as ‘ real ’ police work , the work is also disliked because it is problematic , for policemen need to display competence in the way they convey sympathy while admitting that nothing will be done .
it is not just that dealing with old age pensioners who have reported missing budgies falls outside the definition of what counts as ‘ real ’ police work , the work is also disliked because it is problematic , for policemen need to [show] competence in the way they convey sympathy while admitting that nothing will be done .

The field-worker was a captive audience to whom members of the force could display their competence when riding around Easton in a police vehicle , and conversations were punctuated by policemen pointing out significant sites and personnel .
the field-worker was a captive audience to whom members of the force could [show] their competence when riding around easton in a police vehicle , and conversations were punctuated by policemen pointing out significant sites and personnel .

But there also appears to be what Phillipson , drawing on Cicourel , would call ‘ basic interpretative rules ’ ( Phillipson 1972 : 148 ) , which the police employ when making practical decisions of this sort : the reasonableness of the offender 's excuse ( Ericson 1982 : 147 ) , and whether or not offenders display deference ( Black 1970 : 1101 ; Dix and Layzell 1983 : 73 ; Sykes and Clark 1975 ) .
but there also appears to be what phillipson , drawing on cicourel , would call ‘ basic interpretative rules ’ ( phillipson 1972 : 148 ) , which the police employ when making practical decisions of this sort : the reasonableness of the offender 's excuse ( ericson 1982 : 147 ) , and whether or not offenders [show] deference ( black 1970 : 1101 ; dix and layzell 1983 : 73 ; sykes and clark 1975 ) .

The constables were keen to display to the field-worker that they knew the appropriate law to apply and that the law gave formal justification to their decisions , but there were a variety of other factors which facilitated this sensitive interpretation of the law .
the constables were keen to [show] to the field-worker that they knew the appropriate law to apply and that the law gave formal justification to their decisions , but there were a variety of other factors which facilitated this sensitive interpretation of the law .

As the constable quoted above makes clear , it is not that all neighbourhood policemen defuse every situation by the display of patience , sympathy , tolerance , and understanding , it is more that this is their first choice and they use other recipes , by becoming ‘ heavy-handed ’ and resorting to arrests , only when this one fails .
as the constable quoted above makes clear , it is not that all neighbourhood policemen defuse every situation by the [show] of patience , sympathy , tolerance , and understanding , it is more that this is their first choice and they use other recipes , by becoming ‘ heavy-handed ’ and resorting to arrests , only when this one fails .

The Conservative Conference : Faithful display common purpose
the conservative conference : faithful [show] common purpose

Some of the magnificent treasure from the ship is now on display in the Ulster Museum in Belfast .
some of the magnificent treasure from the ship is now on [show] in the ulster museum in belfast .

Some of Britain 's 35,000 newsagents are asking for payments , called retail display allowances , to give magazines special treatment .
some of britain 's 35,000 newsagents are asking for payments , called retail [show] allowances , to give magazines special treatment .

If we went along with retail display allowances only the richest publishers would benefit , ’ he said .
if we went along with retail [show] allowances only the richest publishers would benefit , ’ he said .

Many of the designs on display are specifically for offices .
many of the designs on [show] are specifically for offices .

On-site tasting of foodstuffs is also forbidden , hence an ingenious , John Waters-esque display called Smellerama .
on-site tasting of foodstuffs is also forbidden , hence an ingenious , john waters-esque [show] called smellerama .

The display on consumption utilises the age-old trick of piling up an adult 's average monthly intake of food ( enormous amounts of chocolate ) and invites the visitor to burn off excess calories on an ‘ Energy Bike ’ ( it does , of course , take a depressingly long time to nullify the effect of just one grape ) .
the [show] on consumption utilises the age-old trick of piling up an adult 's average monthly intake of food ( enormous amounts of chocolate ) and invites the visitor to burn off excess calories on an ‘ energy bike ’ ( it does , of course , take a depressingly long time to nullify the effect of just one grape ) .

Also Eskimo carvings , a display of scrimshaw , glaciological information on the Poles and Antarctic ornithology .
also eskimo carvings , a [show] of scrimshaw , glaciological information on the poles and antarctic ornithology .

Rob Andrew has , as he himself admits , only recently begun to display his Wasps form for England — and this after 26 caps , an English record in the stand-off half position .
rob andrew has , as he himself admits , only recently begun to [show] his wasps form for england — and this after 26 caps , an english record in the stand-off half position .

The critic writing in a newspaper with very limited space needs such a label to give the reader a general idea of what is on display .
the critic writing in a newspaper with very limited space needs such a label to give the reader a general idea of what is on [show] .

Articles on exhibitions sometimes glide away into topics which have little to do with the art on display .
articles on exhibitions sometimes glide away into topics which have little to do with the art on [show] .

The focus of the design was the decorative bar and its back display area , whose strong lighting made it the centrepiece of the pub .
the focus of the design was the decorative bar and its back [show] area , whose strong lighting made it the centrepiece of the pub .

This concept has , however , been ruined by the introduction of a bar overhang with secondary lighting which obscure views of the back-bar display .
this concept has , however , been ruined by the introduction of a bar overhang with secondary lighting which obscure views of the back-bar [show] .

These simple but extremely robust observations concern children 's knowledge that although a substance or display is changed perceptually — in other words , that the appearance of an object may change — properties such as length , area , volume , weight , number do not change .
these simple but extremely robust observations concern children 's knowledge that although a substance or [show] is changed perceptually — in other words , that the appearance of an object may change — properties such as length , area , volume , weight , number do not change .

The problem is that it is highly improbable that a group of patients with brain injury constitute a natural kind , even when they display similar symptoms on some test or other .
the problem is that it is highly improbable that a group of patients with brain injury constitute a natural kind , even when they [show] similar symptoms on some test or other .

What you have are groups of people who display superficially similar symptoms for a variety of different reasons .
what you have are groups of people who [show] superficially similar symptoms for a variety of different reasons .

Planting by numbers Our easy to follow , illustrated guide shows you how to create a lively border of perennials for a welcome display of late summer colour .
planting by numbers our easy to follow , illustrated guide shows you how to create a lively border of perennials for a welcome [show] of late summer colour .

Bearing in mind that it takes approximately 12 weeks from planting to flowering , it is possible to grow bulbs of many species and varieties to flower at the same time for a spectacular display , and also plant for a succession of flowers if potting up is carefully timed .
bearing in mind that it takes approximately 12 weeks from planting to flowering , it is possible to grow bulbs of many species and varieties to flower at the same time for a spectacular [show] , and also plant for a succession of flowers if potting up is carefully timed .

Large blue daisies make a wonderful display through late summer and autumn .
large blue daisies make a wonderful [show] through late summer and autumn .

Little wonders Bulbs bring welcome colour to the New Year , says Anne Swithinbank , and even the smallest garden can house a stunning display of miniature varieties The main bulb planting season is upon us once again .
little wonders bulbs bring welcome colour to the new year , says anne swithinbank , and even the smallest garden can house a stunning [show] of miniature varieties the main bulb planting season is upon us once again .

Gently wipe down shiny-leaved plants such as philodendrons The elegant , elongated purple leaves of Setcreasea purpurea make a good display New Guinea impatiens , a striking combination of burnished foliage and rosy blooms
gently wipe down shiny-leaved plants such as philodendrons the elegant , elongated purple leaves of setcreasea purpurea make a good [show] new guinea impatiens , a striking combination of burnished foliage and rosy blooms

Creating a border to see out the summer By following our guidelines and shopping list , you can create a border like this one , ending the season with a cracking display of firework colours This month 's plan is for a wide , rectangular border which receives lots of sunshine every day .
creating a border to see out the summer by following our guidelines and shopping list , you can create a border like this one , ending the season with a cracking [show] of firework colours this month 's plan is for a wide , rectangular border which receives lots of sunshine every day .

He turned and looked at the display of cakes on the long table .
he turned and looked at the [show] of cakes on the long table .

Agreeing that the cakes should be protected , Mr Pinkney had set up a sort of crêpe paper barrier along the front of the display .
agreeing that the cakes should be protected , mr pinkney had set up a sort of crêpe paper barrier along the front of the [show] .

Yukki Yaura 's display of traditional Japanese ink drawings encompass traditional subjects such as landscapers , figure painting , flowers and birds .
yukki yaura 's [show] of traditional japanese ink drawings encompass traditional subjects such as landscapers , figure painting , flowers and birds .

The only equipment you need is a watch or a clock with a second hand or second display .
the only equipment you need is a watch or a clock with a second hand or second [show] .

Photographs of the squad taken in the early 1970s still evoke surprise in police circles , simply because they display such strong imagery of an unacceptable style , and at the time were made much of in the media , who saw the newsworthy potential of policemen in a disorderly form .
photographs of the squad taken in the early 1970s still evoke surprise in police circles , simply because they [show] such strong imagery of an unacceptable style , and at the time were made much of in the media , who saw the newsworthy potential of policemen in a disorderly form .

Then there is the woman question , which arises in the novel in a fashion which sets us wondering , as in the past and as in the case of the above encounter , which parts of the bad behaviour on display Amis quite or largely likes .
then there is the woman question , which arises in the novel in a fashion which sets us wondering , as in the past and as in the case of the above encounter , which parts of the bad behaviour on [show] amis quite or largely likes .

But we may feel on reading this that it takes two to perform — that performance requires , in however regressive or circular a fashion , the self that so many people believe they have , and that this epistolary Zuckerman exhibits here , in a display of inadvertence which may or may not implicate Philip Roth .
but we may feel on reading this that it takes two to perform — that performance requires , in however regressive or circular a fashion , the self that so many people believe they have , and that this epistolary zuckerman exhibits here , in a [show] of inadvertence which may or may not implicate philip roth .

He will be available for advice and tips about production turning , and will have his selection of home-made tools on display , and is use .
he will be available for advice and tips about production turning , and will have his selection of home-made tools on [show] , and is use .

The full range of carving tools on display at The Woodworks
the full range of carving tools on [show] at the woodworks

They parked in a ‘ Pay and Display ’ .
they parked in a ‘ pay and [show] ’ .

Then prominently display a ‘ coded cycle ’ sticker — it might make a thief think again .
then prominently [show] a ‘ coded cycle ’ sticker — it might make a thief think again .

It offered all the excitement of an adventure with ‘ yer mates ’ , the chance to display fanatical loyalty to your club , to prove your hardness and win the admiration of your friends .
it offered all the excitement of an adventure with ‘ yer mates ’ , the chance to [show] fanatical loyalty to your club , to prove your hardness and win the admiration of your friends .

Braces were used for display , most jeans or trousers being self-supporting .
braces were used for [show] , most jeans or trousers being self-supporting .

At the start of your diving day , just press the face button once and watch the bar graph around the perimeter of the display countdown while the DataMax Sport zeroes itself to your current altitude , checks all internal functions and battery power .
at the start of your diving day , just press the face button once and watch the bar graph around the perimeter of the [show] countdown while the datamax sport zeroes itself to your current altitude , checks all internal functions and battery power .

This bottom time display remains on for three seconds , then reverts to normal dive display for 10 seconds , and so the sequence continues .
this bottom time [show] remains on for three seconds , then reverts to normal dive [show] for 10 seconds , and so the sequence continues .

Once you have become mentally adjusted to the countdown display it becomes very logical and you will wonder why they do n't all work this way !
once you have become mentally adjusted to the countdown [show] it becomes very logical and you will wonder why they do n't all work this way !

Had we stayed longer at that depth , necessitating a stop , it would have been shown on the bar graph ( deco stop ceiling ) and the main display for the duration of that stop .
had we stayed longer at that depth , necessitating a stop , it would have been shown on the bar graph ( deco stop ceiling ) and the main [show] for the duration of that stop .

Pre-dive planning , ascent rate warning , logbook display and a choice of wrist or console mountings , are just a few of the many features offered by Oceanic .
pre-dive planning , ascent rate warning , logbook [show] and a choice of wrist or console mountings , are just a few of the many features offered by oceanic .

Before diving , you can display information from a menu — in alphanumerics rather than symbols or graphics — by bridging a pair of metal contacts with moist fingers .
before diving , you can [show] information from a menu — in alphanumerics rather than symbols or graphics — by bridging a pair of metal contacts with moist fingers .

In expert mode , the display toggles from the novice screen to a peripheral screen which shows dive time and air time in large digits , and current depth , no-stop time , maximum depth and temperature .
in expert mode , the [show] toggles from the novice screen to a peripheral screen which shows dive time and air time in large digits , and current depth , no-stop time , maximum depth and temperature .

If the remaining air time is less than the no-stop time required , the cylinder content display flashes air time .
if the remaining air time is less than the no-stop time required , the cylinder content [show] flashes air time .

It also makes possible a variety of display options .
it also makes possible a variety of [show] options .

After a short audible beep the start up display elements turn on .
after a short audible beep the start up [show] elements turn on .

This is followed by the ready display , confirming that the Solution is ready to dive , which alternates approximately every 30 seconds with the dive planning display .
this is followed by the ready [show] , confirming that the solution is ready to dive , which alternates approximately every 30 seconds with the dive planning [show] .

Decompression times are scrolled through on the display for repetitive dive planning .
decompression times are scrolled through on the [show] for repetitive dive planning .

Another function of the Solution , is the ability to display dive profiles for the previous eight hours diving and for dive simulation .
another function of the solution , is the ability to [show] dive profiles for the previous eight hours diving and for dive simulation .

Backed with ‘ Handsome Devil ’ , it proved the perfect artifact to display the succinct yet overall perception of just what this strange new band was all about .
backed with ‘ handsome devil ’ , it proved the perfect artifact to [show] the succinct yet overall perception of just what this strange new band was all about .

The national dailies loved this and immediately jumped on Morrissey 's back in a typical display of hounding .
the national dailies loved this and immediately jumped on morrissey 's back in a typical [show] of hounding .

The irony was that The Smiths were objecting to an article which suggested that they had become governed by power and finance with an action that was itself a display of power and finance .
the irony was that the smiths were objecting to an article which suggested that they had become governed by power and finance with an action that was itself a [show] of power and finance .

The Polar Pacer 's large face display is worn on the wrist like a watch .
the polar pacer 's large face [show] is worn on the wrist like a watch .

Crack shots on both sides would display their deadly virtuosity by firing , not at enemy soldiers , but at inanimate targets close to the enemy soldiers , a technique also used in Western films ( like shooting out candle flames ) .
crack shots on both sides would [show] their deadly virtuosity by firing , not at enemy soldiers , but at inanimate targets close to the enemy soldiers , a technique also used in western films ( like shooting out candle flames ) .

This doorway also had a display of flowers arranged behind glass .
this doorway also had a [show] of flowers arranged behind glass .

The trap of performing types is to display their efficiency by constantly seizing the initiative .
the trap of performing types is to [show] their efficiency by constantly seizing the initiative .

This does not mean that we all display the same feelings about God or become the same temperamental type .
this does not mean that we all [show] the same feelings about god or become the same temperamental type .

The bronzes were later set up in the Porticus Metelli , the first secular building in Rome specifically intended for the display of booty .
the bronzes were later set up in the porticus metelli , the first secular building in rome specifically intended for the [show] of booty .

Until well into the reign of Augustus the display of Greek art in Rome was more closely linked to political advancement and military might than to religious belief and aesthetic appreciation .
until well into the reign of augustus the [show] of greek art in rome was more closely linked to political advancement and military might than to religious belief and aesthetic appreciation .

It is very characteristic of the Romans that they chose to display in public parades those objects considered particularly suited to the context in which they were won — gods and heroes were explicitly linked to the glory of battle .
it is very characteristic of the romans that they chose to [show] in public parades those objects considered particularly suited to the context in which they were won — gods and heroes were explicitly linked to the glory of battle .

There were currents of opinion at Rome , represented by the Elder Cato and , much later , by Augustus ' lieutenant , Marcus Agrippa , that favoured the restriction of the display of booty to public settings .
there were currents of opinion at rome , represented by the elder cato and , much later , by augustus ' lieutenant , marcus agrippa , that favoured the restriction of the [show] of booty to public settings .

In the later Republic and early Empire Greek artists were brought to Rome to design buildings appropriate for the display of booty , to repair old sculptures and make new ones for these and other structures , and to restore decaying old temples , once venerated for their wooden and terracotta statues , but now seen to be in need of renovation .
in the later republic and early empire greek artists were brought to rome to design buildings appropriate for the [show] of booty , to repair old sculptures and make new ones for these and other structures , and to restore decaying old temples , once venerated for their wooden and terracotta statues , but now seen to be in need of renovation .

Naturally , the public display of great works of art led to a demand for imitations for enjoyment by wealthy individuals .
naturally , the public [show] of great works of art led to a demand for imitations for enjoyment by wealthy individuals .

Standing in the Townley Room and looking through to the sculptures displayed next door ( Room 83 ) , most of which were intended for public display , one is well aware of the reduced scale and decorative qualities sought by the private collector who wined and dined amidst his collection .
standing in the townley room and looking through to the sculptures displayed next door ( room 83 ) , most of which were intended for public [show] , one is well aware of the reduced scale and decorative qualities sought by the private collector who wined and dined amidst his collection .

The extraordinary growth in public commissions , almost all destined for display in niches cut into the walls of huge buildings , increased the existing tendency to restrict viewpoints .
the extraordinary growth in public commissions , almost all destined for [show] in niches cut into the walls of huge buildings , increased the existing tendency to restrict viewpoints .

According to Mr Charles , my father did not display any obvious anger .
according to mr charles , my father did not [show] any obvious anger .

In this it is also possible to plan and display future cultivations and other operations .
in this it is also possible to plan and [show] future cultivations and other operations .

The railway station , in its incarnation as latter-day cathedral , castle , and caravanserai , was yet one more gigantic stage on which drama could daily unfold , casts of thousands could cavort , and modern technology could display its marvels and miracles .
the railway station , in its incarnation as latter-day cathedral , castle , and caravanserai , was yet one more gigantic stage on which drama could daily unfold , casts of thousands could cavort , and modern technology could [show] its marvels and miracles .

There is no question that well designed Italianate lent itself admirably to that display of powerful dignity which the railways were currently trying to achieve .
there is no question that well designed italianate lent itself admirably to that [show] of powerful dignity which the railways were currently trying to achieve .

The highly competitive conditions of American railroad building ensured that every company was determined to display its power , success , and prestige to its patrons .
the highly competitive conditions of american railroad building ensured that every company was determined to [show] its power , success , and prestige to its patrons .

Repton made the same point in his Sketches and Hints of 1794 : ‘ To improve the scenery of country and to display its native beauties with advantage is an art which originated in England .
repton made the same point in his sketches and hints of 1794 : ‘ to improve the scenery of country and to [show] its native beauties with advantage is an art which originated in england .

In fact , though the statue was exhibited as the property of the Marquess of Tavistock and the Bedford Estate Trustees , it had already been sold to a Cayman Island company , Fine Art Investment and Display Limited .
in fact , though the statue was exhibited as the property of the marquess of tavistock and the bedford estate trustees , it had already been sold to a cayman island company , fine art investment and [show] limited .

This announcement met with considerable antipathy from Fine Art Investment and Display , and it rapidly became clear that the company would be unlikely to sell to the Barclay brothers .
this announcement met with considerable antipathy from fine art investment and [show] , and it rapidly became clear that the company would be unlikely to sell to the barclay brothers .

Most activity seems to centre on the exhibition space , the Palais de Festival , where on six floors exhibitors display their goods .
most activity seems to centre on the exhibition space , the palais de festival , where on six floors exhibitors [show] their goods .

The three of them sat down and watched the fantastic firework display on the airfield that they had caused .
the three of them sat down and watched the fantastic firework [show] on the airfield that they had caused .

‘ Face-on ’ display is the method or arranging books so that the dust jacket is seen face-on as it would in bookshop display . Another librarian , a keen proselytiser of the new ways , said :
‘ face-on ’ [show] is the method or arranging books so that the dust jacket is seen face-on as it would in bookshop [show] . another librarian , a keen proselytiser of the new ways , said :

Librarians who think this way , and who dispose of books by the skipful because they do not look appealing enough for ‘ face-on ’ display , have the excuse that almost all publishers regard the dust-jacket as the main way of selling a book .
librarians who think this way , and who dispose of books by the skipful because they do not look appealing enough for ‘ face-on ’ [show] , have the excuse that almost all publishers regard the dust-jacket as the main way of selling a book .

As well as an excellent display , the Lynx has a much louder speaker and — in the tradition of the Atari 8-bits and Commodore Amiga — a powerful set of chips to help it with the animation needed for superior three-dimensional games .
as well as an excellent [show] , the lynx has a much louder speaker and — in the tradition of the atari 8-bits and commodore amiga — a powerful set of chips to help it with the animation needed for superior three-dimensional games .

Where many GameBoy cartridges are puzzle-orientated , due in part to the blurry display not being ideal for fast movement , the Lynx 's offer arcade excitement .
where many gameboy cartridges are puzzle-orientated , due in part to the blurry [show] not being ideal for fast movement , the lynx 's offer arcade excitement .

The Lynx has some other novel features , including a ‘ flip ’ button that turns the display upside down .
the lynx has some other novel features , including a ‘ flip ’ button that turns the [show] upside down .

Shops will have to clearly display signs warning customers that those paying by credit cards may have to pay more .
shops will have to clearly [show] signs warning customers that those paying by credit cards may have to pay more .

That small-scale community touring does n't have to look cheap or lack high-energy skills is evidenced by Theatr West Glamorgan , whose Vanessa is a marvellous display of ensemble performance , sparkling entertainment , political sophistication , sharp direction and smart comedy-even to a non-Welsh speaker .
that small-scale community touring does n't have to look cheap or lack high-energy skills is evidenced by theatr west glamorgan , whose vanessa is a marvellous [show] of ensemble performance , sparkling entertainment , political sophistication , sharp direction and smart comedy-even to a non-welsh speaker .

Unwisely , as it turns out , the credits display the real thing , which is at least a dozen times better than this carelessly silly concoction .
unwisely , as it turns out , the credits [show] the real thing , which is at least a dozen times better than this carelessly silly concoction .

The new exhibition of organic gardening , for example , would take visitors first through an electronic display which would simulate a magnified section of the sub-soil with its organisms and cycles .
the new exhibition of organic gardening , for example , would take visitors first through an electronic [show] which would simulate a magnified section of the sub-soil with its organisms and cycles .

Everywhere one looked there were unaccustomed trophies on display and , when the visiting Ryder Cup team arrived at The Belfry in the last few moments of the decade , they were greeted by the sight of the Ryder , Curtis and Walker Cups , knowing that the last name on them was not that of the United States of America .
everywhere one looked there were unaccustomed trophies on [show] and , when the visiting ryder cup team arrived at the belfry in the last few moments of the decade , they were greeted by the sight of the ryder , curtis and walker cups , knowing that the last name on them was not that of the united states of america .

The prints and drawings on display by Durer , Cranach , and others reveal the cruelty and revenge inflicted on both sides during the uprising , and in Muntzer 's execution in 1525 .
the prints and drawings on [show] by durer , cranach , and others reveal the cruelty and revenge inflicted on both sides during the uprising , and in muntzer 's execution in 1525 .

Two men entered the shop and insisted that the Ks display two posters .
two men entered the shop and insisted that the ks [show] two posters .

There was too much emphasis nowadays on show , on Rolls-Royces and big hotels , wasteful , expensive display .
there was too much emphasis nowadays on show , on rolls-royces and big hotels , wasteful , expensive [show] .

‘ Why in the name of the Saviour do you have to put your ignorance on full display , ’ he turned on her .
‘ why in the name of the saviour do you have to put your ignorance on full [show] , ’ he turned on her .

• Chrysler again wheeled out its ‘ two-cars-in-one ’ concept , the Plymouth Voyager , complete with its display , splitting and joining , splitting and joining .
• chrysler again wheeled out its ‘ two-cars-in-one ’ concept , the plymouth voyager , complete with its [show] , splitting and joining , splitting and joining .

The marriage of a son was a way of adding to a family 's wealth , and a woman 's role was to display this wealth through her clothes , manner and life style .
the marriage of a son was a way of adding to a family 's wealth , and a woman 's role was to [show] this wealth through her clothes , manner and life style .

Foyer display with live bat , London , 1960
foyer [show] with live bat , london , 1960

She crossed the dinosaur gallery , carefully averting her eyes from her own display , unlocked the solid door and arrived in the security and peace of her own office .
she crossed the dinosaur gallery , carefully averting her eyes from her own [show] , unlocked the solid door and arrived in the security and peace of her own office .

His later artistic inventions display the same fascination with the possibilities of getting inside the skin of another era .
his later artistic inventions [show] the same fascination with the possibilities of getting inside the skin of another era .

The sum was raised at a model aircraft flying display that was all but washed out through appalling weather .
the sum was raised at a model aircraft flying [show] that was all but washed out through appalling weather .

It is an excellent video that does much more than just show the superb display that the public expects from these professionals .
it is an excellent video that does much more than just show the superb [show] that the public expects from these professionals .

The Italian Air Force 's display team suffered a terrible accident in August 1988 while performing over the Ramstein Air Force base in West Germany .
the italian air force 's [show] team suffered a terrible accident in august 1988 while performing over the ramstein air force base in west germany .

This video shows a typical display and a part of the Ramstein performance , together with ‘ computer enhancement ’ of the accident .
this video shows a typical [show] and a part of the ramstein performance , together with ‘ computer enhancement ’ of the accident .

As a display of complete athleticism a great boxing match is a supreme sporting event , the purest expression of skill , strength , and courage .
as a [show] of complete athleticism a great boxing match is a supreme sporting event , the purest expression of skill , strength , and courage .

After the show had ended , the black Cizeta on display was off to the company 's first client in Singapore , who 'll be $ 630,000 lighter for the privilege of owning the world 's only V16-engined production car .
after the show had ended , the black cizeta on [show] was off to the company 's first client in singapore , who 'll be $ 630,000 lighter for the privilege of owning the world 's only v16-engined production car .

It was a brilliant display of this team 's ability to cope with the difficulties imposed by introducing a new chassis and engine .
it was a brilliant [show] of this team 's ability to cope with the difficulties imposed by introducing a new chassis and engine .

The photographs are required to form part of a static fashion show that will include a 10-set period dress display , comprising both photographs and mannequins .
the photographs are required to form part of a static fashion show that will include a 10-set period dress [show] , comprising both photographs and mannequins .

Display me … sets us at a painterly remove from decorously observed suffering and does little to prepare us for the replacement of the distant tangled hair of Ariadne by immediate presence of the directly primitive
[show] me … sets us at a painterly remove from decorously observed suffering and does little to prepare us for the replacement of the distant tangled hair of ariadne by immediate presence of the directly primitive

Display me …
[show] me …

In 1921 , The Waste Land clearly on his mind , Eliot complained that the anti-Georgian poets were ‘ mostly such as could imagine the Last Judgment only as a lavish display of Bengal lights , Roman candles , catherine-wheels , and inflammable fire-balloons . Vous , hypocrite lecteur … ’
in 1921 , the waste land clearly on his mind , eliot complained that the anti-georgian poets were ‘ mostly such as could imagine the last judgment only as a lavish [show] of bengal lights , roman candles , catherine-wheels , and inflammable fire-balloons . vous , hypocrite lecteur … ’

The reshuffle was a notable display of Prime Ministerial power but perhaps also of her frustration with the original appointments .
the reshuffle was a notable [show] of prime ministerial power but perhaps also of her frustration with the original appointments .

What was remarkable was the public display of her willingness to second-guess her most senior ministers , including the Home Secretary , on measures to combat football violence , the Chancellor on anti-inflation policy , and the Foreign Secretary on a wide range of issues .
what was remarkable was the public [show] of her willingness to second-guess her most senior ministers , including the home secretary , on measures to combat football violence , the chancellor on anti-inflation policy , and the foreign secretary on a wide range of issues .

Levine contends that these tracts , even as they confidently sermonize on the fixed nature of identity , especially gender identity as prescribed by God and signified through dress difference , display a deep anxiety that identity is not fixed ; that , underneath , the self is really nothing at all ( ‘ Men in Women 's Clothing ’ , 126 and 128 ) .
levine contends that these tracts , even as they confidently sermonize on the fixed nature of identity , especially gender identity as prescribed by god and signified through dress difference , [show] a deep anxiety that identity is not fixed ; that , underneath , the self is really nothing at all ( ‘ men in women 's clothing ’ , 126 and 128 ) .

He had , as it were , taken to heart Labour 's advice to constituency parties on the display of their leaflets and other electioneering wares : ‘ Use rose at the correct angle , and do not cut off stem . ’
he had , as it were , taken to heart labour 's advice to constituency parties on the [show] of their leaflets and other electioneering wares : ‘ use rose at the correct angle , and do not cut off stem . ’

That takes time to research , and space to display .
that takes time to research , and space to [show] .

Go first to the albeit small exhibition : in Prince Charles the backlash against modernism has an impassioned protagonist and the display leaves one in no doubt about his views .
go first to the albeit small exhibition : in prince charles the backlash against modernism has an impassioned protagonist and the [show] leaves one in no doubt about his views .

Complete renewal , while providing a stage for experts to display their knowledge would deflect this limited resource from the true maintenance of historic houses , which is clearly a more valuable outlet for their talents .
complete renewal , while providing a stage for experts to [show] their knowledge would deflect this limited resource from the true maintenance of historic houses , which is clearly a more valuable outlet for their talents .

It has been found that injected microorganisms are able to migrate in the subsurface , but these display relatively high levels of attenuation .
it has been found that injected microorganisms are able to migrate in the subsurface , but these [show] relatively high levels of attenuation .

Made public this became a display of petulance and obstinacy , from which Miller emerged the loser .
made public this became a [show] of petulance and obstinacy , from which miller emerged the loser .

’ He felt an almost overwhelming compassion for the souls of the lost , and he strongly resisted the temptation to provide a display of fine oratory for those who came in search of novelty or entertainment .
’ he felt an almost overwhelming compassion for the souls of the lost , and he strongly resisted the temptation to provide a [show] of fine oratory for those who came in search of novelty or entertainment .

She would need some encouragement from her husband and he would have to display some discipline , ( a ) to provide the information for preparation of the budgets , and ( b ) to accept the result of the exercise and implement any necessary restrictions in buying , etc .
she would need some encouragement from her husband and he would have to [show] some discipline , ( a ) to provide the information for preparation of the budgets , and ( b ) to accept the result of the exercise and implement any necessary restrictions in buying , etc .

The two girls paused , grimy and breathless , in the middle of the sick display .
the two girls paused , grimy and breathless , in the middle of the sick [show] .

The Congress 's disarray — radical democrats argue that it should be disbanded — has been on embarrassing display this week as deputies argued over what to call their state .
the congress 's disarray — radical democrats argue that it should be disbanded — has been on embarrassing [show] this week as deputies argued over what to call their state .

Under the proposed new laws only about three-quarters of the front of each packet of cigarettes will be available to display the brand name and other marketing information .
under the proposed new laws only about three-quarters of the front of each packet of cigarettes will be available to [show] the brand name and other marketing information .

There are also purist considerations : should the integrity of the original object be maintained , or may it be tampered with to display it to its best advantage ?
there are also purist considerations : should the integrity of the original object be maintained , or may it be tampered with to [show] it to its best advantage ?

On display from Cecil was the 3000 Series UV-visible scanning and routine spectrophotometers .
on [show] from cecil was the 3000 series uv-visible scanning and routine spectrophotometers .

Even ordinary back gardens are in demand to be put on public display , says Jane Bidder
even ordinary back gardens are in demand to be put on public [show] , says jane bidder

Jones , shoulders hunched against the numbing cold , contented himself with a quiet display .
jones , shoulders hunched against the numbing cold , contented himself with a quiet [show] .

This is also where neglected works of the Englishman Colin Wilson ( of Outsider fame ) are on display .
this is also where neglected works of the englishman colin wilson ( of outsider fame ) are on [show] .

Smoking chimneys display the wind 's strength and direction , whilst on the water the behaviour of other sailing craft can do like wise .
smoking chimneys [show] the wind 's strength and direction , whilst on the water the behaviour of other sailing craft can do like wise .

But it was a good window display .
but it was a good window [show] .

Much of what the girls had to say functioned as a display of their involvement as readers .
much of what the girls had to say functioned as a [show] of their involvement as readers .

In a clear display of leadership from the fringe yesterday , Michael Heseltine put forward his own radical strategy for industrial and social regeneration based on policies of sound money .
in a clear [show] of leadership from the fringe yesterday , michael heseltine put forward his own radical strategy for industrial and social regeneration based on policies of sound money .

It is dark magic , such as a hostile demon might well display .
it is dark magic , such as a hostile demon might well [show] .

It was the working class who wanted to use their money for flamboyant display .
it was the working class who wanted to use their money for flamboyant [show] .

He not only informed on fellow-members of the Communist Party in 1934–6 and requested a public session in which to do so ‘ because secrecy serves the Communist cause ’ ; he took a display advertisement in the New York Times to justify himself .
he not only informed on fellow-members of the communist party in 1934–6 and requested a public session in which to do so ‘ because secrecy serves the communist cause ’ ; he took a [show] advertisement in the new york times to justify himself .

If your dog has n't presented a problem for years , is getting old but still appears to be healthy , and starts to display antisocial behaviour — check it out with your vet before you start to punish him or her for what might be a cry for help .
if your dog has n't presented a problem for years , is getting old but still appears to be healthy , and starts to [show] antisocial behaviour — check it out with your vet before you start to punish him or her for what might be a cry for help .

Long after the profiteroles had been sauced , tables were moved deftly aside for a short but gripping , and sometimes funny , obedience display by one man , one woman and both their dogs before the breeds came out and strutted for their admirers .
long after the profiteroles had been sauced , tables were moved deftly aside for a short but gripping , and sometimes funny , obedience [show] by one man , one woman and both their dogs before the breeds came out and strutted for their admirers .

New herbaceous perennials planted now will put on plenty of root growth before winter , giving a better display next year .
new herbaceous perennials planted now will put on plenty of root growth before winter , giving a better [show] next year .

Herbaceous borders have already reached perfection , annuals at their best and many shrubs continue to provide a good display .
herbaceous borders have already reached perfection , annuals at their best and many shrubs continue to provide a good [show] .

There should be more space available mow to display ornamental plants
there should be more space available mow to [show] ornamental plants

‘ We know from our experience of gardens at Chelsea that we must stage an eye-catching display , yet in this garden we wanted to demonstrate lots of simple but pleasing design and feature ideas so that everyone would find something fascinating and achievable .
‘ we know from our experience of gardens at chelsea that we must stage an eye-catching [show] , yet in this garden we wanted to demonstrate lots of simple but pleasing design and feature ideas so that everyone would find something fascinating and achievable .

This month 's guide to easy planting is a small display of dwarf shrubs and perennial plants with interesting foliage and colourful flowers
this month 's guide to easy planting is a small [show] of dwarf shrubs and perennial plants with interesting foliage and colourful flowers

In spring it might be a cluster of brilliant tulips ; later on , splashes of annuals , or perhaps the fleeting but spectacular display of a tree in full blossom .
in spring it might be a cluster of brilliant tulips ; later on , splashes of annuals , or perhaps the fleeting but spectacular [show] of a tree in full blossom .

Now the search is on for the best container display in Britain .
now the search is on for the best container [show] in britain .

To enter , just take a colour photo of the container display you feel shows the most creative inspiration and skill .
to enter , just take a colour photo of the container [show] you feel shows the most creative inspiration and skill .

Divided into two groups : climbers , with stiff permanent stems bearing large flowers , singly or in small clusters , often repeat-flowering ; and ramblers producing a single display with small flowers bunches on long stems , renewed yearly .
divided into two groups : climbers , with stiff permanent stems bearing large flowers , singly or in small clusters , often repeat-flowering ; and ramblers producing a single [show] with small flowers bunches on long stems , renewed yearly .

The flowers , appearing in late summer , are long lasting and may be dried for indoor display .
the flowers , appearing in late summer , are long lasting and may be dried for indoor [show] .

In the first stable , off the bay , was an astonishing display of unrelated bric-a-brac .
in the first stable , off the bay , was an astonishing [show] of unrelated bric-a-brac .

In the sitting-room , polished and on display , Alice sat Mungo on one side of the fire , while she perched on the edge of an armchair opposite .
in the sitting-room , polished and on [show] , alice sat mungo on one side of the fire , while she perched on the edge of an armchair opposite .

Paul Dart , set designer for the Royal Opera House , created this shop display at Obsessions using revolving mobiles and disco lights .
paul dart , set designer for the royal opera house , created this shop [show] at obsessions using revolving mobiles and disco lights .

One Germany , one-off sale , one-way ticket : ( above ) souvenir sellers with a display of Red Army caps in East Berlin and ( left ) the partial withdrawal of Soviet troops
one germany , one-off sale , one-way ticket : ( above ) souvenir sellers with a [show] of red army caps in east berlin and ( left ) the partial withdrawal of soviet troops

One shop in Liverpool has discounted Adidas trainers in kids ' size two on display but not for sale .
one shop in liverpool has discounted adidas trainers in kids ' size two on [show] but not for sale .

This is where the boxing writers ' grumble : they want to see you flatten your opponent , not display your moves .
this is where the boxing writers ' grumble : they want to see you flatten your opponent , not [show] your moves .

In the large marquee which served as Company Office and Company Stores combined , a line of wretched riflemen in dripping ground sheets sat bare footed waiting to display a fine collection of blisters .
in the large marquee which served as company office and company stores combined , a line of wretched riflemen in dripping ground sheets sat bare footed waiting to [show] a fine collection of blisters .

’ Overdoing a successful method of defence , Charity nearly ruined everything by a palpable display of innocent formality .
’ overdoing a successful method of defence , charity nearly ruined everything by a palpable [show] of innocent formality .

Quite apart from the daytime work in the garden in the late months of the year , the pleasant chore of browsing through catalogues and choosing seeds for next year 's display is much enjoyed .
quite apart from the daytime work in the garden in the late months of the year , the pleasant chore of browsing through catalogues and choosing seeds for next year 's [show] is much enjoyed .

Connie Franks recommends the first week in June as being early enough for putting out the bedding plants . ‘ You ca n't get it into some people 's heads that earlier planting risks frost damage and does n't give an earlier display ! ’
connie franks recommends the first week in june as being early enough for putting out the bedding plants . ‘ you ca n't get it into some people 's heads that earlier planting risks frost damage and does n't give an earlier [show] ! ’

French marigolds find a place each year and gloriosa daisies make a splendid late display as well as being marvellous for cutting .
french marigolds find a place each year and gloriosa daisies make a splendid late [show] as well as being marvellous for cutting .

The spring display uses stronger colours — yellow alyssum , red and yellow tulips , blue grape hyacinths and purple aubrieta are always to the fore .
the spring [show] uses stronger colours — yellow alyssum , red and yellow tulips , blue grape hyacinths and purple aubrieta are always to the fore .

Dazzling tuberous begonias and pelargoniums form an exhilarating patio display
dazzling tuberous begonias and pelargoniums form an exhilarating patio [show]

Flowering in early summer , the Dutch iris must be one of the most inexpensive bulbs for a bold flower display .
flowering in early summer , the dutch iris must be one of the most inexpensive bulbs for a bold flower [show] .

Group potted plants carefully to create a massed display . Replace faded specimens with new to keep the display going
group potted plants carefully to create a massed [show] . replace faded specimens with new to keep the [show] going

To his surprise , she stopped when she reached Mark 's chair and took the vacant seat beside him , nodding casually in his direction and flashing a devastating smile as she carefully arranged herself on display .
to his surprise , she stopped when she reached mark 's chair and took the vacant seat beside him , nodding casually in his direction and flashing a devastating smile as she carefully arranged herself on [show] .

If we know the frame number corresponding to an object 's picture , we can display the picture , and that is that .
if we know the frame number corresponding to an object 's picture , we can [show] the picture , and that is that .

Software and hardware that allow us to display reconstructions of scenes in three dimensions are , as we have seen , already available , but are steadily increasing in sophistication and falling in price .
software and hardware that allow us to [show] reconstructions of scenes in three dimensions are , as we have seen , already available , but are steadily increasing in sophistication and falling in price .

One of the most significant collections of these models is at the Museo ‘ La Specola ’ , at the University of Florence , where life-size models created in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century are on display .
one of the most significant collections of these models is at the museo ‘ la specola ’ , at the university of florence , where life-size models created in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century are on [show] .

There is a generally accepted view that people ‘ going under ’ anaesthetic do display extremes of behaviour — but here it was viewed automatically as sexual , as if the expectations of the doctors did not allow for anything else .
there is a generally accepted view that people ‘ going under ’ anaesthetic do [show] extremes of behaviour — but here it was viewed automatically as sexual , as if the expectations of the doctors did not allow for anything else .

Galleries were used for display purposes also .
galleries were used for [show] purposes also .

She was much more likely to spin outside her door if she was in search of fresh air , but the available space may have been useful in drying yarn and cloth for display .
she was much more likely to spin outside her door if she was in search of fresh air , but the available space may have been useful in drying yarn and cloth for [show] .

There would have been little room to work or store on the gallery , but it could have been a convenient place to display finished work for the approval of the merchants riding round the countryside in search of stock , as the main road passes nearby and upon which the main flow of riders would have travelled .
there would have been little room to work or store on the gallery , but it could have been a convenient place to [show] finished work for the approval of the merchants riding round the countryside in search of stock , as the main road passes nearby and upon which the main flow of riders would have travelled .

There are many illustrations throughout which offer a visual display of the technique or design which the text is referring to .
there are many illustrations throughout which offer a visual [show] of the technique or design which the text is referring to .

Since the monks were thrown out of Prague in 1954 , the cloisters of the monastery have been given over to a display of Czech illuminated manuscripts , printing techniques and modern literature .
since the monks were thrown out of prague in 1954 , the cloisters of the monastery have been given over to a [show] of czech illuminated manuscripts , printing techniques and modern literature .

The gate lodge , built in 1906 in a neo-Romanesque style , has a moving display of drawings by children from Terezin concentration camp .
the gate lodge , built in 1906 in a neo-romanesque style , has a moving [show] of drawings by children from terezin concentration camp .

Nathalie Sarraute 's novels could be claimed to display autonomy and reflexivity , despite her preoccupation with such a mimetic project .
nathalie sarraute 's novels could be claimed to [show] autonomy and reflexivity , despite her preoccupation with such a mimetic project .

The narrating self not only sees , but wants to be seen to be seeing : the registration of detail , also praised by Calvino , and the reproduction of objects , gestures and expressions are conscripted into a form of obsessive and narcissistic display on the part of the observer .
the narrating self not only sees , but wants to be seen to be seeing : the registration of detail , also praised by calvino , and the reproduction of objects , gestures and expressions are conscripted into a form of obsessive and narcissistic [show] on the part of the observer .

The Rockette display system by Dick Stringer Associates
the rockette [show] system by dick stringer associates

it is significant that this first civil rights march , unaccompanied by any provocative display of weapons , banners or symbol was carried out without any breach of the peace .
it is significant that this first civil rights march , unaccompanied by any provocative [show] of weapons , banners or symbol was carried out without any breach of the peace .

’ He did not consider that he was misrepresenting his descent , since to acknowledge the family 's status would display vulgar class consciousness .
’ he did not consider that he was misrepresenting his descent , since to acknowledge the family 's status would [show] vulgar class consciousness .

From the balcony , she was pushed forwards to see an immense display of fireworks above the town below .
from the balcony , she was pushed forwards to see an immense [show] of fireworks above the town below .

Many more established figures were none too sure about it , probably because the exercises might involve the exposure of one 's private parts , the display of secret and personal habits and the use of expletive expressions in the passionate search for one 's inner self .
many more established figures were none too sure about it , probably because the exercises might involve the exposure of one 's private parts , the [show] of secret and personal habits and the use of expletive expressions in the passionate search for one 's inner self .

Every clansman was determined to outdo the Campbells in display , and looked to his finery .
every clansman was determined to outdo the campbells in [show] , and looked to his finery .

That person may hold ‘ citizenship ’ as a legal , national status , but does not display citizenship as a quality .
that person may hold ‘ citizenship ’ as a legal , national status , but does not [show] citizenship as a quality .

And she believed the whales would remain at Laspi Bay at least for the summer , and had not heard of the widely criticised plans to take them on a travelling display .
and she believed the whales would remain at laspi bay at least for the summer , and had not heard of the widely criticised plans to take them on a travelling [show] .

In an electrifying performance that revealed the depth of his personal frustration at the role he had previously been playing , a raw Welshness returned to his accent and a welcome freshness was injected into his rhetoric , underlined by an extraordinary display of physical gestures involving head , neck , shoulders , arms , hands and fingers .
in an electrifying performance that revealed the depth of his personal frustration at the role he had previously been playing , a raw welshness returned to his accent and a welcome freshness was injected into his rhetoric , underlined by an extraordinary [show] of physical gestures involving head , neck , shoulders , arms , hands and fingers .

Yachting : British trio give top-class display
yachting : british trio give top-class [show]

In the educational section is a display illustrating the history of gardens through six centuries .
in the educational section is a [show] illustrating the history of gardens through six centuries .

Five London dealers plus Harrods , which plans a display next week , carried off nearly half the lots while Vietnam government officials , the vendors , looked on from the balcony .
five london dealers plus harrods , which plans a [show] next week , carried off nearly half the lots while vietnam government officials , the vendors , looked on from the balcony .

The Market : Equities display a semi-detached air
the market : equities [show] a semi-detached air

It is recognised universally as a free invitation to any party , and as a postmodern display of pop art in its most popular and utilitarian form .
it is recognised universally as a free invitation to any party , and as a postmodern [show] of pop art in its most popular and utilitarian form .

Windowboxes and other containers often begin to run out of flower power towards the end of summer , but it is usually possible to give them a boost to sustain interest until it is time to plant them up for a spring display .
windowboxes and other containers often begin to run out of flower power towards the end of summer , but it is usually possible to give them a boost to sustain interest until it is time to plant them up for a spring [show] .

Feed and dead-head plants regularly for a long-lasting display
feed and dead-head plants regularly for a long-lasting [show]

Railfreight–liveried Class 37 ( coal sub–sector ) No 37235 The Coal Merchants Association of Scotland on display at the Coalville depot open day on 11 June 1989 .
railfreight–liveried class 37 ( coal sub–sector ) no 37235 the coal merchants association of scotland on [show] at the coalville depot open day on 11 june 1989 .

Unlike the Shildon display five years earlier , diesels and electrics were included .
unlike the shildon [show] five years earlier , diesels and electrics were included .

‘ We ’ , the provincial society , display all the loose-end symptoms of Peter the Great 's reforms — though Dostoevsky 's overt theorizing about Peter gets left behind in the notebooks .
‘ we ’ , the provincial society , [show] all the loose-end symptoms of peter the great 's reforms — though dostoevsky 's overt theorizing about peter gets left behind in the notebooks .

Anna Pavord 's proposal ( 27 September ) that the interior should be rebuilt as ‘ a series of simple , clean well-designed rooms ’ for the display of the contents saved from the fire ignores the fact that the furniture and paintings at Uppark were either designed or collected by the Fetherstonhaugh family over numerous generations especially for the rooms in which they lived .
anna pavord 's proposal ( 27 september ) that the interior should be rebuilt as ‘ a series of simple , clean well-designed rooms ’ for the [show] of the contents saved from the fire ignores the fact that the furniture and paintings at uppark were either designed or collected by the fetherstonhaugh family over numerous generations especially for the rooms in which they lived .

So much for a daring display of primitive combat ! Feeling somehow cheated , but also extremely relieved , we carried on along the trail …
so much for a daring [show] of primitive combat ! feeling somehow cheated , but also extremely relieved , we carried on along the trail …

In an unsubtle reminder of the importance of firepower , Deng Xiaoping and other Chinese leaders gathered in Tiananmen last night to celebrate the 40th birthday of ‘ new China ’ with a deafening display of pyrotechnics .
in an unsubtle reminder of the importance of firepower , deng xiaoping and other chinese leaders gathered in tiananmen last night to celebrate the 40th birthday of ‘ new china ’ with a deafening [show] of pyrotechnics .

July saw the purchase of Colbrook Equipment , a designer of food display units , for a maximum profits-related payment of £2.16m — less than seven times Colbrook 's pre-tax earnings of £329,000 in 1988 .
july saw the purchase of colbrook equipment , a designer of food [show] units , for a maximum profits-related payment of £2.16m — less than seven times colbrook 's pre-tax earnings of £329,000 in 1988 .

Display Sales Manager Shona Finnie 081–661 8640
[show] sales manager shona finnie 081–661 8640

The museum hopes to display and explain telecomms systems as well as the history of more traditional technology .
the museum hopes to [show] and explain telecomms systems as well as the history of more traditional technology .

Display Technologies , a Toshiba-IBM joint venture , has completed construction of its manufacturing plant in Himeji and has started production of large size , LCDs for computer terminals .
[show] technologies , a toshiba-ibm joint venture , has completed construction of its manufacturing plant in himeji and has started production of large size , lcds for computer terminals .

The best scheme , by far , is to do what is normally done , ie. , write a bit image file in terms of the resolution available at the time it is created . If you want to display it on a device with different resolution , you have the following options : —
the best scheme , by far , is to do what is normally done , ie. , write a bit image file in terms of the resolution available at the time it is created . if you want to [show] it on a device with different resolution , you have the following options : —

If the new resolution is greater than the original , you can show your entire image at its original resolution in part of your new display device , ie .
if the new resolution is greater than the original , you can show your entire image at its original resolution in part of your new [show] device , ie .

If you want to , you can expand it to fill the complete display by using a suitable expansion algorithm .
if you want to , you can expand it to fill the complete [show] by using a suitable expansion algorithm .

There are also facilities to display the data 's standard errors and select polynomial and rational functions .
there are also facilities to [show] the data 's standard errors and select polynomial and rational functions .

Hundreds of thousands of people poured into the streets to watch the firework display - a fact which , Mr Deng boasted , proves that ‘ China 's social order has returned to normal ’ .
hundreds of thousands of people poured into the streets to watch the firework [show] - a fact which , mr deng boasted , proves that ‘ china 's social order has returned to normal ’ .

Most Western ambassadors boycotted the firework display but did attend a reception on Saturday hosted by the Prime Minister , Li Peng .
most western ambassadors boycotted the firework [show] but did attend a reception on saturday hosted by the prime minister , li peng .

This is true , to a lesser extent , of all forms of imaginative writing , but poetry is the most obviously governed by convention and genre , and in the eyes of both the Russian Formalists and of non-literary readers the most likely to display linguistic deformation .
this is true , to a lesser extent , of all forms of imaginative writing , but poetry is the most obviously governed by convention and genre , and in the eyes of both the russian formalists and of non-literary readers the most likely to [show] linguistic deformation .

Ashton resorted to Petipa 's way of selecting and phrasing the steps , poses and ports de bras which would best display the ballerinas ' individual qualities .
ashton resorted to petipa 's way of selecting and phrasing the steps , poses and ports de bras which would best [show] the ballerinas ' individual qualities .

Canon Arbeau in his Orchésographie ( 1588 ) recommended the use of four positions from and through which the feet moved , the turn-out to show off the line of the leg and ports de bras to display one 's carriage and courteous behaviour .
canon arbeau in his orchésographie ( 1588 ) recommended the use of four positions from and through which the feet moved , the turn-out to show off the line of the leg and ports de bras to [show] one 's carriage and courteous behaviour .

Their dances were usually fast and had to display their exciting footwork , e.g .
their dances were usually fast and had to [show] their exciting footwork , e.g .

which display the solo dancing ability of each character and define social status and other traits that are so important to the unfolding of the story , e.g. the Six fairies bring their various gifts to the Christening and Aurora dances happily to acknowledge the compliments of the Princes and all who have come to her birthday ( The Sleeping Beauty . )
which [show] the solo dancing ability of each character and define social status and other traits that are so important to the unfolding of the story , e.g. the six fairies bring their various gifts to the christening and aurora dances happily to acknowledge the compliments of the princes and all who have come to her birthday ( the sleeping beauty . )

which were and still are a display of dances that may or may not be applicable to the plot .
which were and still are a [show] of dances that may or may not be applicable to the plot .

Sometimes it is valuable to emphasise the impetus itself , particularly if a bravura pirouette is needed to display a dancer 's particular expertise or perhaps some exhibitionist trait in the character portrayed .
sometimes it is valuable to emphasise the impetus itself , particularly if a bravura pirouette is needed to [show] a dancer 's particular expertise or perhaps some exhibitionist trait in the character portrayed .

Apollo was the first ballet to display a fresh way of looking at class-room technique for the communication of an ancient Greek legend .
apollo was the first ballet to [show] a fresh way of looking at class-room technique for the communication of an ancient greek legend .

It was this ability to display a ballerina 's apparent weightlessness and sheer joy in dance that was so impressive when the Spirits of the Air danced in Homage to the Queen , Ashton 's exquisite celebration of the 1952 Coronation which was danced by Margot Fonteyn and Michael Somes .
it was this ability to [show] a ballerina 's apparent weightlessness and sheer joy in dance that was so impressive when the spirits of the air danced in homage to the queen , ashton 's exquisite celebration of the 1952 coronation which was danced by margot fonteyn and michael somes .

Such antics as performed by both girls and boys display how fur technique has developed .
such antics as performed by both girls and boys [show] how fur technique has developed .

Nevertheless they should have no place in pure classical ballets because they are largely acrobatic , and as such have a place only in certain modern works which discard the old conventions in order to display the athleticism and freedom of movement that today 's choreographers use as part of their material .
nevertheless they should have no place in pure classical ballets because they are largely acrobatic , and as such have a place only in certain modern works which discard the old conventions in order to [show] the athleticism and freedom of movement that today 's choreographers use as part of their material .

The pointes The use of pointes as a delicate finishing touch is not always exploited by today 's choreographers , who often use them to display their dancers ' ability to ‘ get up and stay there ’ — come what may !
the pointes the use of pointes as a delicate finishing touch is not always exploited by today 's choreographers , who often use them to [show] their dancers ' ability to ‘ get up and stay there ’ — come what may !

They too wish to display their dancers ' bodies at their fullest extension , therefore they must give them time , rhythm and space in which to move .
they too wish to [show] their dancers ' bodies at their fullest extension , therefore they must give them time , rhythm and space in which to move .

Much time was spent in the formulation of rules to lay down the alignments and éaulements which would best display each movement from the audience 's point of view .
much time was spent in the formulation of rules to lay down the alignments and éaulements which would best [show] each movement from the audience 's point of view .

This contrast was used by Petipa to great advantage and demands a very musical dancer to display his brilliant choreography in Raymonda .
this contrast was used by petipa to great advantage and demands a very musical dancer to [show] his brilliant choreography in raymonda .

It was certainly a spectacular display of what dancers could do with their legs whilst merely marching but the ports de bras were very limited and merely swung at the sides or sprang to attention .
it was certainly a spectacular [show] of what dancers could do with their legs whilst merely marching but the ports de bras were very limited and merely swung at the sides or sprang to attention .

They both display a new awareness of each other and this colours their movements .
they both [show] a new awareness of each other and this colours their movements .

In order to display particular native features , the traditional circle , chain and couple dance formations must be broken up and opened outwards so that the steps are seen clearly by the audience .
in order to [show] particular native features , the traditional circle , chain and couple dance formations must be broken up and opened outwards so that the steps are seen clearly by the audience .

These choreographers must create movements which display each protagonist 's particular behaviour and reactions .
these choreographers must create movements which [show] each protagonist 's particular behaviour and reactions .

It is designed to display both dancer and dance to the best advantage from the audience 's point of view .
it is designed to [show] both dancer and dance to the best advantage from the audience 's point of view .

Two huge screens above the chess boards carried illuminated chess graphics to display the games .
two huge screens above the chess boards carried illuminated chess graphics to [show] the games .

Thorne , the world No.9 , admitted after a lacklustre display last night : ‘ This has been the worst year of my life . ’
thorne , the world no.9 , admitted after a lacklustre [show] last night : ‘ this has been the worst year of my life . ’

But his world super-middleweight title fight with Roberto Duran , ushered in with an awesome display of fireworks to mark the opening of the largest resort in Las Vegas , turned out to be a stalemate in styles , a fistic folly in which the two outstanding exponents of the Eighties brought the decade to a close amid booing and jeering .
but his world super-middleweight title fight with roberto duran , ushered in with an awesome [show] of fireworks to mark the opening of the largest resort in las vegas , turned out to be a stalemate in styles , a fistic folly in which the two outstanding exponents of the eighties brought the decade to a close amid booing and jeering .

He disparaged the customs service testing programme as mere display , a gesture of solidarity with the President 's anti-drug campaign .
he disparaged the customs service testing programme as mere [show] , a gesture of solidarity with the president 's anti-drug campaign .

Thorne , the world No.9 , admitted after a lacklustre display last night : ‘ This has been the worst year of my life . ’
thorne , the world no.9 , admitted after a lacklustre [show] last night : ‘ this has been the worst year of my life . ’

Blown-up extracts from contemporary Paris newspapers , on panels larger than the works of art on display , suggest that the district 's sudden fame was not so much to do with art or philosophy , but the novel phenomenon of la jeunesse .
blown-up extracts from contemporary paris newspapers , on panels larger than the works of art on [show] , suggest that the district 's sudden fame was not so much to do with art or philosophy , but the novel phenomenon of la jeunesse .

Makers will not be obliged to offer the guarantee but those who decide not to will have to display a prominent notice saying ‘ no consumer guarantee ’ .
makers will not be obliged to offer the guarantee but those who decide not to will have to [show] a prominent notice saying ‘ no consumer guarantee ’ .

But London won enough of the ball for Carling to display his acceleration and his priceless ability to time a pass .
but london won enough of the ball for carling to [show] his acceleration and his priceless ability to time a pass .

In 1851 Hoopers of Eastington were noted for the fine display of their products at the great Exhibition .
in 1851 hoopers of eastington were noted for the fine [show] of their products at the great exhibition .

In one school towards the end of July the staff arrived to discover that the staff room was festooned with balloons and streamers , the wine glasses were dusted off ready for use later in the day but , most importantly on the display board was a very large notice in thick felt pen :
in one school towards the end of july the staff arrived to discover that the staff room was festooned with balloons and streamers , the wine glasses were dusted off ready for use later in the day but , most importantly on the [show] board was a very large notice in thick felt pen :

The head needs to encourage staff to scrounge for good management , display and communications ideas from schools where they have previously worked , schools where their own children attend , industry , supermarkets , courses , magazines and even books .
the head needs to encourage staff to scrounge for good management , [show] and communications ideas from schools where they have previously worked , schools where their own children attend , industry , supermarkets , courses , magazines and even books .

Some teachers say that they ca n't leave out attractive or valuable items on open display in classrooms and corridors in case of theft or damage .
some teachers say that they ca n't leave out attractive or valuable items on open [show] in classrooms and corridors in case of theft or damage .

At one school where children had a choice of meal there was an attractive menu on display and the food was put in heated containers so that the children could indicate what they wanted .
at one school where children had a choice of meal there was an attractive menu on [show] and the food was put in heated containers so that the children could indicate what they wanted .

Some schools have a display board featuring named photographs of the staff including the secretary and the caretaker .
some schools have a [show] board featuring named photographs of the staff including the secretary and the caretaker .

Window dressing is n't visual deceit if the window display accurately represents what the school is about .
window dressing is n't visual deceit if the window [show] accurately represents what the school is about .

Asking the children to explain why their work is placed on display always produces interesting responses .
asking the children to explain why their work is placed on [show] always produces interesting responses .

If the display contains a short written piece by the teacher giving a little background about its purpose and merits then attention of visitors and others has a focus and they can join in fully with the celebration .
if the [show] contains a short written piece by the teacher giving a little background about its purpose and merits then attention of visitors and others has a focus and they can join in fully with the celebration .

Decisions will need to be made about the criteria for display . Will it just be the material produced by the neatest and cleverest or will an attempt be made to ensure that in turn every child will have a piece of work exhibited ?
decisions will need to be made about the criteria for [show] . will it just be the material produced by the neatest and cleverest or will an attempt be made to ensure that in turn every child will have a piece of work exhibited ?

The harvest service is usually a major event in the calendar for most schools with parents contributing produce for an attractive display .
the harvest service is usually a major event in the calendar for most schools with parents contributing produce for an attractive [show] .

Experience has shown that unless careful thought is given to the display then what often appears is an unco-ordinated collection of ‘ cute ’ photographs of children with false red noses on Comic Relief Day , on a school trip to Rhyl , feeding the old folk at a tea party , at school camps etc , but few photographs of children reading , writing or doing maths , science or any of the arts .
experience has shown that unless careful thought is given to the [show] then what often appears is an unco-ordinated collection of ‘ cute ’ photographs of children with false red noses on comic relief day , on a school trip to rhyl , feeding the old folk at a tea party , at school camps etc , but few photographs of children reading , writing or doing maths , science or any of the arts .

It 's a good idea to keep a press cuttings album and leave it on permanent display in the staff room or school reception area .
it 's a good idea to keep a press cuttings album and leave it on permanent [show] in the staff room or school reception area .

If there are new housing developments in the neighbourhood contact the builder to see if copies can be on display in show homes .
if there are new housing developments in the neighbourhood contact the builder to see if copies can be on [show] in show homes .

Regularly visit the places where you have prospectuses on display to check on stock levels and replenish if necessary .
regularly visit the places where you have prospectuses on [show] to check on stock levels and replenish if necessary .

The local Tupperware representative will be more than happy to lay on a display , the electricity showroom will often arrange a microwave cookery demonstration , and local clothes shops a fashion display .
the local tupperware representative will be more than happy to lay on a [show] , the electricity showroom will often arrange a microwave cookery demonstration , and local clothes shops a fashion [show] .

There are many shops that are quite happy to accept posters advertising school events and there are others that are willing to display children 's work for a limited period .
there are many shops that are quite happy to accept posters advertising school events and there are others that are willing to [show] children 's work for a limited period .

Building society offices will often provide a great deal of window space to a display of children 's work as part of their community service .
building society offices will often provide a great deal of window space to a [show] of children 's work as part of their community service .

Work left on unattended open display needs to be visited regularly to check on wear and tear or even sabotage by children loyal to another school !
work left on unattended open [show] needs to be visited regularly to check on wear and tear or even sabotage by children loyal to another school !

Make sure that there are details on display explaining the purpose of the work and the ages of the children who produced it .
make sure that there are details on [show] explaining the purpose of the work and the ages of the children who produced it .

It is important that there are eye catching banners or posters on display that identify the school .
it is important that there are eye catching banners or posters on [show] that identify the school .

Do n't forget that estate agent offices are good places to have your school prospectus on open display .
do n't forget that estate agent offices are good places to have your school prospectus on open [show] .

The effect of wide-screen display is mesmerising .
the effect of wide-screen [show] is mesmerising .

Today that interior decoration forms part of the museum itself , rather than acting merely as a backdrop to the works of art on display .
today that interior decoration forms part of the museum itself , rather than acting merely as a backdrop to the works of art on [show] .

Sadly , it is rarely on public display .
sadly , it is rarely on public [show] .

Mozart 's reputation preceded him on the return trip , and the family were frequently detained so that he could give performances and display his talents .
mozart 's reputation preceded him on the return trip , and the family were frequently detained so that he could give performances and [show] his talents .

Designs for Kedleston by James ‘ Athenian ’ Stuart and Robert Adam will also be shown , and this is doubly appropriate as the proceeds of the exhibition will be given to the Trust and will be used to store and display the unique collection of architectural drawings at the house in ideal museum-room conditions .
designs for kedleston by james ‘ athenian ’ stuart and robert adam will also be shown , and this is doubly appropriate as the proceeds of the exhibition will be given to the trust and will be used to store and [show] the unique collection of architectural drawings at the house in ideal museum-room conditions .

The evening will end with a spectacular firework display over the Thames .
the evening will end with a spectacular firework [show] over the thames .

‘ Feeling ill , poor darling , ’ Ian had told him with a hint of malice underlying his display of concern .
‘ feeling ill , poor darling , ’ ian had told him with a hint of malice underlying his [show] of concern .

He 'd liked the story well enough , admittedly , given a fairly good display to his half-dozen column inches yesterday ; but when Mike had told him the press conference to which Briant had agreed could make a much better story , he had n't seemed to think much of it .
he 'd liked the story well enough , admittedly , given a fairly good [show] to his half-dozen column inches yesterday ; but when mike had told him the press conference to which briant had agreed could make a much better story , he had n't seemed to think much of it .

’ Frederick Rowton in The Female Poets of Great Britain ( 1848 ) wrote of Leapor : ‘ Her writings , of which two volumes have appeared , display very considerable genius .
’ frederick rowton in the female poets of great britain ( 1848 ) wrote of leapor : ‘ her writings , of which two volumes have appeared , [show] very considerable genius .

Whereas women are expected to conceal or control whatever defects their bodies may have , Leapor puts hers on display , and even amplifies them .
whereas women are expected to conceal or control whatever defects their bodies may have , leapor puts hers on [show] , and even amplifies them .

Sometimes in a display of the new ‘ simultaneity ’ that was all the rage , there would be a combined performance of art , poetry reading and music of high quality with a fashionable , well-dressed crowd mingling with the artists .
sometimes in a [show] of the new ‘ simultaneity ’ that was all the rage , there would be a combined performance of art , poetry reading and music of high quality with a fashionable , well-dressed crowd mingling with the artists .

Here a vast crowd did display more enthusiasm than that before Notre Dame and the Emperor and Empress were obliged to appear frequently on the balcony of the palace to acknowledge the cheers .
here a vast crowd did [show] more enthusiasm than that before notre dame and the emperor and empress were obliged to appear frequently on the balcony of the palace to acknowledge the cheers .

The press of carriages represented an increasing desire of those with money to display it rather than hoard it , determined to keep pace with the fashion : ‘ The dreary bourgeois of Balzac have become vain .
the press of carriages represented an increasing desire of those with money to [show] it rather than hoard it , determined to keep pace with the fashion : ‘ the dreary bourgeois of balzac have become vain .

The discussions themselves should vary widely in topic , but should be so planned as to involve the display of evidence , and the development and probing of both argument and evidence .
the discussions themselves should vary widely in topic , but should be so planned as to involve the [show] of evidence , and the development and probing of both argument and evidence .

The reading material should include material which relates to the real world , such as labels , captions , notices , children 's newspapers , books of instructions , plans and maps , diagrams , computer print-out and visual display .
the reading material should include material which relates to the real world , such as labels , captions , notices , children 's newspapers , books of instructions , plans and maps , diagrams , computer print-out and visual [show] .

Spell correctly , in the course of their own writing , words which display other main patterns in English spelling , including the main prefixes and suffixes .
spell correctly , in the course of their own writing , words which [show] other main patterns in english spelling , including the main prefixes and suffixes .

Above the mantelpiece was a series of display shelves , each niche holding a shepherdess in Dresden china , or a small bronze .
above the mantelpiece was a series of [show] shelves , each niche holding a shepherdess in dresden china , or a small bronze .

Most of what is on display here seems … well , rather over-fleshed and tired .
most of what is on [show] here seems … well , rather over-fleshed and tired .

1 ) ‘ All , or at least almost all , children are going to display some anti-social behaviour e.g .
1 ) ‘ all , or at least almost all , children are going to [show] some anti-social behaviour e.g .

As we have seen , higher education in Latin America is predominantly the prerogative of the rich and , so , to have the opportunity to display merit , the Latin American businessman must come from a wealthy background .
as we have seen , higher education in latin america is predominantly the prerogative of the rich and , so , to have the opportunity to [show] merit , the latin american businessman must come from a wealthy background .

She had a heavily lined face , a prominent , almost hawk-like nose , but she had kindly eyes and every so often she would display a vein of sharp humour that suggested her family had to keep their shoes clean when they approached her little parlour .
she had a heavily lined face , a prominent , almost hawk-like nose , but she had kindly eyes and every so often she would [show] a vein of sharp humour that suggested her family had to keep their shoes clean when they approached her little parlour .

He could easily find out by groping for the clock , lifting it to his line of vision , and pressing the button that illuminates the digital display .
he could easily find out by groping for the clock , lifting it to his line of vision , and pressing the button that illuminates the digital [show] .

He checks the statistics of his journey on the digital dashboard display .
he checks the statistics of his journey on the digital dashboard [show] .

An obvious objection is that the attitude of respect is not regarded by those who display it as the source of their obligation .
an obvious objection is that the attitude of respect is not regarded by those who [show] it as the source of their obligation .

The journal also allowed him to display his growing alienation from the Bolsheviks .
the journal also allowed him to [show] his growing alienation from the bolsheviks .

At the other extreme , a sick or tired horse will display a very low carriage , with his tail drooping and his head and neck very low .
at the other extreme , a sick or tired horse will [show] a very low carriage , with his tail drooping and his head and neck very low .

This hidden wonderland , sculptured in darkness absolute , remained unseen and unsuspected through the ages until the present century when men first ventured into rifts in the ground and beheld in the light of torches an amazing display of sculptured limestone in patterns both incredibly delicate and massive , a living museum of art in many forms .
this hidden wonderland , sculptured in darkness absolute , remained unseen and unsuspected through the ages until the present century when men first ventured into rifts in the ground and beheld in the light of torches an amazing [show] of sculptured limestone in patterns both incredibly delicate and massive , a living museum of art in many forms .

This is a show cave , open to the public when a guide is in attendance ; the charge for admittance is rewarded by a splendid display of natural carvings and formations and many named features .
this is a show cave , open to the public when a guide is in attendance ; the charge for admittance is rewarded by a splendid [show] of natural carvings and formations and many named features .

Norber has achieved fame in geological circles by its display of erratic boulders , and Moughton , not to be outdone , exhibits examples , no less interesting , of unconformity in its rock structures .
norber has achieved fame in geological circles by its [show] of erratic boulders , and moughton , not to be outdone , exhibits examples , no less interesting , of unconformity in its rock structures .

It is regrettable that the court in this case did not display any principled commitment to the idea of freedom of movement or evinced any anxiety that such an ancient liberty was being seriously eroded .
it is regrettable that the court in this case did not [show] any principled commitment to the idea of freedom of movement or evinced any anxiety that such an ancient liberty was being seriously eroded .

to recall and display a limited amount of accurate and relevant historical knowledge ; to show a basic understanding of the historical concepts of cause and consequence , continuity and change , sufficiently supported by obvious examples ; to identify and list differences and similarities .
to recall and [show] a limited amount of accurate and relevant historical knowledge ; to show a basic understanding of the historical concepts of cause and consequence , continuity and change , sufficiently supported by obvious examples ; to identify and list differences and similarities .

It was primarily a Display Laugh , something to indicate that she could rise above Henry , but ( this disturbed him somewhat ) at the back of her he caught a glimpse of something that could only be genuine amusement .
it was primarily a [show] laugh , something to indicate that she could rise above henry , but ( this disturbed him somewhat ) at the back of her he caught a glimpse of something that could only be genuine amusement .

From then until his death in 1099 at the age of fifty-six , El Cid fought a series of dazzling campaigns against the Moors , taking the fortified city of Valencia and making it an impregnable fortress against his enemies When news of his death reached the rest of Spain , men and women wept openly in the streets , tearing their clothing and lacerating their cheeks in an extravagant display of mourning .
from then until his death in 1099 at the age of fifty-six , el cid fought a series of dazzling campaigns against the moors , taking the fortified city of valencia and making it an impregnable fortress against his enemies when news of his death reached the rest of spain , men and women wept openly in the streets , tearing their clothing and lacerating their cheeks in an extravagant [show] of mourning .

It pleases him to have his camp display the signs of Mars rather than those of Venus .
it pleases him to have his camp [show] the signs of mars rather than those of venus .

If you look hard you can still find old shops with window displays like an undertaker 's , where a single navy-blue woollen glove on a metal stand would be considered a showy Christmas display .
if you look hard you can still find old shops with window displays like an undertaker 's , where a single navy-blue woollen glove on a metal stand would be considered a showy christmas [show] .

It was the place where we had to display our knobbly knees and pimply backs , our sometimes not very clean underwear and our sweaty socks .
it was the place where we had to [show] our knobbly knees and pimply backs , our sometimes not very clean underwear and our sweaty socks .

’ Although Maidstone was now beginning to display the fact that he was far from sober — his walk was a little unsteady and one or two of his words did not come out exactly right — the visit to the hatshop passed off without any untoward incident .
’ although maidstone was now beginning to [show] the fact that he was far from sober — his walk was a little unsteady and one or two of his words did not come out exactly right — the visit to the hatshop passed off without any untoward incident .

She did not wish to display any gesture that could be interpreted as precious or affected .
she did not wish to [show] any gesture that could be interpreted as precious or affected .

Sally confesses : ‘ We realized , after we 'd had the dividing wall rebuilt between the front room and the back parlour , that it was impossible to get in or out of the back parlour , since we 'd also had the doorway closed off and made into a display case for the tortoiseshell medical implements Peter collects .
sally confesses : ‘ we realized , after we 'd had the dividing wall rebuilt between the front room and the back parlour , that it was impossible to get in or out of the back parlour , since we 'd also had the doorway closed off and made into a [show] case for the tortoiseshell medical implements peter collects .

So we thought we would have to lose either the display case or the rebuilt wall — and then an old friend of ours , who happens to be the Emeritus Professor of Suburban Buildings at the University of Lutterworth , visiting one day , told us that these houses never actually had a dividing wall between the front room and the back parlour-so we had to take the whole wall out and remodel the opening in the original style , with a simple lintel and unadorned verticals , which we bought at auction in Fyfe .
so we thought we would have to lose either the [show] case or the rebuilt wall — and then an old friend of ours , who happens to be the emeritus professor of suburban buildings at the university of lutterworth , visiting one day , told us that these houses never actually had a dividing wall between the front room and the back parlour-so we had to take the whole wall out and remodel the opening in the original style , with a simple lintel and unadorned verticals , which we bought at auction in fyfe .

Evening is consummated with a display of ardour which surprises both parties .
evening is consummated with a [show] of ardour which surprises both parties .

Getting a bit hacked off , now , but still manage fresh display of ardour .
getting a bit hacked off , now , but still manage fresh [show] of ardour .

The stumps were pitched at 12 o'clock after a firework display .
the stumps were pitched at 12 o'clock after a firework [show] .

Are you part of a Neighbourhood Watch scheme and if so do you display stickers attesting to the fact ?
are you part of a neighbourhood watch scheme and if so do you [show] stickers attesting to the fact ?

Whether or not you have a dog , display a sign on the front gate that says ‘ Beware of the dog ’ .
whether or not you have a dog , [show] a sign on the front gate that says ‘ beware of the dog ’ .

ones that display licences in the cab and that can be telephoned to book your ride .
ones that [show] licences in the cab and that can be telephoned to book your ride .

Never display anything that may tempt a thief .
never [show] anything that may tempt a thief .

There are other , safer ways of looking glamorous or attractive and lots of gold on display is a powerful temptation to thieves or muggers .
there are other , safer ways of looking glamorous or attractive and lots of gold on [show] is a powerful temptation to thieves or muggers .

The Visitor Centre includes : Tourist Information ; craft area ; an audio visual display about Northampton 's history ; tea room and a bridge link to the Central Museum and Art Gallery .
the visitor centre includes : tourist information ; craft area ; an audio visual [show] about northampton 's history ; tea room and a bridge link to the central museum and art gallery .

Look above the modern shop fronts to the upper floors which display a variety of styles and embellishments .
look above the modern shop fronts to the upper floors which [show] a variety of styles and embellishments .

As well as a Tourist Information office , it contains a Craft Shop , Tea Room , audio-visual display about Northampton 's history , and a bridge link to the Central Museum & Art Gallery .
as well as a tourist information office , it contains a craft shop , tea room , audio-visual [show] about northampton 's history , and a bridge link to the central museum & art gallery .

There is a Victorian farmyard , complete with farm implements , a working forge and a display of butter churns , pats and stamps from the turn of the century , when Boscobel was still a working farm .
there is a victorian farmyard , complete with farm implements , a working forge and a [show] of butter churns , pats and stamps from the turn of the century , when boscobel was still a working farm .

The Tudor Great Hall — the display of arms and armour brings to mind the Civil War when Rockingham was captured and occupied by the roundheads .
the tudor great hall — the [show] of arms and armour brings to mind the civil war when rockingham was captured and occupied by the roundheads .

The Orchard , beyond , is underplanted with bulbs which provide a magnificent display each spring .
the orchard , beyond , is underplanted with bulbs which provide a magnificent [show] each spring .

The Visitor Centre includes a large Tourist Information Centre , Craft Shop , Tea Room and an audio-visual display about Northampton 's history , plus a bridge link to the Central Museum & Art Gallery next door .
the visitor centre includes a large tourist information centre , craft shop , tea room and an audio-visual [show] about northampton 's history , plus a bridge link to the central museum & art gallery next door .

There will be a display of work and photographs including pottery house plaques and carved coats of arms .
there will be a [show] of work and photographs including pottery house plaques and carved coats of arms .

Here many different crafts such as pottery , candle-making , wood-turning , toymaking and patchwork are on display .
here many different crafts such as pottery , candle-making , wood-turning , toymaking and patchwork are on [show] .

Yet again , the Almeida gives its designer — in this case , Anthony Ward — the chance to create a dazzling set , three classic reliefs of caped , naked horsemen and a dropped ceiling that splits and lowers to display a map of nameless walled city .
yet again , the almeida gives its designer — in this case , anthony ward — the chance to create a dazzling set , three classic reliefs of caped , naked horsemen and a dropped ceiling that splits and lowers to [show] a map of nameless walled city .

As well as being appropriately dressed you should also be aware that you may have been noted even while looking at the agency 's window display .
as well as being appropriately dressed you should also be aware that you may have been noted even while looking at the agency 's window [show] .

Young people and those who are not accustomed to drinking are likely to display signs of alcohol excess at these low alcohol levels .
young people and those who are not accustomed to drinking are likely to [show] signs of alcohol excess at these low alcohol levels .

The law makes no allowance for the fact that habitual drinkers do n't display some of the signs of intoxication until blood alcohol is above 80mg/ 100ml .
the law makes no allowance for the fact that habitual drinkers do n't [show] some of the signs of intoxication until blood alcohol is above 80mg/ 100ml .

Equally , too much frankness and bodily display can cause children to shy away or feel uneasy .
equally , too much frankness and bodily [show] can cause children to shy away or feel uneasy .

Emotions , and particularly conflicting emotions , are powerful in their ascendance over intellect and they may display themselves more accurately through the body than through words .
emotions , and particularly conflicting emotions , are powerful in their ascendance over intellect and they may [show] themselves more accurately through the body than through words .

Neico Aviation won the Best commercial Display award with their Lancair 320 fastbuild kit exhibit .
neico aviation won the best commercial [show] award with their lancair 320 fastbuild kit exhibit .

My particular interest is in aerobatics for fun , competition and display purposes .
my particular interest is in aerobatics for fun , competition and [show] purposes .

Under the watchful eye of the teacher the children improvise their shoe shop , and probably it is she who suggests the use of shelves for the ‘ display ’ of pairs .
under the watchful eye of the teacher the children improvise their shoe shop , and probably it is she who suggests the use of shelves for the ‘ [show] ’ of pairs .

The children stacked tins as for display in a supermarket .
the children stacked tins as for [show] in a supermarket .

Making collections for display
making collections for [show]

The bulk of his writing appeared in the 1870s but enjoyed a revival in the 1890s , mainly because of its open display of virulently anti-Semitic and anti-Polish attitudes .
the bulk of his writing appeared in the 1870s but enjoyed a revival in the 1890s , mainly because of its open [show] of virulently anti-semitic and anti-polish attitudes .

The Danzig Senate denied any such plan and , after a debate , the League of Nations , in a rare display of firmness , obliged the Poles to withdraw their soldiers and police .
the danzig senate denied any such plan and , after a debate , the league of nations , in a rare [show] of firmness , obliged the poles to withdraw their soldiers and police .

There is , in fact , a ferret corner with animals on display at most country fairs and they do attract wide interest .
there is , in fact , a ferret corner with animals on [show] at most country fairs and they do attract wide interest .

Since 1980 the Theatre Collection has mounted an exhibition every year , but to many people 's surprise and regret , it has never had a permanent display area of its own .
since 1980 the theatre collection has mounted an exhibition every year , but to many people 's surprise and regret , it has never had a permanent [show] area of its own .

It is a middle-horned breed : the bull 's horns are thick and grow horizontally and sideways from the poll , while cows display finer , gently curved horns somewhat similar in style of growth to those of the Longhorns but shorter and more balanced , though occasionally one horn grows in a different direction to the other .
it is a middle-horned breed : the bull 's horns are thick and grow horizontally and sideways from the poll , while cows [show] finer , gently curved horns somewhat similar in style of growth to those of the longhorns but shorter and more balanced , though occasionally one horn grows in a different direction to the other .

Because of the breed 's genetic separation from other breeds , crossbred calves display considerable hybrid vigour and outgrow many other crosses but can still be fattened off grass .
because of the breed 's genetic separation from other breeds , crossbred calves [show] considerable hybrid vigour and outgrow many other crosses but can still be fattened off grass .

Indeed , the well-preserved mummies of animals , pharaohs and queens on display in many museums bear witness to the skills of the ancient Egyptian embalmers and to the remarkable preservative powers of plant essences .
indeed , the well-preserved mummies of animals , pharaohs and queens on [show] in many museums bear witness to the skills of the ancient egyptian embalmers and to the remarkable preservative powers of plant essences .

They would also remove any personal belongings which were removable and next day place them on prominent display , according to Polperro 's Quiller Couch , ‘ … to disclose the disgraceful want of vigilance supposed to characterise the owner ’ .
they would also remove any personal belongings which were removable and next day place them on prominent [show] , according to polperro 's quiller couch , ‘ … to disclose the disgraceful want of vigilance supposed to characterise the owner ’ .

When bream patrol their feeding routes they frequently display themselves at the surface .
when bream patrol their feeding routes they frequently [show] themselves at the surface .

Non-means-tested welfare benefits display many features of structural ageism .
non-means-tested welfare benefits [show] many features of structural ageism .

While profitability remains the key factor in the use of expensive floor space , it would make sense to display the products which older people are likely to buy on the ground floor .
while profitability remains the key factor in the use of expensive floor space , it would make sense to [show] the products which older people are likely to buy on the ground floor .

Job Centres allow employers to put age limits in the vacancies they display and the Government will not stop this practice .
job centres allow employers to put age limits in the vacancies they [show] and the government will not stop this practice .

Competitors are invited to ‘ name the bunnies ’ in the centre of the Easter display . Christian 's girlfriend Nina will be delighted to note your suggestion … for a small donation !
competitors are invited to ‘ name the bunnies ’ in the centre of the easter [show] . christian 's girlfriend nina will be delighted to note your suggestion … for a small donation !

Artists have been hurrying to display their work , which should be deposited at the hall on Friday , May 8th from 7 to 9.30 p.m. or the next day from 9.30 a.m. to 12.30 p.m .
artists have been hurrying to [show] their work , which should be deposited at the hall on friday , may 8th from 7 to 9.30 p.m. or the next day from 9.30 a.m. to 12.30 p.m .

Field trip fossils on display
field trip fossils on [show]

Fossils from the club 's recent field trip to the Isle of Wight were on display , and secretary Frank Rhodes was thanked for his help in arranging this enjoyable outing .
fossils from the club 's recent field trip to the isle of wight were on [show] , and secretary frank rhodes was thanked for his help in arranging this enjoyable outing .

But United , playing their penultimate away fixture of the season , were not discredited by their own performance and were ultimately undone by an excellent Hornet 's display and an extra special goal .
but united , playing their penultimate away fixture of the season , were not discredited by their own performance and were ultimately undone by an excellent hornet 's [show] and an extra special goal .

However , Merrow who had already been relegated , put up a spirited display and it was not until the second half that Haslemere gained any real control .
however , merrow who had already been relegated , put up a spirited [show] and it was not until the second half that haslemere gained any real control .

This proved too much for Daniel Wilkinson , who nevertheless put up a sparkling display of shots and services .
this proved too much for daniel wilkinson , who nevertheless put up a sparkling [show] of shots and services .

Meantime , back at the Bourne , the crowd were treated to a display of power tennis from Duncan Knight who had come down from the David Lloyd Centre with Onny Parun .
meantime , back at the bourne , the crowd were treated to a [show] of power tennis from duncan knight who had come down from the david lloyd centre with onny parun .

‘ It is not good that one should seek to display authority by adopting an aggressive attitude .
‘ it is not good that one should seek to [show] authority by adopting an aggressive attitude .

However during the 1909 Air Display at Squires Gate and again for the steeplechase meetings at the racecourse there , Corporation trams were operated through from Talbot Square , at a fare of 4d .
however during the 1909 air [show] at squires gate and again for the steeplechase meetings at the racecourse there , corporation trams were operated through from talbot square , at a fare of 4d .

The Committee accepted the prototypes first , which duly arrived in January 1934 and were placed on display in Talbot Square ( Opposite ) .
the committee accepted the prototypes first , which duly arrived in january 1934 and were placed on [show] in talbot square ( opposite ) .

The Tramway Engineer , Mr. Freddie Field , was responsible for the display , and his centre-piece was the creation of an illuminated Venetian Gondola from the remains of car 28 , which had been replaced by a new Standard car of the same number .
the tramway engineer , mr. freddie field , was responsible for the [show] , and his centre-piece was the creation of an illuminated venetian gondola from the remains of car 28 , which had been replaced by a new standard car of the same number .

It was certain the display would be repeated .
it was certain the [show] would be repeated .

The success of the 1925 Lights ensured that there would be an even bigger display in the following year .
the success of the 1925 lights ensured that there would be an even bigger [show] in the following year .

The Gazette reviewed the display : ‘ Twenty-six electrically decorated tramcars , and an illuminated double-deck car carrying 3,500 bulbs , will convey passengers along the three-mile fairyland .
the gazette reviewed the [show] : ‘ twenty-six electrically decorated tramcars , and an illuminated double-deck car carrying 3,500 bulbs , will convey passengers along the three-mile fairyland .

The old bottle kilns have been preserved , and visitors can see the techniques of china manufacture as well as a display of fine Coalport china .
the old bottle kilns have been preserved , and visitors can see the techniques of china manufacture as well as a [show] of fine coalport china .

The Victorian buildings display tools and machinery of the period , and redundant breeds of farm animals are preserved here .
the victorian buildings [show] tools and machinery of the period , and redundant breeds of farm animals are preserved here .

In Wellington Road is Monks Hall Museum , where an interesting collection of industrial machinery is on display — in particular machines invented by James Nasmyth , the Scottish engineer who set up his works in Manchester .
in wellington road is monks hall museum , where an interesting collection of industrial machinery is on [show] — in particular machines invented by james nasmyth , the scottish engineer who set up his works in manchester .

ornamenting material by cutting small holes and shapes in it , usually to display a rich lining or under-garment of contrasting colour .
ornamenting material by cutting small holes and shapes in it , usually to [show] a rich lining or under-garment of contrasting colour .

The extreme example of this would be to paralyse the animal , which would increase the pain and terror of a man even though he was unable to display any sign of pain .
the extreme example of this would be to paralyse the animal , which would increase the pain and terror of a man even though he was unable to [show] any sign of pain .

This is not done in man because it leads to Charcot joints and a deafferentation phantom , two signs the horse may not be able to display .
this is not done in man because it leads to charcot joints and a deafferentation phantom , two signs the horse may not be able to [show] .

Cottle thought that Coleridge , of all men , was ‘ least qualified to display periodical industry ’ , and many friends in the city were equally doubtful .
cottle thought that coleridge , of all men , was ‘ least qualified to [show] periodical industry ’ , and many friends in the city were equally doubtful .

From this it seems that Nicholson 's dazzling display outclassed all others in the Chemical Section — including the rather pedestrian exhibit of Perkin & Sons .
from this it seems that nicholson 's dazzling [show] outclassed all others in the chemical section — including the rather pedestrian exhibit of perkin & sons .

Other data points which do not plot within the standard gradient zone display reflectance values which must be considered too high for their present depth of burial .
other data points which do not plot within the standard gradient zone [show] reflectance values which must be considered too high for their present depth of burial .

No porosity or permeability data has been published for the oolitic grainstones but these are known to be porous in the southern North Sea and Poland where they display both primary inter-granular and leached intragranular pores ( Taylor and Colter 1975 ; Peryt and Piatkowski 1977 ; Peryt 1978 ) .
no porosity or permeability data has been published for the oolitic grainstones but these are known to be porous in the southern north sea and poland where they [show] both primary inter-granular and leached intragranular pores ( taylor and colter 1975 ; peryt and piatkowski 1977 ; peryt 1978 ) .

It is normally impossible to display all the components of an expanded system model in the same plane ( without using the whole wall of an office ! )
it is normally impossible to [show] all the components of an expanded system model in the same plane ( without using the whole wall of an office ! )

It could n't have been very nice for her , thought Karelius , seeing her sister substituted by a woman who had obtained cheap success by such a blatant display of sexuality .
it could n't have been very nice for her , thought karelius , seeing her sister substituted by a woman who had obtained cheap success by such a blatant [show] of sexuality .

The music had sounded exactly like all other music he had ever heard , and the intervals between Louise Müller 's appearances had been rather tedious , but the display of her charms had provided more than adequate compensation for the occasional ennui Lefevre had enjoyed it even more , expressing his enthusiasm at the end by shouting , ‘ Bravo !
the music had sounded exactly like all other music he had ever heard , and the intervals between louise müller 's appearances had been rather tedious , but the [show] of her charms had provided more than adequate compensation for the occasional ennui lefevre had enjoyed it even more , expressing his enthusiasm at the end by shouting , ‘ bravo !

Pride in the uniform was real , tangible , and central to the display of personal worth .
pride in the uniform was real , tangible , and central to the [show] of personal worth .

An array of sanctions — ‘ fizzers ’ , ‘ on the peg ’ — informal and formal , regulated the beat in an attempt to produce a display of robotic precision and efficiency .
an array of sanctions — ‘ fizzers ’ , ‘ on the peg ’ — informal and formal , regulated the beat in an attempt to produce a [show] of robotic precision and efficiency .

Instilling trepidation by a mass display when the Inspector of Constabulary visited , like the uniform paraphernalia of the beat constable , saved on the use of physical force .
instilling trepidation by a mass [show] when the inspector of constabulary visited , like the uniform paraphernalia of the beat constable , saved on the use of physical force .

To display the ruler line
to [show] the ruler line

Display the ruler line .
[show] the ruler line .

Display the ruler line if it is not already visible ( see Task 16 )
[show] the ruler line if it is not already visible ( see task 16 )

Display the ruler line if it is not already visible ( see Task 16 )
[show] the ruler line if it is not already visible ( see task 16 )

Display the ruler line ( see Task 16 )
[show] the ruler line ( see task 16 )

To display and use the paragraph and new line formatting marks
to [show] and use the paragraph and new line formatting marks

Prepare the window to display the paragraph and new line marks
prepare the window to [show] the paragraph and new line marks

Set the ruler line and display the new line and paragraph formatting marks ( see Tasks 16 and 20 )
set the ruler line and [show] the new line and paragraph formatting marks ( see tasks 16 and 20 )

Display the ruler line and the formatting marks .
[show] the ruler line and the formatting marks .

This was used by representatives to display goods to prospective local buyers , a practice continued until the late ‘ fifties .
this was used by representatives to [show] goods to prospective local buyers , a practice continued until the late ‘ fifties .

From time to time , one or other of the local shops would display marbles in their window , producing a sudden craze for the game .
from time to time , one or other of the local shops would [show] marbles in their window , producing a sudden craze for the game .

Next , the retailer will draw in the ‘ fixtures and fittings ’ — shelves , display units , counters and so on .
next , the retailer will draw in the ‘ fixtures and fittings ’ — shelves , [show] units , counters and so on .

There should be the following display units and counters :
there should be the following [show] units and counters :

6 display units each 2m wide × 1m deep
6 [show] units each 2m wide × 1m deep

3 glass-fronted display counters for cheese/ meat etc , each 2m long x 1m deep
3 glass-fronted [show] counters for cheese/ meat etc , each 2m long x 1m deep

Adding together the totals for each shelf display unit , wall fixture , gondola or free-standing unit will give the total shelf measurement for shop
adding together the totals for each shelf [show] unit , wall fixture , gondola or free-standing unit will give the total shelf measurement for shop

display the total — £1.04
[show] the total — £1.04

Instead the price is indicated on the shelf or display bin .
instead the price is indicated on the shelf or [show] bin .

Stock rotation also operates on the shop floor — the shelf-stacker moves older products to the front of the display or shelf , and adds new supplies behind them .
stock rotation also operates on the shop floor — the shelf-stacker moves older products to the front of the [show] or shelf , and adds new supplies behind them .

This is also reflected in the type of service and display and the quality and range of goods on offer .
this is also reflected in the type of service and [show] and the quality and range of goods on offer .

If the advertising appears to have failed , the retailer needs to find out why . Did bad weather affect sales ? Was enough window space or in-store display given to the product to support the advertisement ? Was the product right for the area ?
if the advertising appears to have failed , the retailer needs to find out why . did bad weather affect sales ? was enough window space or in-store [show] given to the product to support the advertisement ? was the product right for the area ?

Decide how to arrange the display units . You will need sections for :
decide how to arrange the [show] units . you will need sections for :

Window display
window [show]

Spot the models ! Enterprising window dressers dressed up in ski outfits to set up a display of sportswear in this store .
spot the models ! enterprising window dressers dressed up in ski outfits to set up a [show] of sportswear in this store .

When a customer buys goods ‘ on impulse ’ it is often because something in the window display has caught his eye .
when a customer buys goods ‘ on impulse ’ it is often because something in the window [show] has caught his eye .

The purposes of window display are :
the purposes of window [show] are :

The way you organise goods in a display will depend on the type of window you are dressing . There are three main types :
the way you organise goods in a [show] will depend on the type of window you are dressing . there are three main types :

Display techniques
[show] techniques

The goods in the window , and other materials used to enhance the display , should create lines which lead the eye to focus on the products .
the goods in the window , and other materials used to enhance the [show] , should create lines which lead the eye to focus on the products .

Balance is also important if a display is to achieve the desired effect .
balance is also important if a [show] is to achieve the desired effect .

In a formal display the left and right hand side are exactly the same .
in a formal [show] the left and right hand side are exactly the same .

This is known as a symmetrical display .
this is known as a symmetrical [show] .

An informal display uses a variety of shapes on each side .
an informal [show] uses a variety of shapes on each side .

This is sometimes known as an asymmetrical display .
this is sometimes known as an asymmetrical [show] .

Extra items or ‘ props ’ used in the display must be in proportion to the size of the goods on show .
extra items or ‘ props ’ used in the [show] must be in proportion to the size of the goods on show .

The impression of movement in a display can be created by repeating a particular feature , shape or colour ; by using a diagonal line several times , or by arranging a succession of items in order , from the smallest to the largest .
the impression of movement in a [show] can be created by repeating a particular feature , shape or colour ; by using a diagonal line several times , or by arranging a succession of items in order , from the smallest to the largest .

Harmony in a display is created when colours and shapes blend together .
harmony in a [show] is created when colours and shapes blend together .

The display should not be too deep ( ie should not stretch back too far from the window ) .
the [show] should not be too deep ( ie should not stretch back too far from the window ) .

Change goods in a display regularly .
change goods in a [show] regularly .

Which type of window would you use to display the following goods : three piece suite pots and pans knitting wool jewellery clothes dress fabrics fresh flowers records
which type of window would you use to [show] the following goods : three piece suite pots and pans knitting wool jewellery clothes dress fabrics fresh flowers records

Sketch a design for a window display using lines that show movement .
sketch a design for a window [show] using lines that show movement .

Draw up a list of the good and bad points in each display .
draw up a list of the good and bad points in each [show] .

Why should a display be changed regularly ?
why should a [show] be changed regularly ?

Name five special themes or seasons used in display ( other than Christmas )
name five special themes or seasons used in [show] ( other than christmas )

On completion , the sets were formed into three trains and put on display , on the goods yard sidings .
on completion , the sets were formed into three trains and put on [show] , on the goods yard sidings .

That day the Brigade gave their first public display , and these events , with the rescue from a burning building as the highlight , were to continue into the 1930s .
that day the brigade gave their first public [show] , and these events , with the rescue from a burning building as the highlight , were to continue into the 1930s .

It was in the opening match of the 1934–35 season at Aldershot ( 2–2 ) , where the young amateur capped an impressive display by scoring our first goal of the season with a header on the half-hour .
it was in the opening match of the 1934–35 season at aldershot ( 2–2 ) , where the young amateur capped an impressive [show] by scoring our first goal of the season with a header on the half-hour .

Dunn , in fact , made his debut in an excellent 3–0 win at Brighton on 9 September , where his fearless display and accurate clearances were a feature of the game .
dunn , in fact , made his debut in an excellent 3–0 win at brighton on 9 september , where his fearless [show] and accurate clearances were a feature of the game .

You will find catalogues for the current exhibition in the stands near the display cases .
you will find catalogues for the current exhibition in the stands near the [show] cases .

There are normally two volumes on display in the Long Room , one opened at a completely illuminated page and the other showing pages of text .
there are normally two volumes on [show] in the long room , one opened at a completely illuminated page and the other showing pages of text .

digital display :
digital [show] :

If your set has a digital display you need the exact frequencies in digital form as given here :
if your set has a digital [show] you need the exact frequencies in digital form as given here :

The king penguins , biggest in size and slowest to mature , moved into the crèche area ( off limits to visitors , but just behind the main penguin pool ) until they , too , had fledged , and they were put on public display during the summer .
the king penguins , biggest in size and slowest to mature , moved into the crèche area ( off limits to visitors , but just behind the main penguin pool ) until they , too , had fledged , and they were put on public [show] during the summer .

The zoo provided a variety of animals ranging from chameleons to fire salamanders to show how animals use colour in nature for camouflage , warning and display .
the zoo provided a variety of animals ranging from chameleons to fire salamanders to show how animals use colour in nature for camouflage , warning and [show] .

Crafts on display include ceramics , fly-tying , jewellery making , textile design , etc .
crafts on [show] include ceramics , fly-tying , jewellery making , textile design , etc .

Exhibitions including local craftwork will be on display in the exhibition area .
exhibitions including local craftwork will be on [show] in the exhibition area .

It emphasises the rural nature of much of our heritage ( despite the pre-eminence of Belfast as a great industrial city ) and ensures the preservation and display of the objects , customs and beliefs of our past .
it emphasises the rural nature of much of our heritage ( despite the pre-eminence of belfast as a great industrial city ) and ensures the preservation and [show] of the objects , customs and beliefs of our past .

Why do not schools or colleges display at their gate or on their notepaper or in their prospectus ‘ Twinned with Philips ’ or ‘ Partnered with Boots ’ ?
why do not schools or colleges [show] at their gate or on their notepaper or in their prospectus ‘ twinned with philips ’ or ‘ partnered with boots ’ ?

The launch conference was successful in many ways , one of which was the opportunity it gave for students and staff to display the already high quality of work across many areas of the curriculum .
the launch conference was successful in many ways , one of which was the opportunity it gave for students and staff to [show] the already high quality of work across many areas of the curriculum .

She twisted in the seat to peer at every building , her eyes seeking the upper windows above shops rather than the goods on display , as if she were looking for someone .
she twisted in the seat to peer at every building , her eyes seeking the upper windows above shops rather than the goods on [show] , as if she were looking for someone .

Expert systems can teach people with a patience few human instructors could ever display .
expert systems can teach people with a patience few human instructors could ever [show] .

Expert systems interfaced with hypermedia provide a powerful combination in terms of maintenance expertise superimposed upon differing display media .
expert systems interfaced with hypermedia provide a powerful combination in terms of maintenance expertise superimposed upon differing [show] media .

There are fireballs and electrical storms , or some sort of celestial display .
there are fireballs and electrical storms , or some sort of celestial [show] .

Grant could make out some pretty sophisticated-looking electronic hardware massed down one wall in addition to a cardiac visual display monitor and the usual paraphernalia of an intensive care unit .
grant could make out some pretty sophisticated-looking electronic hardware massed down one wall in addition to a cardiac visual [show] monitor and the usual paraphernalia of an intensive care unit .

Delaney turned back to the electronic display .
delaney turned back to the electronic [show] .

Her eye caught something on the video display , the shock transferring to Delaney .
her eye caught something on the video [show] , the shock transferring to delaney .

Grant had watched them standing in front of the electronic display , puzzling at the excessive time they seemed to be wasting .
grant had watched them standing in front of the electronic [show] , puzzling at the excessive time they seemed to be wasting .

After that display of high temper , Zacco would n't send for him , even if sober .
after that [show] of high temper , zacco would n't send for him , even if sober .

They may be openly on display , or totally hidden by pubic hair .
they may be openly on [show] , or totally hidden by pubic hair .

Like many earnest campaigns , the society raised moral indignation over a period of three years when a ‘ naked ’ papier mâché horse was put on display in a Manhattan airline office ; the horse was quickly removed and an apology was sent as speedily .
like many earnest campaigns , the society raised moral indignation over a period of three years when a ‘ naked ’ papier mâché horse was put on [show] in a manhattan airline office ; the horse was quickly removed and an apology was sent as speedily .

The Rangers also perform musical rides and have a display team as well as a trumpet band .
the rangers also perform musical rides and have a [show] team as well as a trumpet band .

Myriads of living Butterflies display their delicate beauty in a Tropical Garden , at this Entomological Zoo .
myriads of living butterflies [show] their delicate beauty in a tropical garden , at this entomological zoo .

— a museum display of old Stuart Crystal glass and artefacts
— a museum [show] of old stuart crystal glass and artefacts

Take a stroll along the beautiful Wye Valley line , see the fascinating railway exhibition or a craft display , stop for tea on Platform 2 and watch the world go by .
take a stroll along the beautiful wye valley line , see the fascinating railway exhibition or a craft [show] , stop for tea on platform 2 and watch the world go by .

Two centuries , thousands of lives , in a museum where the building is a part of the display , where the feet of visitors follow the path of the people who once worked the canals .
two centuries , thousands of lives , in a museum where the building is a part of the [show] , where the feet of visitors follow the path of the people who once worked the canals .

William Waldorf Astor made the collection in Italy and brought it to Hever where it forms a magnificent sight among the glorious display of shrubs and climbing and herbaceous plants .
william waldorf astor made the collection in italy and brought it to hever where it forms a magnificent sight among the glorious [show] of shrubs and climbing and herbaceous plants .

Experience the Guinness World of Records , Europe 's greatest three dimensional display of all that is superlative around the globe .
experience the guinness world of records , europe 's greatest three dimensional [show] of all that is superlative around the globe .

Enjoy the fun of the ‘ greatest leaps ’ display which illustrates that the leap of a kangaroo is double that of the human Olympic record . The frog makes a respectable showing , the flea , however , is better at the high jump !
enjoy the fun of the ‘ greatest leaps ’ [show] which illustrates that the leap of a kangaroo is double that of the human olympic record . the frog makes a respectable showing , the flea , however , is better at the high jump !

The multi-screen computer and the Sports Recall Data Bank enable you to select your choice of sporting records , then meet the sporting greats , presented in an exciting multi-media display .
the multi-screen computer and the sports recall data bank enable you to select your choice of sporting records , then meet the sporting greats , presented in an exciting multi-media [show] .

Visit the Living History Model to see Lewes ' fascinating past recreated by an audio-visual display and superb scale model .
visit the living history model to see lewes ' fascinating past recreated by an audio-visual [show] and superb scale model .

The programme includes the world-famous display by the massed Pipes and Drums .
the programme includes the world-famous [show] by the massed pipes and drums .

The weighing , recording and allocation of prizes goes on until about 4pm , when the winning berries go on display until 7.30pm .
the weighing , recording and allocation of prizes goes on until about 4pm , when the winning berries go on [show] until 7.30pm .

This would explain the display to householders ; by bringing the figure to their door , the bearers were bringing the luck associated with it .
this would explain the [show] to householders ; by bringing the figure to their door , the bearers were bringing the luck associated with it .

The system will use a display format derived from the Canadian Telidon standard .
the system will use a [show] format derived from the canadian telidon standard .

Division Broadcast of Leicester has spent 10 years building up goodwill for its Digivision range of colour and monochrome display monitors for computers .
division broadcast of leicester has spent 10 years building up goodwill for its digivision range of colour and monochrome [show] monitors for computers .

Apart from the nematode trapping fungus ( too small to display ) there are living examples of all the traps .
apart from the nematode trapping fungus ( too small to [show] ) there are living examples of all the traps .

In his book Defence in Animals , Malcolm Edmunds cites the African grasshopper Phymateus which relies upon camouflage for primary defence but produces a dramatic warning display once a predator approaches , opening its orange and crimson hind wings and exuding a noxious fluid .
in his book defence in animals , malcolm edmunds cites the african grasshopper phymateus which relies upon camouflage for primary defence but produces a dramatic warning [show] once a predator approaches , opening its orange and crimson hind wings and exuding a noxious fluid .

The computer can be slowed down so that each step it takes can be followed on the display of lights .
the computer can be slowed down so that each step it takes can be followed on the [show] of lights .

At the centre , dispatchers keep track of taxis on monitor screens , which can display up to five cabs per pole .
at the centre , dispatchers keep track of taxis on monitor screens , which can [show] up to five cabs per pole .

What this means is that the opportunity to make worthwhile teaching points , about the subject matter on display , will be missed .
what this means is that the opportunity to make worthwhile teaching points , about the subject matter on [show] , will be missed .

Nearly all undergraduate texts on special relativity attempt to display the novel physical concepts of the theory at minimal mathematical cost .
nearly all undergraduate texts on special relativity attempt to [show] the novel physical concepts of the theory at minimal mathematical cost .

The company chose Spanish-speaking Americans as its target market , but the watch 's memory can display common phrases in five different languages on a screen over the time display .
the company chose spanish-speaking americans as its target market , but the watch 's memory can [show] common phrases in five different languages on a screen over the time [show] .

It has nine keyboards , with visual display units ( VDUs ) for entering text and layout instructions .
it has nine keyboards , with visual [show] units ( vdus ) for entering text and layout instructions .

LCDs are built up from segments ; only a few are needed for a calculator display .
lcds are built up from segments ; only a few are needed for a calculator [show] .

These manufacturers have pushed up the resolution a little by breaking the display into submatrices , addressed separately , but connected to give a unified picture .
these manufacturers have pushed up the resolution a little by breaking the [show] into submatrices , addressed separately , but connected to give a unified picture .

In theory the display could be huge , if only a perfect , large semiconductor substrate could be made .
in theory the [show] could be huge , if only a perfect , large semiconductor substrate could be made .

When a voltage is applied across the cell electrodes ( 1a ) the molecular axis is realigned perpendicular to the face of the display .
when a voltage is applied across the cell electrodes ( 1a ) the molecular axis is realigned perpendicular to the face of the [show] .

The light blocked by the polariser on the other hand never sees the reflector and a dark display results .
the light blocked by the polariser on the other hand never sees the reflector and a dark [show] results .

The electrons must be multiplied in a cascade of closely space plate electrodes before they hit the phosphor , to give a bright enough display .
the electrons must be multiplied in a cascade of closely space plate electrodes before they hit the phosphor , to give a bright enough [show] .

the Egyptians moved the 48 m ship to a purpose-built museum alongside the King 's pyramid and put her on display last year .
the egyptians moved the 48 m ship to a purpose-built museum alongside the king 's pyramid and put her on [show] last year .

The computer can be programmed to display immediately the number of nuclei that are abnormally stained .
the computer can be programmed to [show] immediately the number of nuclei that are abnormally stained .

It is now on display ( along with the liner Queen Mary ) at Long Beach , California .
it is now on [show] ( along with the liner queen mary ) at long beach , california .

Reversing staircases are embroidered with stripes , Rubin 's ambiguous vase/faces emerge from the tottering black-and-white brick walls of Munsterberg 's illusion , reversing cubes become whole reversing sets of vase/faces , in a display of graphic virtuosity which is dazzling in every sense .
reversing staircases are embroidered with stripes , rubin 's ambiguous vase/faces emerge from the tottering black-and-white brick walls of munsterberg 's illusion , reversing cubes become whole reversing sets of vase/faces , in a [show] of graphic virtuosity which is dazzling in every sense .

For this reason , zeolites display some features in common with such diverse systems as ion exchange resins , semiconductors , and aqueous solutions of salts .
for this reason , zeolites [show] some features in common with such diverse systems as ion exchange resins , semiconductors , and aqueous solutions of salts .

If the transaction is in order , the display on the terminal writes oui ’ , and prints out a receipt .
if the transaction is in order , the [show] on the terminal writes oui ’ , and prints out a receipt .

If you slowly unseal one of those self-seal envelopes in the dark , you will be rewarded with a tiny firework display .
if you slowly unseal one of those self-seal envelopes in the dark , you will be rewarded with a tiny firework [show] .

The reclamation venture provides just one example of the resourcefulness which engineers have to display to succeed in tin mining in Cornwall .
the reclamation venture provides just one example of the resourcefulness which engineers have to [show] to succeed in tin mining in cornwall .

Consumers can push buttons on a display unit to see how much electricity , gas or water they have used , what it is costing them , and how big their next bill is likely to be .
consumers can push buttons on a [show] unit to see how much electricity , gas or water they have used , what it is costing them , and how big their next bill is likely to be .

This display of aesthetic preference is not absolute , but probabilistic : given a choice between two colours that we know from learning experiments they can distinguish reliably — purple and blue , for example — the bees will choose their favourite , purple , only 70 per cent of the time rather than 100 per cent .
this [show] of aesthetic preference is not absolute , but probabilistic : given a choice between two colours that we know from learning experiments they can distinguish reliably — purple and blue , for example — the bees will choose their favourite , purple , only 70 per cent of the time rather than 100 per cent .

The apparent complexity of the formidable navigational behaviour that many insects display is , in fact , based on the interplay of groups of subroutines which are themselves quite simple .
the apparent complexity of the formidable navigational behaviour that many insects [show] is , in fact , based on the interplay of groups of subroutines which are themselves quite simple .

( such an outward display of scepticism towards foreign achievement was later to greet the news of Sputnik 1 . )
( such an outward [show] of scepticism towards foreign achievement was later to greet the news of sputnik 1 . )

To know that a particular animal dance , or brightly coloured display , operates as a territorial device or as a sexual arousal mechanism does not make it any less beautiful .
to know that a particular animal dance , or brightly coloured [show] , operates as a territorial device or as a sexual arousal mechanism does not make it any less beautiful .

Another , equally ingenious , theory sees the black and white coats as a display , not for predators or for fellow zebras but instead for insect pests .
another , equally ingenious , theory sees the black and white coats as a [show] , not for predators or for fellow zebras but instead for insect pests .

Termites , ants , bees and wasps display various forms of this caste system , all of which show a level of social differentiation that can not be found among any vertebrate species other than man himself .
termites , ants , bees and wasps [show] various forms of this caste system , all of which show a level of social differentiation that can not be found among any vertebrate species other than man himself .

It is to the reptiles themselves one must turn to find the greatest display of armoured scales that are all-enveloping , protecting their wearers over the whole surface of the body .
it is to the reptiles themselves one must turn to find the greatest [show] of armoured scales that are all-enveloping , protecting their wearers over the whole surface of the body .

This katydid ( opposite ) , a kind of grasshopper , stands on its head to display its own version of a warning display .
this katydid ( opposite ) , a kind of grasshopper , stands on its head to [show] its own version of a warning [show] .

Clearly , though , despite these few shortcomings , the warning display is a useful one .
clearly , though , despite these few shortcomings , the warning [show] is a useful one .

If this , combined with its vivid display of black and white fur , does not deter the enemy , it may then start swaying its body back and forth as if cranking itself up for action .
if this , combined with its vivid [show] of black and white fur , does not deter the enemy , it may then start swaying its body back and forth as if cranking itself up for action .

For these reasons , some prey species possess display markings that confuse their heads and tails .
for these reasons , some prey species possess [show] markings that confuse their heads and tails .

Some fish go a step further and display not one but a pair of false eyes .
some fish go a step further and [show] not one but a pair of false eyes .

The spit and hiss of a cornered cat may startle an attacker because of its suddenness and also because it is reminiscent of the threat display of a venomous snake .
the spit and hiss of a cornered cat may startle an attacker because of its suddenness and also because it is reminiscent of the threat [show] of a venomous snake .

It is not hard to guess why this sudden display is so effective .
it is not hard to guess why this sudden [show] is so effective .

Well camouflaged stick insects , whose concealment has for once failed to work and who are about to be snapped at by a hungry predator , will suddenly flick open their brightly coloured wings in a dramatically unexpected display that may shock the enemy into retreat .
well camouflaged stick insects , whose concealment has for once failed to work and who are about to be snapped at by a hungry predator , will suddenly flick open their brightly coloured wings in a dramatically unexpected [show] that may shock the enemy into retreat .

Many a harmless animal manages to transform itself , with a sudden display , into what appears to be a vicious killer — a scorpion , a snake , or a bird of prey .
many a harmless animal manages to transform itself , with a sudden [show] , into what appears to be a vicious killer — a scorpion , a snake , or a bird of prey .

By far the most common form of startle display involves the sudden exposure of a large pair of eyes .
by far the most common form of startle [show] involves the sudden exposure of a large pair of eyes .

Less well known than the cobra eye-spot display is a similar action by certain kinds of toads .
less well known than the cobra eye-spot [show] is a similar action by certain kinds of toads .

The colourful animals — naked , marine snails — often display clusters of finger-shaped bladders along their upper surfaces .
the colourful animals — naked , marine snails — often [show] clusters of finger-shaped bladders along their upper surfaces .

This is a crude form of distraction display , but it can not be developed much further because of the context in which it occurs .
this is a crude form of distraction [show] , but it can not be developed much further because of the context in which it occurs .

For the rest something else is needed , and that is where the distraction display comes into operation .
for the rest something else is needed , and that is where the distraction [show] comes into operation .

The combination of inconspicuous nest , conspicuous display and easy terrain , makes this the ideal context for this type of reaction .
the combination of inconspicuous nest , conspicuous [show] and easy terrain , makes this the ideal context for this type of reaction .

The display must be more than just conspicuous .
the [show] must be more than just conspicuous .

The most remarkable phase of this sequence is the ‘ super-prey ’ display .
the most remarkable phase of this sequence is the ‘ super-prey ’ [show] .

These have been christened the ‘ broken-wing ’ display and the ‘ rodent-run ’ .
these have been christened the ‘ broken-wing ’ [show] and the ‘ rodent-run ’ .

Its feathers are ruffled , as those of a genuinely sick bird would be , and this ruffling often exposes bright patches of plumage that add to the conspicuousness of the display .
its feathers are ruffled , as those of a genuinely sick bird would be , and this ruffling often exposes bright patches of plumage that add to the conspicuousness of the [show] .

If the parent bird is aquatic and is making its display on water , it may turn on its side , flap one wing awkwardly in the air and paddle itself in a circle as if it is hopelessly crippled .
if the parent bird is aquatic and is making its [show] on water , it may turn on its side , flap one wing awkwardly in the air and paddle itself in a circle as if it is hopelessly crippled .

Indeed a Galapagos dove was seen to perform a distraction display on an island where there had been no predators for countless years .
indeed a galapagos dove was seen to perform a distraction [show] on an island where there had been no predators for countless years .

Many ground-nesting birds employ a distraction display that draws an approaching predator away from the nest-site where vulnerable eggs or chicks are situated .
many ground-nesting birds employ a distraction [show] that draws an approaching predator away from the nest-site where vulnerable eggs or chicks are situated .

The display , seen here performed by a thick-knee ( top ) , a kildeer ( above ) and a semi-palmated plover ( opposite , top and bottom ) , usually consists of a simulated injury — the body is rolled on one side and an apparently broken wing trailed along the ground .
the [show] , seen here performed by a thick-knee ( top ) , a kildeer ( above ) and a semi-palmated plover ( opposite , top and bottom ) , usually consists of a simulated injury — the body is rolled on one side and an apparently broken wing trailed along the ground .

The ‘ rodent-run ’ display takes an entirely different form and is employed especially where the local predatory species are always on the alert for small rats , mice , or lemmings .
the ‘ rodent-run ’ [show] takes an entirely different form and is employed especially where the local predatory species are always on the alert for small rats , mice , or lemmings .

The bravery of a parent bird when defending its nest is remarkable , as is proved by this blacksmith plover 's display towards an intruding elephant .
the bravery of a parent bird when defending its nest is remarkable , as is proved by this blacksmith plover 's [show] towards an intruding elephant .

The little bird is dwarfed by the giant pachyderm , but does not hesitate to perform its distraction display at close quarters .
the little bird is dwarfed by the giant pachyderm , but does not hesitate to perform its distraction [show] at close quarters .

There are many minor variations , from species to species , but these two types of distraction display are the basic forms .
there are many minor variations , from species to species , but these two types of distraction [show] are the basic forms .

No crude display will suffice to decoy them .
no crude [show] will suffice to decoy them .

Here selection has favoured display developments that make the birds look not fearsome but disabled .
here selection has favoured [show] developments that make the birds look not fearsome but disabled .

This has produced the ‘ broken-wing ’ display .
this has produced the ‘ broken-wing ’ [show] .

They are the favourite prey of certain predatory fish and the male parent is reputed to perform a distraction display at certain times .
they are the favourite prey of certain predatory fish and the male parent is reputed to perform a distraction [show] at certain times .

Many species have been observed to indulge in this strange mobbing display , including finches , tits , buntings , warblers , blackbirds , thrushes and even little hummingbirds .
many species have been observed to indulge in this strange mobbing [show] , including finches , tits , buntings , warblers , blackbirds , thrushes and even little hummingbirds .

The excitement is contagious , with many new birds arriving and performing the mobbing display without even seeing the bird of prey that is causing the commotion .
the excitement is contagious , with many new birds arriving and performing the mobbing [show] without even seeing the bird of prey that is causing the commotion .

If a large predatory bird sits in a conspicuous position it may find itself being mobbed by smaller birds , which call , display , and even attempt to dive-bomb it with pecking attacks .
if a large predatory bird sits in a conspicuous position it may find itself being mobbed by smaller birds , which call , [show] , and even attempt to dive-bomb it with pecking attacks .

And this , of course , is the function of the combined display onslaught .
and this , of course , is the function of the combined [show] onslaught .

The parent of a new-born child is not providing all the input for a mind blank of any social or moral bias , but is dealing with a personality that will display a bundle of mixed motives and behaviour .
the parent of a new-born child is not providing all the input for a mind blank of any social or moral bias , but is dealing with a personality that will [show] a bundle of mixed motives and behaviour .

The horn was taken to Caprington and is still on display in the castle .
the horn was taken to caprington and is still on [show] in the castle .

It was buried in the rose garden at Dunure Mains but such was its fame that 4 years later the body was exhumed and taken to Kelvingrove Museum , Glasgow , where the skeleton is still on display , accompanied by an account of the legal battle over ownership of the horse .
it was buried in the rose garden at dunure mains but such was its fame that 4 years later the body was exhumed and taken to kelvingrove museum , glasgow , where the skeleton is still on [show] , accompanied by an account of the legal battle over ownership of the horse .

Until the regionalisation of local government in 1975 , the papingo trophy was on display in Kilwinning Town Chambers but when the local council ceased to exist , the piece of historic silverware was placed in safe-keeping to await the selection of a new home .
until the regionalisation of local government in 1975 , the papingo trophy was on [show] in kilwinning town chambers but when the local council ceased to exist , the piece of historic silverware was placed in safe-keeping to await the selection of a new home .

Fortunately , this magnificent and irreplaceable part of Ayrshire 's heritage is now on permanent display to the public in Kilwinning 's new public library .
fortunately , this magnificent and irreplaceable part of ayrshire 's heritage is now on permanent [show] to the public in kilwinning 's new public library .

We are helping the individual , whether adult or young person , to gain meaning from the vast display of information , opinion , and activity that constitutes our daily lives .
we are helping the individual , whether adult or young person , to gain meaning from the vast [show] of information , opinion , and activity that constitutes our daily lives .

This is hardly surprising since one of the major activities of childhood is coming to terms with emotions , managing emotions , and establishing to what extent our own society , community , or family finds the display of emotions acceptable .
this is hardly surprising since one of the major activities of childhood is coming to terms with emotions , managing emotions , and establishing to what extent our own society , community , or family finds the [show] of emotions acceptable .

He ordered the captain to display the royal standard on the stem , just in case the French believed they were pirates , as the ‘ Saint Andrew ’ began to run down alongside the galley .
he ordered the captain to [show] the royal standard on the stem , just in case the french believed they were pirates , as the ‘ saint andrew ’ began to run down alongside the galley .

Gardens open to the public could also label the most dangerous plants on display — zoos , after all , take care to protect visitors from the tigers , crocodiles or snakes .
gardens open to the public could also label the most dangerous plants on [show] — zoos , after all , take care to protect visitors from the tigers , crocodiles or snakes .

The display was a mock-up of an alloy , double wishbone suspension system for a Porsche model due next year — the 933 facelift of the 911 Carrera 2 and 4 .
the [show] was a mock-up of an alloy , double wishbone suspension system for a porsche model due next year — the 933 facelift of the 911 carrera 2 and 4 .

An excellent air conditioning system , independently variable between the driver 's and passenger 's sides and fitted as standard , improves on an already good ventilation system , although its controls and high-tech graphic display are not easy to understand at a glance .
an excellent air conditioning system , independently variable between the driver 's and passenger 's sides and fitted as standard , improves on an already good ventilation system , although its controls and high-tech graphic [show] are not easy to understand at a glance .

Among cars currently on display is the late Hugh Hunter 's Siddeley , nicknamed Daisy ( he left £20,000 to the museum which is being used to refurbish the Campbell Shed ) , and the Duesenberg which belongs to Denis Jenkinson ( ‘ Jenks ’ of Motor Sport fame ) .
among cars currently on [show] is the late hugh hunter 's siddeley , nicknamed daisy ( he left £20,000 to the museum which is being used to refurbish the campbell shed ) , and the duesenberg which belongs to denis jenkinson ( ‘ jenks ’ of motor sport fame ) .

It 's the way it combines it with a ‘ look ’ as striking and individual as any on the road today , both inside and out : from the inverted half-moon headlights to the reprioritised facia with its straight-ahead warning light strip and digital speed , fuel and range display on the centre console ; from the impossibly sporting rake of the bonnet and windscreen to the way the rear seat is set on runners to offer the maximum degree of flexibility between legroom and luggage space .
it 's the way it combines it with a ‘ look ’ as striking and individual as any on the road today , both inside and out : from the inverted half-moon headlights to the reprioritised facia with its straight-ahead warning light strip and digital speed , fuel and range [show] on the centre console ; from the impossibly sporting rake of the bonnet and windscreen to the way the rear seat is set on runners to offer the maximum degree of flexibility between legroom and luggage space .

The twelve cameos , each written to display the talents of individual instrumentalists , made an enchanting effect .
the twelve cameos , each written to [show] the talents of individual instrumentalists , made an enchanting effect .

Watercolours predominate in the three-floor display , withe subjects from extremely local townscapes such as architect Jack Chamberlain 's studies of Alton 's market square , White House and museum square to the abstract — as an Alton artist Len Wilding 's vividly coloured Galaxy .
watercolours predominate in the three-floor [show] , withe subjects from extremely local townscapes such as architect jack chamberlain 's studies of alton 's market square , white house and museum square to the abstract — as an alton artist len wilding 's vividly coloured galaxy .

Juliet Chamberlain , who shares the ground floor with her husband , also exhibits local scenes as well as evidence from both parties of the Upton Grey couple 's recent trip to the Far East , and she also has on display a wealth of floral studies in pastel .
juliet chamberlain , who shares the ground floor with her husband , also exhibits local scenes as well as evidence from both parties of the upton grey couple 's recent trip to the far east , and she also has on [show] a wealth of floral studies in pastel .

Three dimensional works are represented too , with a display of Juliet Chamberlain 's hand painted china , bedecked with pretty humming birds and water lilies , while Len Wilding shows a selection of terracotta clay figures and heads .
three dimensional works are represented too , with a [show] of juliet chamberlain 's hand painted china , bedecked with pretty humming birds and water lilies , while len wilding shows a selection of terracotta clay figures and heads .

But , kicking against the strong wind , the Oak defended well to keep the deficit to 1–0 and they came back with a strong display in the second half .
but , kicking against the strong wind , the oak defended well to keep the deficit to 1–0 and they came back with a strong [show] in the second half .

Despite the blustery conditions , Aldershot 's under-15 team turned in a fine display of attacking football to record a well-merited victory on Saturday .
despite the blustery conditions , aldershot 's under-15 team turned in a fine [show] of attacking football to record a well-merited victory on saturday .

Alresford gave a devastating display of running rugby , scoring 12 tries in all , including hat-tricks from prop Bill Witchard and fly-half Chris Holmes .
alresford gave a devastating [show] of running rugby , scoring 12 tries in all , including hat-tricks from prop bill witchard and fly-half chris holmes .

Ani and Paul regularly display their work in Farnham — including the monthly market in Farnham Maltings .
ani and paul regularly [show] their work in farnham — including the monthly market in farnham maltings .

Mr Fennell had it built specially to display some of his treasures — now in the big museum in Paris .
mr fennell had it built specially to [show] some of his treasures — now in the big museum in paris .

In a corner of the Salon Imperial of the Hotel Intercontinental , Paris , Harriet Varna braced her back against a statuesque pillar and looked steadily into the viewfinder of her camera , concentrating on her subjects so fiercely that she was almost oblivious to the electric atmosphere that surrounded her , bouncing off the Viennese décor and the sumptuous rococo ceiling along with the heat and the light as the models of the House of Saint Laurent moved gracefully along the hundred yards of catwalk to display the new season 's couture collection .
in a corner of the salon imperial of the hotel intercontinental , paris , harriet varna braced her back against a statuesque pillar and looked steadily into the viewfinder of her camera , concentrating on her subjects so fiercely that she was almost oblivious to the electric atmosphere that surrounded her , bouncing off the viennese décor and the sumptuous rococo ceiling along with the heat and the light as the models of the house of saint laurent moved gracefully along the hundred yards of catwalk to [show] the new season 's couture collection .

What about the sweatshops of Korea , or the rich Kuwaiti women who buy merely for their own pleasure and hide their couture gowns under their abayas because they are not allowed to display themselves … it 's a far cry from the fashion world as it is usually depicted , it could make fascinating copy .
what about the sweatshops of korea , or the rich kuwaiti women who buy merely for their own pleasure and hide their couture gowns under their abayas because they are not allowed to [show] themselves … it 's a far cry from the fashion world as it is usually depicted , it could make fascinating copy .

They express a wide range of emotions and feelings to which we can readily relate : expectantly waiting for their master or mistress to return home , display of affectionate greetings , or excitement when it comes time to go out for a walk or prepare their food .
they express a wide range of emotions and feelings to which we can readily relate : expectantly waiting for their master or mistress to return home , [show] of affectionate greetings , or excitement when it comes time to go out for a walk or prepare their food .

Creatures often seem to have gone out of their way to find him and display themselves to him .
creatures often seem to have gone out of their way to find him and [show] themselves to him .

The music will upset no-one who takes his Bartók neat , being a wide-ranging display of the wonders of modern musical eclecticism : quite interesting up to a point , a kind of ‘ Hindemith meets Korngold on a foggy night in Detroit ’ mixture , but utterly unconvincing as a work of art .
the music will upset no-one who takes his bartók neat , being a wide-ranging [show] of the wonders of modern musical eclecticism : quite interesting up to a point , a kind of ‘ hindemith meets korngold on a foggy night in detroit ’ mixture , but utterly unconvincing as a work of art .

The major speed merchants are Katsaris on Teldec ( admittedly quite stunning as a technical display ) , and Szekeley on Naxos ( who at least allows the more reflective passages some room for manoeuvre ) , to whom Ashkenazy ( despite innumerable memorable turns of phrase ) , and Entremont can be added on the percussive front .
the major speed merchants are katsaris on teldec ( admittedly quite stunning as a technical [show] ) , and szekeley on naxos ( who at least allows the more reflective passages some room for manoeuvre ) , to whom ashkenazy ( despite innumerable memorable turns of phrase ) , and entremont can be added on the percussive front .

Assurances were given that the tests were not designed to show that men or women are in some way ‘ better ’ than each other , but to trace and display managerial traits and aptitudes .
assurances were given that the tests were not designed to show that men or women are in some way ‘ better ’ than each other , but to trace and [show] managerial traits and aptitudes .

Boys appear to outnumber girls by about five to one , but it may be that girls with the problem are less overtly hyperactive , and tend to display more subtle symptoms , such as inattention , speech disorders and mood changes , which may not always be identified as hyperkinetic syndrome .
boys appear to outnumber girls by about five to one , but it may be that girls with the problem are less overtly hyperactive , and tend to [show] more subtle symptoms , such as inattention , speech disorders and mood changes , which may not always be identified as hyperkinetic syndrome .

GaAs was first used successfully in the 1960s for instrument applications such as light-emitting diodes , lasers , visual display units and audio disc players .
gaas was first used successfully in the 1960s for instrument applications such as light-emitting diodes , lasers , visual [show] units and audio disc players .

Molcad , an interactive graphics program for the display and manipulation of molecular structures , is now available from Tripos Associates .
molcad , an interactive graphics program for the [show] and manipulation of molecular structures , is now available from tripos associates .

In providing reasonable access to a representative range of published material , a librarian is required to take note of the needs and interests of the public as a whole ; from time to time pressures , which this Association would feel to be undue , have been brought to bear on a librarian to discontinue the acquisition and display of material , which is thought to be unacceptable and which thus might prohibit the service to certain minorities whose interests the libraries are equally supposed to serve .
in providing reasonable access to a representative range of published material , a librarian is required to take note of the needs and interests of the public as a whole ; from time to time pressures , which this association would feel to be undue , have been brought to bear on a librarian to discontinue the acquisition and [show] of material , which is thought to be unacceptable and which thus might prohibit the service to certain minorities whose interests the libraries are equally supposed to serve .

The fate of Henry Scott may yet prove to be a salutary lesson to those local authorities intending to expand their programmes of publishing homosexual-related literature , nor should librarians ignore this piece of history if they display homosexual literature amongst their new acquisitions or publish a booklist of homosexual literature .
the fate of henry scott may yet prove to be a salutary lesson to those local authorities intending to expand their programmes of publishing homosexual-related literature , nor should librarians ignore this piece of history if they [show] homosexual literature amongst their new acquisitions or publish a booklist of homosexual literature .

Tail fully erect with the tip stiffly vertical An intense greeting display with no reservations .
tail fully erect with the tip stiffly vertical an intense greeting [show] with no reservations .

The kitten 's signal is an invitation to the mother cat to inspect its rear end , so there is an element of subordination in this display , as there is in most greeting ceremonies .
the kitten 's signal is an invitation to the mother cat to inspect its rear end , so there is an element of subordination in this [show] , as there is in most greeting ceremonies .

What makes the sex distribution of these cats so odd is that normally only a female kitten can display black patches inherited from one parent and red tabby patches inherited from the other .
what makes the sex distribution of these cats so odd is that normally only a female kitten can [show] black patches inherited from one parent and red tabby patches inherited from the other .

If you visit a major cat show today you will find that there are about fifty breeds on display there , in addition to the many different colour forms and ‘ sub-breeds ’ , all minor variations of well-established breeds , which need not concern us here .
if you visit a major cat show today you will find that there are about fifty breeds on [show] there , in addition to the many different colour forms and ‘ sub-breeds ’ , all minor variations of well-established breeds , which need not concern us here .

The questionnaire on page 35 of this booklet should be completed and handed in at the Sport and Recreation Display on enrolment day or at the Sports ' Centre Reception .
the questionnaire on page 35 of this booklet should be completed and handed in at the sport and recreation [show] on enrolment day or at the sports ' centre reception .

cause offensive display directly or indirectly ;
cause offensive [show] directly or indirectly ;

Transputers for Geometric Modelling : Parallel algorithms for use in graphics application ; Manipulation and display of a model held as a wire line model , of a model built using constructive solid geometry and of a model based on the spatial enumeration cuboids ; Accessing pixel-based data in an ordering which is that of a cubic spiral .
transputers for geometric modelling : parallel algorithms for use in graphics application ; manipulation and [show] of a model held as a wire line model , of a model built using constructive solid geometry and of a model based on the spatial enumeration cuboids ; accessing pixel-based data in an ordering which is that of a cubic spiral .

Electronic Display Panels : Development of electroluminescent display panels with integrated drive electronics ; Electrical and photoelectric properties of thin films .
electronic [show] panels : development of electroluminescent [show] panels with integrated drive electronics ; electrical and photoelectric properties of thin films .

Information of current interest or related to the ward learning programme can be presented in a display form .
information of current interest or related to the ward learning programme can be presented in a [show] form .

Is the visual display area adequate ?
is the visual [show] area adequate ?

Chart display .
chart [show] .

Felt board/Magnet board display .
felt board/magnet board [show] .

Both these boards allow for movement of the display ; they are therefore very good for the rearrangement of sequences , e.g .
both these boards allow for movement of the [show] ; they are therefore very good for the rearrangement of sequences , e.g .

Display of the goods .
[show] of the goods .

Nursing procedures can be shown effectively in display form , e.g .
nursing procedures can be shown effectively in [show] form , e.g .

However , of primary importance is the portfolio of work presented at interview , which should display evidence of high potential creative ability and accomplishment in drawing as well as two and three-dimensional work .
however , of primary importance is the portfolio of work presented at interview , which should [show] evidence of high potential creative ability and accomplishment in drawing as well as two and three-dimensional work .

‘ To the untutored view a greater or more imposing display is necessary to afford pleasure .
‘ to the untutored view a greater or more imposing [show] is necessary to afford pleasure .

Visit our display of objects , large and small , which demonstrate the workings of the railway system .
visit our [show] of objects , large and small , which demonstrate the workings of the railway system .

Acknowledgement of your seat donation on permanent display in the theatre .
acknowledgement of your seat donation on permanent [show] in the theatre .

Many aircraft on display including :
many aircraft on [show] including :

To the rear one can enjoy a farming display area .
to the rear one can enjoy a farming [show] area .

The display of wealth and power and the pure delight in architecture too , have all found expression in historic buildings and their surroundings .
the [show] of wealth and power and the pure delight in architecture too , have all found expression in historic buildings and their surroundings .

On display is something to interest everyone , from the wartime Meteor to the supersonic Lightning , including such classics as the Vulcan , Canberra , Hunter and Starfighter .
on [show] is something to interest everyone , from the wartime meteor to the supersonic lightning , including such classics as the vulcan , canberra , hunter and starfighter .

This year sees the installation of a new display on the deserted medieval village which will feature permanent display panels on the general history of the site plus an annually changing display on a particular aspect of this fascinating local story .
this year sees the installation of a new [show] on the deserted medieval village which will feature permanent [show] panels on the general history of the site plus an annually changing [show] on a particular aspect of this fascinating local story .

Village halls across the country become display areas for gas masks , air raid shelters and bomb disposal demonstrations .
village halls across the country become [show] areas for gas masks , air raid shelters and bomb disposal demonstrations .

Take a trip down memory lane , bring in your wartime photographs and stories for display .
take a trip down memory lane , bring in your wartime photographs and stories for [show] .

This fascinating display holds , and reveals to you the vital spirit which eventually triumphed in 1945 .
this fascinating [show] holds , and reveals to you the vital spirit which eventually triumphed in 1945 .

Village halls across the country become display areas for gas masks , air raid shelters and bomb disposal demonstrations .
village halls across the country become [show] areas for gas masks , air raid shelters and bomb disposal demonstrations .

Individual users can work at their own pace , repetition is possible and visual display in the form of diagrams is easy to achieve .
individual users can work at their own pace , repetition is possible and visual [show] in the form of diagrams is easy to achieve .

As online information retrieval is an interactive process , special attention must be paid to methods which permit the display and experience of this interaction .
as online information retrieval is an interactive process , special attention must be paid to methods which permit the [show] and experience of this interaction .

While lectures can be used as a stimulus or to ‘ set the scene ’ , the lecture has the severe disadvantage that without adequate equipment for display , the interactive element of online searching can not be presented .
while lectures can be used as a stimulus or to ‘ set the scene ’ , the lecture has the severe disadvantage that without adequate equipment for [show] , the interactive element of online searching can not be presented .

The Tour may now display a hero , but it 's also likely that this long and complicated race shelters a secret .
the tour may now [show] a hero , but it 's also likely that this long and complicated race shelters a secret .

Abdujaparov , Indurain and Chiappucci display their winners ' jerseys as the '91 Tour enters Paris
abdujaparov , indurain and chiappucci [show] their winners ' jerseys as the '91 tour enters paris

Some Homes display their residents ' work .
some homes [show] their residents ' work .

For the purposes of the present discussion we can say that these statistics display a number of clear patterns .
for the purposes of the present discussion we can say that these statistics [show] a number of clear patterns .

In many respects the Public School Missions , widely regarded as ‘ civilizing ’ and ‘ Christianizing ’ the community , paralleled the settlements , with an ostentatious display of social conscience and religious conviction .
in many respects the public school missions , widely regarded as ‘ civilizing ’ and ‘ christianizing ’ the community , paralleled the settlements , with an ostentatious [show] of social conscience and religious conviction .

Instead it consists of telephones , telexes , visual display units and other electronic gadgetry which link together the foreign exchange departments of banks in London and overseas .
instead it consists of telephones , telexes , visual [show] units and other electronic gadgetry which link together the foreign exchange departments of banks in london and overseas .

We can easily imagine devices by which a public memory could within modest limits reorganize itself on demand ; a catalog , or some analogous instrument , could be devised that would on request display its contents in several different arrangements .
we can easily imagine devices by which a public memory could within modest limits reorganize itself on demand ; a catalog , or some analogous instrument , could be devised that would on request [show] its contents in several different arrangements .

As time went on it became the custom for an armiger to display his cognizance on his seal , which thus became tantamount to his signature .
as time went on it became the custom for an armiger to [show] his cognizance on his seal , which thus became tantamount to his signature .

The first has been to satisfy the objective which has already been stated : to display identity by assuming ( and from the fourteenth century being granted ) arms of individual distinction .
the first has been to satisfy the objective which has already been stated : to [show] identity by assuming ( and from the fourteenth century being granted ) arms of individual distinction .

The term ‘ differencing ’ is also used in a quite distinct way from that of acknowledging feudal proximity , and that is to display family connections and descent .
the term ‘ differencing ’ is also used in a quite distinct way from that of acknowledging feudal proximity , and that is to [show] family connections and descent .

The subject is dealt with cogently and succinctly in the New Dictionary of Heraldry , and in even terser form the present practice may be stated as follows : a peer 's helm is shown as a stylised silver mêlée type , facing dexter ( that is left to the observer ) and decorated with gold bars ; the helmets of baronets and knights face the front ( affronty ) and are of the steel ‘ barrier ’ variety , with visors raised ; esquires , gentlemen ( and corporations ) display closed ‘ tilting ’ helms of steel , facing dexter .
the subject is dealt with cogently and succinctly in the new dictionary of heraldry , and in even terser form the present practice may be stated as follows : a peer 's helm is shown as a stylised silver mêlée type , facing dexter ( that is left to the observer ) and decorated with gold bars ; the helmets of baronets and knights face the front ( affronty ) and are of the steel ‘ barrier ’ variety , with visors raised ; esquires , gentlemen ( and corporations ) [show] closed ‘ tilting ’ helms of steel , facing dexter .

You wo n't feel so bad about reprimanding your youngster ( indeed , punishing him or her quite severely when the occasion merits it ) if you find the appropriate times to display your positive feelings .
you wo n't feel so bad about reprimanding your youngster ( indeed , punishing him or her quite severely when the occasion merits it ) if you find the appropriate times to [show] your positive feelings .

Bad tempered reactions to frustration leading to an awesome display of tantrums are common among toddlers , as we have seen .
bad tempered reactions to frustration leading to an awesome [show] of tantrums are common among toddlers , as we have seen .

They depend on an appropriate display of responsible behaviour , and the circumstances in which they are to be given must be made explicit .
they depend on an appropriate [show] of responsible behaviour , and the circumstances in which they are to be given must be made explicit .

During the last week of July or the first week of August every year , the Provincial Exhibition was held in Regina — a gala display of all manner of farm products , poultry and livestock , coupled with an ‘ extravaganza ’ by way of a grandstand show and horse-racing .
during the last week of july or the first week of august every year , the provincial exhibition was held in regina — a gala [show] of all manner of farm products , poultry and livestock , coupled with an ‘ extravaganza ’ by way of a grandstand show and horse-racing .

The method used in figure 9.5 is to cut the distribution in two and to display the percentage in one or other group ; here the percentages endorsing the two pessimistic response categories have been amalgamated ( it is slightly inaccurate to describe those who think the economy deteriorated in the past as ‘ pessimists ’ , but it is a convenient shorthand ) .
the method used in figure 9.5 is to cut the distribution in two and to [show] the percentage in one or other group ; here the percentages endorsing the two pessimistic response categories have been amalgamated ( it is slightly inaccurate to describe those who think the economy deteriorated in the past as ‘ pessimists ’ , but it is a convenient shorthand ) .

The general remarks on effective display made in the appendix to chapter 7 are important to recall when plotting , and some further remarks on this subject will be made in the next chapter .
the general remarks on effective [show] made in the appendix to chapter 7 are important to recall when plotting , and some further remarks on this subject will be made in the next chapter .

Many decisions about how to display the data have to be standardized within a package , and they do not always lead to sensible or pretty results .
many decisions about how to [show] the data have to be standardized within a package , and they do not always lead to sensible or pretty results .

Tufte divides the ink marks made to present a graphical display into two : data ink and chartjunk .
tufte divides the ink marks made to present a graphical [show] into two : data ink and chartjunk .

The distribution of life expectancy across countries is not symmetrical : the lower half of the distribution is more spread out than the upper half ( figure 11.7 ) ; many countries are pushing up against what looks like some kind of a ceiling of around seventy-seven years , while some poorer countries trail down in the forties and two countries ( Sierra Leone and Guinea ) even and leaf display of raw data register a staggering thirty-eight years .
the distribution of life expectancy across countries is not symmetrical : the lower half of the distribution is more spread out than the upper half ( figure 11.7 ) ; many countries are pushing up against what looks like some kind of a ceiling of around seventy-seven years , while some poorer countries trail down in the forties and two countries ( sierra leone and guinea ) even and leaf [show] of raw data register a staggering thirty-eight years .

Although he broke his regular Saturday habit and failed to score , two of Hughie 's former Bellshill school friends , Alex James and Alex Jackson , scored five goals in a breathtaking display of unfettered football , magically achieved by a forward line of five irrepressible midgets who will be forever etched in the history of Scottish football as ‘ The Wembley Wizards ’ .
although he broke his regular saturday habit and failed to score , two of hughie 's former bellshill school friends , alex james and alex jackson , scored five goals in a breathtaking [show] of unfettered football , magically achieved by a forward line of five irrepressible midgets who will be forever etched in the history of scottish football as ‘ the wembley wizards ’ .

In what amounted to a fledgling display of player-power and a dress rehearsal for the player 's campaign to secure greater freedom of contract , the Scots players argued bitterly with the Chelsea board .
in what amounted to a fledgling [show] of player-power and a dress rehearsal for the player 's campaign to secure greater freedom of contract , the scots players argued bitterly with the chelsea board .

To this day , Jim Baxter maintains that Johnstone 's display against Leeds United in Celtic 's famous European Cup semi-final is one of the most outstanding solo performances in the history of the game .
to this day , jim baxter maintains that johnstone 's [show] against leeds united in celtic 's famous european cup semi-final is one of the most outstanding solo performances in the history of the game .

In a display of breathtaking arrogance he virtually destroyed the career of the Argentinian defender Vincente Pernia , who he tormented with twisting runs and terrific ball skills .
in a [show] of breathtaking arrogance he virtually destroyed the career of the argentinian defender vincente pernia , who he tormented with twisting runs and terrific ball skills .

In a display of spiteful professionalism , the Argentinian defender pursued Johnson like a villainous Latin American stereotype from Roy Of The Rovers trying to unsettle the emotional Scot with the scurrilous taunt ‘ Droogs , droogs , Johnson swallow droogs .
in a [show] of spiteful professionalism , the argentinian defender pursued johnson like a villainous latin american stereotype from roy of the rovers trying to unsettle the emotional scot with the scurrilous taunt ‘ droogs , droogs , johnson swallow droogs .

Research in methods for cartographic display of errors , and the setting of statistical confidence limits of databases , are particularly required ’ ( Walsh et al .
research in methods for cartographic [show] of errors , and the setting of statistical confidence limits of databases , are particularly required ’ ( walsh et al .

Every other kind of map must be a ‘ map-to-read ’ and requires some study ; it is implicit in experiments carried out by Kraak ( 1989 ) that such maps are not suitable for temporary display on a computer screen .
every other kind of map must be a ‘ map-to-read ’ and requires some study ; it is implicit in experiments carried out by kraak ( 1989 ) that such maps are not suitable for temporary [show] on a computer screen .

This all presents major problems of data storage , handling ( especially for global data sets ) , display and dissemination .
this all presents major problems of data storage , handling ( especially for global data sets ) , [show] and dissemination .

They totalled seventy-six drawings and made such a lavish display , in a climate so obviously orientated towards a classical outcome , that they could almost be considered as a challenge to the sponsors with their instinctive bias towards classical architecture .
they totalled seventy-six drawings and made such a lavish [show] , in a climate so obviously orientated towards a classical outcome , that they could almost be considered as a challenge to the sponsors with their instinctive bias towards classical architecture .

George Edmund Street entered all parts of the competition with an impressive display of twenty-three drawings .
george edmund street entered all parts of the competition with an impressive [show] of twenty-three drawings .

Opposite to Street 's display in the exhibition was an even grander show which The Saturday Review thought was the product of another ‘ master hand ’ and , as it assumed that the building would be Gothic , to avoid failure the Government should employ the two architects jointly .
opposite to street 's [show] in the exhibition was an even grander show which the saturday review thought was the product of another ‘ master hand ’ and , as it assumed that the building would be gothic , to avoid failure the government should employ the two architects jointly .

Hope asked the greatest number of questions , 782 , while Tite , who seems to have been anxious to display his professional knowledge as well as counteract Hope 's stylistic bias , was a persistent questioner , with 426 questions .
hope asked the greatest number of questions , 782 , while tite , who seems to have been anxious to [show] his professional knowledge as well as counteract hope 's stylistic bias , was a persistent questioner , with 426 questions .

Justification for Scott 's impressive display in the House of Commons became apparent within a few days of his drawings being hung . He later wrote :
justification for scott 's impressive [show] in the house of commons became apparent within a few days of his drawings being hung . he later wrote :

He said that if the design of the Foreign Office were changed , the India Office would also have to be changed and urged Palmerston and Wood to do nothing during the recess that would prejudice the adoption of the designs on display .
he said that if the design of the foreign office were changed , the india office would also have to be changed and urged palmerston and wood to do nothing during the recess that would prejudice the adoption of the designs on [show] .

Refrigerated display cabinets are micro-processor controlled to ensure that they run at exactly the correct temperature — cold enough to preserve food properly , not so cold that they waste energy .
refrigerated [show] cabinets are micro-processor controlled to ensure that they run at exactly the correct temperature — cold enough to preserve food properly , not so cold that they waste energy .

All insulation in new cold stores and display cabinets is CFC-free .
all insulation in new cold stores and [show] cabinets is cfc-free .

For safety they should cooperate when local authorities display signs , warning that the seashore is dangerous .
for safety they should cooperate when local authorities [show] signs , warning that the seashore is dangerous .

Parents anxious for their children to display mature behavior were convinced that these experiences would prime them for academic success .
parents anxious for their children to [show] mature behavior were convinced that these experiences would prime them for academic success .

Children in open settings display other beneﬁts , including gains in critical thinking , greater respect for individual dierences in their classmates , and more positive attitudes toward school .
children in open settings [show] other beneﬁts , including gains in critical thinking , greater respect for individual dierences in their classmates , and more positive attitudes toward school .

Older children in preliterate communities who fail Piagetian tasks display other impressive cognitive capacities—ones required by and promoted in their culture .
older children in preliterate communities who fail piagetian tasks [show] other impressive cognitive capacities—ones required by and promoted in their culture .

For example , among the Zinacanteco Indians of southern Mexico , girls become expert weavers of complex garments through the informal guidance of adults.35 In Brazil , child street vendors with little or no schooling display sophisticated concepts of classiﬁcation and equivalence as the result of buying candy from wholesalers , pricing it with the help of adults and experienced peers , and bargaining with customers on city streets .
for example , among the zinacanteco indians of southern mexico , girls become expert weavers of complex garments through the informal guidance of adults.35 in brazil , child street vendors with little or no schooling [show] sophisticated concepts of classiﬁcation and equivalence as the result of buying candy from wholesalers , pricing it with the help of adults and experienced peers , and bargaining with customers on city streets .

Children who are repeatedly criticized , shouted at , and slapped are likely to display the unacceptable response again as soon as adults are out of sight and they can get away with it .
children who are repeatedly criticized , shouted at , and slapped are likely to [show] the unacceptable response again as soon as adults are out of sight and they can get away with it .

Children display wide individual differences in the quality of their sibling ties .
children [show] wide individual differences in the quality of their sibling ties .

Even before they begin to talk , children display a readiness to participate in narrative.55 After an adult describes and demonstrates some activity ( for example , putting a teddy bear to bed ) , 1-year-olds who as yet have little language can easily reproduce the main steps in correct sequence with toys.56 When toddlers begin to speak , their main interest is in talking about what people do and the consequences of their behavior .
even before they begin to talk , children [show] a readiness to participate in narrative.55 after an adult describes and demonstrates some activity ( for example , putting a teddy bear to bed ) , 1-year-olds who as yet have little language can easily reproduce the main steps in correct sequence with toys.56 when toddlers begin to speak , their main interest is in talking about what people do and the consequences of their behavior .

They achieve their maximum display of willpower when at their own initiative they renounce a momentary attraction in favor of rule-governed behavior.14 The paradox of make-believe is that in everyday life , when children subordinate actions to rules , they usually give up something they want—instead of keeping a treasured toy all to themselves , they share it ; instead of continuing to play , they clean up ; instead of watching more TV , they go to bed .
they achieve their maximum [show] of willpower when at their own initiative they renounce a momentary attraction in favor of rule-governed behavior.14 the paradox of make-believe is that in everyday life , when children subordinate actions to rules , they usually give up something they want—instead of keeping a treasured toy all to themselves , they share it ; instead of continuing to play , they clean up ; instead of watching more tv , they go to bed .

Their secret strategy was never to display any emotion that would give away their relationship , since a major objective of the SS was to break up families .
their secret strategy was never to [show] any emotion that would give away their relationship , since a major objective of the ss was to break up families .

Under what conditions are preschoolers most likely to display sustained attention ?
under what conditions are preschoolers most likely to [show] sustained attention ?

As children build on each other ’ s play themes , they often refer to their make-believe with mental terms by making statements like these : “ Let ’ s pretend , ” “ Let ’ s imagine , ” “ You act like a pilot , and I ’ ll make-believe I ’ m in the control tower. ” Some experts believe that this suspension of play to communicate about it marks a major change in understanding.41 Children do not just represent experiences in play ; they display awareness that make-believe is an activity in which the mind creates events .
as children build on each other ’ s play themes , they often refer to their make-believe with mental terms by making statements like these : “ let ’ s pretend , ” “ let ’ s imagine , ” “ you act like a pilot , and i ’ ll make-believe i ’ m in the control tower. ” some experts believe that this suspension of play to communicate about it marks a major change in understanding.41 children do not just represent experiences in play ; they [show] awareness that make-believe is an activity in which the mind creates events .

In the early school grades , children display an even greater capacity to create replicas of the world around them—skills that teachers may build on in extended projects , such as studying a Native American village or the wildlife of a rain forest .
in the early school grades , children [show] an even greater capacity to create replicas of the world around them—skills that teachers may build on in extended projects , such as studying a native american village or the wildlife of a rain forest .

Retailers have an incentive to stock high levels of inventory : They want both to provide sufficient display stock to attract customers—empty shelves are not inviting—and to have products available for those who wish to purchase them .
retailers have an incentive to stock high levels of inventory : they want both to provide sufficient [show] stock to attract customers—empty shelves are not inviting—and to have products available for those who wish to purchase them .

At farmers ’ markets , families would display the vegetables they grew or sell eggs from their chickens .
at farmers ’ markets , families would [show] the vegetables they grew or sell eggs from their chickens .

This means incoming shipments must adhere to a set of technological and process standards regarding the use of bar codes for labeling cartons in addition to other standards for packing , labeling , placement , shipping , and display of products .
this means incoming shipments must adhere to a set of technological and process standards regarding the use of bar codes for labeling cartons in addition to other standards for packing , labeling , placement , shipping , and [show] of products .

Once delivered , the retailer held the products in central warehouses or as inventory in individual stores ’ “ back rooms. ” When the desired time of display and sale arrived , workers stocked the product on the selling floor and replenished from store or warehouse inventories as the selling period progressed .
once delivered , the retailer held the products in central warehouses or as inventory in individual stores ’ “ back rooms. ” when the desired time of [show] and sale arrived , workers stocked the product on the selling floor and replenished from store or warehouse inventories as the selling period progressed .

In the late 1980s , Penney drew on these systems to allow corporate buyers in its Plano , Texas , headquarters to display potential products to geographically dispersed individual store merchandisers who , with store managers , had considerable autonomy within the company .
in the late 1980s , penney drew on these systems to allow corporate buyers in its plano , texas , headquarters to [show] potential products to geographically dispersed individual store merchandisers who , with store managers , had considerable autonomy within the company .

The 1880s was a decade of great prosperity , and newly wealthy New Yorkers eagerly sought out Hunt ’ s architectural blend of good taste and ostentatious display .
the 1880s was a decade of great prosperity , and newly wealthy new yorkers eagerly sought out hunt ’ s architectural blend of good taste and ostentatious [show] .

A low-rider 1969 Ford LTD called “ Dave ’ s Dream ” is on display at the Smithsonian National Museum of American History in Washington D.C. , the first and only low-rider car in the museum .
a low-rider 1969 ford ltd called “ dave ’ s dream ” is on [show] at the smithsonian national museum of american history in washington d.c. , the first and only low-rider car in the museum .

A yard shrine may be a permanent display in the form of a small chapel , a nicho ( niche ) , or a gruta ( grotto or shrine ) , set up in the front yard of a home .
a yard shrine may be a permanent [show] in the form of a small chapel , a nicho ( niche ) , or a gruta ( grotto or shrine ) , set up in the front yard of a home .

A yard shrine is a public exhibition of a family ’ s religion and their devotion to a particular saint , as well as a display of an artistic sensibility , that emerges unconsciously from the family ’ s beliefs .
a yard shrine is a public exhibition of a family ’ s religion and their devotion to a particular saint , as well as a [show] of an artistic sensibility , that emerges unconsciously from the family ’ s beliefs .

Besides planting shrubs , flowers , and sometimes grass , the gardener will bring into play the creativity that goes into decorating a yard unconsciously , with the result being a folk art display .
besides planting shrubs , flowers , and sometimes grass , the gardener will bring into play the creativity that goes into decorating a yard unconsciously , with the result being a folk art [show] .

As we were bombing Iraq , the country erupted again in a spontaneous display of unity and patriotic enthusiasm .
as we were bombing iraq , the country erupted again in a spontaneous [show] of unity and patriotic enthusiasm .

The initial resulting “ phage display ” libraries had about twenty million of the sixty-four million diVerent possible hexamer peptides .
the initial resulting “ phage [show] ” libraries had about twenty million of the sixty-four million diverent possible hexamer peptides .

Phage display is now a central part of drug discovery in many pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies .
phage [show] is now a central part of drug discovery in many pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies .

They also don ’ t seem to mind when the tranquillity of a Zen temple rock garden is shattered by recorded announcements blaring from loudspeakers parroting the information already contained in the leaflets provided at the ticket office ; when heavy-metal pop music loudly emanates from the radio of the middle-aged owner of a corner grocery store ; and when parks , gardens , and hallowed temples are ringed by garish souvenir shops whose shelves display both the tastefully understated and the hideously kitsch .
they also don ’ t seem to mind when the tranquillity of a zen temple rock garden is shattered by recorded announcements blaring from loudspeakers parroting the information already contained in the leaflets provided at the ticket office ; when heavy-metal pop music loudly emanates from the radio of the middle-aged owner of a corner grocery store ; and when parks , gardens , and hallowed temples are ringed by garish souvenir shops whose shelves [show] both the tastefully understated and the hideously kitsch .

Participate in the graceful tea ceremony or watch the dazzling display of skill in kendo ( stick fighting ) , with its impressively fierce battle cries .
participate in the graceful tea ceremony or watch the dazzling [show] of skill in kendo ( stick fighting ) , with its impressively fierce battle cries .

The Sala de Porcelana ( Porcelain Room ) is an overwhelming display of porcelain : more than 1,000 pieces from the Buen Retiro factory of the 18th century .
the sala de porcelana ( porcelain room ) is an overwhelming [show] of porcelain : more than 1,000 pieces from the buen retiro factory of the 18th century .

Swashbuckling swordsmen and jousting horsemen are commemorated here in a display of authentic battle flags , trophies , shields , and weapons .
swashbuckling swordsmen and jousting horsemen are commemorated here in a [show] of authentic battle flags , trophies , shields , and weapons .

Velázquez , Murillo , and Rubens are also represented among the hundreds of works on display .
velázquez , murillo , and rubens are also represented among the hundreds of works on [show] .

The Prado owns perhaps 10,000 paintings , but at present can only display about 10 percent of them ( the overflow is either in storage or on loan to museums around the world . )
the prado owns perhaps 10,000 paintings , but at present can only [show] about 10 percent of them ( the overflow is either in storage or on loan to museums around the world . )

On display alongside are the original sketches and studies showing the work that went into the final canvas .
on [show] alongside are the original sketches and studies showing the work that went into the final canvas .

Several of the master ’ s paintings are on display , among them A View of Toledo and Portrait of St. Peter .
several of the master ’ s paintings are on [show] , among them a view of toledo and portrait of st. peter .

In addition to the fine paintings found elsewhere in the escorial , the new museums have been created to display the great works commissioned or collected by the Spanish monarchs .
in addition to the fine paintings found elsewhere in the escorial , the new museums have been created to [show] the great works commissioned or collected by the spanish monarchs .

Most exciting of its varied collections is a display of photographs showing island scenes from before the devastating 1956 earthquake .
most exciting of its varied collections is a [show] of photographs showing island scenes from before the devastating 1956 earthquake .

A number of steamboats dating from the Victorian age until the 1920 ’ s are on display , all lovingly restored .
a number of steamboats dating from the victorian age until the 1920 ’ s are on [show] , all lovingly restored .

The water wheel and sluice gate still operate in summer , and there is a small display of artifacts used over the years ; the mill buildings themselves have been converted to a gift shop and café .
the water wheel and sluice gate still operate in summer , and there is a small [show] of artifacts used over the years ; the mill buildings themselves have been converted to a gift shop and café .

A series of neat wooden display cases hold manuscripts and personal articles of the luminaries of the Lakeland region — scripts from the hand of Robert Southey and letters written by Ruskin along with objects such as their tea cups , clogs , and purses .
a series of neat wooden [show] cases hold manuscripts and personal articles of the luminaries of the lakeland region — scripts from the hand of robert southey and letters written by ruskin along with objects such as their tea cups , clogs , and purses .

The elegant Georgian building has several rooms furnished in the 18th-century style ; on display are a number of articles that belonged to Wordsworth himself .
the elegant georgian building has several rooms furnished in the 18th-century style ; on [show] are a number of articles that belonged to wordsworth himself .

The small Chapel of St. Francis Xavier is dedicated to the 16th-century patron saint of missionaries , and has on display the elbow of the saint , along with the bones of numerous Japanese and Vietnamese martyrs .
the small chapel of st. francis xavier is dedicated to the 16th-century patron saint of missionaries , and has on [show] the elbow of the saint , along with the bones of numerous japanese and vietnamese martyrs .

These days there ’ s no more pomp under the porticos ; instead , a variety of artisans vie for display space to peddle their jewellery and leatherwork , which is often relatively original and cheap .
these days there ’ s no more pomp under the porticos ; instead , a variety of artisans vie for [show] space to peddle their jewellery and leatherwork , which is often relatively original and cheap .

All the relics on display were discovered on the island ; they range from statues and urns to priceless jewellery and coins .
all the relics on [show] were discovered on the island ; they range from statues and urns to priceless jewellery and coins .

This odd but attractive town-house , with its collection of Arawak and Carib relics , was on display at the 1889 Paris Exposition , then dismantled , brought to Martinique , and reconstructed .
this odd but attractive town-house , with its collection of arawak and carib relics , was on [show] at the 1889 paris exposition , then dismantled , brought to martinique , and reconstructed .

French- , English- , and Spanish-speaking guides at the one-room museum help explain the sobering display of relics of the once lively city .
french- , english- , and spanish-speaking guides at the one-room museum help explain the sobering [show] of relics of the once lively city .

It houses a valuable display of ceramics ranging from Seljuk times to the present .
it houses a valuable [show] of ceramics ranging from seljuk times to the present .

Its semi-circular seats , and the Prytaneum , where archaeologists found two statues of Artemis , now on display in the Selçuk Museum .
its semi-circular seats , and the prytaneum , where archaeologists found two statues of artemis , now on [show] in the selçuk museum .

Opened as a museum in 1853 , the small rooms display Knox memorabilia and the influential manuscripts from which he preached his Calvinist texts .
opened as a museum in 1853 , the small rooms [show] knox memorabilia and the influential manuscripts from which he preached his calvinist texts .

You will find a number of Mary ’ s personal effects on display .
you will find a number of mary ’ s personal effects on [show] .

The gallery rooms display some of the best in 20th-century art .
the gallery rooms [show] some of the best in 20th-century art .

Watch them at the wheel of a car : Long ago , driving became a major opportunity for the Italians to display their dramatic talents .
watch them at the wheel of a car : long ago , driving became a major opportunity for the italians to [show] their dramatic talents .

Not with the menu , but with the magnificent display sprawled across a long table as you enter : seafood antipasti , stuffed eggplant and zucchini , grilled peppers in red , yellow , and green , and whatever bounty this morning ’ s market yielded .
not with the menu , but with the magnificent [show] sprawled across a long table as you enter : seafood antipasti , stuffed eggplant and zucchini , grilled peppers in red , yellow , and green , and whatever bounty this morning ’ s market yielded .

Entering the church ’ s one large room , you are immediately struck by the lustrous white marble of the icons on display .
entering the church ’ s one large room , you are immediately struck by the lustrous white marble of the icons on [show] .

Children of all ages will also love the fabulous colours and shapes of the creatures of the deep on display at Coral World ( see page 76 ) or viewed from aboard one of Eilat ’ s special floating observatory boats .
children of all ages will also love the fabulous colours and shapes of the creatures of the deep on [show] at coral world ( see page 76 ) or viewed from aboard one of eilat ’ s special floating observatory boats .

The museum is a little dated , confusing , and often crowded — the best time to visit is at lunchtime when most large groups are having lunch — but with over 120,000 pieces on display , all between 5,000 and 1,400 years old , it is a must-see attraction during your visit .
the museum is a little dated , confusing , and often crowded — the best time to visit is at lunchtime when most large groups are having lunch — but with over 120,000 pieces on [show] , all between 5,000 and 1,400 years old , it is a must-see attraction during your visit .

Several recently refurbished rooms display over 1,700 objects found at the tomb of Tutankhamun by Howard Carter in 1922 .
several recently refurbished rooms [show] over 1,700 objects found at the tomb of tutankhamun by howard carter in 1922 .

Three coffins surrounding the king ’ s mummy are on display at the museum — the inner one is fashioned from pure gold and weighs 170 kg ( 374 lbs ) .
three coffins surrounding the king ’ s mummy are on [show] at the museum — the inner one is fashioned from pure gold and weighs 170 kg ( 374 lbs ) .

Elaborately decorated arms are also on display .
elaborately decorated arms are also on [show] .

The modern air-conditioned building is well designed , with a small number of delightful pieces on display including a striking basalt statue of Pharaoh Tutmosis III .
the modern air-conditioned building is well designed , with a small number of delightful pieces on [show] including a striking basalt statue of pharaoh tutmosis iii .

The King ’ s mummy is the only one still in situ — many others are on display in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo ( see page 26 ) .
the king ’ s mummy is the only one still in situ — many others are on [show] in the egyptian museum in cairo ( see page 26 ) .

Down in the basement is the really interesting display : an array of seismographs busily recording the movement of the vast tectonic plates deep below .
down in the basement is the really interesting [show] : an array of seismographs busily recording the movement of the vast tectonic plates deep below .

Savor the clear mountain air as you enjoy the display of fruit and vegetables from Hida farms and the flowers and nuts brought down from the hills .
savor the clear mountain air as you enjoy the [show] of fruit and vegetables from hida farms and the flowers and nuts brought down from the hills .

The houses display old farm tools and cooking utensils , and some operate as workshops where you can watch the much-vaunted local craftsmen demonstrating their skills in lacquerwork , carving , weaving , and dyeing .
the houses [show] old farm tools and cooking utensils , and some operate as workshops where you can watch the much-vaunted local craftsmen demonstrating their skills in lacquerwork , carving , weaving , and dyeing .

The Treaty of Kadesh , recorded on clay tablets on display in the Museum of the Ancient Orient in Istanbul ( see page 39 ) , is the oldest known example of an international treaty .
the treaty of kadesh , recorded on clay tablets on [show] in the museum of the ancient orient in istanbul ( see page 39 ) , is the oldest known example of an international treaty .

Some shrines display thousands of dolls brought by the faithful .
some shrines [show] thousands of dolls brought by the faithful .

Every night from the 1st to the 14th , in a highly dramatic display clearly designed to entertain , temple priests brandishing long poles with a flaming cedar ball at each end run along the front of the verandah , deliberately showering the large crowd below with burning embers .
every night from the 1st to the 14th , in a highly dramatic [show] clearly designed to entertain , temple priests brandishing long poles with a flaming cedar ball at each end run along the front of the verandah , deliberately showering the large crowd below with burning embers .

In long-exposure photographs of this display , the entire temple appears to be on fire .
in long-exposure photographs of this [show] , the entire temple appears to be on fire .

St. Anthony ’ s feastday is June 13 , when the saints ’ relics ( otherwise kept on display in the basilica ’ s Cappella del Tesoro ) are paraded through town .
st. anthony ’ s feastday is june 13 , when the saints ’ relics ( otherwise kept on [show] in the basilica ’ s cappella del tesoro ) are paraded through town .

There ’ s a marvelous view of the lake from its terraced gardens , much visited for the display of camelias , rhododendrons , and azaleas in late April and May .
there ’ s a marvelous view of the lake from its terraced gardens , much visited for the [show] of camelias , rhododendrons , and azaleas in late april and may .

Measuring 4.1 by 1.4 m ( 13 by 5 ft ) , the sheet is kept in an iron-lined silver casket placed in a marble urn and tucked away in the Museo della Sidone , and is rarely on display to the public ( with the recent exception of the Holy Year 2000 ) .
measuring 4.1 by 1.4 m ( 13 by 5 ft ) , the sheet is kept in an iron-lined silver casket placed in a marble urn and tucked away in the museo della sidone , and is rarely on [show] to the public ( with the recent exception of the holy year 2000 ) .

During the occasions that it is on display , it is brought to the chapel .
during the occasions that it is on [show] , it is brought to the chapel .

The Savoys ’ collection of more than 30,000 items is on display , including priceless treasures such as the staggering variety of statues of the Pharaohs of the period around 1500 b.c .
the savoys ’ collection of more than 30,000 items is on [show] , including priceless treasures such as the staggering variety of statues of the pharaohs of the period around 1500 b.c .

All visits to Pompeii and Herculaneum should begin or end here , since the world-famous collections beautifully display not only the paintings and mosaics buried there nearly 2,000 years ago by Mount Vesuvius , but a host of other sculptures from the region ’ s villas and temples , brought here for safe-keeping .
all visits to pompeii and herculaneum should begin or end here , since the world-famous collections beautifully [show] not only the paintings and mosaics buried there nearly 2,000 years ago by mount vesuvius , but a host of other sculptures from the region ’ s villas and temples , brought here for safe-keeping .

Both children and adults adore the Museum of Nativities ( Museo di Presepi ) , showcasing four centuries of the unique Neapolitan specialty of hand-crafted Nativity characters — an endless cast of angels , animals , peasants , shepherds , kings , and their retinue are on display .
both children and adults adore the museum of nativities ( museo di presepi ) , showcasing four centuries of the unique neapolitan specialty of hand-crafted nativity characters — an endless cast of angels , animals , peasants , shepherds , kings , and their retinue are on [show] .

The Eremo Observatory halfway up the mountain has been studying eruptions since 1845 and has an impressive display of relief plans , seismographs , and geological specimens spewed out of the volcano .
the eremo observatory halfway up the mountain has been studying eruptions since 1845 and has an impressive [show] of relief plans , seismographs , and geological specimens spewed out of the volcano .

One of the main attractions is the Parc de Bagatelle , a walled garden with the city ’ s most beautiful display of flowers .
one of the main attractions is the parc de bagatelle , a walled garden with the city ’ s most beautiful [show] of flowers .

On display is Picasso ’ s personal collection of masterworks by fellow artists Braque , Matisse , Miró , Degas , Renoir , and Rousseau .
on [show] is picasso ’ s personal collection of masterworks by fellow artists braque , matisse , miró , degas , renoir , and rousseau .

Napoleon ’ s apart­ments display the style of his empire , and a Napo­leonic museum has been installed in the Louis XV wing .
napoleon ’ s apart­ments [show] the style of his empire , and a napo­leonic museum has been installed in the louis xv wing .

Across the river Authie and a few minutes ’ drive east is the 18th-century Abbaye de Valloires , whose huge gardens display more than 5,000 species and varieties of plants , many from China and Japan , including a large collection of old-fashioned and wild roses , presented in a number of formal and informal settings .
across the river authie and a few minutes ’ drive east is the 18th-century abbaye de valloires , whose huge gardens [show] more than 5,000 species and varieties of plants , many from china and japan , including a large collection of old-fashioned and wild roses , presented in a number of formal and informal settings .

The originals of the cathedral ’ s major sculptures are on display next door in the museum of the archbishop ’ s residence , the Palais du Tau .
the originals of the cathedral ’ s major sculptures are on [show] next door in the museum of the archbishop ’ s residence , the palais du tau .

It is now on display in the museum , along with tapestries that adorned the walls of the unheated hospital wards to keep the patients warm .
it is now on [show] in the museum , along with tapestries that adorned the walls of the unheated hospital wards to keep the patients warm .

Among the several museums in Honfleur are the Musée de la Marine , with a collection of nautical treasures , housed in the 14th-century Eglise Saint-Etienne ( Quai Saint-Etienne ) ; and the Musée Eugène Boudin ( Place Erik Satie ) , with a rich display of paintings by Norman artists and visitors to Normandy .
among the several museums in honfleur are the musée de la marine , with a collection of nautical treasures , housed in the 14th-century eglise saint-etienne ( quai saint-etienne ) ; and the musée eugène boudin ( place erik satie ) , with a rich [show] of paintings by norman artists and visitors to normandy .

The promenade terminates with a spectacular display of flowers and fountains in the Jardin Albert-I .
the promenade terminates with a spectacular [show] of flowers and fountains in the jardin albert-i .

The Musée Nation­al de la Porcelaine Adrien Dubouché ( Place Winston Churchill ) traces the history of pottery , china , stoneware , and porcelain , with as many as 12,000 items on display .
the musée nation­al de la porcelaine adrien dubouché ( place winston churchill ) traces the history of pottery , china , stoneware , and porcelain , with as many as 12,000 items on [show] .

They are usually presented on a tray at your table , or in a glass-fronted display case , and you can choose as few or as many dishes as you like .
they are usually presented on a tray at your table , or in a glass-fronted [show] case , and you can choose as few or as many dishes as you like .

Choose your own fish from the display and find out how much it will cost before having it cooked .
choose your own fish from the [show] and find out how much it will cost before having it cooked .

This was the first public photo studio opened in Portugal ( during the 1850s ) , and some of the props on display are amusingly quaint .
this was the first public photo studio opened in portugal ( during the 1850s ) , and some of the props on [show] are amusingly quaint .

However , the outstanding feature is the “ archaeological garden , ” an outdoor display of relics from some of the oldest places on the island — tombstones , pieces taken from important buildings , and two splendid early-16th-century stone Manueline windows ( pick up the Quinta ’ s own leaflet for information on these ) .
however , the outstanding feature is the “ archaeological garden , ” an outdoor [show] of relics from some of the oldest places on the island — tombstones , pieces taken from important buildings , and two splendid early-16th-century stone manueline windows ( pick up the quinta ’ s own leaflet for information on these ) .

In this city , where literature and theater have historically dominated the scene , visual arts are finally coming into their own with the new Museum of Modern Art and the many galleries that display the work of modern Irish artists .
in this city , where literature and theater have historically dominated the scene , visual arts are finally coming into their own with the new museum of modern art and the many galleries that [show] the work of modern irish artists .

A rather damaged footprint , purportedly that of Jesus , is on display .
a rather damaged footprint , purportedly that of jesus , is on [show] .

A small display inside is dedicated to the benefactor .
a small [show] inside is dedicated to the benefactor .

The imaginative display of the actual scrolls inside should answer all your questions .
the imaginative [show] of the actual scrolls inside should answer all your questions .

In the middle of the square there is an underground Visitors ’ Centre exhibiting a fascinating history of the town through excavations and lively display panels .
in the middle of the square there is an underground visitors ’ centre exhibiting a fascinating history of the town through excavations and lively [show] panels .

The scrolls are on display in the excellent Shrine of the Book in the Israel Museum , Jerusalem ( see page 39 ) .
the scrolls are on [show] in the excellent shrine of the book in the israel museum , jerusalem ( see page 39 ) .

Railway buffs will surely enjoy the display of the country ’ s early steam engines at the open air Rail Transport Museum .
railway buffs will surely enjoy the [show] of the country ’ s early steam engines at the open air rail transport museum .

The Bharatiya Lokkala Mandal Folk Museum has an excellent display of Rajasthani art , which includes bright puppets , costumes , and the whole range of turbans worn by the various Rajput clans .
the bharatiya lokkala mandal folk museum has an excellent [show] of rajasthani art , which includes bright puppets , costumes , and the whole range of turbans worn by the various rajput clans .

Immediately below eight empty niches — perhaps they once held statues on display in the museum — is a beautiful frieze of fine floral and geometrical patterns interspersed with pretty birds and small seated Buddhas .
immediately below eight empty niches — perhaps they once held statues on [show] in the museum — is a beautiful frieze of fine floral and geometrical patterns interspersed with pretty birds and small seated buddhas .

It has on display some fascinating memorabilia of Himalayan expeditions , in particular the equipment used by local Sherpa Tensing Norgay ( here Indianized as Shri Tensingh ) , when , with Edmund Hillary , he was the first to conquer Everest in 1953 .
it has on [show] some fascinating memorabilia of himalayan expeditions , in particular the equipment used by local sherpa tensing norgay ( here indianized as shri tensingh ) , when , with edmund hillary , he was the first to conquer everest in 1953 .

As the New Year rings in , a splendid fireworks display erupts .
as the new year rings in , a splendid fireworks [show] erupts .

The whole population comes out into the streets to watch a huge display of fireworks illuminate the historic skyline .
the whole population comes out into the streets to watch a huge [show] of fireworks illuminate the historic skyline .

Descriptions are only in Catalan , but the relics of the Muslim period and fine 13th- to 15th-century paintings and carvings , originally from Palma ’ s churches , antique tiles and ceramics , and a display of modernista furniture on the top floor make the museum worth a visit .
descriptions are only in catalan , but the relics of the muslim period and fine 13th- to 15th-century paintings and carvings , originally from palma ’ s churches , antique tiles and ceramics , and a [show] of modernista furniture on the top floor make the museum worth a visit .

On display on the mezzanine floor are historic Hollywood photographs and other memorabilia .
on [show] on the mezzanine floor are historic hollywood photographs and other memorabilia .

The wall display of 400 wolf skulls brings a startling realization of just how many animals have been unearthed here .
the wall [show] of 400 wolf skulls brings a startling realization of just how many animals have been unearthed here .

Its galleries display masterpieces by painters from Rembrandt to Van Gogh , with an extensive collection of lithographs by Honoré Daumier .
its galleries [show] masterpieces by painters from rembrandt to van gogh , with an extensive collection of lithographs by honoré daumier .

Check out what else is on display while you are here , as the museum regularly hosts special exhibitions .
check out what else is on [show] while you are here , as the museum regularly hosts special exhibitions .

Today , dozens of stalls display a wonderful ethnic diversity : you can sample everything from fresh tortillas to Chinese herbs .
today , dozens of stalls [show] a wonderful ethnic diversity : you can sample everything from fresh tortillas to chinese herbs .

Later , Tinkerbell soars above the castle to ignite a splendid fireworks display .
later , tinkerbell soars above the castle to ignite a splendid fireworks [show] .

You will find everything from Chinese apothecaries who display their herbs and medicines in porcelain jars to Nepalese traders offering exotic jewelry , from fortune-tellers to pet shops .
you will find everything from chinese apothecaries who [show] their herbs and medicines in porcelain jars to nepalese traders offering exotic jewelry , from fortune-tellers to pet shops .

Built in 1886 , the Perak Museum , housing an interesting display of ancient weapons and Orang Asli implements , is the oldest in Malaysia .
built in 1886 , the perak museum , housing an interesting [show] of ancient weapons and orang asli implements , is the oldest in malaysia .

The Art Gallery , upstairs , has a display of batik paintings , oils , graphics , and Chinese ink drawings .
the art gallery , upstairs , has a [show] of batik paintings , oils , graphics , and chinese ink drawings .

At Ayer Hitam , a wide range of Chinese-style pottery is on display beside the fruit market , where there is an excellent selection of rambutans , pineapples , and bananas , as well as locally made nougat and fruit-cakes .
at ayer hitam , a wide range of chinese-style pottery is on [show] beside the fruit market , where there is an excellent selection of rambutans , pineapples , and bananas , as well as locally made nougat and fruit-cakes .

The fragments of the Deep Skull ( so-called because it was found deep within an ancient pile of bat guano ) , together with tools , earthenware pots , jars , and later bronze jewelry found nearby are on display at the Kuching Museum .
the fragments of the deep skull ( so-called because it was found deep within an ancient pile of bat guano ) , together with tools , earthenware pots , jars , and later bronze jewelry found nearby are on [show] at the kuching museum .

Here is The Bermuda Society of Arts , a venue for local artists to display their work , and host to visiting exhibitions .
here is the bermuda society of arts , a venue for local artists to [show] their work , and host to visiting exhibitions .

Every Monday from November to March , the fort hosts a display by the Bermuda Islands Pipe Band , complete with kilts and highland dancers .
every monday from november to march , the fort hosts a [show] by the bermuda islands pipe band , complete with kilts and highland dancers .

The festival involves dragging a huge chariot across the city and sometimes takes a month before culminating in the display of a jeweled vest , about which , needless to say , another complicated legend exists .
the festival involves dragging a huge chariot across the city and sometimes takes a month before culminating in the [show] of a jeweled vest , about which , needless to say , another complicated legend exists .

Less than 64 km ( 40 miles ) to the west of Budapest , human traces thought to be half a million years old have been excavated and are now on display at the Hungarian National Museum .
less than 64 km ( 40 miles ) to the west of budapest , human traces thought to be half a million years old have been excavated and are now on [show] at the hungarian national museum .

Next to the church is all that remains of Contra-Aquincum — an excavated square with benches and a small display of tablets and reliefs found on the site .
next to the church is all that remains of contra-aquincum — an excavated square with benches and a small [show] of tablets and reliefs found on the site .

On display are prehistoric remains and ancient jewels and tools , but there ’ s no doubt as to which is the main point of interest : just follow the crowd to the hushed room where the royal regalia resides .
on [show] are prehistoric remains and ancient jewels and tools , but there ’ s no doubt as to which is the main point of interest : just follow the crowd to the hushed room where the royal regalia resides .

You will ﬁnd much more art on display in town , but don ’ t miss the modern art in the Barcsay Collection ( on the road out to the bus and railway station ) .
you will ﬁnd much more art on [show] in town , but don ’ t miss the modern art in the barcsay collection ( on the road out to the bus and railway station ) .

There ’ s history on display , too , at Mission Santa Barbara ( corner of Laguna and Mission streets ) .
there ’ s history on [show] , too , at mission santa barbara ( corner of laguna and mission streets ) .

The adjacent George C. Page Museum ( 5801 Wilshire Boulevard ) has on display the skeletons of mammoths , mastodons , saber-toothed tigers , and other unfortunate creatures who became trapped in the sticky tar during the last Ice Age .
the adjacent george c. page museum ( 5801 wilshire boulevard ) has on [show] the skeletons of mammoths , mastodons , saber-toothed tigers , and other unfortunate creatures who became trapped in the sticky tar during the last ice age .

For film buffs , the most interesting display will be the collection of old nickelodeons , autoscopes , and movieola machines that projected the very first moving pictures .
for film buffs , the most interesting [show] will be the collection of old nickelodeons , autoscopes , and movieola machines that projected the very first moving pictures .

Vinçon is known for its whimsical display windows , an enticement if you ’ re traveling with someone whose idea of fun is anything but shopping .
vinçon is known for its whimsical [show] windows , an enticement if you ’ re traveling with someone whose idea of fun is anything but shopping .

Before you spend your money here , consider that its display windows defaced Casa Lleó Morera , the classic modernista building in which the store is housed .
before you spend your money here , consider that its [show] windows defaced casa lleó morera , the classic modernista building in which the store is housed .

If you ’ re here out of season , the costumes , worn year after year , will be on display in the 18th-century Casal de San Jordi .
if you ’ re here out of season , the costumes , worn year after year , will be on [show] in the 18th-century casal de san jordi .

Others ( a Saint Jerome and a Virgin ) are on display among the chalices and retablos of the Museo Diocesano , adjoining the Cathedral .
others ( a saint jerome and a virgin ) are on [show] among the chalices and retablos of the museo diocesano , adjoining the cathedral .

Métro stations display good maps of their local district as well as the métro itself , and give out pocket plans of the métro and bus routes .
métro stations [show] good maps of their local district as well as the métro itself , and give out pocket plans of the métro and bus routes .

A good display on the history of the Panthéon is the best part of the visit .
a good [show] on the history of the panthéon is the best part of the visit .

Many of her possessions are on display in the various private and state apartments open to visitors .
many of her possessions are on [show] in the various private and state apartments open to visitors .

A new museum is planned for this space , but in the meantime temporary art exhibitions display the best of Puerto Rican painting and sculpture .
a new museum is planned for this space , but in the meantime temporary art exhibitions [show] the best of puerto rican painting and sculpture .

No sterile display cases full of artifacts here !
no sterile [show] cases full of artifacts here !

You ’ ll see them on display along the main street , and also in some of Bali ’ s hotels .
you ’ ll see them on [show] along the main street , and also in some of bali ’ s hotels .

Once the daily influx of visitors begins , about mid-morning , an outrigger boat shuttles people across the outer moat to a craft display and shop .
once the daily influx of visitors begins , about mid-morning , an outrigger boat shuttles people across the outer moat to a craft [show] and shop .

Kublai Khan erected his own capital in 1279 on the shores of Beijing ’ s Beihai Lake , where some of his imperial treasures remain on display today .
kublai khan erected his own capital in 1279 on the shores of beijing ’ s beihai lake , where some of his imperial treasures remain on [show] today .

Look also for the underwater world of the aquarium and shark tunnel , and the newest , and undoubtedly most inventive display .
look also for the underwater world of the aquarium and shark tunnel , and the newest , and undoubtedly most inventive [show] .

Every display — whether of fine art , ice cream , or fashion — is worth a picture .
every [show] — whether of fine art , ice cream , or fashion — is worth a picture .

Her portrait by John Singer Sargent ( in the Gothic Room ) captures her individuality and her eccentricity lives on in her will , which stipulates that all of the 2,000 pieces on display in the house must be left exactly where they are .
her portrait by john singer sargent ( in the gothic room ) captures her individuality and her eccentricity lives on in her will , which stipulates that all of the 2,000 pieces on [show] in the house must be left exactly where they are .

The first displays the brilliantly colored glass that was manufactured here in the 19th century , the second is an estate owned by Charles Dexter where you can see a dazzling display of antique cars , bird carvings by Elmer Crowell , a beautifully restored carousel , and more .
the first displays the brilliantly colored glass that was manufactured here in the 19th century , the second is an estate owned by charles dexter where you can see a dazzling [show] of antique cars , bird carvings by elmer crowell , a beautifully restored carousel , and more .

In common with the other immigrant groups , they had been compelled by law to display the flag of their country of origin , even if a century had passed since their ancestors had come to Indonesia .
in common with the other immigrant groups , they had been compelled by law to [show] the flag of their country of origin , even if a century had passed since their ancestors had come to indonesia .

Inside you will find the large crucifix christened Cristo de las Ampollas ( Christ of the Blisters ) which has been on display here since 1645 .
inside you will find the large crucifix christened cristo de las ampollas ( christ of the blisters ) which has been on [show] here since 1645 .

The beautiful plasterwork detail and marble floors of the palace are only surpassed by the wealth of Mayan artifacts on display .
the beautiful plasterwork detail and marble floors of the palace are only surpassed by the wealth of mayan artifacts on [show] .

The dolls are on display at the museum found just beyond the site entrance .
the dolls are on [show] at the museum found just beyond the site entrance .

Fragrances from around the world , fine crystal , and European leather goods are also on display in most of the shops .
fragrances from around the world , fine crystal , and european leather goods are also on [show] in most of the shops .

Many of the old palaces and halls are now used to display the artwork and more prosaic belongings of the emperors .
many of the old palaces and halls are now used to [show] the artwork and more prosaic belongings of the emperors .

Many of the bronze instruments , sundials , and sextants on display inside and on the roof of the observatory were gifts from Jesuit missionaries who lived in the capital during the 17th century .
many of the bronze instruments , sundials , and sextants on [show] inside and on the roof of the observatory were gifts from jesuit missionaries who lived in the capital during the 17th century .

Most of the regalia and artifacts on display , including the red wooden coffin containers in the burial vault , are copies of the items discovered during excavations in the 1950s .
most of the regalia and artifacts on [show] , including the red wooden coffin containers in the burial vault , are copies of the items discovered during excavations in the 1950s .

A maze of alleys crammed with stalls , Qingping offers up acres of herbs , spices , jade , antiques , memorabilia , goldfish , songbirds , and a sometimes nightmarish display of live animals destined for the kitchen , including dogs , cats , and rare species .
a maze of alleys crammed with stalls , qingping offers up acres of herbs , spices , jade , antiques , memorabilia , goldfish , songbirds , and a sometimes nightmarish [show] of live animals destined for the kitchen , including dogs , cats , and rare species .

This ethnic amusement park , where members of the Zhuang , Dong , and Miao minorities in traditional costumes display their native cultures , is as educational as it is entertaining .
this ethnic amusement park , where members of the zhuang , dong , and miao minorities in traditional costumes [show] their native cultures , is as educational as it is entertaining .

The Inner Mongolia Museum ( Nei Mengu Bowuguan ) has an ample display of native yurts and riding gear , as well as China ’ s largest dinosaur skeleton .
the inner mongolia museum ( nei mengu bowuguan ) has an ample [show] of native yurts and riding gear , as well as china ’ s largest dinosaur skeleton .

Adjacent to the Forest of Stupas is the most popular display at Shaolin , a courtyard of open-air pavilions containing scores of wooden statues��— monks in all the classic poses of a feverish kung fu battle .
adjacent to the forest of stupas is the most popular [show] at shaolin , a courtyard of open-air pavilions containing scores of wooden statues��— monks in all the classic poses of a feverish kung fu battle .

About 1,000 items — a mere 15 percent of the total hoard — are now on display here .
about 1,000 items — a mere 15 percent of the total hoard — are now on [show] here .

On display in the Banpo Museum ( Banpo Bowuguan ) are some of the objects found in the course of excavations : axes , fishhooks , and utilitarian pots , as well as artistically decorated ceramics and , most dramatically , the skeletons of these ancient villagers .
on [show] in the banpo museum ( banpo bowuguan ) are some of the objects found in the course of excavations : axes , fishhooks , and utilitarian pots , as well as artistically decorated ceramics and , most dramatically , the skeletons of these ancient villagers .

The Centro de Convenciones offers arguably the best Fiesta Mexicana in the country , and is the closest you ’ ll come to an authentic display of Mexican culture and dance .
the centro de convenciones offers arguably the best fiesta mexicana in the country , and is the closest you ’ ll come to an authentic [show] of mexican culture and dance .

Works by recognized masters — including contemporaries José Luis Cuevas and Alejandro Colunga — as well as emerging artists , are on display at the numerous art galleries in town .
works by recognized masters — including contemporaries josé luis cuevas and alejandro colunga — as well as emerging artists , are on [show] at the numerous art galleries in town .

Museum für Völkerkunde The Museum of Mankind is a dazzling display of ethnic art and culture .
museum für völkerkunde the museum of mankind is a dazzling [show] of ethnic art and culture .

This fascinating new museum commemorates Berlin ’ s history as the Hollywood of Germany and , in a remarkable display featuring items from her personal estate , pays tribute to the greatest of all German screen stars , Marlene Dietrich .
this fascinating new museum commemorates berlin ’ s history as the hollywood of germany and , in a remarkable [show] featuring items from her personal estate , pays tribute to the greatest of all german screen stars , marlene dietrich .

On display are outstanding works by Dürer , Botticelli , and Rembrandt .
on [show] are outstanding works by dürer , botticelli , and rembrandt .

Baris is a vehicle for groups of young male dancers to display their command of technique , conveying a great range of emotions .
baris is a vehicle for groups of young male dancers to [show] their command of technique , conveying a great range of emotions .

About 12,000 are on display here , from 15th-century polychrome designs to 20th-century art deco styles .
about 12,000 are on [show] here , from 15th-century polychrome designs to 20th-century art deco styles .

The fort nearby held political prisoners during the Salazar régime ; now it ’ s a museum as well as a display area for local crafts and traditions .
the fort nearby held political prisoners during the salazar régime ; now it ’ s a museum as well as a [show] area for local crafts and traditions .

On display are goods that once formed the basis of Portuguese trade with the Orient , especially ceramics .
on [show] are goods that once formed the basis of portuguese trade with the orient , especially ceramics .

The abbot was quite a collector ; on display are an eclectic mix of local archaeological finds , clerical items , regional paintings , and costumes .
the abbot was quite a collector ; on [show] are an eclectic mix of local archaeological finds , clerical items , regional paintings , and costumes .

Rooms display sacred art , archaeological remains , the original charter of Lagos , holy vestments , and a bizarre collection of creatures , like a science experiment gone bad : an eight-legged goat kid preserved in formaldehyde , a one-eyed sheep , a cat with two faces .
rooms [show] sacred art , archaeological remains , the original charter of lagos , holy vestments , and a bizarre collection of creatures , like a science experiment gone bad : an eight-legged goat kid preserved in formaldehyde , a one-eyed sheep , a cat with two faces .

Ride an old tram to the country station where the sheds display historic train engines of the Canadian Pacific and the luxury private coach of William Van Horne , the man who master-minded the building of C.P.R. ’ s transcontinental railway .
ride an old tram to the country station where the sheds [show] historic train engines of the canadian pacific and the luxury private coach of william van horne , the man who master-minded the building of c.p.r. ’ s transcontinental railway .

Artists gather in the narrow rue du Trésor at the northwest corner of the Place d ’ Armes to display their works or paint your portrait .
artists gather in the narrow rue du trésor at the northwest corner of the place d ’ armes to [show] their works or paint your portrait .

Regional wildlife on display ranges from dinosaurs to moose , bear , coyotes , and bald eagles .
regional wildlife on [show] ranges from dinosaurs to moose , bear , coyotes , and bald eagles .

Epitome of the town ’ s more peaceful side , the Annapolis Royal Historic Gardens south of the city center display flora representative of the region ’ s inhabitants : mayflower and pines for the Micmacs ; iris and the vegetables the Acadians grew , with a reconstruction of their ingenious system of dykes and a typical Acadian cottage ; an English rose arbor ; and Victorian flower beds .
epitome of the town ’ s more peaceful side , the annapolis royal historic gardens south of the city center [show] flora representative of the region ’ s inhabitants : mayflower and pines for the micmacs ; iris and the vegetables the acadians grew , with a reconstruction of their ingenious system of dykes and a typical acadian cottage ; an english rose arbor ; and victorian flower beds .

Rooms 40 and 41 display artifacts from Egypt covering every era of history in the land of the Pharaohs , including the Ptolemaic period when Ptolemy ( a general under Alexander the Great , and therefore of Greek descent ) took control of Egypt .
rooms 40 and 41 [show] artifacts from egypt covering every era of history in the land of the pharaohs , including the ptolemaic period when ptolemy ( a general under alexander the great , and therefore of greek descent ) took control of egypt .

Benáki was born in a Greek community in Egypt , and many of the artifacts on display originate from this other ancient land , though there is a good range of Classical and Roman statuary , and collections from the Early Christian and Byzantine eras including two paintings by El Greco .
benáki was born in a greek community in egypt , and many of the artifacts on [show] originate from this other ancient land , though there is a good range of classical and roman statuary , and collections from the early christian and byzantine eras including two paintings by el greco .

The upper floors display excellent examples of icons and frescoes , vestments , and other religious objects .
the upper floors [show] excellent examples of icons and frescoes , vestments , and other religious objects .

Outside you ’ ll see a range of fighter jets , and missiles , while the galleries inside display historic uniforms , armor , and hand-held weapons .
outside you ’ ll see a range of fighter jets , and missiles , while the galleries inside [show] historic uniforms , armor , and hand-held weapons .

Rooms display an eclectic series of artifacts with dioramas of the great Battle of Salamis in 480 b.c. , letters from the naval heroes of Greek independence , and numerous items salvaged from the seas around the Attica coastline .
rooms [show] an eclectic series of artifacts with dioramas of the great battle of salamis in 480 b.c. , letters from the naval heroes of greek independence , and numerous items salvaged from the seas around the attica coastline .

All the artifacts from the site were taken to Athens and many are now on display in the National Archaeological Museum .
all the artifacts from the site were taken to athens and many are now on [show] in the national archaeological museum .

The National Craft Fair in Vila do Conde , near Porto ( July and August ) , and the Craft Fair in Lagoa , in the Algarve ( August ) , both display crafts from all over the country .
the national craft fair in vila do conde , near porto ( july and august ) , and the craft fair in lagoa , in the algarve ( august ) , both [show] crafts from all over the country .

Barcelos : Feast of the Crosses music concerts and a spectacular display of fireworks on the Cávado River ; first weekend .
barcelos : feast of the crosses music concerts and a spectacular [show] of fireworks on the cávado river ; first weekend .

The church , a national monument dedicated to St. Anthony , has a handsome display of 18th-century blue-and-white glazed tiles and a brightly painted wood ceiling .
the church , a national monument dedicated to st. anthony , has a handsome [show] of 18th-century blue-and-white glazed tiles and a brightly painted wood ceiling .

Rooms display sacred art , archaeological remains , the original charter of Lagos , holy vestments , and a bizarre collection of creatures , like a science experiment gone bad : an eight-legged goat kid preserved in formaldehyde , a one-eyed sheep , a cat with two faces .
rooms [show] sacred art , archaeological remains , the original charter of lagos , holy vestments , and a bizarre collection of creatures , like a science experiment gone bad : an eight-legged goat kid preserved in formaldehyde , a one-eyed sheep , a cat with two faces .

The costumes on display are of superb silks , satins , and furs , embroidered and stitched to perfection .
the costumes on [show] are of superb silks , satins , and furs , embroidered and stitched to perfection .

The Museu Cau Ferrat is installed in the house of the painter Santiago Rusiñol ( 1861–1931 ) , whose collection of works by El Greco , Casas , Picasso , and others is on display , along with many of his own works .
the museu cau ferrat is installed in the house of the painter santiago rusiñol ( 1861–1931 ) , whose collection of works by el greco , casas , picasso , and others is on [show] , along with many of his own works .

The numerous personal effects on display leave no doubt about Martí ’ s importance in the pantheon of Cuban heroes : he is Cuba ’ s founding father .
the numerous personal effects on [show] leave no doubt about martí ’ s importance in the pantheon of cuban heroes : he is cuba ’ s founding father .

Of the 61 skeletons on display , dating from 1490 to 1540 ( more than 200 were disinterred ) , those in pre-conquest graves lie in a fetal position , while post-con-quest skeletons lie in a Christian pose : outstretched with arms folded .
of the 61 skeletons on [show] , dating from 1490 to 1540 ( more than 200 were disinterred ) , those in pre-conquest graves lie in a fetal position , while post-con-quest skeletons lie in a christian pose : outstretched with arms folded .

On display are various bloodstained rebel uniforms , some of Fidel ’ s personal effects from his time in the mountains , and “ 26 Julio ” armbands ( sporting the name of the resistance movement that developed after the Moncada attack ) .
on [show] are various bloodstained rebel uniforms , some of fidel ’ s personal effects from his time in the mountains , and “ 26 julio ” armbands ( sporting the name of the resistance movement that developed after the moncada attack ) .

The cross is on display in Nuestra Señora de la Asunción , the church on Plaza Independencia .
the cross is on [show] in nuestra señora de la asunción , the church on plaza independencia .

On display are archaeological remains confirming that these caves were inhabited 30,000 years ago .
on [show] are archaeological remains confirming that these caves were inhabited 30,000 years ago .

The only human residents here are the fishermen living in what look like very ramshackle huts , albeit with 4-wheel drive vehicles and TV antennas on display .
the only human residents here are the fishermen living in what look like very ramshackle huts , albeit with 4-wheel drive vehicles and tv antennas on [show] .

Talking parrots , peacocks in full display , and cute lemurs will always win hearts .
talking parrots , peacocks in full [show] , and cute lemurs will always win hearts .

The best finds from all Minoan sites are on display here .
the best finds from all minoan sites are on [show] here .

Primitive pottery is on display — including a rather naïve clay bull with an acrobat holding one horn — and finer work such as a stone pyxis ( jewelry box ) incised with geometric patterns and a reclining animal .
primitive pottery is on [show] — including a rather naïve clay bull with an acrobat holding one horn — and finer work such as a stone pyxis ( jewelry box ) incised with geometric patterns and a reclining animal .

A delicate rock crystal rhyton on display here shows the sophistication of both workmanship and personal taste in the New-Palace period .
a delicate rock crystal rhyton on [show] here shows the sophistication of both workmanship and personal taste in the new-palace period .

Rooms 14–16 on the second floor display the finest remaining frescoes found throughout the Minoan kingdoms dating from 1600–1400 .
rooms 14–16 on the second floor [show] the finest remaining frescoes found throughout the minoan kingdoms dating from 1600–1400 .

Its treasures are on display in the museum shop .
its treasures are on [show] in the museum shop .

Most exciting of its varied collections is a display of photographs showing island scenes from before the devastating 1956 earthquake — the last major one to strike the island .
most exciting of its varied collections is a [show] of photographs showing island scenes from before the devastating 1956 earthquake — the last major one to strike the island .

Nearby is the Hall of Jewelry , housed in the Palace of Tranquillity and Longevity ( Ning Shou Gong ) , with another display of royal treasures , including robes worn by the Empress Dowager Cixi .
nearby is the hall of jewelry , housed in the palace of tranquillity and longevity ( ning shou gong ) , with another [show] of royal treasures , including robes worn by the empress dowager cixi .

Although bereft of up-to-date display cases and featuring explanations written in Chinese only , this museum provides the most exhaustive overview of Chinese civilization — illustrated with national treasures — of any gallery in China .
although bereft of up-to-date [show] cases and featuring explanations written in chinese only , this museum provides the most exhaustive overview of chinese civilization — illustrated with national treasures — of any gallery in china .

The most interesting display is located in the long side building on the eastern wall .
the most interesting [show] is located in the long side building on the eastern wall .

The Natural History Museum ( Ziran Bowuguan ) has China ’ s best display of dinosaur skeletons .
the natural history museum ( ziran bowuguan ) has china ’ s best [show] of dinosaur skeletons .

On the same grounds today is the Beijing Stone Engraving Art Museum , an open-air display of over 500 ancient stone carvings and inscribed stone pillars .
on the same grounds today is the beijing stone engraving art museum , an open-air [show] of over 500 ancient stone carvings and inscribed stone pillars .

It is on display in its own pavilion at the rear of the Big Bell Temple .
it is on [show] in its own pavilion at the rear of the big bell temple .

Many of Cixi ’ s imperial treasures did survive , and are now on display in the galleries above her tomb .
many of cixi ’ s imperial treasures did survive , and are now on [show] in the galleries above her tomb .

The human capital outputs and outcomes should be the same as those measured for the Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) and the budget and could be reported in a Statement of Program Performance Measures as described in Appendix 1-F to the concepts statement entitled , Entity and Display , SFFAC No .
the human capital outputs and outcomes should be the same as those measured for the government performance and results act ( gpra ) and the budget and could be reported in a statement of program performance measures as described in appendix 1-f to the concepts statement entitled , entity and [show] , sffac no .

The research and development outputs and outcomes should be the same as those measured for the Government Performance and Results Act ( GPRA ) and the budget and will be reported in a Statement of Program Performance Measures as described in Appendix 1-F to Entity and Display , SFFAC No .
the research and development outputs and outcomes should be the same as those measured for the government performance and results act ( gpra ) and the budget and will be reported in a statement of program performance measures as described in appendix 1-f to entity and [show] , sffac no .

Consideration of guidance for the recognition , measurement and display of obligations for social insurance programs has continued to present the Board with significant , vexing theoretical and practical problems .
consideration of guidance for the recognition , measurement and [show] of obligations for social insurance programs has continued to present the board with significant , vexing theoretical and practical problems .

After deliberating the issue , the Board has concluded that additional investigation and further deliberation is required and has directed the FASAB staff to continue to research social insurance issues focusing especially on : identifying the characteristics of programs which should cause them to be subject to the guidance provided in a Statement on Social Insurance ; the appropriate display of information in the financial statements ; the identification of additional information , if any , which should be required for social insurance programs ; the means for measurement of financial data included in such additional information ; and , the desirability of nonfinancial indicators ( ratios of data to GDP or `` covered payroll '' ) to describe the status of programs or the implications of potential changes to or needs of the programs.The Board has instructed the staff to be mindful of all current developments in structuring its research and its recommendations .
after deliberating the issue , the board has concluded that additional investigation and further deliberation is required and has directed the fasab staff to continue to research social insurance issues focusing especially on : identifying the characteristics of programs which should cause them to be subject to the guidance provided in a statement on social insurance ; the appropriate [show] of information in the financial statements ; the identification of additional information , if any , which should be required for social insurance programs ; the means for measurement of financial data included in such additional information ; and , the desirability of nonfinancial indicators ( ratios of data to gdp or `` covered payroll '' ) to describe the status of programs or the implications of potential changes to or needs of the programs.the board has instructed the staff to be mindful of all current developments in structuring its research and its recommendations .

In the display that follows , items included under the caption `` weapons systems '' are valued at the most recent acquisition cost of a comparable item .
in the [show] that follows , items included under the caption `` weapons systems '' are valued at the most recent acquisition cost of a comparable item .

The value of land associated with the facilities included among Federal mission PP & E is not included in the display that follows .
the value of land associated with the facilities included among federal mission pp & e is not included in the [show] that follows .

The following display presents CSA data for all programs for 6 years subsequent to the base year .
the following [show] presents csa data for all programs for 6 years subsequent to the base year .

See display on next page .
see [show] on next page .

Evidence supporting the story is arrayed in the display .
evidence supporting the story is arrayed in the [show] .

In this display , policy changes are allocated equally between revenue reductions and spending increases .
in this [show] , policy changes are allocated equally between revenue reductions and spending increases .

Under such conditions , the more likely result would be a rise in the rate of interest and a more rapid increase in federal interest payments than our simulations display .
under such conditions , the more likely result would be a rise in the rate of interest and a more rapid increase in federal interest payments than our simulations [show] .

Office of the General Counsel B-274403 September 26 , 1996 The Honorable Alfonse D'Amato Chairman The Honorable Paul S. Sarbanes Ranking Minority Member Committee on Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs United States Senate The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr. Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives Subject : Securities and Exchange Commission : Rule 11AC1-4 ( Limit Order Display Rule ) and Amendments to Rule 11 AC1-1 ( Quote Rule ) Pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of title 5 , United States Code , this is our report on Rule 11AC1-4 ( Limit Order Display Rule ) and Amendments to Rule 11 AC1-1 ( Quote Rule ) ( RIN : 3235-AG66 ) promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
office of the general counsel b-274403 september 26 , 1996 the honorable alfonse d'amato chairman the honorable paul s. sarbanes ranking minority member committee on banking , housing , and urban affairs united states senate the honorable thomas j. bliley , jr. chairman the honorable john d. dingell ranking minority member committee on commerce house of representatives subject : securities and exchange commission : rule 11ac1-4 ( limit order [show] rule ) and amendments to rule 11 ac1-1 ( quote rule ) pursuant to section 801 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( a ) of title 5 , united states code , this is our report on rule 11ac1-4 ( limit order [show] rule ) and amendments to rule 11 ac1-1 ( quote rule ) ( rin : 3235-ag66 ) promulgated by the securities and exchange commission .

The Commission adopted the Limit Order Display Rule and amended the Quote Rule pursuant to its authority under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , 15 U.S.C .
the commission adopted the limit order [show] rule and amended the quote rule pursuant to its authority under the securities exchange act of 1934 , 15 u.s.c .

The Limit Order Display Rule requires the public display of customer limit orders priced better than an exchange specialist 's or market maker 's quote .
the limit order [show] rule requires the public [show] of customer limit orders priced better than an exchange specialist 's or market maker 's quote .

The rule will set standard display requirements for limit orders in all GAO/OGC-96-43 markets .
the rule will set standard [show] requirements for limit orders in all gao/ogc-96-43 markets .

Currently , specialists and market makers may privately display a better price than their public quotations through certain private trading systems in which priced orders are invisible and inaccessible to investors at large .
currently , specialists and market makers may privately [show] a better price than their public quotations through certain private trading systems in which priced orders are invisible and inaccessible to investors at large .

The Commission describes the projected compliance requirements of the rules and describes the steps taken to minimize the economic impact on small entities , including consideration of several significant alternatives to both the Quote Rule and the Display Rule .
the commission describes the projected compliance requirements of the rules and describes the steps taken to minimize the economic impact on small entities , including consideration of several significant alternatives to both the quote rule and the [show] rule .

They were both approved by OMB and assigned control numbers : control number 32350461 for the amendments to the Quote Rule and control number 3235-0462 for the Display Rule .
they were both approved by omb and assigned control numbers : control number 32350461 for the amendments to the quote rule and control number 3235-0462 for the [show] rule .

Statutory authorization for the rules The Commission adopted the Limit Order Display Rule and amended the Quote Rule pursuant to its authority under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 15 U.S.C .
statutory authorization for the rules the commission adopted the limit order [show] rule and amended the quote rule pursuant to its authority under the securities exchange act of 1934 ( 15 u.s.c .

To protect commercially sensitive data and to facilitate comparison we display normalized costs and not actual unit costs.14 All unit costs are displayed relative to the mean of the distribution of unit costs .
to protect commercially sensitive data and to facilitate comparison we [show] normalized costs and not actual unit costs.14 all unit costs are displayed relative to the mean of the distribution of unit costs .

Most other national postal administrations would have a greater percentage of fixed costs because they have fewer pieces per possible delivery.37 The columns display cream skimmers ' costs as a function of U.S .
most other national postal administrations would have a greater percentage of fixed costs because they have fewer pieces per possible delivery.37 the columns [show] cream skimmers ' costs as a function of u.s .

Tables 4 , 5 and 6 display First-Class per-household annual volumes .
tables 4 , 5 and 6 [show] first-class per-household annual volumes .

The strengths that the FBI brought to counterterrorism were nowhere more brilliantly on display than in the case of Pan American Flight 103 , bound from London to New York , which blew up over Lockerbie , Scotland , in December 1988 , killing 270 people .
the strengths that the fbi brought to counterterrorism were nowhere more brilliantly on [show] than in the case of pan american flight 103 , bound from london to new york , which blew up over lockerbie , scotland , in december 1988 , killing 270 people .

As we mentioned in chapter 3 , we have been impressed by the determination that agents display in tracking down details , patiently going the extra mile and working the extra month , to put facts in the place of speculation .
as we mentioned in chapter 3 , we have been impressed by the determination that agents [show] in tracking down details , patiently going the extra mile and working the extra month , to put facts in the place of speculation .

The terrorist plots that were broken up at the end of 1999 display the variety of operations that might be attributed , however indirectly , to al Qaeda .
the terrorist plots that were broken up at the end of 1999 [show] the variety of operations that might be attributed , however indirectly , to al qaeda .

Government agencies also sometimes display a tendency to match capabilities to mission by defining away the hardest part of their job .
government agencies also sometimes [show] a tendency to match capabilities to mission by defining away the hardest part of their job .

Primary radar contact for Flight 77 was lost because the `` preferred '' radar in this geographic area had no primary radar system , the `` supplemental '' radar had poor primary coverage , and the FAA ATC software did not allow the display of primary radar data from the `` tertiary '' and `` quadrary '' radars .
primary radar contact for flight 77 was lost because the `` preferred '' radar in this geographic area had no primary radar system , the `` supplemental '' radar had poor primary coverage , and the faa atc software did not allow the [show] of primary radar data from the `` tertiary '' and `` quadrary '' radars .

She did not display signs of panic and did not indicate any awareness of an impending crash .
she did not [show] signs of panic and did not indicate any awareness of an impending crash .

Controllers at centers rely so heavily on transponder signals that they usually do not display primary radar returns on their radar scopes .
controllers at centers rely so heavily on transponder signals that they usually do not [show] primary radar returns on their radar scopes .

The FAA may have been tracking the progress of United 93 on a display that showed its projected path to Washington , not its actual radar return .
the faa may have been tracking the progress of united 93 on a [show] that showed its projected path to washington , not its actual radar return .

To run the space–time permutation scan statistic we have written a SAS program that generates the necessary case and parameter files , invokes the SaTScan software [ 36 ] , and reads the results back into SAS for reporting and display .
to run the space–time permutation scan statistic we have written a sas program that generates the necessary case and parameter files , invokes the satscan software [ 36 ] , and reads the results back into sas for reporting and [show] .

As one would guess , the models display a range of potentially interesting dynamics , though generalisations and broad conclusions are sparse .
as one would guess , the models [show] a range of potentially interesting dynamics , though generalisations and broad conclusions are sparse .

Pancreatic islets derive from embryonic endoderm , but display features of neurons , including a shared set of cell-autonomous developmental regulators [ 2 ] .
pancreatic islets derive from embryonic endoderm , but [show] features of neurons , including a shared set of cell-autonomous developmental regulators [ 2 ] .

As a proof-of-principle , we implemented approaches to identify , segment , analyze , and display nodal information .
as a proof-of-principle , we implemented approaches to identify , segment , analyze , and [show] nodal information .

Mice that harbor an activated form of PPARd display an “ endurance ” phenotype , with a coordinated increase in oxidative enzymes and mitochondrial biogenesis and an increased proportion of ST fibers .
mice that harbor an activated form of ppard [show] an “ endurance ” phenotype , with a coordinated increase in oxidative enzymes and mitochondrial biogenesis and an increased proportion of st fibers .

Fusion between two protrusions is reported to rely on the cylindrical shape and narrow diameter of cell protrusions and also on the localised concentration of adhesion/fusion molecules at the tips of the cell protrusions , such as microvilli , that display particular tip-specific membrane microdomains ( Monck and Fernandez 1996 ; Wilson and Snell 1998 ; Roper et al .
fusion between two protrusions is reported to rely on the cylindrical shape and narrow diameter of cell protrusions and also on the localised concentration of adhesion/fusion molecules at the tips of the cell protrusions , such as microvilli , that [show] particular tip-specific membrane microdomains ( monck and fernandez 1996 ; wilson and snell 1998 ; roper et al .

I use PDF files for students to print and for me to display in class with no loss of information due to reformatting or resolution problems ( Figure 1 ) .
i use pdf files for students to print and for me to [show] in class with no loss of information due to reformatting or resolution problems ( figure 1 ) .

To determine whether lung cancers that acquire clinical resistance to either gefitinib or erlotinib display additional mutations in the EGFR kinase domain , we have examined the status of EGFR exons 18 to 24 in tumors from five patients who initially responded but subsequently progressed while on these drugs .
to determine whether lung cancers that acquire clinical resistance to either gefitinib or erlotinib [show] additional mutations in the egfr kinase domain , we have examined the status of egfr exons 18 to 24 in tumors from five patients who initially responded but subsequently progressed while on these drugs .

By contrast , wild-type and mutant EGFRs containing the T790M mutation did not display a significant change in either phosphotyrosine induction or p-EGFR : t-EGFR ratios ( Figure 4A and 4B ) .
by contrast , wild-type and mutant egfrs containing the t790m mutation did not [show] a significant change in either phosphotyrosine induction or p-egfr : t-egfr ratios ( figure 4a and 4b ) .

This result demonstrates that the DNA display method is capable of facilitating the discovery of functional molecules by enabling in vitro selection methods to be applied to molecules generated by split-and-pool combinatorial synthesis .
this result demonstrates that the dna [show] method is capable of facilitating the discovery of functional molecules by enabling in vitro selection methods to be applied to molecules generated by split-and-pool combinatorial synthesis .

The fundamental distinctions between DTS and DNA display approaches to chemical translation imply that these two strategies will be applicable to different types of synthetic structures .
the fundamental distinctions between dts and dna [show] approaches to chemical translation imply that these two strategies will be applicable to different types of synthetic structures .

Because the DNA display approach separates the DNA hybridization step from the chemical synthesis step , it does not require the coupling of synthetic reagents to oligonucleotides ( beyond the starting material ) , and can use reaction conditions such as high temperatures or high pH that may not be compatible with DNA hybridization .
because the dna [show] approach separates the dna hybridization step from the chemical synthesis step , it does not require the coupling of synthetic reagents to oligonucleotides ( beyond the starting material ) , and can use reaction conditions such as high temperatures or high ph that may not be compatible with dna hybridization .

These features suggest that DNA display may be able to access structures that can not be created by DTS .
these features suggest that dna [show] may be able to access structures that can not be created by dts .

In principle , these two approaches are complementary , and it is tantalizing to envision the use of both DNA display and DTS to direct different steps during a single chemical translation .
in principle , these two approaches are complementary , and it is tantalizing to envision the use of both dna [show] and dts to direct different steps during a single chemical translation .

However , its history has been maintained in the present law school building through the display of its stained glass windows and the old oak fireplace .
however , its history has been maintained in the present law school building through the [show] of its stained glass windows and the old oak fireplace .

Do n't miss the opening of the last one at the National Art Museum of Sport on Thursday , November 5 from 5:30-8:00 p.m. Notice Herron 's window display at the city Center through October .
do n't miss the opening of the last one at the national art museum of sport on thursday , november 5 from 5:30-8:00 p.m. notice herron 's window [show] at the city center through october .

Our failings , shortcomings and hesitations , are on display , as are the remarkability of our spirit and energy .
our failings , shortcomings and hesitations , are on [show] , as are the remarkability of our spirit and energy .

He was precociously literary , having found Clifton Fadiman 's Lifetime Reading Plan at age 11 in a revolving paperback display at the drugstore while awaiting his orthodontist appointment .
he was precociously literary , having found clifton fadiman 's lifetime reading plan at age 11 in a revolving paperback [show] at the drugstore while awaiting his orthodontist appointment .

He learned from another volume in the same display that his sexual fantasies about the crew-cutted athletes in his school were not normal , and that they had a name ; in fact , he was most devastated to learn that his urinary appendage had a name and a different function , and he cried in embarrassment upon learning `` penis '' was the accepted name for what he and his brothers were taught to call the `` wetter . ''
he learned from another volume in the same [show] that his sexual fantasies about the crew-cutted athletes in his school were not normal , and that they had a name ; in fact , he was most devastated to learn that his urinary appendage had a name and a different function , and he cried in embarrassment upon learning `` penis '' was the accepted name for what he and his brothers were taught to call the `` wetter . ''

The show , which opens Thursday , is the boldest display of corporate muscle and easy museological virtue to appear at a respected New York art institution in , oh , about two months -- since `` Sensation '' opened at the Brooklyn Museum .
the show , which opens thursday , is the boldest [show] of corporate muscle and easy museological virtue to appear at a respected new york art institution in , oh , about two months -- since `` sensation '' opened at the brooklyn museum .

A difference of style is on display for readers of the NYT and WP stories about Bill Bradley 's responses to Al Gore 's recent characterizations of the Bradley platform .
a difference of style is on [show] for readers of the nyt and wp stories about bill bradley 's responses to al gore 's recent characterizations of the bradley platform .

The USAT lead puts the dubiousness of one-day economic analysis and the folly of giving much newspaper space to it on full display .
the usat lead puts the dubiousness of one-day economic analysis and the folly of giving much newspaper space to it on full [show] .

According to the paper , there 's hardly been one effective habit on display , much less seven .
according to the paper , there 's hardly been one effective habit on [show] , much less seven .

On the other hand , a sign of how much money is washing around this country is on full display in USAT 's front-pager on expensive toys .
on the other hand , a sign of how much money is washing around this country is on full [show] in usat 's front-pager on expensive toys .

None of the papers note the Pentagon briefing technique on display here : While Shelton illustrated the successful hits with before and after photos , the misses were not illustrated .
none of the papers note the pentagon briefing technique on [show] here : while shelton illustrated the successful hits with before and after photos , the misses were not illustrated .

The nukemeisters on the other side display to the Post the same lack of alarm USAT finds at the Pentagon : `` I am not particularly worried , '' says Russia 's atomic energy minister .
the nukemeisters on the other side [show] to the post the same lack of alarm usat finds at the pentagon : `` i am not particularly worried , '' says russia 's atomic energy minister .

U.S. copyright law determines who may distribute , display , or reproduce a film , a book , a drawing -- essentially anything `` fixed in a permanent medium , '' as the lawyers like to say .
u.s. copyright law determines who may distribute , [show] , or reproduce a film , a book , a drawing -- essentially anything `` fixed in a permanent medium , '' as the lawyers like to say .

This story of a long and stormy love affair between a fallen angel and a 19 th century French vintner is described alternately as having `` a ferocious display of inventive power '' ( Kirkus Reviews ) and as having `` a disconcerting hollowness '' ( Richard Eder , the Los Angeles Times ) .
this story of a long and stormy love affair between a fallen angel and a 19 th century french vintner is described alternately as having `` a ferocious [show] of inventive power '' ( kirkus reviews ) and as having `` a disconcerting hollowness '' ( richard eder , the los angeles times ) .

The little identifying cards psychologist Gordon sets beside each item display an impressive mastery of the manipulative arts .
the little identifying cards psychologist gordon sets beside each item [show] an impressive mastery of the manipulative arts .

He noted that in Gaza and Nablus in recent days there has been more pictures of Saddam Hussein on display than of the Hashemite king .
he noted that in gaza and nablus in recent days there has been more pictures of saddam hussein on [show] than of the hashemite king .

Bill Clinton 's meeting with the pope in St. Louis received extensive coverage in Europe ( `` Most famous sinner meets His Holiness '' was the headline in the Independent of London ) , but especially in Italy where the Corriere della Sera of Milan said Wednesday in a front-page editorial that although no American president had ever met a pope more often , nor made such a public display of his Christian faith than Clinton , `` perhaps no president has become so distant from the Holy Father .
bill clinton 's meeting with the pope in st. louis received extensive coverage in europe ( `` most famous sinner meets his holiness '' was the headline in the independent of london ) , but especially in italy where the corriere della sera of milan said wednesday in a front-page editorial that although no american president had ever met a pope more often , nor made such a public [show] of his christian faith than clinton , `` perhaps no president has become so distant from the holy father .

According to an article published in November in the British magazine New Scientist , Tapio Eeva and his colleagues report that because pollutants from a copper smelter in the town of Harjavalta dull the plumage of local great tits , they are unable to perform a courtship dance that relies on the display of bright feathers .
according to an article published in november in the british magazine new scientist , tapio eeva and his colleagues report that because pollutants from a copper smelter in the town of harjavalta dull the plumage of local great tits , they are unable to perform a courtship dance that relies on the [show] of bright feathers .

The model is currently on display at the Cooper-Hewitt Museum in New York City .
the model is currently on [show] at the cooper-hewitt museum in new york city .

There was an outcry among gallery owners a few years ago , when New York passed a law requiring them to post prices for works that are actually on display .
there was an outcry among gallery owners a few years ago , when new york passed a law requiring them to post prices for works that are actually on [show] .

Despite the return of Monica , whose photograph in a baseball cap competed with that of the pope in a Mexican sombrero for front-page display around the world , the main story across Asia and Europe Monday was the Olympics corruption scandal .
despite the return of monica , whose photograph in a baseball cap competed with that of the pope in a mexican sombrero for front-page [show] around the world , the main story across asia and europe monday was the olympics corruption scandal .

The real purpose of these sweaty efforts is a display of manliness and blue-collar virtue .
the real purpose of these sweaty efforts is a [show] of manliness and blue-collar virtue .

The book is said to display Leonard 's usual `` flair for characters and capers '' ( Henry Louis Gates , The New Yorker ) and period detail .
the book is said to [show] leonard 's usual `` flair for characters and capers '' ( henry louis gates , the new yorker ) and period detail .

Besides , complains New York 's Mark Stevens , there are `` more dresses on display than paintings . ''
besides , complains new york 's mark stevens , there are `` more dresses on [show] than paintings . ''

Besting Rauschenberg and Matisse retrospectives , the museum 's display of 114 motorcycles is the most attended exhibition in its history .
besting rauschenberg and matisse retrospectives , the museum 's [show] of 114 motorcycles is the most attended exhibition in its history .

This week several critics dub it the Great American Musical , including The New Yorker 's John Lahr , who pronounces it `` a theatrical watershed : an awesome pyrotechnical display of theatrical craft and showmanship . ''
this week several critics dub it the great american musical , including the new yorker 's john lahr , who pronounces it `` a theatrical watershed : an awesome pyrotechnical [show] of theatrical craft and showmanship . ''

Otherwise , Weisberg 's sloppy homework is again on display .
otherwise , weisberg 's sloppy homework is again on [show] .

That a man could have such a long acting career in and around Hollywood , display none of his profession 's characteristic egotism and self-absorption , and maintain close , intimate family relationships , including a 54 year marriage , strikes me as remarkable , indeed .
that a man could have such a long acting career in and around hollywood , [show] none of his profession 's characteristic egotism and self-absorption , and maintain close , intimate family relationships , including a 54 year marriage , strikes me as remarkable , indeed .

Jacob Weisberg in `` Brill , Mote , and Beam '' and William Saletan in `` Brill 's Con Game '' both display clear outrage at Brill 's magazine piece .
jacob weisberg in `` brill , mote , and beam '' and william saletan in `` brill 's con game '' both [show] clear outrage at brill 's magazine piece .

She declared that , for the public realm to function effectively , participants must display a love of glory .
she declared that , for the public realm to function effectively , participants must [show] a love of glory .

The law can allow public display of this material , protecting adults ' access but also making it available to children ; or the law can prohibit public display , insulating children but also restricting adults .
the law can allow public [show] of this material , protecting adults ' access but also making it available to children ; or the law can prohibit public [show] , insulating children but also restricting adults .

During the last 10 years , some lower courts have upheld bans on public display of sexually explicit material that 's not technically `` obscene '' on the grounds that the law may shield children even if this keeps , say , a would-be muralist from communicating to adults .
during the last 10 years , some lower courts have upheld bans on public [show] of sexually explicit material that 's not technically `` obscene '' on the grounds that the law may shield children even if this keeps , say , a would-be muralist from communicating to adults .

The stripping ( to a waltz ) that Kidman does in the first frames of Eyes Wide Shut serves only to display her high , tight buttocks and long thighs -- the first of many high , tight buttocks and long thighs in the movie -- and has nothing to do with who she is .
the stripping ( to a waltz ) that kidman does in the first frames of eyes wide shut serves only to [show] her high , tight buttocks and long thighs -- the first of many high , tight buttocks and long thighs in the movie -- and has nothing to do with who she is .

The movie has no ghosts or witches on display , and its lone bit of gore is a piece of cloth containing a mottle of indeterminate organic material .
the movie has no ghosts or witches on [show] , and its lone bit of gore is a piece of cloth containing a mottle of indeterminate organic material .

It is interesting , too , that the two lawyers and the MBA display financial incompetence .
it is interesting , too , that the two lawyers and the mba [show] financial incompetence .

Participants are invited to devise slogans for the following candidates whose sites display no slogans or , in the case of Ms. Dole , have been inaccessible for weeks .
participants are invited to devise slogans for the following candidates whose sites [show] no slogans or , in the case of ms. dole , have been inaccessible for weeks .

Lenin in his mausoleum is an historical symbol of our past , but I agree with Alexiy II , patriarch of all Russia , when he says that it is n't Christian-like behavior to keep the body of a long-dead person on public display . ''
lenin in his mausoleum is an historical symbol of our past , but i agree with alexiy ii , patriarch of all russia , when he says that it is n't christian-like behavior to keep the body of a long-dead person on public [show] . ''

It just so happened that the Department of Corrections had another electric chair , a full-size replica that it had had manufactured and then placed on display at the department 's tiny and strange museum in Tallahassee .
it just so happened that the department of corrections had another electric chair , a full-size replica that it had had manufactured and then placed on [show] at the department 's tiny and strange museum in tallahassee .

The Borders around the corner , which would never dream of selling dirty books , is stocking its register display this week with another kind of smut : Weather Porn .
the borders around the corner , which would never dream of selling dirty books , is stocking its register [show] this week with another kind of smut : weather porn .

To think that this abstemiousness and this display of virtue will primarily benefit the IRS is really just so galling I can hardly stand it .
to think that this abstemiousness and this [show] of virtue will primarily benefit the irs is really just so galling i can hardly stand it .

Until the Malaysian experiment , the prevailing view among pundits was that even if financial crises were driven by self-justifying panic , there was nothing governments could do to curb that panic except to reschedule bank debts -- part , but only part , of the pool of potential flight capital -- and otherwise try to restore confidence by making a conspicuous display of virtue .
until the malaysian experiment , the prevailing view among pundits was that even if financial crises were driven by self-justifying panic , there was nothing governments could do to curb that panic except to reschedule bank debts -- part , but only part , of the pool of potential flight capital -- and otherwise try to restore confidence by making a conspicuous [show] of virtue .

A ) Red light ; offenses include `` strong focus on nuclear warfare and the nihilistic desperation of it ... dangerous example of risky medical assessment ... suggestive eye movement ... display of the yin yang . ''
a ) red light ; offenses include `` strong focus on nuclear warfare and the nihilistic desperation of it ... dangerous example of risky medical assessment ... suggestive eye movement ... [show] of the yin yang . ''

You display a wide range of knowledge , so let me run something by you I have not seen you deal with before : have you any ideas about making some serious money -- fast ?
you [show] a wide range of knowledge , so let me run something by you i have not seen you deal with before : have you any ideas about making some serious money -- fast ?

Because the material is presented after the download is complete , the display is fast .
because the material is presented after the download is complete , the [show] is fast .

Because the process uses the company 's own software and not a standard Web browser , the display is customized to the task at hand , making it attractive and eye-catching .
because the process uses the company 's own software and not a standard web browser , the [show] is customized to the task at hand , making it attractive and eye-catching .

Hart and Rice are knowingly posing for a camera ; you could frame the shot and display it on the coffee table ( as long as you had the right sort of postmodern family living in the house ) .
hart and rice are knowingly posing for a camera ; you could frame the shot and [show] it on the coffee table ( as long as you had the right sort of postmodern family living in the house ) .

Some lawyers think that this may constitute a `` public display , '' similar to illegally publishing a copyrighted photograph in a newspaper , but this argument remains untested .
some lawyers think that this may constitute a `` public [show] , '' similar to illegally publishing a copyrighted photograph in a newspaper , but this argument remains untested .

If courts decide that such framing constitutes a `` public display , '' or even that it causes confusion in the market ( `` unfair competition '' ) , then TotalNEWS is violating intellectual-property law .
if courts decide that such framing constitutes a `` public [show] , '' or even that it causes confusion in the market ( `` unfair competition '' ) , then totalnews is violating intellectual-property law .

After the mortal Semele had an affair with Zeus , Hera , consumed by jealousy , encouraged her to ask Zeus to display to her all the power he possessed .
after the mortal semele had an affair with zeus , hera , consumed by jealousy , encouraged her to ask zeus to [show] to her all the power he possessed .

Furthermore , there is yet another Op-Ed piece in the New York Times today on the Brooklyn Museum show , this one by Philippe de Montebello , in which he characterizes the works on display there as by artists `` who deserve to remain obscure or be forgotten , '' boldly opining , `` I have seen the exhibition , and I think the emperor has no clothes . ''
furthermore , there is yet another op-ed piece in the new york times today on the brooklyn museum show , this one by philippe de montebello , in which he characterizes the works on [show] there as by artists `` who deserve to remain obscure or be forgotten , '' boldly opining , `` i have seen the exhibition , and i think the emperor has no clothes . ''

The autobiographical elements are less intrusive in the chapters on the governorship and the presidency , but Morris ' limitations as a historian and biographer are much more glaringly on display -- as you also note .
the autobiographical elements are less intrusive in the chapters on the governorship and the presidency , but morris ' limitations as a historian and biographer are much more glaringly on [show] -- as you also note .

I felt that you were trying to capitalize on the savage bestiality committed on a small child by whoever strangled her , as well as the abuse committed by her parents , who put her on display in a manner no 6-year-old should be forced to endure .
i felt that you were trying to capitalize on the savage bestiality committed on a small child by whoever strangled her , as well as the abuse committed by her parents , who put her on [show] in a manner no 6-year-old should be forced to endure .

Though devised and marketed on a large scale , shows like the upcoming Van Gogh exhibition at the National Gallery in Washington or the Monet retrospective at the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston fall within the traditional boundaries of what these institutions display .
though devised and marketed on a large scale , shows like the upcoming van gogh exhibition at the national gallery in washington or the monet retrospective at the museum of fine arts in boston fall within the traditional boundaries of what these institutions [show] .

Where modern art ceases to be popular , Krens ceases to display modern art , at least in a main-event manner .
where modern art ceases to be popular , krens ceases to [show] modern art , at least in a main-event manner .

Malcolm Gladwell 's exegesis , however , suggests that we are to vote for the most impressive display of empty virtuosity .
malcolm gladwell 's exegesis , however , suggests that we are to vote for the most impressive [show] of empty virtuosity .

Reich , in his response , is only too happy to put on a display of witty woundedness .
reich , in his response , is only too happy to put on a [show] of witty woundedness .

All the details of the store convey an aesthetic : the lettering on the window , the paper stock used for business cards , the lighting , the floor , the ceiling , the display racks .
all the details of the store convey an aesthetic : the lettering on the window , the paper stock used for business cards , the lighting , the floor , the ceiling , the [show] racks .

It is fake athletic spectacle in which participants are expected to display sexism , homophobia , and sociopathic behavior .
it is fake athletic spectacle in which participants are expected to [show] sexism , homophobia , and sociopathic behavior .

A more subversive sort of queen is on display in Velvet Goldmine , Todd Haynes ' musical fantasia on the early '70s era of `` glam '' or `` glitter '' rock .
a more subversive sort of queen is on [show] in velvet goldmine , todd haynes ' musical fantasia on the early '70s era of `` glam '' or `` glitter '' rock .

Skills on display will be : scalding , sausage stuffing , lard rendering , scrapple making , and much more . ''
skills on [show] will be : scalding , sausage stuffing , lard rendering , scrapple making , and much more . ''

Many of the objects on display in the National Gallery derive from these ceremonial processions .
many of the objects on [show] in the national gallery derive from these ceremonial processions .

For an AIDS prevention event , Levi 's planned to display a Christmas tree decorated with condoms at Wollman skating rink in New York 's Central Park , the well-known public space .
for an aids prevention event , levi 's planned to [show] a christmas tree decorated with condoms at wollman skating rink in new york 's central park , the well-known public space .

The titles alone -- '' Mars Probe Finds Kittens '' and `` Schrödinger 's Cat '' ( which covers `` Sacajawea 's Rain Bonnet '' and `` Wittgenstein 's Banana '' ) -- display Martin 's knack for goofy parody .
the titles alone -- '' mars probe finds kittens '' and `` schrödinger 's cat '' ( which covers `` sacajawea 's rain bonnet '' and `` wittgenstein 's banana '' ) -- [show] martin 's knack for goofy parody .

The Enquirer has a photo display of Tony Randall , 78 ; his wife , Heather , 28 ; their 14-month-old daughter ; and their newborn son .
the enquirer has a photo [show] of tony randall , 78 ; his wife , heather , 28 ; their 14-month-old daughter ; and their newborn son .

For days , the royals were scorned as stuffy brutes for failing to display grief in public .
for days , the royals were scorned as stuffy brutes for failing to [show] grief in public .

For days , the royals were scorned as stuffy brutes for failing to display grief in public .
for days , the royals were scorned as stuffy brutes for failing to [show] grief in public .

Capital city Baku is `` rampant with ham-handed Russian spies , as well as Turkish gangsters ( known for their proud display of chest hair ) , black-eyed Chechen revolutionaries , paranoid American diplomats , fanatical Iranian terrorists and financial speculators of various nationalities . ''
capital city baku is `` rampant with ham-handed russian spies , as well as turkish gangsters ( known for their proud [show] of chest hair ) , black-eyed chechen revolutionaries , paranoid american diplomats , fanatical iranian terrorists and financial speculators of various nationalities . ''

Critics have called it `` bilious , '' `` ham-handed , '' `` a hapless display ... of groundless vanity , '' a `` wretched fiasco . ''
critics have called it `` bilious , '' `` ham-handed , '' `` a hapless [show] ... of groundless vanity , '' a `` wretched fiasco . ''

He loves to acquire them , own them , fondle them , display them -- everything but open them up and read them .
he loves to acquire them , own them , fondle them , [show] them -- everything but open them up and read them .

Bradley 's choices , the Post notes , `` display characteristics that recurred often in his public life : foresight , circumspection , and skill at finding advantage while adhering strictly to the rules . ''
bradley 's choices , the post notes , `` [show] characteristics that recurred often in his public life : foresight , circumspection , and skill at finding advantage while adhering strictly to the rules . ''

I only wish this strong defense of the museum 's Amendment rights had come a little earlier , before the whole issue got muddied up by the disclosure that museum officials were bankrolling the elephant-dung virgin , et al. , by soliciting money from people who stand to profit by its display .
i only wish this strong defense of the museum 's amendment rights had come a little earlier , before the whole issue got muddied up by the disclosure that museum officials were bankrolling the elephant-dung virgin , et al. , by soliciting money from people who stand to profit by its [show] .

The Seattle Times recently ran a front-page story about the increase of tailgating on freeways , a display of bad manners locals blame on the influx of Californians .
the seattle times recently ran a front-page story about the increase of tailgating on freeways , a [show] of bad manners locals blame on the influx of californians .

For Slate readers who wish to fondle this classic of our times , bind it in leather , display it on their coffee tables , and pass it along as a treasured heirloom to their children , we are proud to offer a new sort of instant book .
for slate readers who wish to fondle this classic of our times , bind it in leather , [show] it on their coffee tables , and pass it along as a treasured heirloom to their children , we are proud to offer a new sort of instant book .

Most of the subsequent Microsoft witnesses brought to the trial the same set of characteristics that were so vividly on display during the Gates deposition : defensiveness , arrogance , an unwillingness to say anything straightforwardly .
most of the subsequent microsoft witnesses brought to the trial the same set of characteristics that were so vividly on [show] during the gates deposition : defensiveness , arrogance , an unwillingness to say anything straightforwardly .

As Lamar stares , slack-jawed , at the display case , the Butter Cow Lady herself is inside of it , applying more Land O'Lakes to the left shoulder of an apostle who might be Judas .
as lamar stares , slack-jawed , at the [show] case , the butter cow lady herself is inside of it , applying more land o'lakes to the left shoulder of an apostle who might be judas .

The Judiciary Committee offers as fine a display of intellect and surliness as can be found in Washington .
the judiciary committee offers as fine a [show] of intellect and surliness as can be found in washington .

General conclusions : 1 ) Star player David Beckham was an idiot to have committed the foul that got him kicked out of the game ( `` an astonishing display of petulance , '' says the Mirror ) ; 2 ) Beckham 's infraction was harmless and did not warrant an ejection ; and 3 ) 18-year-old phenom Michael Owen is a brilliant talent .
general conclusions : 1 ) star player david beckham was an idiot to have committed the foul that got him kicked out of the game ( `` an astonishing [show] of petulance , '' says the mirror ) ; 2 ) beckham 's infraction was harmless and did not warrant an ejection ; and 3 ) 18-year-old phenom michael owen is a brilliant talent .

In Bangladesh , the Daily Star called the U.S. missile attacks `` utterly injudicious and irresponsible '' and `` a wanton display of vengeance by the world 's only super-power . ''
in bangladesh , the daily star called the u.s. missile attacks `` utterly injudicious and irresponsible '' and `` a wanton [show] of vengeance by the world 's only super-power . ''

The LAT IRS lead calls the reform bill 's passage by a 426-4 margin a `` spectacular display of bipartisanship '' created by last month 's Senate hearings on IRS mismanagement and taxpayer abuse .
the lat irs lead calls the reform bill 's passage by a 426-4 margin a `` spectacular [show] of bipartisanship '' created by last month 's senate hearings on irs mismanagement and taxpayer abuse .

What 's most interesting about today 's coverage of the Albright story is the amount of story-shaping on display .
what 's most interesting about today 's coverage of the albright story is the amount of story-shaping on [show] .

The emotional display , especially rare in Japan , underscored the starkness of the situation .
the emotional [show] , especially rare in japan , underscored the starkness of the situation .

I 've wondered why that building was engineered to present such an elaborate display of democracy in a town where democracy has been supplanted by corporate control .
i 've wondered why that building was engineered to present such an elaborate [show] of democracy in a town where democracy has been supplanted by corporate control .

This is , after all , a city where the commissioner of consumer affairs yesterday held a news conference on location in front of a display of `` tofu triangles '' to present his findings that New York deli customers are routinely overcharged 30 cents for salads at salad bars because the delis charge for the plastic containers .
this is , after all , a city where the commissioner of consumer affairs yesterday held a news conference on location in front of a [show] of `` tofu triangles '' to present his findings that new york deli customers are routinely overcharged 30 cents for salads at salad bars because the delis charge for the plastic containers .

By contrast the complex systems of braids worn by many black women seem like elegant reincarnations of ancient Egyptian or Minoan practice , a civilized display of effort made , precise care taken , beauty manifestly pursued and achieved in the most august tradition .
by contrast the complex systems of braids worn by many black women seem like elegant reincarnations of ancient egyptian or minoan practice , a civilized [show] of effort made , precise care taken , beauty manifestly pursued and achieved in the most august tradition .

Tannen , however , treats it only as a display of the `` cruelty of cross-examination . ''
tannen , however , treats it only as a [show] of the `` cruelty of cross-examination . ''

Putting monograms on display on garments is very recent .
putting monograms on [show] on garments is very recent .

These prove that Hester Prynne 's proud display of her A was prophetic .
these prove that hester prynne 's proud [show] of her a was prophetic .

It was a creepy , discouraging display .
it was a creepy , discouraging [show] .

A girl 's respectability was forever sundered from the concealment of her bodily facts -- quite the reverse , it became attached to their display .
a girl 's respectability was forever sundered from the concealment of her bodily facts -- quite the reverse , it became attached to their [show] .

Black professionals braid their hair to display their ethnic pride .
black professionals braid their hair to [show] their ethnic pride .

The whole display vividly depicts what men have envied for so long .
the whole [show] vividly depicts what men have envied for so long .

They aim to avoid embarrassing or intimidating others , either with display -- of bare skin or startling color -- or with a show of personal force .
they aim to avoid embarrassing or intimidating others , either with [show] -- of bare skin or startling color -- or with a show of personal force .

Newscasters spoke of the Flower Revolution , of the possibility that England might at last stop clinging to ancient protocol and allow its citizens to display the normal range of human emotion .
newscasters spoke of the flower revolution , of the possibility that england might at last stop clinging to ancient protocol and allow its citizens to [show] the normal range of human emotion .

Newt Gingrich , said Stephanopoulos in a somewhat stagy display of his newfound powers of objectivity .
newt gingrich , said stephanopoulos in a somewhat stagy [show] of his newfound powers of objectivity .

The site purported to display footage , picked up from an `` NY University Dorm Cam , '' of young women dressed in skimpy clothing bearing the NYU insignia cavorting in a room decorated with NYU paraphernalia .
the site purported to [show] footage , picked up from an `` ny university dorm cam , '' of young women dressed in skimpy clothing bearing the nyu insignia cavorting in a room decorated with nyu paraphernalia .

According to the Times Higher Education Supplement , pig farmers , in an attempt to meet increased consumer demand for lean pork , have over the last few years been breeding thinner pigs -- some of which display symptoms of anorexia .
according to the times higher education supplement , pig farmers , in an attempt to meet increased consumer demand for lean pork , have over the last few years been breeding thinner pigs -- some of which [show] symptoms of anorexia .

Plenty of white-guy blandness on display in Tom Clancy 's Netforce , a thriller about an elite group of FBI cyber-cops in the year 2005 who are fighting Internet crime and a powerful computer titan modeled after Bill Gates ( ABC , Monday and Thursday at 9 p.m. ) .
plenty of white-guy blandness on [show] in tom clancy 's netforce , a thriller about an elite group of fbi cyber-cops in the year 2005 who are fighting internet crime and a powerful computer titan modeled after bill gates ( abc , monday and thursday at 9 p.m. ) .

Many participants suggested that Woolsey vexed Helms with her unladylike display of proto-male behavior -- spitting , cursing , and scratching your balls .
many participants suggested that woolsey vexed helms with her unladylike [show] of proto-male behavior -- spitting , cursing , and scratching your balls .

Its high-tech companies display admirable flexibility , reward merit , welcome new ideas , and abhor government regulation .
its high-tech companies [show] admirable flexibility , reward merit , welcome new ideas , and abhor government regulation .

There 's a lot of Al Gore 's quote brilliance unquote suspiciously on display today .
there 's a lot of al gore 's quote brilliance unquote suspiciously on [show] today .

The nuances of the administration 's thinking about sanctions are on display in a NYT front-page piece that depicts Bill Clinton at a White House meeting of Christian evangelical leaders , unaware that a Times reporter was there too .
the nuances of the administration 's thinking about sanctions are on [show] in a nyt front-page piece that depicts bill clinton at a white house meeting of christian evangelical leaders , unaware that a times reporter was there too .

Meanwhile , the WP front observes firm differences about gender on display in the Court 's 6-3 decision to uphold the law that automatically grants U.S. citizenship to an out-of-wedlock child if the mother is an American , but not if only the father is .
meanwhile , the wp front observes firm differences about gender on [show] in the court 's 6-3 decision to uphold the law that automatically grants u.s. citizenship to an out-of-wedlock child if the mother is an american , but not if only the father is .

The deep thoughts of television 's top executives as they existentially struggle with life after Seinfeld are on display in a NYT front-page effort by its TV bigfoot Bill Carter .
the deep thoughts of television 's top executives as they existentially struggle with life after seinfeld are on [show] in a nyt front-page effort by its tv bigfoot bill carter .

He was apparently drawn to women who specialized in `` trouser roles '' -- three are on display in the exhibition , including a particularly intense ambrotype ( a cheaper and less luminous form of daguerreotype ) of Felicita Vestvali , a lesbian who often appeared as Hamlet .
he was apparently drawn to women who specialized in `` trouser roles '' -- three are on [show] in the exhibition , including a particularly intense ambrotype ( a cheaper and less luminous form of daguerreotype ) of felicita vestvali , a lesbian who often appeared as hamlet .

Posed groups of commissars , meanwhile , display collective warmth in the way that department-store mannequins do when they are grouped on the same pedestal .
posed groups of commissars , meanwhile , [show] collective warmth in the way that department-store mannequins do when they are grouped on the same pedestal .

We are currently capable of perpetrating every kind of visual lie on display here , and seamlessly and invisibly at that , for reasons some may well think are justified .
we are currently capable of perpetrating every kind of visual lie on [show] here , and seamlessly and invisibly at that , for reasons some may well think are justified .

A major retrospective of Levinthal 's work , including some images from `` Blackface '' ( 1995-96 ) , is now on display at the International Center of Photography on the Upper East Side of New York City .
a major retrospective of levinthal 's work , including some images from `` blackface '' ( 1995-96 ) , is now on [show] at the international center of photography on the upper east side of new york city .

Blu Dot Design , for instance , offered its handsome and functional Uptown series : a cocktail table ( $ 499 ) , sideboard ( $ 899 ) , and media cabinet ( $ 649 ) of cherry , chrome , and sandblasted glass that discreetly allow for both storage and display .
blu dot design , for instance , offered its handsome and functional uptown series : a cocktail table ( $ 499 ) , sideboard ( $ 899 ) , and media cabinet ( $ 649 ) of cherry , chrome , and sandblasted glass that discreetly allow for both storage and [show] .

For example , if a C++ programmer wrote a program to make his computer display the words , `` Hello , World , '' the source code might look like this :
for example , if a c++ programmer wrote a program to make his computer [show] the words , `` hello , world , '' the source code might look like this :

In imitation of Rembrandt 's flayed ox on display at the Louvre , Soutine hung a carcass of beef in his studio .
in imitation of rembrandt 's flayed ox on [show] at the louvre , soutine hung a carcass of beef in his studio .

What better solution than to export some of their most prestigious but rarely seen images , the drawings of Michelangelo , for public display in the wide world ?
what better solution than to export some of their most prestigious but rarely seen images , the drawings of michelangelo , for public [show] in the wide world ?

Turn-of-the-century courts did not display a libertarian attitude toward civil rights ; they displayed a libertarian attitude toward economic rights , tending to throw out legislation aimed at regulating industry and protecting workers on the grounds that people had a constitutional right to enter into contracts and to use their own property as they saw fit .
turn-of-the-century courts did not [show] a libertarian attitude toward civil rights ; they displayed a libertarian attitude toward economic rights , tending to throw out legislation aimed at regulating industry and protecting workers on the grounds that people had a constitutional right to enter into contracts and to use their own property as they saw fit .

The show , which is curated by Elisabeth Sussman , has on display paintings and architects ' models and comic strips and film clips and photographs and a few items of women 's clothing , all made by artists and designers in and of New York between 1900 and 1960 .
the show , which is curated by elisabeth sussman , has on [show] paintings and architects ' models and comic strips and film clips and photographs and a few items of women 's clothing , all made by artists and designers in and of new york between 1900 and 1960 .

All the poking and prodding rouses the irritated victim herself to a joke , an unusual display of wit at her and his expense .
all the poking and prodding rouses the irritated victim herself to a joke , an unusual [show] of wit at her and his expense .

You 'll be floating contentedly along in Klein 's pleasant , foamy prose -- '' the gorgeous display of her colossal adiposity , her thundering , moonfaced , creviced posterior , evokes a vastly delicious , ( sub ) lunar landscape in which an explorer could lose himself in pleasure forever .
you 'll be floating contentedly along in klein 's pleasant , foamy prose -- '' the gorgeous [show] of her colossal adiposity , her thundering , moonfaced , creviced posterior , evokes a vastly delicious , ( sub ) lunar landscape in which an explorer could lose himself in pleasure forever .

At least the first three-quarters of the Frank Lloyd Wright spiral and its sideways annexes -- traveling up -- display one dazzling triumph of eye over reflex after another , some of them iconic by now , others seldom shown and vitally fresh .
at least the first three-quarters of the frank lloyd wright spiral and its sideways annexes -- traveling up -- [show] one dazzling triumph of eye over reflex after another , some of them iconic by now , others seldom shown and vitally fresh .

It is a famous West Coast entrepreneur , rather than obscure Middle American hicks , to whom Simpson grants the chance to display a zealous ambition born of delusory innocence .
it is a famous west coast entrepreneur , rather than obscure middle american hicks , to whom simpson grants the chance to [show] a zealous ambition born of delusory innocence .

What is striking about the ensemble of her works on display ( more than 100 pieces ) is her freedom .
what is striking about the ensemble of her works on [show] ( more than 100 pieces ) is her freedom .

While the van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam gets a facelift and a new wing , the heart of its collection ( including The Bedroom ) is on display , like the Dutch crown jewels , in Washington .
while the van gogh museum in amsterdam gets a facelift and a new wing , the heart of its collection ( including the bedroom ) is on [show] , like the dutch crown jewels , in washington .

Many of the works on display here could be seen as personal variations on the `` Large Glass . ''
many of the works on [show] here could be seen as personal variations on the `` large glass . ''

This attitude was on display when Bauer made his usual assault on Bush 's China policy .
this attitude was on [show] when bauer made his usual assault on bush 's china policy .

I just came up with this about half an hour ago , because I have family in Montreal , and when I go to visit them I do n't want to stop at a convenience store for a pack of gum and have to look at a display case of diseased lung photos .
i just came up with this about half an hour ago , because i have family in montreal , and when i go to visit them i do n't want to stop at a convenience store for a pack of gum and have to look at a [show] case of diseased lung photos .

When Clinton lawyer Bob Bennett requested that the Paula Jones trial begin sooner than scheduled , reporters construed it as a display of confidence .
when clinton lawyer bob bennett requested that the paula jones trial begin sooner than scheduled , reporters construed it as a [show] of confidence .

The same spectacle seems to be on display throughout the country .
the same spectacle seems to be on [show] throughout the country .

According to the Globe , Mrs. Clinton 's recent display of her own décolletage was actually a pronouncement about the state of her marriage : That revealing new wardrobe and snazzy haircut are a dead giveaway that `` it 's just a matter of time '' before she divorces the president .
according to the globe , mrs. clinton 's recent [show] of her own décolletage was actually a pronouncement about the state of her marriage : that revealing new wardrobe and snazzy haircut are a dead giveaway that `` it 's just a matter of time '' before she divorces the president .

Plimpton got lost in his list at one point , but despite referring to one of the contributors to the display 's soundtrack as `` Cecille Dion , '' he brought to the event his patrician sonorities and his fabled familiarity with fireworks .
plimpton got lost in his list at one point , but despite referring to one of the contributors to the [show] 's soundtrack as `` cecille dion , '' he brought to the event his patrician sonorities and his fabled familiarity with fireworks .

Apart from Warhol 's own iconic status , his pose recalls a notorious moment of '60s political theater : Lyndon Johnson 's display , to a press corps as yet unaccustomed to familiarity with the intimate anatomy of presidents , of his gall-bladder surgery scar , which illustrator David Levine later rendered as a map of Vietnam .
apart from warhol 's own iconic status , his pose recalls a notorious moment of '60s political theater : lyndon johnson 's [show] , to a press corps as yet unaccustomed to familiarity with the intimate anatomy of presidents , of his gall-bladder surgery scar , which illustrator david levine later rendered as a map of vietnam .

It is rare to find opprobrium heaped on a cherished book or play or millennial fireworks display .
it is rare to find opprobrium heaped on a cherished book or play or millennial fireworks [show] .

Mlb will keep him in the game without any moral courage -- some public display of contrition , lessons learned , amends made , Prozac taken -- but without the booing and the shunning and the denouncing .
mlb will keep him in the game without any moral courage -- some public [show] of contrition , lessons learned , amends made , prozac taken -- but without the booing and the shunning and the denouncing .

The current display at the Museum at Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City is called `` Shoes : A Lexicon of Style . ''
the current [show] at the museum at fashion institute of technology in new york city is called `` shoes : a lexicon of style . ''

White students who attend a `` diverse '' college campus are more likely to work in integrated settings and to display ambition , confidence , and other worthy traits , the school attests .
white students who attend a `` diverse '' college campus are more likely to work in integrated settings and to [show] ambition , confidence , and other worthy traits , the school attests .

Their object is not to display their individuality , except that they want to choose their group .
their object is not to [show] their individuality , except that they want to choose their group .

It gives people who are qualified and knowledgeable an opportunity to display their skills .
it gives people who are qualified and knowledgeable an opportunity to [show] their skills .

There are more than 700 works on display here , including not only paintings , drawings , sculptures , and photographs but also sheet music , music playing in the stairwells , clips from movies , movie posters , novels , furniture , design objects , architectural models , and stills from dance programs , plays , operas , and musicals .
there are more than 700 works on [show] here , including not only paintings , drawings , sculptures , and photographs but also sheet music , music playing in the stairwells , clips from movies , movie posters , novels , furniture , design objects , architectural models , and stills from dance programs , plays , operas , and musicals .

If it wants to achieve a national accord , it 's logical that it must display an openness to reconciliation . ''
if it wants to achieve a national accord , it 's logical that it must [show] an openness to reconciliation . ''

On Tuesday , in Texas , after a public display of affection , one of them playfully grabbed the other by the wrist and shouted , `` Run !
on tuesday , in texas , after a public [show] of affection , one of them playfully grabbed the other by the wrist and shouted , `` run !

A museum collector needs history in material form , the better to display its links with the productions of more recent ateliers .
a museum collector needs history in material form , the better to [show] its links with the productions of more recent ateliers .

Going for him : 1 ) infectious charisma as seen at his terrific performance at the Grammys and which is constantly on display on MTV ; 2 ) boyish good looks -- he was named one of People 's `` 50 Most Beautiful People '' ; and 3 ) he 's friends with Madonna .
going for him : 1 ) infectious charisma as seen at his terrific performance at the grammys and which is constantly on [show] on mtv ; 2 ) boyish good looks -- he was named one of people 's `` 50 most beautiful people '' ; and 3 ) he 's friends with madonna .

Click to see what I mean ) intended to display the jewels , which are the lyrics .
click to see what i mean ) intended to [show] the jewels , which are the lyrics .

This year , I 'm determined to make my selection while I 'm still looking at spring 's display , deciding what I need , and how many , and where it will all go .
this year , i 'm determined to make my selection while i 'm still looking at spring 's [show] , deciding what i need , and how many , and where it will all go .

Though Costner 's hymn to post-apocalyptic mail delivery was not nearly as bad a movie as everybody said , it did display a riotous disdain for common sense .
though costner 's hymn to post-apocalyptic mail delivery was not nearly as bad a movie as everybody said , it did [show] a riotous disdain for common sense .

In the current exhibit of Picasso 's early work on display in the National Gallery in Washington ( which is pegged to Richardson 's first volume ) , the walls wreak havoc with art history : Picasso consuming Symbolism ; Picasso eating Impressionism ; Picasso devouring Fauvism .
in the current exhibit of picasso 's early work on [show] in the national gallery in washington ( which is pegged to richardson 's first volume ) , the walls wreak havoc with art history : picasso consuming symbolism ; picasso eating impressionism ; picasso devouring fauvism .

Superstores now allow publishers to pay to place a book up front or in the window or to display advertising .
superstores now allow publishers to pay to place a book up front or in the window or to [show] advertising .

The standoff was sparked April 27 when police arrested two ROT members -- one because he refused to display license plates on his vehicle .
the standoff was sparked april 27 when police arrested two rot members -- one because he refused to [show] license plates on his vehicle .

In Serbia , President Slobodan Milosevic sanctioned the removal in 1987 of the body of Serbian hero Czar Lazar , killed 600 years before by Turks at the Battle of Kosovo , so it could be paraded around Slovenia and Croatia in a display of Serb power .
in serbia , president slobodan milosevic sanctioned the removal in 1987 of the body of serbian hero czar lazar , killed 600 years before by turks at the battle of kosovo , so it could be paraded around slovenia and croatia in a [show] of serb power .

What he actually said was that he prefers magazines that come in e-mail , and he reads them on his specially designed computer screen that can display a three-page memo .
what he actually said was that he prefers magazines that come in e-mail , and he reads them on his specially designed computer screen that can [show] a three-page memo .

Among other features , it allows even the smallest standard computer screen to display the entire contents of an issue of Slate without scrolling .
among other features , it allows even the smallest standard computer screen to [show] the entire contents of an issue of slate without scrolling .

Democrats display the opposite inconsistency .
democrats [show] the opposite inconsistency .

The display of bluster in the Times and on television this past weekend suggests that Bennett is the wrong lawyer for Clinton in the Paula Jones case .
the [show] of bluster in the times and on television this past weekend suggests that bennett is the wrong lawyer for clinton in the paula jones case .

This unctuous display infuriated members of the press corps -- several told me they avoid talking to Lewis .
this unctuous [show] infuriated members of the press corps -- several told me they avoid talking to lewis .

One , in a tie and vest , motions toward a display board .
one , in a tie and vest , motions toward a [show] board .

The page will display a running vote count , expressed in percentage terms .
the page will [show] a running vote count , expressed in percentage terms .

How could a man so dissolute in his private life display such discipline in his public role ?
how could a man so dissolute in his private life [show] such discipline in his public role ?

There was nothing hostile , rancorous , weak-minded , or confused in their confident love of extreme display .
there was nothing hostile , rancorous , weak-minded , or confused in their confident love of extreme [show] .

At least it was , until a man named Edward R. Tufte began to publish his work about the display of information in the early 1980s .
at least it was , until a man named edward r. tufte began to publish his work about the [show] of information in the early 1980s .

In 1983 he produced an elegant book with the unprepossessing title The Visual Display of Quantitative Information , which both explained and demonstrated certain rules for presenting numerical data in a graphically arresting manner .
in 1983 he produced an elegant book with the unprepossessing title the visual [show] of quantitative information , which both explained and demonstrated certain rules for presenting numerical data in a graphically arresting manner .

The Visual Display of Quantitative Information had been devoted to pictures of numbers , he explains -- '' how to depict data and enforce statistical honesty '' whether the subject is traffic deaths or the distribution of galaxies .
the visual [show] of quantitative information had been devoted to pictures of numbers , he explains -- '' how to depict data and enforce statistical honesty '' whether the subject is traffic deaths or the distribution of galaxies .

What makes a visual display effective ?
what makes a visual [show] effective ?

It was a romantic and competitive display , emphatically a girl thing .
it was a romantic and competitive [show] , emphatically a girl thing .

The old-fashioned romantic display has been profitably invigorated with sex , fashion , and progressive technical excitement , to say nothing of unceasing soap-operatic drama played out among the participants and spun out in the media .
the old-fashioned romantic [show] has been profitably invigorated with sex , fashion , and progressive technical excitement , to say nothing of unceasing soap-operatic drama played out among the participants and spun out in the media .

The concepts of overrated and underrated inevitably intersect with this discussion , because to be described as either of these things one must display a degree both of knownness and of hypeness .
the concepts of overrated and underrated inevitably intersect with this discussion , because to be described as either of these things one must [show] a degree both of knownness and of hypeness .

When Great Britain next comes under criticism for having absconded with the Elgin Marbles from the Acropolis , we should expect their prominent display in the British Museum to be brought up as part of a value-added defense .
when great britain next comes under criticism for having absconded with the elgin marbles from the acropolis , we should expect their prominent [show] in the british museum to be brought up as part of a value-added defense .

With Wayne Shorter on tenor saxophone , Herbie Hancock on piano , Ron Carter on bass , and Williams on drums , Davis had a dream team , and the quintet 's music is as much a display of their talent as it is of Davis ' .
with wayne shorter on tenor saxophone , herbie hancock on piano , ron carter on bass , and williams on drums , davis had a dream team , and the quintet 's music is as much a [show] of their talent as it is of davis ' .

Many women there display the range of hairstyles and cosmetics and physical exposure found in any big city .
many women there [show] the range of hairstyles and cosmetics and physical exposure found in any big city .

Eponymous terms allow almost anyone to display competence , even brilliance , at coining useful and appropriate-sounding new words -- thereby encouraging further attempts to do so .
eponymous terms allow almost anyone to [show] competence , even brilliance , at coining useful and appropriate-sounding new words -- thereby encouraging further attempts to do so .

The LAT reports on its front page that federal authorities in New York have charged three people and the news bulletin service they work for , an outfit called Breaking News Network , with mail fraud , conspiracy and electronic privacy violations in connection with the interception of pagers ' display messages .
the lat reports on its front page that federal authorities in new york have charged three people and the news bulletin service they work for , an outfit called breaking news network , with mail fraud , conspiracy and electronic privacy violations in connection with the interception of pagers ' [show] messages .

Saddam obviously cares nothing for the suffering of his people , except to display their torn bodies on television as evidence of American evil .
saddam obviously cares nothing for the suffering of his people , except to [show] their torn bodies on television as evidence of american evil .

For the millions of Americans who considered themselves survivors of dysfunction and abuse and believed fervently in the healing power of the couch or their support groups , Clinton 's implied awareness of his `` feeling reality '' was much more appealing than any display of machismo .
for the millions of americans who considered themselves survivors of dysfunction and abuse and believed fervently in the healing power of the couch or their support groups , clinton 's implied awareness of his `` feeling reality '' was much more appealing than any [show] of machismo .

Thus , visitors can find on display a swatch of diseased colon removed from a Union soldier plagued by terminal diarrhea , and pieces of John Wilkes Booth 's vertebrae , not to mention such miscellany as Siamese twins in a jar and a Peruvian mummy .
thus , visitors can find on [show] a swatch of diseased colon removed from a union soldier plagued by terminal diarrhea , and pieces of john wilkes booth 's vertebrae , not to mention such miscellany as siamese twins in a jar and a peruvian mummy .

Just how competent the new organization may be is on display at Berlaymont , the first European Commission headquarters .
just how competent the new organization may be is on [show] at berlaymont , the first european commission headquarters .

My search had begun the day before at Hecht 's in downtown Washington , D.C. Navigating through brightly colored racks of Tommy Hilfiger gear and a bold display of Timberland boots , I had been distracted by a drab blot to the right of the aisle .
my search had begun the day before at hecht 's in downtown washington , d.c. navigating through brightly colored racks of tommy hilfiger gear and a bold [show] of timberland boots , i had been distracted by a drab blot to the right of the aisle .

The House-Senate divide on impeachment matters is put on sharp display in a `` Face the Nation '' remark by Sen. Patrick Leahy about the House quoted by the NYT : `` They flunked the exam in their body .
the house-senate divide on impeachment matters is put on sharp [show] in a `` face the nation '' remark by sen. patrick leahy about the house quoted by the nyt : `` they flunked the exam in their body .

The WP , NYT , and LAT each report on a Westminster , California shopkeeper 's attempts to display a poster of Ho Chi Minh and a Communist Vietnam flag in his video store 's window .
the wp , nyt , and lat each report on a westminster , california shopkeeper 's attempts to [show] a poster of ho chi minh and a communist vietnam flag in his video store 's window .

The man , a Vietnamese , is thought to have set up the display to anger certain of his neighboring retailers in the `` Little Saigon '' neighborhood , home to more than 200,000 Vietnamese Americans , many of whom fled to the U.S. just ahead of communist troops or only after being imprisoned by them for a few years .
the man , a vietnamese , is thought to have set up the [show] to anger certain of his neighboring retailers in the `` little saigon '' neighborhood , home to more than 200,000 vietnamese americans , many of whom fled to the u.s. just ahead of communist troops or only after being imprisoned by them for a few years .

The papers report that after being previously beaten , picketed and served with an eviction notice because of his window display , the man won the right in court yesterday to put it up again .
the papers report that after being previously beaten , picketed and served with an eviction notice because of his window [show] , the man won the right in court yesterday to put it up again .

The NYT front shows the bodies on display in a village mosque with shrouds over their heads , where they were apparently shot at close range .
the nyt front shows the bodies on [show] in a village mosque with shrouds over their heads , where they were apparently shot at close range .

Examples of `` worsening congestion and strain '' at the White House the Post cites include : `` Storage space is so scarce that items for holiday decorations and the yearly Easter egg roll are kept elsewhere '' ; `` The China Room , where the presidential china is on display , doubles as a coat room for state dinners '' ; and `` The florists were forced to open boxes of flowers on a table set up in the corridor . ''
examples of `` worsening congestion and strain '' at the white house the post cites include : `` storage space is so scarce that items for holiday decorations and the yearly easter egg roll are kept elsewhere '' ; `` the china room , where the presidential china is on [show] , doubles as a coat room for state dinners '' ; and `` the florists were forced to open boxes of flowers on a table set up in the corridor . ''

Another Rashomon effect is on display in the papers ' treatment of Alan Greenspan 's congressional testimony yesterday about the just-announced Clinton proposal to allow some Social Security funds to be invested in the stock market .
another rashomon effect is on [show] in the papers ' treatment of alan greenspan 's congressional testimony yesterday about the just-announced clinton proposal to allow some social security funds to be invested in the stock market .

Five thousand people a day , most of them who 've never before been to the Guggenheim or any other museum , are coming to see a display of motorcycles .
five thousand people a day , most of them who 've never before been to the guggenheim or any other museum , are coming to see a [show] of motorcycles .

While the WP is optimistic -- '' The ceremony fulfilled the hopes of organizers who wanted the event to provide a grand gesture of reconciliation '' -- the NYT story takes the tone of its headline -- '' Russia 's Conflicts on Display at Burial . ''
while the wp is optimistic -- '' the ceremony fulfilled the hopes of organizers who wanted the event to provide a grand gesture of reconciliation '' -- the nyt story takes the tone of its headline -- '' russia 's conflicts on [show] at burial . ''

Scene words for homosexual hustlers display even more anglicisms .
scene words for homosexual hustlers [show] even more anglicisms .

The inventiveness of such word-users may also be uncontrolled , a feature of which little account has been taken in analyzing Caribbean language use , the display of diction practised by elderly men on such festive occasions as christenings and weddings , especially the latter .
the inventiveness of such word-users may also be uncontrolled , a feature of which little account has been taken in analyzing caribbean language use , the [show] of diction practised by elderly men on such festive occasions as christenings and weddings , especially the latter .

The Franklin Language Master , a ¥199.95 , hand-held , electronic dictionary , offered in a mail-order catalogue accompanying The Sunday Times [ London ] of 8 January 1989 , is illustrated by a photograph of the device with the following display :
the franklin language master , a ¥199.95 , hand-held , electronic dictionary , offered in a mail-order catalogue accompanying the sunday times [ london ] of 8 january 1989 , is illustrated by a photograph of the device with the following [show] :

They differ only in the method used to display the results .
they differ only in the method used to [show] the results .

It is my belief that those who originally coined the terms analog and digital watch intended only to describe the display , not the underlying physics or any relationship to computers .
it is my belief that those who originally coined the terms analog and digital watch intended only to describe the [show] , not the underlying physics or any relationship to computers .

An analog display moves continuously , like the Earth or time , and a digital display shows numbers .
an analog [show] moves continuously , like the earth or time , and a digital [show] shows numbers .

You can not display the entire word list to examine it , but , from the directory of programs I can invoke on the monitor , I know it contains about 223,000 characters , or about 37,000 words .
you can not [show] the entire word list to examine it , but , from the directory of programs i can invoke on the monitor , i know it contains about 223,000 characters , or about 37,000 words .

Minsky 's at the Hilton , Regent 's Park , Lodge Road , NW8 ( 01-722-7722 ) The Franklin Language Master , a ¥199.95 , hand-held , electronic dictionary , offered in a mail-order catalogue accompanying The Sunday Times [ London ] of 8 January 1989 , is illustrated by a photograph of the device with the following display :
minsky 's at the hilton , regent 's park , lodge road , nw8 ( 01-722-7722 ) the franklin language master , a ¥199.95 , hand-held , electronic dictionary , offered in a mail-order catalogue accompanying the sunday times [ london ] of 8 january 1989 , is illustrated by a photograph of the device with the following [show] :

Other terms that elicit laughter are lower on the pecking order because , although they may display quick thinking , they may lack the tight framework .
other terms that elicit laughter are lower on the pecking order because , although they may [show] quick thinking , they may lack the tight framework .

There are three principal enhancements : ( i ) the addition of a Windows installation program , ( ii ) the ability to display and print out using True Type™ fonts , ( iii ) the inclusion of an RTF ( Rich Text Format copying facility to MSWord for Windows 2.0 ( or higher ) and a DDE ( Dynamic Data Exchange ) link to MSWord for Windows 2.0 ( or higher ) .
there are three principal enhancements : ( i ) the addition of a windows installation program , ( ii ) the ability to [show] and print out using true type™ fonts , ( iii ) the inclusion of an rtf ( rich text format copying facility to msword for windows 2.0 ( or higher ) and a dde ( dynamic data exchange ) link to msword for windows 2.0 ( or higher ) .

Real time in jargon applies to doing something without time for planning or previous thought , as in the minutes before a presentation ( or indeed during it ) , creating a display to replace the key prop someone forgot .
real time in jargon applies to doing something without time for planning or previous thought , as in the minutes before a presentation ( or indeed during it ) , creating a [show] to replace the key prop someone forgot .

After entering the proper definition in the margin , Selfish and corrupt behind a display of seeming benevolence , I sat down to decipher the new version : unctuously hypocritical .
after entering the proper definition in the margin , selfish and corrupt behind a [show] of seeming benevolence , i sat down to decipher the new version : unctuously hypocritical .

They are not simply characters who display contrived earnestness and advertise virtues they do n't have , like the big smile and self-bestowed nickname Honest John , your friendly usedcar dealer .
they are not simply characters who [show] contrived earnestness and advertise virtues they do n't have , like the big smile and self-bestowed nickname honest john , your friendly usedcar dealer .

Was Charles Keating , as he passed out worthless bonds in exchange for thousands of citizens ' retirement nest eggs , merely unctuously hypocritical , or was he corrupt behind a display of seeming benevolence ?
was charles keating , as he passed out worthless bonds in exchange for thousands of citizens ' retirement nest eggs , merely unctuously hypocritical , or was he corrupt behind a [show] of seeming benevolence ?

In an engaging , wide-ranging display of erudition , Firmage discusses the letters ' symbological values in such diverse parlances as chemistry , music , ancient and modern mysticism ( including far too much New Age material for my tastes ) , while quotes from such diverse figures as Joyce , Rabelais , Dostoyevsky , Bob Dylan -- and Elmer Fudd -- interlard the text .
in an engaging , wide-ranging [show] of erudition , firmage discusses the letters ' symbological values in such diverse parlances as chemistry , music , ancient and modern mysticism ( including far too much new age material for my tastes ) , while quotes from such diverse figures as joyce , rabelais , dostoyevsky , bob dylan -- and elmer fudd -- interlard the text .

In spite of the frantic bed-shifting , they were delighted to have an English guest to display .
in spite of the frantic bed-shifting , they were delighted to have an english guest to [show] .

He called it “ a tiny novel that begs comparison with giants : Tolstoy 's War and Peace , Flaubert 's Sentimental Education , and Lawrence 's Women in Love may be bigger , but The Young Visiters too manages to contain and display , more gracefully than the giants , an entire civilization. ” He added that Daisy Ashford “ is as ambitious as George Eliot and as innovative as Gertrude Stein and Virginia Woolf. ” As Beatrice Lillie used to say , “ You could have knocked me over with a fender ! ” I really had not thought about The Young Visiters in that context .
he called it “ a tiny novel that begs comparison with giants : tolstoy 's war and peace , flaubert 's sentimental education , and lawrence 's women in love may be bigger , but the young visiters too manages to contain and [show] , more gracefully than the giants , an entire civilization. ” he added that daisy ashford “ is as ambitious as george eliot and as innovative as gertrude stein and virginia woolf. ” as beatrice lillie used to say , “ you could have knocked me over with a fender ! ” i really had not thought about the young visiters in that context .

It must be said that space is at a premium in these expensive books , and if , say , a dozen citations are found for each of the spellings thickwitted and thick-witted , one can be sure that no lexicographer , thrifty of space , will display the variant , whichever he perceives that to be .
it must be said that space is at a premium in these expensive books , and if , say , a dozen citations are found for each of the spellings thickwitted and thick-witted , one can be sure that no lexicographer , thrifty of space , will [show] the variant , whichever he perceives that to be .

BUZZACKS ( buźaks ) n. People in phone marts who walk around picking up display phones and listening for dial tones even when they know the phones are not connected .
buzzacks ( buźaks ) n. people in phone marts who walk around picking up [show] phones and listening for dial tones even when they know the phones are not connected .

Accordingly , they display cynicism , or alas , lead the reader into ambiguity and paradox .
accordingly , they [show] cynicism , or alas , lead the reader into ambiguity and paradox .

Hans Winkler , the German Semitist , noted in 1935 that glossolalia , incantations , and children 's chants all display certain common tendencies , namely , 1 ) the repetition of a given motif ( feemalator , jasperator ; touchar souchar ; astramuphar , astramuchur ) , and 2 ) , the economical use of the vocal apparatus .
hans winkler , the german semitist , noted in 1935 that glossolalia , incantations , and children 's chants all [show] certain common tendencies , namely , 1 ) the repetition of a given motif ( feemalator , jasperator ; touchar souchar ; astramuphar , astramuchur ) , and 2 ) , the economical use of the vocal apparatus .

In the pageant , Moses is costumed to display horns .
in the pageant , moses is costumed to [show] horns .

Certainly , it is still a plural in such senses as “ various media are on display at the art show. ” But media unmistakably has also taken on a monolithic unitary sense .
certainly , it is still a plural in such senses as “ various media are on [show] at the art show. ” but media unmistakably has also taken on a monolithic unitary sense .

