There certainly was not any more energy displayed after it was clear the United States would not back the pro-Western government to the hilt .
there certainly was not any more energy [showed] after it was clear the united states would not back the pro-western government to the hilt .

Displayed as lamps , the puppets delight the children and are decorative accent .
[showed] as lamps , the puppets delight the children and are decorative accent .

( The penalties handed out in the electrical case , which included jail sentences , were unprecedented in anti-trust prosecutions , perhaps because the conspirators had displayed unusual ineptness in their pricing activities .
( the penalties handed out in the electrical case , which included jail sentences , were unprecedented in anti-trust prosecutions , perhaps because the conspirators had [showed] unusual ineptness in their pricing activities .

Less respect for the legal conventions was displayed by Castro's right hand man , Che Guevara , who edified the Inter-American Economic and Social council meeting in Montevideo by reading two secret American documents purloined from the United States embassy at Caracas , Venezuela .
less respect for the legal conventions was [showed] by castro's right hand man , che guevara , who edified the inter-american economic and social council meeting in montevideo by reading two secret american documents purloined from the united states embassy at caracas , venezuela .

The controlling pattern was first displayed in the Hungary-Suez crisis of November 1956 .
the controlling pattern was first [showed] in the hungary-suez crisis of november 1956 .

The Jazz Three displayed their sound musicianship , not only in their own chosen set , but as the emergency accompanists for Al Minns & Leon James , the superb jazz dancers who have now been Newport performers for three successive years , gradually moving up from a morning seminar on the evolution of the blues to a spot on the evening program .
the jazz three [showed] their sound musicianship , not only in their own chosen set , but as the emergency accompanists for al minns & leon james , the superb jazz dancers who have now been newport performers for three successive years , gradually moving up from a morning seminar on the evolution of the blues to a spot on the evening program .

Maria Tallchief and Erik Bruhn , who danced the `` Nutcracker '' pas de deux , were also seen in the Petipa-Minkus pas de deux from `` Don Quixote '' , another brilliant showpiece that displayed their technical prowess handsomely .
maria tallchief and erik bruhn , who danced the `` nutcracker '' pas de deux , were also seen in the petipa-minkus pas de deux from `` don quixote '' , another brilliant showpiece that [showed] their technical prowess handsomely .

`` These recent steps do not offer the possibility of extension to the great number of senior engineers who have displayed technical competence .
`` these recent steps do not offer the possibility of extension to the great number of senior engineers who have [showed] technical competence .

An eyewitness recalled how awkward the red-turbaned colored women appeared as they curtseyed in the church doorway , and the diffidence the former slaves displayed while they listened to the few words that declared them free .
an eyewitness recalled how awkward the red-turbaned colored women appeared as they curtseyed in the church doorway , and the diffidence the former slaves [showed] while they listened to the few words that declared them free .

Others displayed utter apathy and indifference to any decision about the past or the future .
others [showed] utter apathy and indifference to any decision about the past or the future .

He had displayed more of them than usual so that I could enjoy them .
he had [showed] more of them than usual so that i could enjoy them .

But these accounts do not show that Northerners have been subjected to embarrassment or provocation by Yankee-hatred displayed in social gatherings .
but these accounts do not show that northerners have been subjected to embarrassment or provocation by yankee-hatred [showed] in social gatherings .

The monk Savonarola , brought over from the Renaissance and placed against the background of Munich at the turn of the century , protests against the luxurious works displayed in the art-shop of M. Bluthenzweig ; ;
the monk savonarola , brought over from the renaissance and placed against the background of munich at the turn of the century , protests against the luxurious works [showed] in the art-shop of m. bluthenzweig ; ;

`` He wanted Mr. Sandburg to pose with one of the guitars he had displayed behind glass in the center of his shop , but the poet eyed this somewhat distastefully .
`` he wanted mr. sandburg to pose with one of the guitars he had [showed] behind glass in the center of his shop , but the poet eyed this somewhat distastefully .

For some time , despondency in some Northern quarters had been displayed in two ways -- an eagerness for peace and a dissatisfaction with Lincoln .
for some time , despondency in some northern quarters had been [showed] in two ways -- an eagerness for peace and a dissatisfaction with lincoln .

As a reviewer , Thompson generally displayed a judicious attitude .
as a reviewer , thompson generally [showed] a judicious attitude .

It was , of course , in this drawing of the balance sheet of judgment that he most clearly displayed his desire to do full justice to an author .
it was , of course , in this drawing of the balance sheet of judgment that he most clearly [showed] his desire to do full justice to an author .

He also displayed the ability to write Latin verse on almost any topic of dispute , the verses , of course , to be delivered from memory .
he also [showed] the ability to write latin verse on almost any topic of dispute , the verses , of course , to be delivered from memory .

During the period of this report , 63 panel exhibits depicting the latest developments in medical research were displayed .
during the period of this report , 63 panel exhibits depicting the latest developments in medical research were [showed] .

He was told he displayed , for example , a sense of superiority -- and he answered : `` Well , I am supposed to know all the answers , aren't I '' ? ?
he was told he [showed] , for example , a sense of superiority -- and he answered : `` well , i am supposed to know all the answers , aren't i '' ? ?

Although no national norms exist for the social development of children , the teacher can find a great deal of information concerning types of social behavior normally displayed by children at various age levels .
although no national norms exist for the social development of children , the teacher can find a great deal of information concerning types of social behavior normally [showed] by children at various age levels .

In part two : Hidden treasure … pieces of history that ca n't be displayed .
in part two : hidden treasure … pieces of history that ca n't be [showed] .

Officers point to projects like the county museum in Aylesbury , where some of the Milton Keynes treasures have been and will be displayed .
officers point to projects like the county museum in aylesbury , where some of the milton keynes treasures have been and will be [showed] .

In part two : Hidden treasure … pieces of history that ca n't be displayed .
in part two : hidden treasure … pieces of history that ca n't be [showed] .

Officers point to projects like the county museum in Aylesbury , where some of the Milton Keynes treasures have been and will be displayed .
officers point to projects like the county museum in aylesbury , where some of the milton keynes treasures have been and will be [showed] .

Back in the late 60s and early 70s , Basil d'Oliveria had with some fine batting displays caught the eyes of England selector and displayed his talents on a world stage with the former Gloucester and Worcester bat , Tom Graveney given the mighty West Indians some headaches .
back in the late 60s and early 70s , basil d'oliveria had with some fine batting displays caught the eyes of england selector and [showed] his talents on a world stage with the former gloucester and worcester bat , tom graveney given the mighty west indians some headaches .

Sacha had displayed problems before she was born .
sacha had [showed] problems before she was born .

Blade Star is famous for her enormous breasts which she displayed while stripping , her affair with the Governor of Tennessee or her enormous feet ?
blade star is famous for her enormous breasts which she [showed] while stripping , her affair with the governor of tennessee or her enormous feet ?

the erm the displayed decoded it 's actually mounted next to the kit and all we 'll do is take twenty four volts out , volts out , they 'll take the , take the data off the kit itself and then just bring twenty four volts out
the erm the [showed] decoded it 's actually mounted next to the kit and all we 'll do is take twenty four volts out , volts out , they 'll take the , take the data off the kit itself and then just bring twenty four volts out

you can take it here or you can take it there , it 's just that the , the displayed decoder is safer
you can take it here or you can take it there , it 's just that the , the [showed] decoder is safer

It found that 55 per cent of the addicted players gave mainly aggressive responses and displayed anti-social tendencies compared with only 18 per cent of the non-players .
it found that 55 per cent of the addicted players gave mainly aggressive responses and [showed] anti-social tendencies compared with only 18 per cent of the non-players .

The response from the public had been tremendous , police said , after posters were displayed across town .
the response from the public had been tremendous , police said , after posters were [showed] across town .

The genes encoding the protein are packaged such that the encoded protein is displayed on the outside of the package .
the genes encoding the protein are packaged such that the encoded protein is [showed] on the outside of the package .

An alternative strategy would be to alter the host range of the virus 10 which is determined in part by the binding properties of the proteins displayed at its surface 11 .
an alternative strategy would be to alter the host range of the virus 10 which is determined in part by the binding properties of the proteins [showed] at its surface 11 .

We have shown that a functional antibody fragment can be displayed on the surface of a retroviral particle fused to its envelope protein , and that this confers novel binding specificity on the particle .
we have shown that a functional antibody fragment can be [showed] on the surface of a retroviral particle fused to its envelope protein , and that this confers novel binding specificity on the particle .

We suggest that it might be possible to evolve new viral tropisms ( see below ) using repertoires of antibody fragments or peptide sequences displayed on the virus , with cycles of infection and selection .
we suggest that it might be possible to evolve new viral tropisms ( see below ) using repertoires of antibody fragments or peptide sequences [showed] on the virus , with cycles of infection and selection .

When we returned the traffic warden was waiting and launched into a tirade of abuse and threatened me with a ticket for all my disabled badge was displayed .
when we returned the traffic warden was waiting and launched into a tirade of abuse and threatened me with a ticket for all my disabled badge was [showed] .

From an early age he displayed a precocious talent for computing .
from an early age he [showed] a precocious talent for computing .

Sime had been in court on the day of his death and had displayed no anxiety or stress .
sime had been in court on the day of his death and had [showed] no anxiety or stress .

The cleft stick plight which is his current political position is displayed most vividly over Mr Heseltine 's coal mine dilemma .
the cleft stick plight which is his current political position is [showed] most vividly over mr heseltine 's coal mine dilemma .

Professor Ian Percy , senior partner of Grant Thornton and chairman of the judging panel , said Cairngorm Climbing Rope Company displayed all the criteria the judges were looking for — technological innovation , enterprise and initiative in trying to develop a European market .
professor ian percy , senior partner of grant thornton and chairman of the judging panel , said cairngorm climbing rope company [showed] all the criteria the judges were looking for — technological innovation , enterprise and initiative in trying to develop a european market .

Laird scissored with his stand-off and then displayed both pace and power to race 50 metres to the Colleges line where , although tackled , he popped up a pass to fellow-centre Willie Weatherhead who scored , Livingstone converting .
laird scissored with his stand-off and then [showed] both pace and power to race 50 metres to the colleges line where , although tackled , he popped up a pass to fellow-centre willie weatherhead who scored , livingstone converting .

Taking pride of place with Galwey was fly-half Eric Elwood , who , playing in only his second international , displayed the cool head and maturity of a veteran .
taking pride of place with galwey was fly-half eric elwood , who , playing in only his second international , [showed] the cool head and maturity of a veteran .

Defeat could have left Airdrie isolated at the bottom but they displayed no fear in the face of a tepid Falkirk performance .
defeat could have left airdrie isolated at the bottom but they [showed] no fear in the face of a tepid falkirk performance .

Meanwhile , Arsenal and Sheffield Wednesday players will be the first to have their names displayed on shirts for a major Wembley cup final next month .
meanwhile , arsenal and sheffield wednesday players will be the first to have their names [showed] on shirts for a major wembley cup final next month .

The form Darlington displayed in winning 2–0 at Shrewsbury almost two weeks ago has completely deserted them and there was muted dissent among the Feethams faithful during last Saturday 's 1–0 home defeat at the hands of Hull City .
the form darlington [showed] in winning 2–0 at shrewsbury almost two weeks ago has completely deserted them and there was muted dissent among the feethams faithful during last saturday 's 1–0 home defeat at the hands of hull city .

He said he instantly dismissed Miss Dixon after she displayed a hostile attitude and claimed she might do the same thing again .
he said he instantly dismissed miss dixon after she [showed] a hostile attitude and claimed she might do the same thing again .

The idea of telephone engineer Iain Robertson , it gave local people the chance to see their own favourite picture displayed among those of other villagers .
the idea of telephone engineer iain robertson , it gave local people the chance to see their own favourite picture [showed] among those of other villagers .

There was , however , no inclination on the part of the Maltese to take a more adventurous approach even after going behind and they remained keen to foil the kind of movement off the ball being displayed by Jess , eagerly starting an international for the first time .
there was , however , no inclination on the part of the maltese to take a more adventurous approach even after going behind and they remained keen to foil the kind of movement off the ball being [showed] by jess , eagerly starting an international for the first time .

It can be argued the flames have been fanned in part by attitude displayed by Milne 's hooking rival , Brian Moore , who once summed up the England approach by saying : ‘ Nobody likes us and we do n't care . ’
it can be argued the flames have been fanned in part by attitude [showed] by milne 's hooking rival , brian moore , who once summed up the england approach by saying : ‘ nobody likes us and we do n't care . ’

In fact , it seems reasonable to suggest that the answers to those five questions , suitably adapted , should be prominently displayed in every appropriate Trust property .
in fact , it seems reasonable to suggest that the answers to those five questions , suitably adapted , should be prominently [showed] in every appropriate trust property .

The 27-year-old North-East man was at times impatient and ragged and displayed the expected ring rust from the ten-month lay-off he had had before the fight .
the 27-year-old north-east man was at times impatient and ragged and [showed] the expected ring rust from the ten-month lay-off he had had before the fight .

Now proudly displayed is a fan letter from an economics student in Bulgaria .
now proudly [showed] is a fan letter from an economics student in bulgaria .

Many of the paintings displayed here are small in scale and are firmly situated in a tradition of seascape painting which includes Turner and Monet .
many of the paintings [showed] here are small in scale and are firmly situated in a tradition of seascape painting which includes turner and monet .

In Smith 's raw and relentless piece , the Ceausescus are displayed as proof that power is the ultimate sex substitute .
in smith 's raw and relentless piece , the ceausescus are [showed] as proof that power is the ultimate sex substitute .

‘ In this case the doctor stopped work immediately he displayed any symptoms and has remained off work . ’
‘ in this case the doctor stopped work immediately he [showed] any symptoms and has remained off work . ’

Violet McBride , who is probably playing her last season for Portadown , displayed some deft touches .
violet mcbride , who is probably playing her last season for portadown , [showed] some deft touches .

Adults ' and children 's private parts of various shades of skin colour were displayed in a centrefold in the French left-wing newspaper Liberation .
adults ' and children 's private parts of various shades of skin colour were [showed] in a centrefold in the french left-wing newspaper liberation .

Suddenly our somewhat spartan Davidson Room was an exotic place of jewels , furs , oriental objets d'art , velvet gowns , polished silver and glass , ropes of gorgeously-coloured beads , vivid silk scarves– suggesting the Arabian Nights , rather than Session Meetings ! No one who saw how brilliantly all this was displayed will be surprised by its outstanding success this year .
suddenly our somewhat spartan davidson room was an exotic place of jewels , furs , oriental objets d'art , velvet gowns , polished silver and glass , ropes of gorgeously-coloured beads , vivid silk scarves– suggesting the arabian nights , rather than session meetings ! no one who saw how brilliantly all this was [showed] will be surprised by its outstanding success this year .

The Scottish Colourists Exhibition , the highlight of the gallery 's exhibitions to date , displayed work by the four artists Hunter , Fergusson , Cadell and Peploe , regarded by some as Scotland 's greatest painters .
the scottish colourists exhibition , the highlight of the gallery 's exhibitions to date , [showed] work by the four artists hunter , fergusson , cadell and peploe , regarded by some as scotland 's greatest painters .

Next we visited a grain processing mill , a hospital where they proudly displayed their own X-ray machine , a chicken-incubating factory , and a fish farm , where we watched them ingeniously catching fish with an enormous net stretched right across the fish-pool .
next we visited a grain processing mill , a hospital where they proudly [showed] their own x-ray machine , a chicken-incubating factory , and a fish farm , where we watched them ingeniously catching fish with an enormous net stretched right across the fish-pool .

It displayed its name in large fancy lettering .
it [showed] its name in large fancy lettering .

Entries to be displayed at Crystal Palace Reunion .
entries to be [showed] at crystal palace reunion .

We were very pleased and honoured to receive a visit from the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress , both of whom displayed a keen interest in our work and were even inveigled , by , into performing with the ‘ Dopple Kloppers ’ , being taught at that session !
we were very pleased and honoured to receive a visit from the lord mayor and lady mayoress , both of whom [showed] a keen interest in our work and were even inveigled , by , into performing with the ‘ dopple kloppers ’ , being taught at that session !

We are delighted and thrilled with the enthusiasm and ingenuity you have displayed while producing a grand total of over £2,500 .
we are delighted and thrilled with the enthusiasm and ingenuity you have [showed] while producing a grand total of over £2,500 .

Instead of jobbers quoting buy and sell prices verbally on the market floor , quotes are now displayed electronically on screens by ‘ market makers ’ .
instead of jobbers quoting buy and sell prices verbally on the market floor , quotes are now [showed] electronically on screens by ‘ market makers ’ .

Bond Street had been looked over and found wanting : the clothes not displayed as they should be , the new vendeuse lacking in charm .
bond street had been looked over and found wanting : the clothes not [showed] as they should be , the new vendeuse lacking in charm .

Gabriel saw at once that a bell-shaped shift of her own design was being wrongly displayed , while Rose saw to her fury that a whole line of trousers and tabards had been wrongly priced .
gabriel saw at once that a bell-shaped shift of her own design was being wrongly [showed] , while rose saw to her fury that a whole line of trousers and tabards had been wrongly priced .

‘ So what you learn from such a bold step ? ’ asked Dan Salmon as he stood on the doorstep of his shop , skull cap on the back of his head , thumbs lodged in the black waistcoat pockets that proudly displayed his half-hunter watch .
‘ so what you learn from such a bold step ? ’ asked dan salmon as he stood on the doorstep of his shop , skull cap on the back of his head , thumbs lodged in the black waistcoat pockets that proudly [showed] his half-hunter watch .

The daily broadsheet began to have a double fascination for Charlie , as he started to take an interest in the advertisements displayed on almost every page .
the daily broadsheet began to have a double fascination for charlie , as he started to take an interest in the advertisements [showed] on almost every page .

Number 133 , women 's clothes and hosiery from Paris , with garments displayed in the window that Charlie did n't consider it was right for a man to be looking at .
number 133 , women 's clothes and hosiery from paris , with garments [showed] in the window that charlie did n't consider it was right for a man to be looking at .

And this month he saw four of his works displayed in an exhibition by members of Cleveland Art Society at Middlesbrough Art Gallery in Linthorpe Road .
and this month he saw four of his works [showed] in an exhibition by members of cleveland art society at middlesbrough art gallery in linthorpe road .

Here in the North-East lustreware pottery has been collected , written about and displayed in our museums .
here in the north-east lustreware pottery has been collected , written about and [showed] in our museums .

The corner of Darlington Town Hall known affectionately as the Rogues Gallery where photographs of former civic dignitaries are displayed has long lacked just one mug shot to make its collection complete .
the corner of darlington town hall known affectionately as the rogues gallery where photographs of former civic dignitaries are [showed] has long lacked just one mug shot to make its collection complete .

The Cheshires received medals from commanding officer down to sergeant for the courage and leadership they displayed during their harrowing tour of duty in Bosnia .
the cheshires received medals from commanding officer down to sergeant for the courage and leadership they [showed] during their harrowing tour of duty in bosnia .

Whessoe 's plaques , along with those of Head Wrightson , are displayed on some of the oldest power stations in working order in India .
whessoe 's plaques , along with those of head wrightson , are [showed] on some of the oldest power stations in working order in india .

In addition to the shield which will be displayed in the club Paul received a travel clock as a personal prize .
in addition to the shield which will be [showed] in the club paul received a travel clock as a personal prize .

Sonia Hogg displayed similarly adept pace judgement to take her second successive bronze medal in the 3,000 metres , this time improving her personal best to 9 mins 42.48 secs and holding off the fast-finishing Scottish international Christine Price as Sarah Bentley of Crewe took the title in 9:36.37 .
sonia hogg [showed] similarly adept pace judgement to take her second successive bronze medal in the 3,000 metres , this time improving her personal best to 9 mins 42.48 secs and holding off the fast-finishing scottish international christine price as sarah bentley of crewe took the title in 9:36.37 .

Nevertheless , it was a thoroughly enjoyable evening with some excellent musicianship displayed .
nevertheless , it was a thoroughly enjoyable evening with some excellent musicianship [showed] .

Megan Burford , whose business Aquarelle is based at her home in Lansdowne Street , is to have her work displayed at the Princes Trust exhibition at the National Exhibition Centre in Birmingham .
megan burford , whose business aquarelle is based at her home in lansdowne street , is to have her work [showed] at the princes trust exhibition at the national exhibition centre in birmingham .

One critic called it the Tate Gallery of the south west with works by Lowry , Henry Moore and Graham Sutherland displayed alongside local art .
one critic called it the tate gallery of the south west with works by lowry , henry moore and graham sutherland [showed] alongside local art .

Time sheet already displayed in Clubhouse .
time sheet already [showed] in clubhouse .

The Labour Party platform displayed photographs of well-dressed people with the platform comrades looking like yuppie tailor 's dummies in their expensive sharp suits .
the labour party platform [showed] photographs of well-dressed people with the platform comrades looking like yuppie tailor 's dummies in their expensive sharp suits .

These were displayed unwrapped on the shop 's cool counter-tops for customers to make their selection .
these were [showed] unwrapped on the shop 's cool counter-tops for customers to make their selection .

Not only is it possible to get an accurate computer analysis of the fundamental frequency of speech ( which can be displayed on a screen for someone doing practice on intonation , or can be used in the study of the intonation of large samples of natural speech ) , but it is now possible to get a computer to produce a simple phonetic transcription of what is said to it .
not only is it possible to get an accurate computer analysis of the fundamental frequency of speech ( which can be [showed] on a screen for someone doing practice on intonation , or can be used in the study of the intonation of large samples of natural speech ) , but it is now possible to get a computer to produce a simple phonetic transcription of what is said to it .

Shortly after shooting them , Conroy displayed utter contempt for his two victims , the court heard .
shortly after shooting them , conroy [showed] utter contempt for his two victims , the court heard .

John Miles , a senior consultant neurosurgeon at Walton Hospital said : ‘ We now know that Mr Cleary had what is called an aneurysm , although most of the symptoms he displayed were not typical of this condition .
john miles , a senior consultant neurosurgeon at walton hospital said : ‘ we now know that mr cleary had what is called an aneurysm , although most of the symptoms he [showed] were not typical of this condition .

Sixteen exhibitors displayed examples of good occupational health practices at the seminar .
sixteen exhibitors [showed] examples of good occupational health practices at the seminar .

At night , the Verdun sky resembled a ‘ stupendous Aurora Borealis ’ , but by day the only splashes of colour that one French soldier-artist could find were the rose tints displayed by the frightful wounds of the horses lying scattered about the approach routes , lips pulled back over jaws in the hideousness of death .
at night , the verdun sky resembled a ‘ stupendous aurora borealis ’ , but by day the only splashes of colour that one french soldier-artist could find were the rose tints [showed] by the frightful wounds of the horses lying scattered about the approach routes , lips pulled back over jaws in the hideousness of death .

Despite her losses and suffering , France — like Germany — still displayed a remarkable solidarity towards the pursuance of the war .
despite her losses and suffering , france — like germany — still [showed] a remarkable solidarity towards the pursuance of the war .

value of a sinusoidal input being displayed at the output .
value of a sinusoidal input being [showed] at the output .

value will only be displayed by the type of system under discussion , even for a sinusoidal input waveform , as long as the amplitude of the input remains sufficiently large in relationship to the forward potential drop across the diodes .
value will only be [showed] by the type of system under discussion , even for a sinusoidal input waveform , as long as the amplitude of the input remains sufficiently large in relationship to the forward potential drop across the diodes .

or An appropriate form of third-order low-pass filter is displayed in figure 12.2 ( b ) .
or an appropriate form of third-order low-pass filter is [showed] in figure 12.2 ( b ) .

The workshop session on the importance of the measurement and analysis of data made me understand the purpose of the charts and graphs displayed on office walls at Runcorn Heath .
the workshop session on the importance of the measurement and analysis of data made me understand the purpose of the charts and graphs [showed] on office walls at runcorn heath .

Models of the item being marketed are useful when the product being sold is too large or bulky to be physically displayed .
models of the item being marketed are useful when the product being sold is too large or bulky to be physically [showed] .

However , their benefits are much less tangible than a physical product in that they can not be stored or displayed and satisfaction is achieved through activities ( e.g .
however , their benefits are much less tangible than a physical product in that they can not be stored or [showed] and satisfaction is achieved through activities ( e.g .

all the little branches will open out it 's going to look extremely nice when it 's er when it 's displayed .
all the little branches will open out it 's going to look extremely nice when it 's er when it 's [showed] .

November The flowers and foliage of the rose have gone and it needs thoughtful pruning and tying in to prevent it whipping about in autumn . But the pyracantha berries , again well displayed against the background of the cottage wall , will last until they are eventually devoured by blackbirds that will probably nest against the wall in spring , if protected by dense pyracantha leaves
november the flowers and foliage of the rose have gone and it needs thoughtful pruning and tying in to prevent it whipping about in autumn . but the pyracantha berries , again well [showed] against the background of the cottage wall , will last until they are eventually devoured by blackbirds that will probably nest against the wall in spring , if protected by dense pyracantha leaves

Bulbs are ideal partners , as their flowers are displayed well against the pulmonarias and their dying foliage will be smothered by the expanding leaves .
bulbs are ideal partners , as their flowers are [showed] well against the pulmonarias and their dying foliage will be smothered by the expanding leaves .

Evergreens such as cherry laurel , yew and holly provide permanent structure and backdrops against which stronger colours may be displayed .
evergreens such as cherry laurel , yew and holly provide permanent structure and backdrops against which stronger colours may be [showed] .

For 4 months or so , my Nicaraguan Cichlids have displayed all the signs of breeding .
for 4 months or so , my nicaraguan cichlids have [showed] all the signs of breeding .

This seems reasonable , because reading the bar code into a supermarket checkout system would result in this sort of information being displayed , and printed on the receipt .
this seems reasonable , because reading the bar code into a supermarket checkout system would result in this sort of information being [showed] , and printed on the receipt .

He admits also that Buddhism displayed a tendency to participation as it spread out from India into other countries , though he fails to recognize the examples of participation which might be said to derive from the communal life of the sangha and so insists that it is the principle of identity that predominates .
he admits also that buddhism [showed] a tendency to participation as it spread out from india into other countries , though he fails to recognize the examples of participation which might be said to derive from the communal life of the sangha and so insists that it is the principle of identity that predominates .

After thirty years of British rule , observed the distinguished scholar-administrator Henry Fosbrooke , they displayed none of the distressing symptoms of that ‘ soul erosion ’ , defined by him as a ‘ deterioration in obedience to existing moral standards , a falling off in observance of organized religion , a lack of purpose in life ’ , which seemed so often to be the result of British efforts to bring civilization to the African .
after thirty years of british rule , observed the distinguished scholar-administrator henry fosbrooke , they [showed] none of the distressing symptoms of that ‘ soul erosion ’ , defined by him as a ‘ deterioration in obedience to existing moral standards , a falling off in observance of organized religion , a lack of purpose in life ’ , which seemed so often to be the result of british efforts to bring civilization to the african .

Public school fiction , avidly written and avidly read , displayed the reality .
public school fiction , avidly written and avidly read , [showed] the reality .

Nevertheless , Irwin appears to have reconciled the two to his own satisfaction , though the arguments to which he resorted owed more to the theological aptitude displayed in his youthful biography of Keble than to ordinary practical intelligence .
nevertheless , irwin appears to have reconciled the two to his own satisfaction , though the arguments to which he resorted owed more to the theological aptitude [showed] in his youthful biography of keble than to ordinary practical intelligence .

Indecent material may only be displayed in licensed sex shops which have no window display and can not be seen into from the street , do not admit people under 18 years of age and which carry a warning sign to this effect over the door .
indecent material may only be [showed] in licensed sex shops which have no window display and can not be seen into from the street , do not admit people under 18 years of age and which carry a warning sign to this effect over the door .

In spite of regrettable , but unavoidable , lack of defences , it is recommended that vigorous resistance is displayed on all occasions rather than capitulation .
in spite of regrettable , but unavoidable , lack of defences , it is recommended that vigorous resistance is [showed] on all occasions rather than capitulation .

Below : Nativity figures are displayed on the bookshelves that John made for the living room
below : nativity figures are [showed] on the bookshelves that john made for the living room

‘ People always comment on the large number of pictures , but we 've always displayed things on the walls and have never particularly liked putting up flowery wallpaper — or wallpaper at all , ’ Catherine explains .
‘ people always comment on the large number of pictures , but we 've always [showed] things on the walls and have never particularly liked putting up flowery wallpaper — or wallpaper at all , ’ catherine explains .

This , of course , reduces the number of scanning lines available for the displayed picture .
this , of course , reduces the number of scanning lines available for the [showed] picture .

There were until about 20 years ago , mosaic pavements from Roman times displayed in their original positions where they had been discovered during field work , together with one unearthed some little distance away at a later excavation .
there were until about 20 years ago , mosaic pavements from roman times [showed] in their original positions where they had been discovered during field work , together with one unearthed some little distance away at a later excavation .

Despite financial difficulties , however , Hahnemann displayed such intellectual ability that his teachers helped him in his studies and allowed him to finance his education by tutoring the younger children in the school .
despite financial difficulties , however , hahnemann [showed] such intellectual ability that his teachers helped him in his studies and allowed him to finance his education by tutoring the younger children in the school .

Less work has been done with animal models , but recent work from India has shown that some homoeopathic remedies in various potencies displayed anti-viral activity in developing chick embryos , whereas other remedies had no anti-viral effect in mice .
less work has been done with animal models , but recent work from india has shown that some homoeopathic remedies in various potencies [showed] anti-viral activity in developing chick embryos , whereas other remedies had no anti-viral effect in mice .

In that game his side displayed a verve and fair rarely seen in English rugby , let alone at a senior representative level , as they ran the bemused Australians ragged .
in that game his side [showed] a verve and fair rarely seen in english rugby , let alone at a senior representative level , as they ran the bemused australians ragged .

It would be displayed in a special gallery in the Palace of Arts and the proceeds from the small fee charged for admission would be added to the fund set up by the Queen for the benefit of her many charitable concerns .
it would be [showed] in a special gallery in the palace of arts and the proceeds from the small fee charged for admission would be added to the fund set up by the queen for the benefit of her many charitable concerns .

When the garden is displayed , the drawer is drawn out to its full extent , the front is let down , the trees and gates and balustrade spring into place , and with the other three sides of the drawer forming the garden walls , the complex is complete .
when the garden is [showed] , the drawer is drawn out to its full extent , the front is let down , the trees and gates and balustrade spring into place , and with the other three sides of the drawer forming the garden walls , the complex is complete .

Tottenham fans are still waiting to see the England Under-21 international produce the scintillating form that he displayed at his former club Portsmouth .
tottenham fans are still waiting to see the england under-21 international produce the scintillating form that he [showed] at his former club portsmouth .

And hospital volunteers in Devon sold sandwiches which had been chilled , but then displayed through the day with no refrigeration .
and hospital volunteers in devon sold sandwiches which had been chilled , but then [showed] through the day with no refrigeration .

It seemed that in the days following the Earl 's death , his children displayed a hardness that even surprised me .
it seemed that in the days following the earl 's death , his children [showed] a hardness that even surprised me .

She displayed almost no outward signs of her brilliance and she never showed off .
she [showed] almost no outward signs of her brilliance and she never showed off .

If each word is displayed as soon as it is recognised , the display will be changing disconcertingly whilst the user is writing the next word .
if each word is [showed] as soon as it is recognised , the display will be changing disconcertingly whilst the user is writing the next word .

The links in figure 2.8 represent both forward and backward pointers , but the confidences and ranks are not displayed for simplicity .
the links in figure 2.8 represent both forward and backward pointers , but the confidences and ranks are not [showed] for simplicity .

Some way of ordering the list of allowable strings ( or phrases ) was needed , so that the most likely can be displayed as output from the recognition and post-processing system , with the other candidates available to be displayed if necessary .
some way of ordering the list of allowable strings ( or phrases ) was needed , so that the most likely can be [showed] as output from the recognition and post-processing system , with the other candidates available to be [showed] if necessary .

Pat Eddery and Michael Roberts displayed the strength of their concern about the whipping issue by giving Brighton 's afternoon meeting a miss to appear with Cauthen .
pat eddery and michael roberts [showed] the strength of their concern about the whipping issue by giving brighton 's afternoon meeting a miss to appear with cauthen .

They can also be obtained from Red Cross branches , Sketchley dry cleaners , wherever the Care In Crisis poster is displayed or by phoning the Red Cross headquarters in London on 071–235-3149 .
they can also be obtained from red cross branches , sketchley dry cleaners , wherever the care in crisis poster is [showed] or by phoning the red cross headquarters in london on 071–235-3149 .

The vine is unimportant , but how and why its cultivation still persists in Champagne must be fascinating to anyone who has ever been intrigued by the curiously eclectic attitude to rules and regulations often displayed by the French .
the vine is unimportant , but how and why its cultivation still persists in champagne must be fascinating to anyone who has ever been intrigued by the curiously eclectic attitude to rules and regulations often [showed] by the french .

potential man-eater that displayed
potential man-eater that [showed]

Tapestries bearing heraldic devices hung on the walls , and medieval artefacts including statuettes , shields and facsimile books of hours , were displayed on strategically positioned tables .
tapestries bearing heraldic devices hung on the walls , and medieval artefacts including statuettes , shields and facsimile books of hours , were [showed] on strategically positioned tables .

In the impromptu concert that followed a wide variety of talents were displayed , notably Father Quinn 's updated version of John Peel .
in the impromptu concert that followed a wide variety of talents were [showed] , notably father quinn 's updated version of john peel .

Menus are displayed outside , so check prices first .
menus are [showed] outside , so check prices first .

Despite these particular difficulties with older urban areas , it is generally true to say that in less than a decade the Dutch created and adopted a revolutionary residential environment which , even in car-dominated cities , displayed many of the benefits of the street in the pre-motorised era .
despite these particular difficulties with older urban areas , it is generally true to say that in less than a decade the dutch created and adopted a revolutionary residential environment which , even in car-dominated cities , [showed] many of the benefits of the street in the pre-motorised era .

Perhaps most important of all , the interest displayed in the Woonerf has demonstrated the hunger that exists throughout the Western world for a successful method of reclaiming the streets from a century of growing domination by the car .
perhaps most important of all , the interest [showed] in the woonerf has demonstrated the hunger that exists throughout the western world for a successful method of reclaiming the streets from a century of growing domination by the car .

An induction plate in the road measured car speed , with the results being displayed ahead for the driver 's information ( Figure 6.19 ) .
an induction plate in the road measured car speed , with the results being [showed] ahead for the driver 's information ( figure 6.19 ) .

And only after the incident did she find out that a handwritten notice had been displayed in the booking office .
and only after the incident did she find out that a handwritten notice had been [showed] in the booking office .

Vestments and linens made by members in the preceding year were displayed and later given to churches as requested .
vestments and linens made by members in the preceding year were [showed] and later given to churches as requested .

10 in those days he would doubtless have seen to it that this cricketer who displayed such honourable patriotism and high personal standards was given some decoration or other .
10 in those days he would doubtless have seen to it that this cricketer who [showed] such honourable patriotism and high personal standards was given some decoration or other .

After being a fairly even contest , the match was decided by New Zealand 's first-innings collapse , and by the mixture of maturity and gung-ho that Graham Gooch and Allan Lamb displayed in their second-innings stand on Saturday afternoon .
after being a fairly even contest , the match was decided by new zealand 's first-innings collapse , and by the mixture of maturity and gung-ho that graham gooch and allan lamb [showed] in their second-innings stand on saturday afternoon .

We have now carried out successfully a total of 27 national surveys without undue disruption to schools , with the general support of the LEAs and teachers concerned … and with the enthusiastic cooperation of the children we have tested … Many of the suspicions which existed when the unit was set up , both about the political motivation for its creation and the likely effects of national monitoring on the curriculum , have been allayed ( if not entirely put to rest ) by the way in which the exercise has been carried out , by the sensitivities displayed by the monitoring teams , by the way in which groups of teachers up and down the country have been involved in the development , trialling and pre-testing of materials , and by the cool , impartial way in which the results have been presented .
we have now carried out successfully a total of 27 national surveys without undue disruption to schools , with the general support of the leas and teachers concerned … and with the enthusiastic cooperation of the children we have tested … many of the suspicions which existed when the unit was set up , both about the political motivation for its creation and the likely effects of national monitoring on the curriculum , have been allayed ( if not entirely put to rest ) by the way in which the exercise has been carried out , by the sensitivities [showed] by the monitoring teams , by the way in which groups of teachers up and down the country have been involved in the development , trialling and pre-testing of materials , and by the cool , impartial way in which the results have been presented .

These graphs and can then be displayed side by side in multi-windows enabling designers to compare various elements of their application such as power input and distance and then edit them , on screen , in a debugging Window .
these graphs and can then be [showed] side by side in multi-windows enabling designers to compare various elements of their application such as power input and distance and then edit them , on screen , in a debugging window .

The erudition acquired in his Oxford years was displayed in copious references to the medieval doctors , to the Church Fathers , and to Plato and Aristotle before them , in order to show that no infallible revelation could dispossess reason from her task of pursuing truth : not only must the Scriptures be interpreted in the light of reason , but the Old Testament must be seen as leading to the New by progressive revelation .
the erudition acquired in his oxford years was [showed] in copious references to the medieval doctors , to the church fathers , and to plato and aristotle before them , in order to show that no infallible revelation could dispossess reason from her task of pursuing truth : not only must the scriptures be interpreted in the light of reason , but the old testament must be seen as leading to the new by progressive revelation .

’ Though he attempted a detailed rebuttal , chapter by chapter , Milton himself had to admit that ‘ Some men have by policy accomplished after death that revenge upon their enemies which in life they were not able ’ , and that ‘ they who before hated him for his high government , nay fought against him with displayed banners in the field , now applaud him for the wisest and most religious prince that lived ’ .
’ though he attempted a detailed rebuttal , chapter by chapter , milton himself had to admit that ‘ some men have by policy accomplished after death that revenge upon their enemies which in life they were not able ’ , and that ‘ they who before hated him for his high government , nay fought against him with [showed] banners in the field , now applaud him for the wisest and most religious prince that lived ’ .

The contrasting features of basin-and-rise facies displayed by the Trevose Slate and the Plymouth Limestone vividly illustrate the continuation in the marine setting of tectonic activity that had been established in the terrestrial Lower Devonian succession .
the contrasting features of basin-and-rise facies [showed] by the trevose slate and the plymouth limestone vividly illustrate the continuation in the marine setting of tectonic activity that had been established in the terrestrial lower devonian succession .

Regional geophysical data of the east Grampian area are displayed as colour-shaded relief images : left Bouguer gravity anomaly field illuminated from the north-west above and from the north-east below , and right aeromagnetic field reduced-to-pole and illuminated from the north-west above and from the north-east below .
regional geophysical data of the east grampian area are [showed] as colour-shaded relief images : left bouguer gravity anomaly field illuminated from the north-west above and from the north-east below , and right aeromagnetic field reduced-to-pole and illuminated from the north-west above and from the north-east below .

Comparing chloride concentration with rainfall at St Louis and water flow in the Senegal River over the same period has displayed the signature of droughts ( in the 1970s , 1940s and 1910s ) and of intervening periods of higher rainfall and river flow .
comparing chloride concentration with rainfall at st louis and water flow in the senegal river over the same period has [showed] the signature of droughts ( in the 1970s , 1940s and 1910s ) and of intervening periods of higher rainfall and river flow .

The Beazer Homes League visitors have displayed a knack this season of stealing last-gasp cup match goals , and it was another 89th minute affair which helped check Cornard for the second time in two months .
the beazer homes league visitors have [showed] a knack this season of stealing last-gasp cup match goals , and it was another 89th minute affair which helped check cornard for the second time in two months .

What tremendous skill be displayed as his runs and passes , especially in the second half , stretched Ipswich to the limit and sometimes beyond .
what tremendous skill be [showed] as his runs and passes , especially in the second half , stretched ipswich to the limit and sometimes beyond .

Cheltenham is justly famous for its reputation as one of the country 's leading antique centres , where objets d'art , fine furniture and paintings galore are displayed in traditional Regency settings .
cheltenham is justly famous for its reputation as one of the country 's leading antique centres , where objets d'art , fine furniture and paintings galore are [showed] in traditional regency settings .

After cleaning , it was displayed in the department and immediately snapped up by an excited young Australian .
after cleaning , it was [showed] in the department and immediately snapped up by an excited young australian .

Early reviewers were more upset by the social conscience which poems like this displayed than by the outlandish verses , and did not understand why a poet should be concerned with the study of ‘ low and rustic life ’ .
early reviewers were more upset by the social conscience which poems like this [showed] than by the outlandish verses , and did not understand why a poet should be concerned with the study of ‘ low and rustic life ’ .

Each of us sat rather self-consciously chatting with our partners , who displayed varying degrees of rotundity .
each of us sat rather self-consciously chatting with our partners , who [showed] varying degrees of rotundity .

In 1941 , with such bracing words as ‘ Your garden is part of the National Defences ’ and ‘ Cloches versus Hitler ’ , advertisements subsidised the first edition of the Vegetable Garden Displayed .
in 1941 , with such bracing words as ‘ your garden is part of the national defences ’ and ‘ cloches versus hitler ’ , advertisements subsidised the first edition of the vegetable garden [showed] .

Born into the challenging world of mid-19th century Britain , Punch soon displayed a robust originality .
born into the challenging world of mid-19th century britain , punch soon [showed] a robust originality .

The natural fears displayed by many children were turned into signs of abuse — such as fear of going to jail , fear of ghosts and monsters , fear of ‘ bad people ’ taking the child away , fear of being left with a babysitter .
the natural fears [showed] by many children were turned into signs of abuse — such as fear of going to jail , fear of ghosts and monsters , fear of ‘ bad people ’ taking the child away , fear of being left with a babysitter .

The right hand colour choice box has disappeared and has been replaced with a new palette box that contains all the colours in the palette displayed .
the right hand colour choice box has disappeared and has been replaced with a new palette box that contains all the colours in the palette [showed] .

The palette displayed in the palette box will be number 1 .
the palette [showed] in the palette box will be number 1 .

The cursor is displayed as a cross hair which has two modes .
the cursor is [showed] as a cross hair which has two modes .

Among the latest technology displayed at the Farnborough Air Show was a little black motorised Rogallo-winged hang-glider designed for use as a self-fly escape kit for aircrew downed behind enemy lines or for clandestine special forces missions .
among the latest technology [showed] at the farnborough air show was a little black motorised rogallo-winged hang-glider designed for use as a self-fly escape kit for aircrew downed behind enemy lines or for clandestine special forces missions .

Many of the paintings have been skilfully restored and are well displayed .
many of the paintings have been skilfully restored and are well [showed] .

In the grounds of these houses ( many of which displayed an old cannon ) , the men were instructed in marching and the handling of weapons , and bands rehearsed and played .
in the grounds of these houses ( many of which [showed] an old cannon ) , the men were instructed in marching and the handling of weapons , and bands rehearsed and played .

Ms Bard 's article displayed the ‘ Islamophobia ’ currently rampant among certain anti-racists and sections of the left .
ms bard 's article [showed] the ‘ islamophobia ’ currently rampant among certain anti-racists and sections of the left .

Sarah Little , of Congleton , on the other hand , writes that the feature displayed ‘ a poverty of the imagination … Would it not have been better to imagine the possibility of a different , better world ?
sarah little , of congleton , on the other hand , writes that the feature [showed] ‘ a poverty of the imagination … would it not have been better to imagine the possibility of a different , better world ?

If the decoy party displayed the Lion Rampant of Scotland , that would surely indicate high authority , for only the King or his Regent were entitled to fly that flag .
if the decoy party [showed] the lion rampant of scotland , that would surely indicate high authority , for only the king or his regent were entitled to fly that flag .

And , ominously , these displayed no hint of defeat nor dejection ; on the contrary .
and , ominously , these [showed] no hint of defeat nor dejection ; on the contrary .

The injunction which still holds good is that we should use our resources with as much single-mindedness and astuteness as the unjust steward displayed but in our case to further the interests of the Kingdom of God .
the injunction which still holds good is that we should use our resources with as much single-mindedness and astuteness as the unjust steward [showed] but in our case to further the interests of the kingdom of god .

Lessing displayed no diversion .
lessing [showed] no diversion .

If any of them had displayed a leaning towards the stage , Dinah would no doubt have encouraged it ; but they had neither the presence nor the voice , nor , she would think despairingly , looking round them all , the appearance ; every one was Paul over again .
if any of them had [showed] a leaning towards the stage , dinah would no doubt have encouraged it ; but they had neither the presence nor the voice , nor , she would think despairingly , looking round them all , the appearance ; every one was paul over again .

The main points of this mode are then displayed by Mr Frye in ways immediately applicable to The Lord of the Rings .
the main points of this mode are then [showed] by mr frye in ways immediately applicable to the lord of the rings .

The engagement jewels were displayed in a case of red velvet , a magnificent set of rubies .
the engagement jewels were [showed] in a case of red velvet , a magnificent set of rubies .

The necklace , bracelet , ring and earrings were displayed in a tan chamois leather box .
the necklace , bracelet , ring and earrings were [showed] in a tan chamois leather box .

These displayed a more immediate response to the Last Trump , with the shrouded figure depicted in the very act of rising from the coffin .
these [showed] a more immediate response to the last trump , with the shrouded figure depicted in the very act of rising from the coffin .

The most upfront version of the latter was offered by Veronique Leroy , former assistant to Azzedine Aläia , who displayed a rapier approach to cut but an almost demented obsession with the decade that spawned Slade , Kojak and Abba .
the most upfront version of the latter was offered by veronique leroy , former assistant to azzedine aläia , who [showed] a rapier approach to cut but an almost demented obsession with the decade that spawned slade , kojak and abba .

He displayed his contempt for Hollywood at the awards ceremony by refusing to accept the gold statuette and sending an Indian girl in his stead to protest at the way the movie industry had treated the Red Man .
he [showed] his contempt for hollywood at the awards ceremony by refusing to accept the gold statuette and sending an indian girl in his stead to protest at the way the movie industry had treated the red man .

Kirov 's eyes continued to scan Ybreska 's face , trying to probe the strange mixture of expressions which it displayed openly .
kirov 's eyes continued to scan ybreska 's face , trying to probe the strange mixture of expressions which it [showed] openly .

Essex displayed strong individual characteristics , not even the forested western fringe being markedly differentiated from the adjacent parts .
essex [showed] strong individual characteristics , not even the forested western fringe being markedly differentiated from the adjacent parts .

Bury , in short , reflected the wealth of an ordinary country district and displayed no strong individual characteristics .
bury , in short , reflected the wealth of an ordinary country district and [showed] no strong individual characteristics .

Mitchell emphasizes the variability displayed in the psychological and social marking of sexual difference .
mitchell emphasizes the variability [showed] in the psychological and social marking of sexual difference .

First , an historical analysis reminds us that the press in the last century was not monolithic , that it displayed a rich diversity of styles , content and political positions .
first , an historical analysis reminds us that the press in the last century was not monolithic , that it [showed] a rich diversity of styles , content and political positions .

Finally , at least in the social sciences , there would seem to be strong social influences on which methods do get displayed and which are ignored .
finally , at least in the social sciences , there would seem to be strong social influences on which methods do get [showed] and which are ignored .

The images will then be displayed in Edinburgh during a meeting of the European heads of government .
the images will then be [showed] in edinburgh during a meeting of the european heads of government .

Although the speculations of a few Italian statesmen about the African shores of the Mediterranean hinted at the patterns of future international rivalry , the powers for the most part displayed in 1880 an almost complete preoccupation with European interests and lack of sensitivity about the rest of the world .
although the speculations of a few italian statesmen about the african shores of the mediterranean hinted at the patterns of future international rivalry , the powers for the most part [showed] in 1880 an almost complete preoccupation with european interests and lack of sensitivity about the rest of the world .

In the manufacture of stone vases , the Minoans displayed enormous patience , as well as very high levels of confidence and skill .
in the manufacture of stone vases , the minoans [showed] enormous patience , as well as very high levels of confidence and skill .

It is because motives , intentions and historical events lack the kind of clear robust reality displayed by electrons , fields and quarks that Quine spurns the intentional ; the indeterminacy of translation shows up , not a special character of a distinctive form of discourse , but the extent to which the realm of the intentional fails to meet standards of reality set by physics and physical objects .
it is because motives , intentions and historical events lack the kind of clear robust reality [showed] by electrons , fields and quarks that quine spurns the intentional ; the indeterminacy of translation shows up , not a special character of a distinctive form of discourse , but the extent to which the realm of the intentional fails to meet standards of reality set by physics and physical objects .

There are , first of all , historians who believe that the crucial variable must lie with the psychological characteristics of a comparatively small group of entrepreneurs , who instituted changes in the technology and organisation of industry : British entrepreneurs are held to have displayed a peculiar wit and resource in expanding and transforming production and distribution — a wit which is not itself subjected to scrutiny .
there are , first of all , historians who believe that the crucial variable must lie with the psychological characteristics of a comparatively small group of entrepreneurs , who instituted changes in the technology and organisation of industry : british entrepreneurs are held to have [showed] a peculiar wit and resource in expanding and transforming production and distribution — a wit which is not itself subjected to scrutiny .

We have seen that , according to Althusser 's reading , Marx is committed to arguing that practices are mutually dependent , and some of the links between them are displayed in Althusser 's attempt to clarify the relations between the practices of capitalist society .
we have seen that , according to althusser 's reading , marx is committed to arguing that practices are mutually dependent , and some of the links between them are [showed] in althusser 's attempt to clarify the relations between the practices of capitalist society .

The choices , assessments and selections which go into formulating a strategy , and the ingenuity or crassness displayed in implementing it , must themselves be shown to be determined by factors other than intentions .
the choices , assessments and selections which go into formulating a strategy , and the ingenuity or crassness [showed] in implementing it , must themselves be shown to be determined by factors other than intentions .

The cladograms so produced displayed a variety of patterns , many of which appear to simulate temporal diversity changes in well-studied fossil groups .
the cladograms so produced [showed] a variety of patterns , many of which appear to simulate temporal diversity changes in well-studied fossil groups .

It is this inhibition that is allegedly displayed , in the well-known case , by those brought up in the kibbutz .
it is this inhibition that is allegedly [showed] , in the well-known case , by those brought up in the kibbutz .

With her claws , which were hardly designed for delicate manipulations , she displayed her sash , tapped the various items of equipment clipped inside the fabric .
with her claws , which were hardly designed for delicate manipulations , she [showed] her sash , tapped the various items of equipment clipped inside the fabric .

Many displayed the malign green of corruption , the verdigris of spiritual gangrene .
many [showed] the malign green of corruption , the verdigris of spiritual gangrene .

Vitali Googol 's warpscreen displayed an iridescent soup of energies riven by currents both swift and sluggish , poxed with vortices and whirlpools .
vitali googol 's warpscreen [showed] an iridescent soup of energies riven by currents both swift and sluggish , poxed with vortices and whirlpools .

Duane Rumbaugh 's training of Lana , and other chimpanzees notably Austin and Sherman , to use a computer keyboard made up of small rectangular screens upon which visual , iconic-like , symbols of lines , circles , and dots can be displayed .
duane rumbaugh 's training of lana , and other chimpanzees notably austin and sherman , to use a computer keyboard made up of small rectangular screens upon which visual , iconic-like , symbols of lines , circles , and dots can be [showed] .

If you collect plates or similar items , which are best displayed vertically , a grooved shelf installed at about picture rail height provides an answer .
if you collect plates or similar items , which are best [showed] vertically , a grooved shelf installed at about picture rail height provides an answer .

This time , our pattern will be displayed with all that was originally designed in the second colour , transcribed to black on the screen .
this time , our pattern will be [showed] with all that was originally designed in the second colour , transcribed to black on the screen .

Our pattern will be displayed as we originally designed it in the Fair Isle option , but we are about to make some changes .
our pattern will be [showed] as we originally designed it in the fair isle option , but we are about to make some changes .

When the pattern is displayed from within this option it will appear as shown in Figure 5 .
when the pattern is [showed] from within this option it will appear as shown in figure 5 .

According to Kelly , Fang 's speech , ‘ displayed all the features which were to lead to his purge in 1987 ’ ( Kelly 1987 : 133 ) .
according to kelly , fang 's speech , ‘ [showed] all the features which were to lead to his purge in 1987 ’ ( kelly 1987 : 133 ) .

The posters at Tianjin displayed the most open hostility to the communist regime .
the posters at tianjin [showed] the most open hostility to the communist regime .

These logical objects will have several properties , one of which is the font ( or fonts — maybe screen fonts are different from paper fonts ) in which it is displayed .
these logical objects will have several properties , one of which is the font ( or fonts — maybe screen fonts are different from paper fonts ) in which it is [showed] .

This can be done even if book titles are currently displayed in the same font as , say , section headings .
this can be done even if book titles are currently [showed] in the same font as , say , section headings .

In some hypertext systems that use the scroll model , such as Guide , chunks are actually inserted within other chunks when the document is displayed on the screen .
in some hypertext systems that use the scroll model , such as guide , chunks are actually inserted within other chunks when the document is [showed] on the screen .

Guide supports two ways of saving material : a structural save of the hyperdocument itself , and a what-you-see save , covering the hyperdocument as currently displayed on the screen ( i.e .
guide supports two ways of saving material : a structural save of the hyperdocument itself , and a what-you-see save , covering the hyperdocument as currently [showed] on the screen ( i.e .

Many people find it hard to praise children for behaviour they believe should be displayed anyway .
many people find it hard to praise children for behaviour they believe should be [showed] anyway .

Some researchers ( for example , Bates 1976 ; Lock 1980a ) have gone a step further and proposed that the non-verbal communicative skills which are displayed in ‘ showing ’ and ‘ requesting ’ objects are direct precursors to the linguistic functions of ‘ telling ’ or ‘ giving information ’ and ‘ asking questions ’ .
some researchers ( for example , bates 1976 ; lock 1980a ) have gone a step further and proposed that the non-verbal communicative skills which are [showed] in ‘ showing ’ and ‘ requesting ’ objects are direct precursors to the linguistic functions of ‘ telling ’ or ‘ giving information ’ and ‘ asking questions ’ .

The tail is distinctive , as its popular name suggests , having a black patch prominently displayed in each lobe of the forked caudal fin .
the tail is distinctive , as its popular name suggests , having a black patch prominently [showed] in each lobe of the forked caudal fin .

Along with these we have displayed all the recovered remains of the aircraft .
along with these we have [showed] all the recovered remains of the aircraft .

Although it is possible to have several garment pieces on the screen at the same time , only one stitch pattern can be displayed when superimposing .
although it is possible to have several garment pieces on the screen at the same time , only one stitch pattern can be [showed] when superimposing .

Jack enjoyed his early training and displayed the sort of ability much sought after by the Signal and Telegraph Department .
jack enjoyed his early training and [showed] the sort of ability much sought after by the signal and telegraph department .

Her gaze had drifted as she spoke and seemed to rest on one of the photographs displayed nearby .
her gaze had drifted as she spoke and seemed to rest on one of the photographs [showed] nearby .

But Barnes so far has neither displayed the range nor passion in an England shirt that Gascoigne displays for the responsibility .
but barnes so far has neither [showed] the range nor passion in an england shirt that gascoigne displays for the responsibility .

Palace lacked the speed of thought , the wit and the crisp execution that their boss displayed in his post-match press conference .
palace lacked the speed of thought , the wit and the crisp execution that their boss [showed] in his post-match press conference .

Rangers had lost some of the invention they displayed in the first half , but still had Ferdinand eagerly searching for a goal .
rangers had lost some of the invention they [showed] in the first half , but still had ferdinand eagerly searching for a goal .

But even though Marseille were satisfied with a point , the sheer reserves Rangers displayed means they can not be discounted , in a group which does not appear to have an outstanding team .
but even though marseille were satisfied with a point , the sheer reserves rangers [showed] means they can not be discounted , in a group which does not appear to have an outstanding team .

Within the process of group interaction , attitudes become apparent , opinions are expressed , and behaviour is displayed , all quite spontaneously within normal social conversation and discussion .
within the process of group interaction , attitudes become apparent , opinions are expressed , and behaviour is [showed] , all quite spontaneously within normal social conversation and discussion .

Earlier we talked about antimatter — particles which have all their physical characteristics opposite to those displayed by particles of matter .
earlier we talked about antimatter — particles which have all their physical characteristics opposite to those [showed] by particles of matter .

It is always wise to first check with the recipient the colour scheme of the room in which the picture will be displayed , as it is possible to vary the emphasis placed upon the colours within the picture accordingly .
it is always wise to first check with the recipient the colour scheme of the room in which the picture will be [showed] , as it is possible to vary the emphasis placed upon the colours within the picture accordingly .

You can use more glue than normal as the picture will not be displayed , and it is essential that the flowers should remain in their exact position .
you can use more glue than normal as the picture will not be [showed] , and it is essential that the flowers should remain in their exact position .

You could even make a different arrangement for each season , if you are decorating a photograph you wish to keep displayed all year round .
you could even make a different arrangement for each season , if you are decorating a photograph you wish to keep [showed] all year round .

without there being displayed in such a manner as to be clearly visible to other persons using the road from within a reasonable distance from the front and back of the vehicle 8 .
without there being [showed] in such a manner as to be clearly visible to other persons using the road from within a reasonable distance from the front and back of the vehicle 8 .

Section 4 ( 2 ) of the Public Order Act 1986 extends the old Section 5 breach of the peace offence by providing : An offence under this section may be committed in a public or a private place , except that no offence is committed where the words or behaviour are used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation is distributed or displayed , by a person inside a dwelling and the other person is also inside that or another dwelling .
section 4 ( 2 ) of the public order act 1986 extends the old section 5 breach of the peace offence by providing : an offence under this section may be committed in a public or a private place , except that no offence is committed where the words or behaviour are used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation is distributed or [showed] , by a person inside a dwelling and the other person is also inside that or another dwelling .

‘ did at … ’ This point means that under Section 5(2) and ( 3 ) an offence under this section may be committed in a public or private place , except that no offence is committed where the words or behaviour are used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation is displayed by a person inside a dwelling and the other person is also inside that or another dwelling .
‘ did at … ’ this point means that under section 5(2) and ( 3 ) an offence under this section may be committed in a public or private place , except that no offence is committed where the words or behaviour are used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation is [showed] by a person inside a dwelling and the other person is also inside that or another dwelling .

that he was inside a dwelling and had no reason to believe that the words or behaviour used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation displayed , would be heard or seen by a person outside that or any other dwelling , or
that he was inside a dwelling and had no reason to believe that the words or behaviour used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation [showed] , would be heard or seen by a person outside that or any other dwelling , or

Old Joseph was glad he kept the Christmas cards from his son and daughter in 1987 , for every year since then he has taken them out and displayed them as if they had come in with the post .
old joseph was glad he kept the christmas cards from his son and daughter in 1987 , for every year since then he has taken them out and [showed] them as if they had come in with the post .

He was glad that he did n't throw out the Christmas cards from his son and daughter in 1987 , for every year since he had taken them out of the suitcase on top of the wardrobe and displayed them in his own room as if they had come in with the morning post .
he was glad that he did n't throw out the christmas cards from his son and daughter in 1987 , for every year since he had taken them out of the suitcase on top of the wardrobe and [showed] them in his own room as if they had come in with the morning post .

What Forest displayed at Elland Road were not green shoots of recovery but a field of talent in full bloom .
what forest [showed] at elland road were not green shoots of recovery but a field of talent in full bloom .

France , inspired by captain Gilles Dumas , who opened the scoring in the fourth minute , displayed their breathtaking array of attacking skills in a frantic final 40 minutes .
france , inspired by captain gilles dumas , who opened the scoring in the fourth minute , [showed] their breathtaking array of attacking skills in a frantic final 40 minutes .

Yesterday , both sides displayed sufficient quality for them both to believe the Premier League title is not beyond them .
yesterday , both sides [showed] sufficient quality for them both to believe the premier league title is not beyond them .

Similarly , if the London users want to enquire on the data , they initiate the enquiry on their local computer in the usual way , but behind the scenes the computer sends a message to its counterpart in New York asking for the data , which is then passed back across the network to be displayed on the enquirer 's screen .
similarly , if the london users want to enquire on the data , they initiate the enquiry on their local computer in the usual way , but behind the scenes the computer sends a message to its counterpart in new york asking for the data , which is then passed back across the network to be [showed] on the enquirer 's screen .

Anthills are often seen decorated with flowers , and small offerings of food are displayed near the base when it is known that a Cobra is in residence .
anthills are often seen decorated with flowers , and small offerings of food are [showed] near the base when it is known that a cobra is in residence .

When the factory came into use , a special tram service was provided , using the bogie cars which displayed the destination ‘ Waddon Workman ’ .
when the factory came into use , a special tram service was provided , using the bogie cars which [showed] the destination ‘ waddon workman ’ .

Since the UndergrounD Group took over , the Company 's cars had carried the statutory lettering at the bottom of the rocker panel , but had displayed no badge or fleet name .
since the underground group took over , the company 's cars had carried the statutory lettering at the bottom of the rocker panel , but had [showed] no badge or fleet name .

Convertible debt is to be displayed separately from other liabilities .
convertible debt is to be [showed] separately from other liabilities .

Each card displayed a pager number and a drawing of an old-time gangster spraying machine-gun fire from a vintage car .
each card [showed] a pager number and a drawing of an old-time gangster spraying machine-gun fire from a vintage car .

The anonymous pilot displayed skill and nerve to land the crippled plane at screeching high speed at the city 's National Airport .
the anonymous pilot [showed] skill and nerve to land the crippled plane at screeching high speed at the city 's national airport .

The team , coached by national coach Ian ‘ Bucky ’ Buchanan , has displayed the same hard running , no-nonsense tackling as the Namibians .
the team , coached by national coach ian ‘ bucky ’ buchanan , has [showed] the same hard running , no-nonsense tackling as the namibians .

The playback can he displayed either over the viewfinder so you can check your recordings as you go or by being connected to an external television screen or monitor .
the playback can he [showed] either over the viewfinder so you can check your recordings as you go or by being connected to an external television screen or monitor .

Sugar was displayed at the world market price of 33p a kilo and at the 68p it costs Britons because of the Common Agricultural Policy .
sugar was [showed] at the world market price of 33p a kilo and at the 68p it costs britons because of the common agricultural policy .

Chief amongst these would be the photographs which could be displayed in ornate frames for all to see , or tucked away more discreetly in leather-bound , gilt-edged albums .
chief amongst these would be the photographs which could be [showed] in ornate frames for all to see , or tucked away more discreetly in leather-bound , gilt-edged albums .

But the comments from those who have been to it would rapidly be displayed outside any West End theatre : ‘ It was splendid .
but the comments from those who have been to it would rapidly be [showed] outside any west end theatre : ‘ it was splendid .

It can be displayed in plots such as those of Fig .
it can be [showed] in plots such as those of fig .

In our experimental tasks , English letters were presented on a monitor , while in the control tasks , which were formally identical , we displayed Korean letters , which could not be transcoded phonologically .
in our experimental tasks , english letters were presented on a monitor , while in the control tasks , which were formally identical , we [showed] korean letters , which could not be transcoded phonologically .

The crest is displayed during courtship encounters at breeding colonies .
the crest is [showed] during courtship encounters at breeding colonies .

The resulting variation in mating success in both sexes provides an opportunity for sexual selection to favour ornaments that are displayed during courtship .
the resulting variation in mating success in both sexes provides an opportunity for sexual selection to favour ornaments that are [showed] during courtship .

The data are displayed as the mean of three individual experiments ( s.e.m . )
the data are [showed] as the mean of three individual experiments ( s.e.m . )

It is sometimes asserted that Eastern bishops displayed greater theological learning than those in the West , which is why most Councils took place in the East .
it is sometimes asserted that eastern bishops [showed] greater theological learning than those in the west , which is why most councils took place in the east .

In a book published in 1975 , he praises Montini for the courage he had displayed in supporting him twenty years earlier , but adds this comment : One does not have to accept all of that to recognize that the assessment is shrewd .
in a book published in 1975 , he praises montini for the courage he had [showed] in supporting him twenty years earlier , but adds this comment : one does not have to accept all of that to recognize that the assessment is shrewd .

In London 's Victoria Station , a kiosk displayed over 700 magazines — 40 on computing , 75 on music and hi-fi , others on skateboarding , home freezers , body-building , and many other categories ( including soft porn ) that in 1945 did not exist .
in london 's victoria station , a kiosk [showed] over 700 magazines — 40 on computing , 75 on music and hi-fi , others on skateboarding , home freezers , body-building , and many other categories ( including soft porn ) that in 1945 did not exist .

, and by defeating him in single combat , completes the exposure of Edmund , the bastard being displayed as a hypocrite and pretender ( 162–74 ) , who in a fair contest — according to Renaissance optimism about the superiority of right — is bound to be defeated by the legitimate .
, and by defeating him in single combat , completes the exposure of edmund , the bastard being [showed] as a hypocrite and pretender ( 162–74 ) , who in a fair contest — according to renaissance optimism about the superiority of right — is bound to be defeated by the legitimate .

These collections should be displayed in 20 medium-sized cities and rotated among them , say , annually .
these collections should be [showed] in 20 medium-sized cities and rotated among them , say , annually .

This centralised replenishment system makes it practical for Kmart 's management in Troy to dictate exactly which goods will be displayed at Auburn Hills , and how .
this centralised replenishment system makes it practical for kmart 's management in troy to dictate exactly which goods will be [showed] at auburn hills , and how .

Data showing that shoppers buy these items together more often when they are displayed together will confirm that the ploy works .
data showing that shoppers buy these items together more often when they are [showed] together will confirm that the ploy works .

There is no reason to believe that an increasing disparity between the standards of morality and behaviour which one has grown up to believe were true and right and those displayed and legitimated in the surrounding society can not of itself provide the ground for commitment to a movement of moral reform .
there is no reason to believe that an increasing disparity between the standards of morality and behaviour which one has grown up to believe were true and right and those [showed] and legitimated in the surrounding society can not of itself provide the ground for commitment to a movement of moral reform .

The educational system has always displayed great inertia , a built-in resistance to change , which is contributed to by both teachers and parents alike .
the educational system has always [showed] great inertia , a built-in resistance to change , which is contributed to by both teachers and parents alike .

This explanation is then offered to others with the intention of getting them to agree that circumstances conspired to prevent you from performing with the excellence and flair that you would , in the normal course of events , have displayed .
this explanation is then offered to others with the intention of getting them to agree that circumstances conspired to prevent you from performing with the excellence and flair that you would , in the normal course of events , have [showed] .

Bruskin and the poet-conceptualist Lev Rubinshteyn have displayed a collaborative work , a manuscript book of almost 200 pages with text and illustrations on separate leaves .
bruskin and the poet-conceptualist lev rubinshteyn have [showed] a collaborative work , a manuscript book of almost 200 pages with text and illustrations on separate leaves .

Drawings will be displayed separately , with a particularly strong group of Neo-classical works and another of drawings and watercolours by Delacroix and Gericault .
drawings will be [showed] separately , with a particularly strong group of neo-classical works and another of drawings and watercolours by delacroix and gericault .

That unequivocal approach to the presentation of early Macedonian culture is in line with signs now displayed at the counters of Olympic Airways at Athens Airport : ‘ Macedonia is Greek .
that unequivocal approach to the presentation of early macedonian culture is in line with signs now [showed] at the counters of olympic airways at athens airport : ‘ macedonia is greek .

Among those projected are galleries housing ethnographic material currently in the Museum of Mankind , including material from the Americas to be displayed in four rooms carved out of a large space at the end of the existing North Library .
among those projected are galleries housing ethnographic material currently in the museum of mankind , including material from the americas to be [showed] in four rooms carved out of a large space at the end of the existing north library .

As you can see , there are seven available options as to how your new design will be created on the screen or how a pattern that is already stored will be displayed .
as you can see , there are seven available options as to how your new design will be created on the screen or how a pattern that is already stored will be [showed] .

The design is in just two colours and is displayed as such . But how will the machine and controller knit this ?
the design is in just two colours and is [showed] as such . but how will the machine and controller knit this ?

Quite apart from Lanfranc 's example , the commonest of all images of authority , whether of the abbot with his monks , or the master with his pupils , or the king with his witan or barons , displayed the seated ruler presiding over them , dispensing justice and declaring doctrine .
quite apart from lanfranc 's example , the commonest of all images of authority , whether of the abbot with his monks , or the master with his pupils , or the king with his witan or barons , [showed] the seated ruler presiding over them , dispensing justice and declaring doctrine .

The paintings of the Kings of Saxony displayed as architect Semper intended
the paintings of the kings of saxony [showed] as architect semper intended

At the Met they also plan to publish the first catalogue of the museum 's costume collection , to take shape gradually as the collection is displayed .
at the met they also plan to publish the first catalogue of the museum 's costume collection , to take shape gradually as the collection is [showed] .

Seemann in Leipzig still has a rather small list of new issues , but fills an important gap at last with the completely revised catalogue of the displayed works in the Gemäldegalerie Dresden alter Meister to celebrate the re-opening of the Zwinger in December after extensive restoration .
seemann in leipzig still has a rather small list of new issues , but fills an important gap at last with the completely revised catalogue of the [showed] works in the gemäldegalerie dresden alter meister to celebrate the re-opening of the zwinger in december after extensive restoration .

Gold rings , finely wrought chains and bracelets with head terminals were also displayed at the press conference held at the Museum on 19 November , together with a beautiful silver , niello-inlaid tiger , probably a mount for a chariot .
gold rings , finely wrought chains and bracelets with head terminals were also [showed] at the press conference held at the museum on 19 november , together with a beautiful silver , niello-inlaid tiger , probably a mount for a chariot .

He displayed perfectly that contradiction of attitude ( or ‘ supreme paradox ’ , as Phillipson puts it ) in ‘ expert ’ thinking on old age that had emerged by the 1940s — on the one hand portraying the elderly as a disastrous burden on society ( men over the age of 65 and women ova 60 had formed 6.2 per cent of the British population in 1901 , an estimated 12.0 per cent in 1941 , and would be 20.8 per cent in 1971 ) , yet on the other hand , paying lip-service to their status as an exceptionally deserving group : ‘ Provision made for age must be satisfactory ; otherwise great numbers may suffer .
he [showed] perfectly that contradiction of attitude ( or ‘ supreme paradox ’ , as phillipson puts it ) in ‘ expert ’ thinking on old age that had emerged by the 1940s — on the one hand portraying the elderly as a disastrous burden on society ( men over the age of 65 and women ova 60 had formed 6.2 per cent of the british population in 1901 , an estimated 12.0 per cent in 1941 , and would be 20.8 per cent in 1971 ) , yet on the other hand , paying lip-service to their status as an exceptionally deserving group : ‘ provision made for age must be satisfactory ; otherwise great numbers may suffer .

Grouped by region , date and school , the casts were displayed in the palais du Trocadero built for the 1878 Exposition Universelle and expanded in the 1930s as part of a constantly evolving display .
grouped by region , date and school , the casts were [showed] in the palais du trocadero built for the 1878 exposition universelle and expanded in the 1930s as part of a constantly evolving display .

Other museums take note ; only by use of technical knowledge such as that displayed here is it possible to build an honest and complete picture of the origin and subsequent vicissitudes of any object .
other museums take note ; only by use of technical knowledge such as that [showed] here is it possible to build an honest and complete picture of the origin and subsequent vicissitudes of any object .

Boldly displayed colour plates and a wealth of freshly selected details , often in the form of juxtaposed photographs and contemporary engravings , make these books a pleasure to use since images and texts are well co-ordinated .
boldly [showed] colour plates and a wealth of freshly selected details , often in the form of juxtaposed photographs and contemporary engravings , make these books a pleasure to use since images and texts are well co-ordinated .

There are far too few illustrations for the size of the volume : ideally a dictionary of this size should contain many more , displayed in either date , alphabetical or country order , or perhaps in a comparative sequence .
there are far too few illustrations for the size of the volume : ideally a dictionary of this size should contain many more , [showed] in either date , alphabetical or country order , or perhaps in a comparative sequence .

Eighteen objects including large gold rings , engraved gems , necklaces and other examples of jeweller 's work similar to pieces in the National Musem in Athens will be displayed .
eighteen objects including large gold rings , engraved gems , necklaces and other examples of jeweller 's work similar to pieces in the national musem in athens will be [showed] .

Rather than just a smaller version of the New York show , it has been reshaped to provide a detailed overview of the years 1904 to 1917 , and around 130 paintings , together with drawings and sculpture dating from these years will be displayed .
rather than just a smaller version of the new york show , it has been reshaped to provide a detailed overview of the years 1904 to 1917 , and around 130 paintings , together with drawings and sculpture dating from these years will be [showed] .

Its members , since 1951 nominated by the national parliaments , themselves displayed a tendency in many debates to cluster around political party identity rather than nationality .
its members , since 1951 nominated by the national parliaments , themselves [showed] a tendency in many debates to cluster around political party identity rather than nationality .

In fact , outside the Europe of the Six very little had been achieved and very little interest had been displayed in integration and cooperation beyond the all-European organisations that had been set up at the end of the previous decade .
in fact , outside the europe of the six very little had been achieved and very little interest had been [showed] in integration and cooperation beyond the all-european organisations that had been set up at the end of the previous decade .

Works in marker pen can be reproduced on colour photocopiers or by printing and need not be displayed themselves .
works in marker pen can be reproduced on colour photocopiers or by printing and need not be [showed] themselves .

Their frustration arose not only from the belief that amelioration was failing in the West Indies , but from lack of action by the Whig government and the little urgency displayed , in the eyes of many activists , by the London committee of the Anti-Slavery Society and their parliamentary allies .
their frustration arose not only from the belief that amelioration was failing in the west indies , but from lack of action by the whig government and the little urgency [showed] , in the eyes of many activists , by the london committee of the anti-slavery society and their parliamentary allies .

Reitzenstein in particular pushed to its extreme limits a view , which was to be held by others in the following generation , notably Rudolf Bultmann , that the ideas of redemption displayed in the New Testament were in fact derived from pre-Christian gnostic mythology .
reitzenstein in particular pushed to its extreme limits a view , which was to be held by others in the following generation , notably rudolf bultmann , that the ideas of redemption [showed] in the new testament were in fact derived from pre-christian gnostic mythology .

Of course these superior critics disliked the way his films displayed ‘ the grossest sentimentality ’ , but this was the price that had to be paid for his mass popularity and after all , as William Hunter reminded his readers , Dickens had been far more sentimental for very much the same reasons .
of course these superior critics disliked the way his films [showed] ‘ the grossest sentimentality ’ , but this was the price that had to be paid for his mass popularity and after all , as william hunter reminded his readers , dickens had been far more sentimental for very much the same reasons .

Many of the critics displayed amazing disingenuousness , not to say hypocrisy .
many of the critics [showed] amazing disingenuousness , not to say hypocrisy .

The material could also be used just on the back wall of an alcove , to highlight a special collection displayed on shelves in front of it , for instance .
the material could also be used just on the back wall of an alcove , to highlight a special collection [showed] on shelves in front of it , for instance .

It invariably turns out that an operator makes a series of decisions partly on the basis of what is currently displayed ( on-line information ) and partly on the basis of other material obtained from his knowledge of the system performance , his briefing and his operating instructions ( off-line information ) .
it invariably turns out that an operator makes a series of decisions partly on the basis of what is currently [showed] ( on-line information ) and partly on the basis of other material obtained from his knowledge of the system performance , his briefing and his operating instructions ( off-line information ) .

The expressions on the faces of the displayed bodies suddenly change ; their faces contort and their limbs look as if their muscles are writhing below the surface of the skin .
the expressions on the faces of the [showed] bodies suddenly change ; their faces contort and their limbs look as if their muscles are writhing below the surface of the skin .

In the confused political and religious climate of the 1640s and 1650s , a wide range of doctrinal and liturgical practice was displayed by the various different religious groups which now had the freedom to worship openly .
in the confused political and religious climate of the 1640s and 1650s , a wide range of doctrinal and liturgical practice was [showed] by the various different religious groups which now had the freedom to worship openly .

One thrust of this revolt displayed itself in a widespread attachment to the established church of the pre-1625 period , with its more relaxed doctrinal approach that was able to accommodate the beliefs of Richard Hooker as well as those of the compilers of the Lambeth Articles ; the other took the form of the ‘ left-wing Arminianism ’ of radical groups such as the General Baptists and Quakers , who rejected the rigidities of predestination in favour of the belief that all could attain salvation , and who , it is argued , won much popular support as a consequence .
one thrust of this revolt [showed] itself in a widespread attachment to the established church of the pre-1625 period , with its more relaxed doctrinal approach that was able to accommodate the beliefs of richard hooker as well as those of the compilers of the lambeth articles ; the other took the form of the ‘ left-wing arminianism ’ of radical groups such as the general baptists and quakers , who rejected the rigidities of predestination in favour of the belief that all could attain salvation , and who , it is argued , won much popular support as a consequence .

Many , none the less , displayed an ordered and simple beauty .
many , none the less , [showed] an ordered and simple beauty .

In the half-century that followed the restoration of the Stuart monarchy in 1660 , the English church and state displayed in turn two very different attitudes towards the rival religious groupings within continental Europe .
in the half-century that followed the restoration of the stuart monarchy in 1660 , the english church and state [showed] in turn two very different attitudes towards the rival religious groupings within continental europe .

Many individuals also displayed a strong attachment to the Prayer-Book ceremonies associated with rites of passage : baptism , churching , marriage , and the burial of the dead .
many individuals also [showed] a strong attachment to the prayer-book ceremonies associated with rites of passage : baptism , churching , marriage , and the burial of the dead .

Though widely reported , it is uncertain whether on 10 September Moltke , in fact , informed the Kaiser , ‘ Majesty , we have lost the war ’ ; if so , it showed a flash of strategic prescience that he displayed at no other moment in his military career .
though widely reported , it is uncertain whether on 10 september moltke , in fact , informed the kaiser , ‘ majesty , we have lost the war ’ ; if so , it showed a flash of strategic prescience that he [showed] at no other moment in his military career .

In 1915 he replaced Sir Horace Smith-Dorrien as commander of the Second Army , and at the Second Battle of Ypres displayed great decisiveness and coolness of mind .
in 1915 he replaced sir horace smith-dorrien as commander of the second army , and at the second battle of ypres [showed] great decisiveness and coolness of mind .

The front pages of every publication from the Communist Party 's daily newspaper , Scînteia , through to obscure literary journals and even the calendar of religious festivals issued by the tame Orthodox Church , always displayed a portrait of Nicolae Ceauşescu or a photograph of the ‘ most beloved couple ’ .
the front pages of every publication from the communist party 's daily newspaper , scînteia , through to obscure literary journals and even the calendar of religious festivals issued by the tame orthodox church , always [showed] a portrait of nicolae ceauşescu or a photograph of the ‘ most beloved couple ’ .

Such examples of foreign respect and admiration for the Comrade and his wife were displayed throughout Romania in every museum and library .
such examples of foreign respect and admiration for the comrade and his wife were [showed] throughout romania in every museum and library .

They were displayed with an almost subversive indifference to the impression made upon the spectator .
they were [showed] with an almost subversive indifference to the impression made upon the spectator .

As in a fairy-story , when the great man entered the room where the models were displayed , his eyes fell immediately on the glittering and finely crafted work of the youngest and least known of the competitors .
as in a fairy-story , when the great man entered the room where the models were [showed] , his eyes fell immediately on the glittering and finely crafted work of the youngest and least known of the competitors .

Having displayed in this clear format what has been happening , you will then be able to interpret the general trend , and raise questions regarding those years which proved to be exceptions to the overall picture .
having [showed] in this clear format what has been happening , you will then be able to interpret the general trend , and raise questions regarding those years which proved to be exceptions to the overall picture .

They had displayed a radical , organised resistance to both industrial capital and the state in the first half of the nineteenth century .
they had [showed] a radical , organised resistance to both industrial capital and the state in the first half of the nineteenth century .

Faith is perhaps the operative word for the collector of modern books , the type of faith displayed with such success by booksellers such as Bertram Rota who was recently called by another specialist in this field the ‘ master-mason of the modern first edition ’ .
faith is perhaps the operative word for the collector of modern books , the type of faith [showed] with such success by booksellers such as bertram rota who was recently called by another specialist in this field the ‘ master-mason of the modern first edition ’ .

Many bookcases and sets of shelves displayed in furniture shops were never designed by a book man or anyone well acquainted with books , especially where sizes are concerned .
many bookcases and sets of shelves [showed] in furniture shops were never designed by a book man or anyone well acquainted with books , especially where sizes are concerned .

Her independence and organizing ability had been displayed early when she joined the Girl Scouts in 1909 and formed the first Bournemouth troop of guides .
her independence and organizing ability had been [showed] early when she joined the girl scouts in 1909 and formed the first bournemouth troop of guides .

Such generalized and unsystematic anti-semitic obsessions as were displayed by individuals in these groups would suggest that little could be learned from an attempt to study the belief systems of such movements .
such generalized and unsystematic anti-semitic obsessions as were [showed] by individuals in these groups would suggest that little could be learned from an attempt to study the belief systems of such movements .

It is very unfortunate therefore that , in Britain especially , social anthropologists have , on the whole , displayed towards colleagues in adjacent disciplines so little of the ecumenical tolerance with which they habitually approach exotic tribesmen .
it is very unfortunate therefore that , in britain especially , social anthropologists have , on the whole , [showed] towards colleagues in adjacent disciplines so little of the ecumenical tolerance with which they habitually approach exotic tribesmen .

Let us , however , also pay tribute to the high-minded humanitarian concern displayed , however patronizingly , by so many of our Victorian predecessors .
let us , however , also pay tribute to the high-minded humanitarian concern [showed] , however patronizingly , by so many of our victorian predecessors .

Redness , on the other hand , which is associated both with the ( destructive ) shedding of blood and with the primordial ties of kinship in blood signifies at a more abstract level discontinuity , disharmony , and might acquired by , and displayed in , breaking the rules of order and harmony .
redness , on the other hand , which is associated both with the ( destructive ) shedding of blood and with the primordial ties of kinship in blood signifies at a more abstract level discontinuity , disharmony , and might acquired by , and [showed] in , breaking the rules of order and harmony .

But , and this is the point , the contexts in which this is displayed are opposite to each other .
but , and this is the point , the contexts in which this is [showed] are opposite to each other .

While we have stressed the aftermath of the court case when all his actual weapons and masks were displayed , the details of the case were described vividly in the previous year as the offences occurred .
while we have stressed the aftermath of the court case when all his actual weapons and masks were [showed] , the details of the case were described vividly in the previous year as the offences occurred .

In fact , there were only five which displayed these kinds of stereotypes : e.g .
in fact , there were only five which [showed] these kinds of stereotypes : e.g .

Locos , carriages and other vehicles are displayed in the town 's former locomotive shed and with safe , easy access , and virtually no restricted areas , the youngsters are actively encouraged to climb aboard and explore the static exhibits .
locos , carriages and other vehicles are [showed] in the town 's former locomotive shed and with safe , easy access , and virtually no restricted areas , the youngsters are actively encouraged to climb aboard and explore the static exhibits .

It is usual to assume that the pupils will be able to use close-range materials on the desk or table in front of them , and then look up to the blackboard , perhaps to copy notes or diagrams displayed there , then quickly refocus on to their desk work .
it is usual to assume that the pupils will be able to use close-range materials on the desk or table in front of them , and then look up to the blackboard , perhaps to copy notes or diagrams [showed] there , then quickly refocus on to their desk work .

They should be displayed in a way that enables them to be appreciated by all the children in the class , whatever their visual capabilities .
they should be [showed] in a way that enables them to be appreciated by all the children in the class , whatever their visual capabilities .

Whatever the method used , the pupil 's position in relation to displayed work should be considered .
whatever the method used , the pupil 's position in relation to [showed] work should be considered .

The mountain poses perfectly for the camera from the head of the Kyle , where its arresting presence is gloriously displayed .
the mountain poses perfectly for the camera from the head of the kyle , where its arresting presence is gloriously [showed] .

Loveliness is lavishly displayed .
loveliness is lavishly [showed] .

The mountains south of the head of Loch Arkaig are fully in view from the end of the road , Sgurr Thuilm and Streap in particular being well displayed , but to see the even grander mountains bordering Glen Dessarry , a short walk up this glen should be taken .
the mountains south of the head of loch arkaig are fully in view from the end of the road , sgurr thuilm and streap in particular being well [showed] , but to see the even grander mountains bordering glen dessarry , a short walk up this glen should be taken .

No 2 Countess waits patiently while the specially produced banner is displayed to the guest and press .
no 2 countess waits patiently while the specially produced banner is [showed] to the guest and press .

Its functional modernity struck a discordant note in a room which was otherwise cluttered with eighteenth-century furniture ; two chairs with embroidered seats , a Pembroke table , a bureau , each a fine example of its period , were strategically placed to provide an island of support if she needed to make her painful progress to the door , so that the room looked rather like an antique shop with its treasures ineptly displayed .
its functional modernity struck a discordant note in a room which was otherwise cluttered with eighteenth-century furniture ; two chairs with embroidered seats , a pembroke table , a bureau , each a fine example of its period , were strategically placed to provide an island of support if she needed to make her painful progress to the door , so that the room looked rather like an antique shop with its treasures ineptly [showed] .

Half-way up the handsome pine staircase that Catherine installed , a collection of locally bought antiques is displayed for guests to purchase .
half-way up the handsome pine staircase that catherine installed , a collection of locally bought antiques is [showed] for guests to purchase .

Examples were mounted in tooled silver reliquaries in niches , or displayed in rococo gilt cases which cyborged Servitors dusted .
examples were mounted in tooled silver reliquaries in niches , or [showed] in rococo gilt cases which cyborged servitors dusted .

Another segment displayed the night side of planet Karkason : a swell of blackness pricked with intermittent little red pimples which were the mouths of its active volcanos — those , at least , which were not currently cloaked by smoke …
another segment [showed] the night side of planet karkason : a swell of blackness pricked with intermittent little red pimples which were the mouths of its active volcanos — those , at least , which were not currently cloaked by smoke …

The house was staffed round the clock since many of the residents needed practical help with everyday tasks and several still displayed ‘ odd ’ or difficult behaviour .
the house was staffed round the clock since many of the residents needed practical help with everyday tasks and several still [showed] ‘ odd ’ or difficult behaviour .

She took a cigar box from a cupboard , opened it and displayed a number of sticks of greasepaint .
she took a cigar box from a cupboard , opened it and [showed] a number of sticks of greasepaint .

Local art was displayed on the walls , and fans swished overhead .
local art was [showed] on the walls , and fans swished overhead .

Huge honey-roasted hams and game-hens were displayed on stands and silver platters .
huge honey-roasted hams and game-hens were [showed] on stands and silver platters .

The impertinence of these little men , he thought , making a mental note of the official 's number — so prominently displayed on his chest — before he waved him away .
the impertinence of these little men , he thought , making a mental note of the official 's number — so prominently [showed] on his chest — before he waved him away .

They include long-range participant-observation which permits unlimited access to the linguistic competence of the central figures of those networks , along with recordings of group interaction in which the vernacular is displayed with minimum interference from the effects of observation .
they include long-range participant-observation which permits unlimited access to the linguistic competence of the central figures of those networks , along with recordings of group interaction in which the vernacular is [showed] with minimum interference from the effects of observation .

But Denis had been totally unnerved by the complete lack of fear or even concern the Jew had displayed at the sudden sight of the gun .
but denis had been totally unnerved by the complete lack of fear or even concern the jew had [showed] at the sudden sight of the gun .

Jacob was still not the daughter she had set her heart on , but even though he was a male child he was , at least , physically recognisable as her offspring , and as he grew up he displayed artistic tendencies of a kind which she was sure could have flowered in her had she been given the chance .
jacob was still not the daughter she had set her heart on , but even though he was a male child he was , at least , physically recognisable as her offspring , and as he grew up he [showed] artistic tendencies of a kind which she was sure could have flowered in her had she been given the chance .

He began to notice how people deferred to it , seeking to mollify its tyranny : this business , for instance , of praising the compassion it displayed in healing old wounds .
he began to notice how people deferred to it , seeking to mollify its tyranny : this business , for instance , of praising the compassion it [showed] in healing old wounds .

There is a direct parallel between the enormously exaggerated zoot suit of the thirties and forties and the similar styles of the mid-eighties : extravagant quantities of fabric displayed in great draped jackets with huge , padded shoulders .
there is a direct parallel between the enormously exaggerated zoot suit of the thirties and forties and the similar styles of the mid-eighties : extravagant quantities of fabric [showed] in great draped jackets with huge , padded shoulders .

By 1953 , the refusal that such dressiness displayed had spread to a hitherto unexpected and unexplained location : the working-class boys and girls who , congregating around various London centres , had assumed what had been up until a couple of years previously a homosexual style , the Edwardian Look .
by 1953 , the refusal that such dressiness [showed] had spread to a hitherto unexpected and unexplained location : the working-class boys and girls who , congregating around various london centres , had assumed what had been up until a couple of years previously a homosexual style , the edwardian look .

Indeed the gallery can be seen as if it were only ( which of course it is also ) a mere technical device for the objects to be displayed .
indeed the gallery can be seen as if it were only ( which of course it is also ) a mere technical device for the objects to be [showed] .

The paper selected was almost inevitably the Sunday Telegraph , which had displayed a greater sympathy for the Biafran cause than most .
the paper selected was almost inevitably the sunday telegraph , which had [showed] a greater sympathy for the biafran cause than most .

On the larger bottom tier were several rather chunky pieces of Beth 's fruit loaf , baked in the manner which Maisie had taught her ; then came the apple cake wedges ; and finally , making a pretty pattern on the smallest top tier , the tiny sponge cakes , each one displayed in a pretty white doily and finished with a half cherry on top .
on the larger bottom tier were several rather chunky pieces of beth 's fruit loaf , baked in the manner which maisie had taught her ; then came the apple cake wedges ; and finally , making a pretty pattern on the smallest top tier , the tiny sponge cakes , each one [showed] in a pretty white doily and finished with a half cherry on top .

’ He displayed his empty grin once more .
’ he [showed] his empty grin once more .

Open villages , on the other hand , were centres of the rural underworld — some of them notoriously so — and displayed their independence of squirearchal authority not only by engaging in petty criminal activity but by becoming centres of pre-political and political activity which opposed ‘ official ’ values and attitudes .
open villages , on the other hand , were centres of the rural underworld — some of them notoriously so — and [showed] their independence of squirearchal authority not only by engaging in petty criminal activity but by becoming centres of pre-political and political activity which opposed ‘ official ’ values and attitudes .

The radiography profession , for example , was seeking people who displayed tact and empathy ( College of Radiographers , 1985 ) and the audiology technician was required to have ‘ a sympathetic and understanding personality ’ ( British Society of Audiology , n.d . )
the radiography profession , for example , was seeking people who [showed] tact and empathy ( college of radiographers , 1985 ) and the audiology technician was required to have ‘ a sympathetic and understanding personality ’ ( british society of audiology , n.d . )

Worst of all , her feminine genitals were displayed for all the world to see , lewdly decorated by two rows of pegs clipped to her vulva .
worst of all , her feminine genitals were [showed] for all the world to see , lewdly decorated by two rows of pegs clipped to her vulva .

On entering the dining room , Hope had manoeuvred himself next to Miss D'Arcy and given her to understand that he was overwhelmed at the self-control of her behaviour in the face of such insensitivity as that displayed by the over-enthusiastic Mrs Crump who , nevertheless and for the sake of harmony , had to be tolerated — if not forgiven .
on entering the dining room , hope had manoeuvred himself next to miss d'arcy and given her to understand that he was overwhelmed at the self-control of her behaviour in the face of such insensitivity as that [showed] by the over-enthusiastic mrs crump who , nevertheless and for the sake of harmony , had to be tolerated — if not forgiven .

The ‘ analogue ’ organs which followed came closer to an imitation of true organ sound by using valves , but these displayed increasing unreliability .
the ‘ analogue ’ organs which followed came closer to an imitation of true organ sound by using valves , but these [showed] increasing unreliability .

The pattern displayed here incorporates variation , but notice that the distribution of variants is rule-governed .
the pattern [showed] here incorporates variation , but notice that the distribution of variants is rule-governed .

His prints , produced at a furious rate , were eagerly bought and crowds would gather outside his publishers whenever a new etching was displayed .
his prints , produced at a furious rate , were eagerly bought and crowds would gather outside his publishers whenever a new etching was [showed] .

At the business premises , the name and address of the proprietor must be clearly displayed .
at the business premises , the name and address of the proprietor must be clearly [showed] .

Such a notice must be displayed at any premises where the business is carried on and to which customers and suppliers have access .
such a notice must be [showed] at any premises where the business is carried on and to which customers and suppliers have access .

Thus , for a particular segment of the rich it was less wealth per se which was of importance , than wealth displayed as a conspicuous distance from the world of practical necessity .
thus , for a particular segment of the rich it was less wealth per se which was of importance , than wealth [showed] as a conspicuous distance from the world of practical necessity .

The actual brilliance often displayed in the art of living in modern society by people of all classes , and the use of ambiguities , inconsistencies , resistance , framing and such devices in individual and social strategies are thereby lost .
the actual brilliance often [showed] in the art of living in modern society by people of all classes , and the use of ambiguities , inconsistencies , resistance , framing and such devices in individual and social strategies are thereby lost .

The social opportunity cost rate This is the rate whereby government projects should generate a return at least equal to the private sector projects displayed by the government applying the funds to public sector investment .
the social opportunity cost rate this is the rate whereby government projects should generate a return at least equal to the private sector projects [showed] by the government applying the funds to public sector investment .

’ Émile Chaillot displayed the deep impatience of a bureaucrat towards an artist who is not doing as he is bid .
’ émile chaillot [showed] the deep impatience of a bureaucrat towards an artist who is not doing as he is bid .

The distributions displayed could be determined by other factors — such as the physical environment or the rules in the infrastructure that govern the ‘ world of work ’ , but Todd ( pp .
the distributions [showed] could be determined by other factors — such as the physical environment or the rules in the infrastructure that govern the ‘ world of work ’ , but todd ( pp .

To most analysts , the way in which Congressional committees operate provides the key to understanding maps such as those displayed here .
to most analysts , the way in which congressional committees operate provides the key to understanding maps such as those [showed] here .

In Britain , ambivalence about regulatory rule-breaking has been displayed in the levels of sanction provided in the criminal law ( see Carson , 1980b ) .
in britain , ambivalence about regulatory rule-breaking has been [showed] in the levels of sanction provided in the criminal law ( see carson , 1980b ) .

Competence is also displayed in a detailed knowledge of territory .
competence is also [showed] in a detailed knowledge of territory .

‘ Pollution ’ here takes on a much more precise and public character since sample results can be displayed and compared by field staff with the discharger 's consent , whose parameters and limits mark out in a formal sense the degree to which the agency itself is prepared to tolerate pollution .
‘ pollution ’ here takes on a much more precise and public character since sample results can be [showed] and compared by field staff with the discharger 's consent , whose parameters and limits mark out in a formal sense the degree to which the agency itself is prepared to tolerate pollution .

The grammatical relations between the elements of this sentence can be displayed by means of a labelled tree-diagram :
the grammatical relations between the elements of this sentence can be [showed] by means of a labelled tree-diagram :

Using 256 x 200 pixel resolution , basic charts and illustrations can be displayed .
using 256 x 200 pixel resolution , basic charts and illustrations can be [showed] .

Each illustration is bit-mapped , displayed as a complete screen image and stored uncompressed .
each illustration is bit-mapped , [showed] as a complete screen image and stored uncompressed .

The office , which displayed portraits of both the last president and the new one , was filled with stale air .
the office , which [showed] portraits of both the last president and the new one , was filled with stale air .

Even an apparently new fortune like Sir Lewis de Bourgh 's , displayed by his dictatorial widow Lady Catherine in Pride and Prejudice , enables Rosings to set the standard for Hunsford .
even an apparently new fortune like sir lewis de bourgh 's , [showed] by his dictatorial widow lady catherine in pride and prejudice , enables rosings to set the standard for hunsford .

Ye injur 'd fields , ye once were gay , When Nature 's hand displayed Long waving rows of willows grey And clumps of hawthorn shade ; But now , alas ! your hawthorn bowers All desolate we see !
ye injur 'd fields , ye once were gay , when nature 's hand [showed] long waving rows of willows grey and clumps of hawthorn shade ; but now , alas ! your hawthorn bowers all desolate we see !

As a result various sites of former industrial activities have been taken over , cleaned up and displayed to the public in order to show what a real industrial area was never like .
as a result various sites of former industrial activities have been taken over , cleaned up and [showed] to the public in order to show what a real industrial area was never like .

The system is lucidly and interestingly displayed on the wall of the small café where you buy tickets for the Gorges .
the system is lucidly and interestingly [showed] on the wall of the small café where you buy tickets for the gorges .

In the period since Swann the collection of official statistics on educational achievements has displayed a slightly greater sensitivity and discrimination .
in the period since swann the collection of official statistics on educational achievements has [showed] a slightly greater sensitivity and discrimination .

Some hold a number of discrete transforms in order that a limited number Of views can be automatically described and displayed .
some hold a number of discrete transforms in order that a limited number of views can be automatically described and [showed] .

Entities living in , passing through or avoiding sub-spaces or intersections , can thus be found and displayed .
entities living in , passing through or avoiding sub-spaces or intersections , can thus be found and [showed] .

This reduces the number of entities displayed and hence lessens the confusion .
this reduces the number of entities [showed] and hence lessens the confusion .

Any geometric changes should automatically result in a change to the pictorial view being displayed on the operator 's workstation .
any geometric changes should automatically result in a change to the pictorial view being [showed] on the operator 's workstation .

The amount of change displayed will depend on the influence of those new relationships and the level to which the operator wishes to view them .
the amount of change [showed] will depend on the influence of those new relationships and the level to which the operator wishes to view them .

The nature of the original problem and its formulation will thus dictate the level and type of model to be used and displayed .
the nature of the original problem and its formulation will thus dictate the level and type of model to be used and [showed] .

This approach becomes difficult to use and understand when a large number of entities are displayed or when knowledge of the surfaces or solid parameters is necessary for the problem solution .
this approach becomes difficult to use and understand when a large number of entities are [showed] or when knowledge of the surfaces or solid parameters is necessary for the problem solution .

These relationships are held in a hierarchical fashion in such a way that greater definition is achieved as lower levels are displayed .
these relationships are held in a hierarchical fashion in such a way that greater definition is achieved as lower levels are [showed] .

It is only after the very last entity has been displayed that any quantitative evaluation can be performed .
it is only after the very last entity has been [showed] that any quantitative evaluation can be performed .

This can then be assembled and displayed graphically in order to investigate a design situation or problem .
this can then be assembled and [showed] graphically in order to investigate a design situation or problem .

To check clash , only entities in the interference zone need be selected , thus a minimum amount of data is converted , and displayed on the user 's workstation .
to check clash , only entities in the interference zone need be selected , thus a minimum amount of data is converted , and [showed] on the user 's workstation .

All the cylindrical surfaces are displayed only as two circles joined by a start line .
all the cylindrical surfaces are [showed] only as two circles joined by a start line .

These functions may be displayed to allow the designer to inspect the kinematic performance .
these functions may be [showed] to allow the designer to inspect the kinematic performance .

These can then be displayed with each frame to establish whether clashes occur .
these can then be [showed] with each frame to establish whether clashes occur .

The houses all displayed these picture-glyphs , resembling the whorls and yantras of Tantrism , which , reading from the ground up , told the entire history of the tribe , the clan and the individual household .
the houses all [showed] these picture-glyphs , resembling the whorls and yantras of tantrism , which , reading from the ground up , told the entire history of the tribe , the clan and the individual household .

In the pattern diagram of appendix 1 , the prelims normally used in a report are displayed on the left of the diagram .
in the pattern diagram of appendix 1 , the prelims normally used in a report are [showed] on the left of the diagram .

The knowledge that you possess must be displayed so as to show the examiner that you have the capacity of logical thought and can build further on your present state of development and knowledge .
the knowledge that you possess must be [showed] so as to show the examiner that you have the capacity of logical thought and can build further on your present state of development and knowledge .

Remember to note the names of those asked to be responsible for work to be carried out before the next meeting , and make sure that they are clearly displayed in the minutes .
remember to note the names of those asked to be responsible for work to be carried out before the next meeting , and make sure that they are clearly [showed] in the minutes .

No one displayed any interest in what she really was .
no one [showed] any interest in what she really was .

The carrying value of investment properties should be prominently displayed in the financial statements .
the carrying value of investment properties should be prominently [showed] in the financial statements .

The investment property revaluation reserve should be displayed prominently in the financial statements .
the investment property revaluation reserve should be [showed] prominently in the financial statements .

When subjects are asked to judge which of two simultaneously displayed numbers is numerically the larger , irrelevant variations in the physical size of the digits influence response times when the numbers are printed in figures ( e.g .
when subjects are asked to judge which of two simultaneously [showed] numbers is numerically the larger , irrelevant variations in the physical size of the digits influence response times when the numbers are printed in figures ( e.g .

Their fate should , therefore , be in some sense at least exemplary : opportunity was certainly offered to them , they had choices , at eighteen the world opened for them and displayed its riches , the brave new world of Welfare State and County Scholarships , of equality for women , they were the elite , the chosen , the garlanded of the great social dream .
their fate should , therefore , be in some sense at least exemplary : opportunity was certainly offered to them , they had choices , at eighteen the world opened for them and [showed] its riches , the brave new world of welfare state and county scholarships , of equality for women , they were the elite , the chosen , the garlanded of the great social dream .

Officials attempted to disqualify him because his club colours were incorrectly displayed .
officials attempted to disqualify him because his club colours were incorrectly [showed] .

The opposition displayed by certain Spanish scientists towards the return to Spain of young researchers trained abroad often takes advantage — with the complicity of the administration — of protectionist bureaucratic mechanisms dating from the Franco period .
the opposition [showed] by certain spanish scientists towards the return to spain of young researchers trained abroad often takes advantage — with the complicity of the administration — of protectionist bureaucratic mechanisms dating from the franco period .

Furthermore , they displayed a freshness , vitality and love of experimentation that probably stem from the fact that Zeng is a completely untrained photographer .
furthermore , they [showed] a freshness , vitality and love of experimentation that probably stem from the fact that zeng is a completely untrained photographer .

Distributional factors tend to make more difficult the task of housing management , the second main aspect displayed in figure 5.3 .
distributional factors tend to make more difficult the task of housing management , the second main aspect [showed] in figure 5.3 .

Apart from the pictures from the camera trained on the area of primary interest , others images , were recorded on the same tape and when played displayed on the three other quarters of the video screen contemporaneously , were from cameras situated in other areas of the club and over the entrance door .
apart from the pictures from the camera trained on the area of primary interest , others images , were recorded on the same tape and when played [showed] on the three other quarters of the video screen contemporaneously , were from cameras situated in other areas of the club and over the entrance door .

In this attempt to homogenise the audience , the display stakes a grand claim for the images displayed .
in this attempt to homogenise the audience , the display stakes a grand claim for the images [showed] .

Even her work ‘ Untitled ( Skin ) ’ in which features of her body are displayed in small life-size fragments across a grid , achieves a telling intimacy .
even her work ‘ untitled ( skin ) ’ in which features of her body are [showed] in small life-size fragments across a grid , achieves a telling intimacy .

Steel shutters barricaded most of the shops and those that were open displayed only a few boxes of tired vegetables and strings of plastic toys .
steel shutters barricaded most of the shops and those that were open [showed] only a few boxes of tired vegetables and strings of plastic toys .

Although mistrusting children , he showed an absorbed interest as he took the photographs and gazed at Henrietta ( fourteen ) , Samantha ( just ten ) and the baby Jacqueline ( now three and born after a long period during which Hugh had displayed a lack of interest in physical contact ) .
although mistrusting children , he showed an absorbed interest as he took the photographs and gazed at henrietta ( fourteen ) , samantha ( just ten ) and the baby jacqueline ( now three and born after a long period during which hugh had [showed] a lack of interest in physical contact ) .

This in turn made its impact on the choice of precious substances and not least on the skill and inventiveness with which these were mounted and displayed .
this in turn made its impact on the choice of precious substances and not least on the skill and inventiveness with which these were mounted and [showed] .

In each of the early civilizations the emphasis rested on opaque or translucent stones , in China on jade , but elsewhere on different forms of chalcedony , lapis lazuli and turquoise , the qualities of each of which could be displayed effectively by the simple process of polishing their surfaces smooth .
in each of the early civilizations the emphasis rested on opaque or translucent stones , in china on jade , but elsewhere on different forms of chalcedony , lapis lazuli and turquoise , the qualities of each of which could be [showed] effectively by the simple process of polishing their surfaces smooth .

The full potential of diamonds , as of their coloured counterparts , could be displayed only when Late Medieval lapidaries had learned the art of cutting them .
the full potential of diamonds , as of their coloured counterparts , could be [showed] only when late medieval lapidaries had learned the art of cutting them .

The decorative effect of sectioning onyx is well displayed on a necklace from the Eanna Temple at Uruk dating from the Third Dynasty at Ur .
the decorative effect of sectioning onyx is well [showed] on a necklace from the eanna temple at uruk dating from the third dynasty at ur .

When emeralds began to be cut , lapidaries found that their qualities were likely to be displayed to best advantage by step-cutting , and this method is still widely used for this stone , though brilliant cutting is sometimes applied .
when emeralds began to be cut , lapidaries found that their qualities were likely to be [showed] to best advantage by step-cutting , and this method is still widely used for this stone , though brilliant cutting is sometimes applied .

As soon as the opportunity presented itself , the likelihood was that they would show the same determination to seize the nobility 's land that they had displayed in 1905 .
as soon as the opportunity presented itself , the likelihood was that they would show the same determination to seize the nobility 's land that they had [showed] in 1905 .

It is true that artisans with skilled crafts initially developed craft unions and displayed a distinctive group consciousness , a ‘ craft consciousness ’ .
it is true that artisans with skilled crafts initially developed craft unions and [showed] a distinctive group consciousness , a ‘ craft consciousness ’ .

And more generally , the relatively highly-skilled and urbanized workers in the metalworking industry displayed greater sustained militancy than did those in the textile industry who were less educated and retained closer links with the countryside .
and more generally , the relatively highly-skilled and urbanized workers in the metalworking industry [showed] greater sustained militancy than did those in the textile industry who were less educated and retained closer links with the countryside .

At times workers displayed suspicion of the pretensions and relatively privileged way of life of their educated allies , but for the most part the discord between the two was slight .
at times workers [showed] suspicion of the pretensions and relatively privileged way of life of their educated allies , but for the most part the discord between the two was slight .

All the features of karstic topography found in Slovenia are displayed on a grand scale in the Dinaric system .
all the features of karstic topography found in slovenia are [showed] on a grand scale in the dinaric system .

In the Habsburg lands Slav nationalism assumed different forms from those it displayed in the Ottoman empire , but it eventually had the same disruptive force in challenging the five-hundred-year-old supremacy of the imperial institutions .
in the habsburg lands slav nationalism assumed different forms from those it [showed] in the ottoman empire , but it eventually had the same disruptive force in challenging the five-hundred-year-old supremacy of the imperial institutions .

Although the art of painting was not as well developed as architecture and sculpture , there were , nevertheless , a number of Slav artists from the Adriatic coastlands who displayed considerable talent and whose works are to be found in church frescoes and other paintings on both the Italian and eastern shores .
although the art of painting was not as well developed as architecture and sculpture , there were , nevertheless , a number of slav artists from the adriatic coastlands who [showed] considerable talent and whose works are to be found in church frescoes and other paintings on both the italian and eastern shores .

They were never displayed .
they were never [showed] .

Wall charts and card indexes displayed data on inpatient waiting , new referrals , numbers waiting for an appointment , and waiting times for first non-urgent appointments as well as information on theatre availability and bed state .
wall charts and card indexes [showed] data on inpatient waiting , new referrals , numbers waiting for an appointment , and waiting times for first non-urgent appointments as well as information on theatre availability and bed state .

The first issue , published in 1970 , appeared as an annotated catalogue to the then National Book League 's touring exhibition and as a guide to book buyers away from centres where books were displayed .
the first issue , published in 1970 , appeared as an annotated catalogue to the then national book league 's touring exhibition and as a guide to book buyers away from centres where books were [showed] .

It is evident from the sequence alignments displayed in Fig .
it is evident from the sequence alignments [showed] in fig .

You get eight rows of pictures in turn , displayed down the right-hand side of the screen .
you get eight rows of pictures in turn , [showed] down the right-hand side of the screen .

Fifteen-year-old Adrian Clarke 's painting ‘ The Red Cricketer ’ — featuring the head of a cricketer with a ball whistling past his ear — is currently being displayed on the London Underground as part of the ‘ Art on the Underground ’ series .
fifteen-year-old adrian clarke 's painting ‘ the red cricketer ’ — featuring the head of a cricketer with a ball whistling past his ear — is currently being [showed] on the london underground as part of the ‘ art on the underground ’ series .

In contrast , their English contemporaries displayed a lack of invention near negligent in proportion .
in contrast , their english contemporaries [showed] a lack of invention near negligent in proportion .

On route you will have found plenty of cosy little cafes for a mid-morning coffee , cheerful pubs , and in the Bahnhofstrasse , confectionery shops whose wares are displayed with such imagination that it seems a sin to pass them by .
on route you will have found plenty of cosy little cafes for a mid-morning coffee , cheerful pubs , and in the bahnhofstrasse , confectionery shops whose wares are [showed] with such imagination that it seems a sin to pass them by .

Finally , leaflets and other information about social services would be displayed in the health centre waiting room .
finally , leaflets and other information about social services would be [showed] in the health centre waiting room .

The self-control and lucidity which Nizan displayed as an adult when retrospectively assessing his father , particularly in Antoine Bloye should not mask the fact that this was a moment of structural crisis in Nizan 's development , a moment which coloured his entire existence and shaped his underlying psyche irreversibly .
the self-control and lucidity which nizan [showed] as an adult when retrospectively assessing his father , particularly in antoine bloye should not mask the fact that this was a moment of structural crisis in nizan 's development , a moment which coloured his entire existence and shaped his underlying psyche irreversibly .

The cultural divisions displayed in Table 6.1 are presented by Nizan in class terms .
the cultural divisions [showed] in table 6.1 are presented by nizan in class terms .

If the person flies immediately above the centre of the city , the whole city is clearly displayed and comprehensible .
if the person flies immediately above the centre of the city , the whole city is clearly [showed] and comprehensible .

On the rare occasions when a site due to be destroyed is found to be very important , construction plans may be changed to accommodate the display of the site , or the remains might be moved to somewhere where they can preserved , displayed , and enjoyed by the public .
on the rare occasions when a site due to be destroyed is found to be very important , construction plans may be changed to accommodate the display of the site , or the remains might be moved to somewhere where they can preserved , [showed] , and enjoyed by the public .

Such drawings can be displayed alongside the surviving remains of the object .
such drawings can be [showed] alongside the surviving remains of the object .

It was n't only the pupils who displayed these attitudes , they were evident to a lesser extent among the teachers as well .
it was n't only the pupils who [showed] these attitudes , they were evident to a lesser extent among the teachers as well .

Backing against a wall she screams a scream that will soon have most of Britain in suspense , and the output cuts to a camera facing the roller caption machine on which the end credits are being displayed .
backing against a wall she screams a scream that will soon have most of britain in suspense , and the output cuts to a camera facing the roller caption machine on which the end credits are being [showed] .

Two acrobatic ravens displayed over our heads .
two acrobatic ravens [showed] over our heads .

At one nest site a pair displayed excitedly , preparing for a duty change .
at one nest site a pair [showed] excitedly , preparing for a duty change .

The winding river , the curve of the bridges , the elegant uniform façades , the glistening and various roofs , the limpid skies , the bright markets with their wares tantalizingly displayed , all spoke to her .
the winding river , the curve of the bridges , the elegant uniform façades , the glistening and various roofs , the limpid skies , the bright markets with their wares tantalizingly [showed] , all spoke to her .

She stood on the stage four mornings in a row , note-pad prominently displayed against her overall , waiting for his summons , and when it did n't come she watched the smoke from his cigarette curling above the upturned seats and felt she herself was drifting into darkness .
she stood on the stage four mornings in a row , note-pad prominently [showed] against her overall , waiting for his summons , and when it did n't come she watched the smoke from his cigarette curling above the upturned seats and felt she herself was drifting into darkness .

At the same time the digital read-outs displayed the number of pulses given out : 1 , 2 , 3 , … Gedanken noted that they kept pace with each other , both showing the same number .
at the same time the digital read-outs [showed] the number of pulses given out : 1 , 2 , 3 , … gedanken noted that they kept pace with each other , both showing the same number .

You also displayed disbelief when Australia considered banning tobacco advertising in sports events .
you also [showed] disbelief when australia considered banning tobacco advertising in sports events .

They displayed 14 models under the glare of quartz-halogen floodlights .
they [showed] 14 models under the glare of quartz-halogen floodlights .

Slightly smaller than Jeanneau 's new protégé , and displayed with considerably less ostentation only a few metres away , was the neat little Sprint designed by Joubert/Nivelt and built by Archambault .
slightly smaller than jeanneau 's new protégé , and [showed] with considerably less ostentation only a few metres away , was the neat little sprint designed by joubert/nivelt and built by archambault .

Five of the boats were then in build and number two was virtually complete , on time to take centre stage at the London Boat Show , where she was displayed outside Earls Court .
five of the boats were then in build and number two was virtually complete , on time to take centre stage at the london boat show , where she was [showed] outside earls court .

The symptoms displayed by Mr Bailes ' cow were typical of displacement of the abomasum ( when the fourth stomach slips round from the right to the left side ) and it was a condition that was just not recognized in those early days .
the symptoms [showed] by mr bailes ' cow were typical of displacement of the abomasum ( when the fourth stomach slips round from the right to the left side ) and it was a condition that was just not recognized in those early days .

During that trip , Jehan Sadat had been impressed by the progress made by Iran under the Shah , but she said later that she was also appalled at the extravagant opulence that the rich displayed .
during that trip , jehan sadat had been impressed by the progress made by iran under the shah , but she said later that she was also appalled at the extravagant opulence that the rich [showed] .

He is respected and kept at arms- length by those academics having a vested interest in the heritage circus , many of whom have displayed a less-than-equal intellect and an ability to shoot themselves and their often spurious causes in the foot !
he is respected and kept at arms- length by those academics having a vested interest in the heritage circus , many of whom have [showed] a less-than-equal intellect and an ability to shoot themselves and their often spurious causes in the foot !

Any hobbyist or treasure hunter should think carefully before donating a find to this institution ; that is if the treasure hunter wishes the treasure to be displayed ’ .
any hobbyist or treasure hunter should think carefully before donating a find to this institution ; that is if the treasure hunter wishes the treasure to be [showed] ’ .

Unlike the kings of Israel who had aspired to the title of ‘ Son of Yahweh , Jesus displayed utter trust in his heavenly Father though the outlook was black as night ; utter obedience to his Father , even though it would take him to a cross ; and utter readiness to suffer — in bloody sweat there and then , and the blood , sweat and hell of crucifixion thereafter .
unlike the kings of israel who had aspired to the title of ‘ son of yahweh , jesus [showed] utter trust in his heavenly father though the outlook was black as night ; utter obedience to his father , even though it would take him to a cross ; and utter readiness to suffer — in bloody sweat there and then , and the blood , sweat and hell of crucifixion thereafter .

We all marched through the streets of Parma cheering and singing and carrying banners which displayed Mussolini 's slogans and the names of the places conquered .
we all marched through the streets of parma cheering and singing and carrying banners which [showed] mussolini 's slogans and the names of the places conquered .

On the way to Eric 's first hiding place there had been an uncomfortable few minutes when the doctor 's car , in spite of its prominently displayed red cross , had been stopped by a carabinieri patrol .
on the way to eric 's first hiding place there had been an uncomfortable few minutes when the doctor 's car , in spite of its prominently [showed] red cross , had been stopped by a carabinieri patrol .

What is disconcerting is that Peters , well-known for his fondness for overstatement but highly valued as the co-author of In Search Of Excellence , is describing a future where the characteristics and skills displayed by men are not only worthless but may even be harmful .
what is disconcerting is that peters , well-known for his fondness for overstatement but highly valued as the co-author of in search of excellence , is describing a future where the characteristics and skills [showed] by men are not only worthless but may even be harmful .

The Fraxillian ship , displayed on the perceptor screens was breathtaking .
the fraxillian ship , [showed] on the perceptor screens was breathtaking .

1 The public as a whole had fallen victim to the revolution of rising expectations and they displayed a lack of `` realism `` as to the constraints that bore on the capacity of governments to provide ever more .
1 the public as a whole had fallen victim to the revolution of rising expectations and they [showed] a lack of `` realism `` as to the constraints that bore on the capacity of governments to provide ever more .

In the past , the Left in British politics has not displayed a keen interest in the subtleties of the British constitution because two strategic models for socialist transformation , the parliamentary and the insurrectionary , have dominated thinking , debate , and action .
in the past , the left in british politics has not [showed] a keen interest in the subtleties of the british constitution because two strategic models for socialist transformation , the parliamentary and the insurrectionary , have dominated thinking , debate , and action .

Together they 've got the attitude that comes with being a young band who 've just spent the last month in the studio recording an album , tentatively called ‘ Revelation/s ’ , which will more than fulfil the potential they displayed earlier this year when — along with the likes of near neighbours Ride ( both originally come from Oxford ) and Teenage Fanclub — they were seen as the frontrunners of the rising young guitar bands .
together they 've got the attitude that comes with being a young band who 've just spent the last month in the studio recording an album , tentatively called ‘ revelation/s ’ , which will more than fulfil the potential they [showed] earlier this year when — along with the likes of near neighbours ride ( both originally come from oxford ) and teenage fanclub — they were seen as the frontrunners of the rising young guitar bands .

That cocky self belief and confident granite core — as displayed by Tim and Martin , respectively — keeps The Charlatans bang on course .
that cocky self belief and confident granite core — as [showed] by tim and martin , respectively — keeps the charlatans bang on course .

On the ground and first floors , products were displayed in a more domesticated , less austere atmosphere than in London with a deliberate attempt to make customers feel that they were shopping in a private house from an earlier century .
on the ground and first floors , products were [showed] in a more domesticated , less austere atmosphere than in london with a deliberate attempt to make customers feel that they were shopping in a private house from an earlier century .

It was only when The Sun newspaper displayed it on a girl in a highly provocative pose that she realized how easily the purity of the image could be sullied .
it was only when the sun newspaper [showed] it on a girl in a highly provocative pose that she realized how easily the purity of the image could be sullied .

But for the average home-owner to find good taste cheaply , displayed informally , and feel certain that he or she was not making a mistake because it was already arranged and coordinated , was quite new to Parisians .
but for the average home-owner to find good taste cheaply , [showed] informally , and feel certain that he or she was not making a mistake because it was already arranged and coordinated , was quite new to parisians .

And Mother might have displayed a surprisingly anxious side to her nature , but Roman did n't have to humour her mother 's unnecessary fussing !
and mother might have [showed] a surprisingly anxious side to her nature , but roman did n't have to humour her mother 's unnecessary fussing !

( In some of the harsh villages of the hinterland , the sheets of the bridal night were still unfurled on the morning after ; the spots on them displayed heraldically from the balcony of the house . )
( in some of the harsh villages of the hinterland , the sheets of the bridal night were still unfurled on the morning after ; the spots on them [showed] heraldically from the balcony of the house . )

The coins were displayed in locked glass cases .
the coins were [showed] in locked glass cases .

In the Trocadero large quantities of objects were displayed in a crowded , haphazard fashion , and , while Picasso was undoubtedly overwhelmed by what he saw and experienced , the impression he carried away with him must have been of a very general , metaphysical kind .
in the trocadero large quantities of objects were [showed] in a crowded , haphazard fashion , and , while picasso was undoubtedly overwhelmed by what he saw and experienced , the impression he carried away with him must have been of a very general , metaphysical kind .

Officials never have or can have the full range of choices displayed before them .
officials never have or can have the full range of choices [showed] before them .

Anne had to leave for work for two o'clock but she proudly displayed her ring to her friends and they all sincerely wished her happiness .
anne had to leave for work for two o'clock but she proudly [showed] her ring to her friends and they all sincerely wished her happiness .

Floor to ceiling simularity windows displayed the incredible landscape beyond the base , giving Ace the impression that the Operations Room was actually outdoors .
floor to ceiling simularity windows [showed] the incredible landscape beyond the base , giving ace the impression that the operations room was actually outdoors .

And the undulants displayed a conspicuous electric field whenever they moved ; she 'd felt it as static whenever they touched-her .
and the undulants [showed] a conspicuous electric field whenever they moved ; she 'd felt it as static whenever they touched-her .

Above her elbow , the flesh displayed a normal skin tone .
above her elbow , the flesh [showed] a normal skin tone .

The Authority displayed a clear commitment to meeting the needs of children from ethnic minority groups , to combating racism , and to extending multicultural understanding .
the authority [showed] a clear commitment to meeting the needs of children from ethnic minority groups , to combating racism , and to extending multicultural understanding .

He and his heroic companions displayed , in one day , more courage than most were called upon to exhibit in the whole of their lives .
he and his heroic companions [showed] , in one day , more courage than most were called upon to exhibit in the whole of their lives .

‘ You lived with him ? ’ said Johnny , in a tone which displayed equal measures of disbelief and fury . ‘ Lived with him ? As though you were married ? So you 're not a … ’
‘ you lived with him ? ’ said johnny , in a tone which [showed] equal measures of disbelief and fury . ‘ lived with him ? as though you were married ? so you 're not a … ’

He was already taller than most Yek , and his stature displayed the kind of lankiness which promised both strength and agility .
he was already taller than most yek , and his stature [showed] the kind of lankiness which promised both strength and agility .

The kind of wealth which would be displayed in the garments of the Khans and Noyons during the day 's ceremonies was usually a product of oppression of the poor , but on Tarvaras there was no one whom Alexei would have cared to class as under-privileged .
the kind of wealth which would be [showed] in the garments of the khans and noyons during the day 's ceremonies was usually a product of oppression of the poor , but on tarvaras there was no one whom alexei would have cared to class as under-privileged .

Since the 1980s , football hooligans have displayed a callous cunning and organisation .
since the 1980s , football hooligans have [showed] a callous cunning and organisation .

Whereas the Rotunda displayed a mere twenty-four feet by eighteen of stationary pigment , here they were offered some 10,000 square feet of mobile canvas .
whereas the rotunda [showed] a mere twenty-four feet by eighteen of stationary pigment , here they were offered some 10,000 square feet of mobile canvas .

This she displayed at her belt , though she had neither the intention nor the resource to use it .
this she [showed] at her belt , though she had neither the intention nor the resource to use it .

In many of the towns the houses displayed the cerulean hue , both inside and out .
in many of the towns the houses [showed] the cerulean hue , both inside and out .

The radical ‘ para ’ found in both ‘ paradox ’ and ‘ parody ’ provides a spatial model for a variety of techniques displayed in the novels .
the radical ‘ para ’ found in both ‘ paradox ’ and ‘ parody ’ provides a spatial model for a variety of techniques [showed] in the novels .

As early as The Sycamore Tree Brooke-Rose displayed frustration with the limitations of the traditional character , but in Textermination she succeeds in manipulating these limitations in such a way as to move beyond them without completely abandoning the trappings of realism .
as early as the sycamore tree brooke-rose [showed] frustration with the limitations of the traditional character , but in textermination she succeeds in manipulating these limitations in such a way as to move beyond them without completely abandoning the trappings of realism .

There was a hard edge of arrogance to Jane Pargeter — the same self-confidence she displayed on the screen .
there was a hard edge of arrogance to jane pargeter — the same self-confidence she [showed] on the screen .

By larding on the make-up , Jane Pargeter seemed to have regained the charm and sharpness she displayed on television but lacked on the afternoon following the murder .
by larding on the make-up , jane pargeter seemed to have regained the charm and sharpness she [showed] on television but lacked on the afternoon following the murder .

Add these facts to the evidence displayed in the charts section ( pages 65 to 73 ) at the back of the magazine ) of the variety of interest rates charged by the lenders and it is no wonder that a £100,000 borrower can save the price of a new car simply by doing a little homework .
add these facts to the evidence [showed] in the charts section ( pages 65 to 73 ) at the back of the magazine ) of the variety of interest rates charged by the lenders and it is no wonder that a £100,000 borrower can save the price of a new car simply by doing a little homework .

Accurate control over displayed colour is guaranteed by use of a state-of-the-art Barco ‘ calibrator ’ monitor .
accurate control over [showed] colour is guaranteed by use of a state-of-the-art barco ‘ calibrator ’ monitor .

The 10 second prizes are five-piece Le Creuset saucepan sets , attractively displayed on a handy wooden storage rack .
the 10 second prizes are five-piece le creuset saucepan sets , attractively [showed] on a handy wooden storage rack .

To complement these , we chose Kenneth Turner 's scented candles simply and attractively displayed in rustic pots and moss , from £15.50
to complement these , we chose kenneth turner 's scented candles simply and attractively [showed] in rustic pots and moss , from £15.50

Right : Pauline loves collecting antiques and her finds are lovingly displayed throughout the house
right : pauline loves collecting antiques and her finds are lovingly [showed] throughout the house

When not in use it is displayed in a glass-fronted cabinet , giving us the best of both worlds .
when not in use it is [showed] in a glass-fronted cabinet , giving us the best of both worlds .

But when the students ' work is displayed on the last day , it makes no difference as you ca n't tell which camera produced which result .
but when the students ' work is [showed] on the last day , it makes no difference as you ca n't tell which camera produced which result .

It is based on a selected group of Arab states — although the non-Arab states in the region are potentially the most powerful and have always displayed a powerful awareness of their regional role .
it is based on a selected group of arab states — although the non-arab states in the region are potentially the most powerful and have always [showed] a powerful awareness of their regional role .

The report argues that the bank managers displayed a bias in approach by focusing attention on financial information like businessmen 's ability to provide security for a loan when assessing risk .
the report argues that the bank managers [showed] a bias in approach by focusing attention on financial information like businessmen 's ability to provide security for a loan when assessing risk .

The Perfumer will then test one or more of the eight basic perfume modules , the basic building blocks of perfume which Guy Robert has created in Paris and which are displayed in rich glass jars .
the perfumer will then test one or more of the eight basic perfume modules , the basic building blocks of perfume which guy robert has created in paris and which are [showed] in rich glass jars .

Barden Fell is an access area , closed on Saturdays in the grouse-shooting season ; notices will be displayed .
barden fell is an access area , closed on saturdays in the grouse-shooting season ; notices will be [showed] .

But he could find no fault with Herluin 's reaction , which displayed natural dismay and concern , but not to excess .
but he could find no fault with herluin 's reaction , which [showed] natural dismay and concern , but not to excess .

It was not comfortable to consider her parents ' intimate life ; she could recall no demonstrations of affection or indeed even of much displayed interest in one another .
it was not comfortable to consider her parents ' intimate life ; she could recall no demonstrations of affection or indeed even of much [showed] interest in one another .

In other years she had displayed appropriate sympathy about sports day .
in other years she had [showed] appropriate sympathy about sports day .

In addition to the literary exhibition the class performance lists were displayed , at Mrs Fitton 's insistence .
in addition to the literary exhibition the class performance lists were [showed] , at mrs fitton 's insistence .

Nevertheless , much repeal work still displayed the ambiguities which had always marked middle-class women 's participation in the domain of social reform .
nevertheless , much repeal work still [showed] the ambiguities which had always marked middle-class women 's participation in the domain of social reform .

Elizabeth Blackwell 's career both as a purist and a medic displayed the new approach to ‘ Christian physiology ’ .
elizabeth blackwell 's career both as a purist and a medic [showed] the new approach to ‘ christian physiology ’ .

At other moments Hopkins , along with many purity feminists , displayed a real awareness of the class contradictions embedded in the new movement .
at other moments hopkins , along with many purity feminists , [showed] a real awareness of the class contradictions embedded in the new movement .

Like Dean Inge , the careers and culture of leading medical intellectuals displayed distinctive connections between science and morality .
like dean inge , the careers and culture of leading medical intellectuals [showed] distinctive connections between science and morality .

Newman and Newsholme displayed a high degree of self-consciousness about the place of sex within social relations , which was absent from the work of Kay and Chadwick .
newman and newsholme [showed] a high degree of self-consciousness about the place of sex within social relations , which was absent from the work of kay and chadwick .

This alliance of some purists and moderate feminists with the medical profession needs to be contrasted with the ongoing hostility displayed by many .
this alliance of some purists and moderate feminists with the medical profession needs to be contrasted with the ongoing hostility [showed] by many .

The test model displayed extreme hyperactivity , and as curare was not immediately available ( and would , in any case , have tended to invalidate subsequent observations ) the more traditional method of a minute 's hanging was employed to subdue the animal .
the test model [showed] extreme hyperactivity , and as curare was not immediately available ( and would , in any case , have tended to invalidate subsequent observations ) the more traditional method of a minute 's hanging was employed to subdue the animal .

Since ferns grew best in the Wardian case , there was a fern craze in which every middle-class house displayed a collection of greenery .
since ferns grew best in the wardian case , there was a fern craze in which every middle-class house [showed] a collection of greenery .

Where MacLeay saw this unity as a circular system of relationships , Owen began to argue that the unity of type within each group displayed the rational activity of the Creator .
where macleay saw this unity as a circular system of relationships , owen began to argue that the unity of type within each group [showed] the rational activity of the creator .

But samples of the new species discovered in colonized territories were routinely brought back to be described , classified and perhaps displayed in the great European museums and zoological gardens .
but samples of the new species discovered in colonized territories were routinely brought back to be described , classified and perhaps [showed] in the great european museums and zoological gardens .

Considerable excitement was generated when spectacular new species were brought home from newly explored parts of the world , as when Paul du Chaillu displayed stuffed gorillas shot during his explorations of central Africa ( 1855–9 ) .
considerable excitement was generated when spectacular new species were brought home from newly explored parts of the world , as when paul du chaillu [showed] stuffed gorillas shot during his explorations of central africa ( 1855–9 ) .

When displayed in the great cities of the east , and in the capitals of Europe , the larger dinosaurs seemed to confirm the superiority of modern industrial society by showing how the world had been conquered both in space and time .
when [showed] in the great cities of the east , and in the capitals of europe , the larger dinosaurs seemed to confirm the superiority of modern industrial society by showing how the world had been conquered both in space and time .

Aliki had returned from Cyprus in time to cater for the event , but nobody displayed much appetite for the food she had prepared and most departed as soon as decency permitted .
aliki had returned from cyprus in time to cater for the event , but nobody [showed] much appetite for the food she had prepared and most departed as soon as decency permitted .

Fragonard 's series of paintings , The Progress of Love , was displayed on the walls .
fragonard 's series of paintings , the progress of love , was [showed] on the walls .

‘ Why is n't the painting displayed ? ’ Donna wanted to know .
‘ why is n't the painting [showed] ? ’ donna wanted to know .

Secondly there must be an efficient method of getting the information displayed on the screen onto the paper and the PostScript page description language met that requirement to a tee .
secondly there must be an efficient method of getting the information [showed] on the screen onto the paper and the postscript page description language met that requirement to a tee .

The right-hand edge of the template is marked with two columns of options and the currently selected ones are displayed in a status window at the bottom of the screen .
the right-hand edge of the template is marked with two columns of options and the currently selected ones are [showed] in a status window at the bottom of the screen .

To put it into some form of perspective it is perhaps worth reviewing the whole issue of how fonts get displayed on a computer screen and why the method chosen to display them has become so important .
to put it into some form of perspective it is perhaps worth reviewing the whole issue of how fonts get [showed] on a computer screen and why the method chosen to display them has become so important .

rulers displayed on the screen that show measures in inches , picas or millimeters .
rulers [showed] on the screen that show measures in inches , picas or millimeters .

a specially coded hyphen which is only displayed when formatting of the hyphenated word puts it at the end of a line .
a specially coded hyphen which is only [showed] when formatting of the hyphenated word puts it at the end of a line .

This shows the three basic primary colours ; cyan , magenta and yellow , together with their mixed combinations and can be compared with the colours displayed on the monitor .
this shows the three basic primary colours ; cyan , magenta and yellow , together with their mixed combinations and can be compared with the colours [showed] on the monitor .

There were no moving parts at all , the joystick was simply tipped from the vertical in the direction the user wished to go and , seemingly by magic , the spaceship or whatever was being displayed moved .
there were no moving parts at all , the joystick was simply tipped from the vertical in the direction the user wished to go and , seemingly by magic , the spaceship or whatever was being [showed] moved .

The text to be typeset was displayed as a pattern of dots on a high resolution screen and transferred optically to the photographic paper , digital typesetting was born .
the text to be typeset was [showed] as a pattern of dots on a high resolution screen and transferred optically to the photographic paper , digital typesetting was born .

as if the problems of font matching within a single typesetter vendor 's equipment were n't potentially bad enough we now face the problem of a whole host of methods for getting the fonts displayed on the screen of the desktop publishing system .
as if the problems of font matching within a single typesetter vendor 's equipment were n't potentially bad enough we now face the problem of a whole host of methods for getting the fonts [showed] on the screen of the desktop publishing system .

By building Hypertext capabilities into the documents it is possible to select areas of a drawing , for example , and have the relevant text displayed or vice versa .
by building hypertext capabilities into the documents it is possible to select areas of a drawing , for example , and have the relevant text [showed] or vice versa .

The horseman took a great pride in his horses , as we have seen ; and when he turned out on the highway he was careful to see they were braided up , the brasses highly polished , and the bounces — the ‘ lovely coloured worsted ’ , as one horseman called them — properly displayed .
the horseman took a great pride in his horses , as we have seen ; and when he turned out on the highway he was careful to see they were braided up , the brasses highly polished , and the bounces — the ‘ lovely coloured worsted ’ , as one horseman called them — properly [showed] .

It is likely , however , that the coming together of the cold and the blackthorn blossom is one of accident ; and it is probable that the belief is another vestige of the primitive form of reasoning displayed in homoeopathic or imitative magic .
it is likely , however , that the coming together of the cold and the blackthorn blossom is one of accident ; and it is probable that the belief is another vestige of the primitive form of reasoning [showed] in homoeopathic or imitative magic .

My uncle worships alone these days , and has done ever since his son left home to become a devout Capitalist ( neither his wife nor his daughter had ever bothered with my Uncle 's unique brand of condemnationist Christianity ; as a rule , the McHoan women , whether so by blood or marriage , have displayed a marked reluctance to take their men-folk 's passions seriously , at least outside the bedroom ) .
my uncle worships alone these days , and has done ever since his son left home to become a devout capitalist ( neither his wife nor his daughter had ever bothered with my uncle 's unique brand of condemnationist christianity ; as a rule , the mchoan women , whether so by blood or marriage , have [showed] a marked reluctance to take their men-folk 's passions seriously , at least outside the bedroom ) .

Wherever possible , jobs could be created at localities of most need , but a greater worker mobility than has been displayed in the past should be expected , and where it is not obtained , financial restrictions should be exerted to encourage fit , able but reluctant people to move from the old , worked-out pockets of industry to new opportunities elsewhere .
wherever possible , jobs could be created at localities of most need , but a greater worker mobility than has been [showed] in the past should be expected , and where it is not obtained , financial restrictions should be exerted to encourage fit , able but reluctant people to move from the old , worked-out pockets of industry to new opportunities elsewhere .

Subsequently he built a house in the country for a wealthy barrister ( Hurtwood in Sussex ) and another in the Usk Valley ( Colomendy ) , where he also displayed a talent for garden design ( 1912–14 ) .
subsequently he built a house in the country for a wealthy barrister ( hurtwood in sussex ) and another in the usk valley ( colomendy ) , where he also [showed] a talent for garden design ( 1912–14 ) .

She withdrew more and more completely , and displayed total disregard for her own well-being .
she withdrew more and more completely , and [showed] total disregard for her own well-being .

, and he early displayed the keen interest in education and the formation of scientific societies that he pursued throughout his life .
, and he early [showed] the keen interest in education and the formation of scientific societies that he pursued throughout his life .

In his interventions he displayed a familiarity with the Scriptures and a grasp of parliamentary procedure .
in his interventions he [showed] a familiarity with the scriptures and a grasp of parliamentary procedure .

Arnulf 's last years displayed a steady decline of influence .
arnulf 's last years [showed] a steady decline of influence .

His stern upbringing may explain an insensitivity to the feelings of others less resilient than himself which he sometimes displayed on the bench , particularly in criminal appeals .
his stern upbringing may explain an insensitivity to the feelings of others less resilient than himself which he sometimes [showed] on the bench , particularly in criminal appeals .

The next year he displayed photographs of Ireland at the Society of Antiquaries .
the next year he [showed] photographs of ireland at the society of antiquaries .

Among his best-known commissions was the photography ( done weekly from 1851 to 1854 ) of the reconstruction of the Crystal Palace at Sydenham , where Delamotte displayed his skills of composition and perspective , applying the objectivity of the camera to produce masterly photographs that were artistically sound .
among his best-known commissions was the photography ( done weekly from 1851 to 1854 ) of the reconstruction of the crystal palace at sydenham , where delamotte [showed] his skills of composition and perspective , applying the objectivity of the camera to produce masterly photographs that were artistically sound .

Powell 's career displayed native tenacity .
powell 's career [showed] native tenacity .

Hill 's first major commission was the reconstruction of the house and garden at Moor Close , Binfield , Berkshire , in which his love of rich colour and baroque forms was displayed .
hill 's first major commission was the reconstruction of the house and garden at moor close , binfield , berkshire , in which his love of rich colour and baroque forms was [showed] .

When the War Office displayed no interest , Bailey persevered with detailed design in his own time .
when the war office [showed] no interest , bailey persevered with detailed design in his own time .

But it was his second , Progress and Religion ( 1929 ) , that first displayed to the full the depth of his thought and the astonishing range of his learning .
but it was his second , progress and religion ( 1929 ) , that first [showed] to the full the depth of his thought and the astonishing range of his learning .

His foreign policy displayed a mixture of caution and commitment to the details of the Organization of African Unity .
his foreign policy [showed] a mixture of caution and commitment to the details of the organization of african unity .

It was a role to which he seemed well suited , for he displayed little originality of mind and almost no strong convictions — except in defence of the Church of England .
it was a role to which he seemed well suited , for he [showed] little originality of mind and almost no strong convictions — except in defence of the church of england .

His ‘ tortoises ’ , displayed at the Festival of Britain in 1951 , were designed to show the interaction of two sensory systems — light- and touch-sensitive control mechanisms ( in effect two nerve cells with visual and tactile inputs ) .
his ‘ tortoises ’ , [showed] at the festival of britain in 1951 , were designed to show the interaction of two sensory systems — light- and touch-sensitive control mechanisms ( in effect two nerve cells with visual and tactile inputs ) .

This displayed his intense fascination with sexual questions and his interest in forming an autonomous group to be modelled along the lines of the American Oneida community .
this [showed] his intense fascination with sexual questions and his interest in forming an autonomous group to be modelled along the lines of the american oneida community .

In his new post Stewart displayed enthusiasm and flair .
in his new post stewart [showed] enthusiasm and flair .

At the time of his father 's death in April 1788 Sutton and his brothers were still ‘ very eminent in the practice ’ and in 1796 he published The Inoculator , in which he explained his method and displayed his contempt for the medical establishment .
at the time of his father 's death in april 1788 sutton and his brothers were still ‘ very eminent in the practice ’ and in 1796 he published the inoculator , in which he explained his method and [showed] his contempt for the medical establishment .

In whatever he did he displayed a strong didactic tendency and was always guided by his self-proclaimed precept that every ‘ social organism must possess a definite physical structure ’ .
in whatever he did he [showed] a strong didactic tendency and was always guided by his self-proclaimed precept that every ‘ social organism must possess a definite physical structure ’ .

Constable displayed an exceptional breadth of curiosity and his career was marked by an evident spirit of adventure and an impressive range of achievements .
constable [showed] an exceptional breadth of curiosity and his career was marked by an evident spirit of adventure and an impressive range of achievements .

He led a rather monastic , reclusive lifestyle and displayed a complete disregard for personal gain .
he led a rather monastic , reclusive lifestyle and [showed] a complete disregard for personal gain .

The novel displayed Rolfe 's fondness for neologism , verbal sumptuousness , and quirky spelling in its best light .
the novel [showed] rolfe 's fondness for neologism , verbal sumptuousness , and quirky spelling in its best light .

It is highly unlikely that he himself travelled to Muscovy and Guinea , as a later epitaph alleged ( though he had an elephant 's head displayed as a curiosity in his house ) , but he was certainly one of the richest and most prominent of overseas merchants in early Tudor London .
it is highly unlikely that he himself travelled to muscovy and guinea , as a later epitaph alleged ( though he had an elephant 's head [showed] as a curiosity in his house ) , but he was certainly one of the richest and most prominent of overseas merchants in early tudor london .

He displayed considerable skill in matching supply to the much-reduced demand by working the plant at below capacity .
he [showed] considerable skill in matching supply to the much-reduced demand by working the plant at below capacity .

He returned to London early in 1930 , but only displayed his Spanish paintings in a 1932 one-man show at the Bloomsbury Gallery .
he returned to london early in 1930 , but only [showed] his spanish paintings in a 1932 one-man show at the bloomsbury gallery .

Despite this , her life displayed an indomitable resilience in the face of misfortune , and a determined instinct to survive .
despite this , her life [showed] an indomitable resilience in the face of misfortune , and a determined instinct to survive .

He displayed it in journalism , arguing that the future of architecture lay with engineers .
he [showed] it in journalism , arguing that the future of architecture lay with engineers .

On the whole it is not the present fashion for public companies to complicate their capital structures by having a large number of share classes — though much ingenuity is displayed in devising the most attractive methods of marketing issues and in creating types of company securities , other than shares but with rights to convert into shares .
on the whole it is not the present fashion for public companies to complicate their capital structures by having a large number of share classes — though much ingenuity is [showed] in devising the most attractive methods of marketing issues and in creating types of company securities , other than shares but with rights to convert into shares .

Even granted that the singular can include the plural , so that ‘ another ’ can include ‘ others , ’ a standing display is not necessarily displayed towards others .
even granted that the singular can include the plural , so that ‘ another ’ can include ‘ others , ’ a standing display is not necessarily [showed] towards others .

‘ ( 2 ) An offence under this section may be committed in a public or a private place , except that no offence is committed where the words or behaviour are used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation is distributed or displayed , by a person inside a dwelling and the other person is also inside that or another dwelling . ’ What constitutes a dwelling for the purposes of the section is further spelled out in section 8 , which provides :
‘ ( 2 ) an offence under this section may be committed in a public or a private place , except that no offence is committed where the words or behaviour are used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation is distributed or [showed] , by a person inside a dwelling and the other person is also inside that or another dwelling . ’ what constitutes a dwelling for the purposes of the section is further spelled out in section 8 , which provides :

‘ It is a defence for the accused to prove — ( a ) that he had no reason to believe that there was any person within hearing or sight who was likely to be caused harassment , alarm or distress , or ( b ) that he was inside a dwelling and had no reason to believe that the words or behaviour used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation displayed , would be heard or seen by a person outside that or any other dwelling , or ( c ) that his conduct was reasonable .
‘ it is a defence for the accused to prove — ( a ) that he had no reason to believe that there was any person within hearing or sight who was likely to be caused harassment , alarm or distress , or ( b ) that he was inside a dwelling and had no reason to believe that the words or behaviour used , or the writing , sign or other visible representation [showed] , would be heard or seen by a person outside that or any other dwelling , or ( c ) that his conduct was reasonable .

‘ ( 4 ) In proceedings for an offence under this section it is a defence for the accused to prove that he was inside a dwelling and had no reason to believe that the words or behaviour used , or the written material displayed , would be heard or seen by a person outside that or any other dwelling .
‘ ( 4 ) in proceedings for an offence under this section it is a defence for the accused to prove that he was inside a dwelling and had no reason to believe that the words or behaviour used , or the written material [showed] , would be heard or seen by a person outside that or any other dwelling .

In the case of displayed material , for example , it would be open to a shopkeeper prosecuted for displaying a magazine entitled ‘ The British Heritage ’ to show that he believed that it was concerned with the stately homes of England rather than the racist propaganda that it actually does contain .
in the case of [showed] material , for example , it would be open to a shopkeeper prosecuted for displaying a magazine entitled ‘ the british heritage ’ to show that he believed that it was concerned with the stately homes of england rather than the racist propaganda that it actually does contain .

It is not the case that high degrees of party unity are displayed in the House of Commons because the whips ( those members of the government responsible for the passage of government legislation through both houses ) mercilessly compel members to betray their consciences and constituencies in the cause of party dogma .
it is not the case that high degrees of party unity are [showed] in the house of commons because the whips ( those members of the government responsible for the passage of government legislation through both houses ) mercilessly compel members to betray their consciences and constituencies in the cause of party dogma .

She unfolded the tissue , displayed its contents and explained how she had come to find them .
she unfolded the tissue , [showed] its contents and explained how she had come to find them .

Soviet writers claimed that the Non-Aligned ‘ displayed significant interest ’ at Delhi in the Soviet scheme for the Gulf .
soviet writers claimed that the non-aligned ‘ [showed] significant interest ’ at delhi in the soviet scheme for the gulf .

Posters were displayed at stations large and small across the continent bearing the following message :
posters were [showed] at stations large and small across the continent bearing the following message :

It was at stations that the carcasses , horns , and tusks of successful hunts were often displayed .
it was at stations that the carcasses , horns , and tusks of successful hunts were often [showed] .

The particular rules in question related to advertising and touting and became the focus for the antagonism which some established members of the profession displayed towards the new centres .
the particular rules in question related to advertising and touting and became the focus for the antagonism which some established members of the profession [showed] towards the new centres .

They encountered taverns with painted signs hanging outside , and shops with their wares displayed in the windows .
they encountered taverns with painted signs hanging outside , and shops with their wares [showed] in the windows .

He noticed that Venus displayed phases like the Moon , that is , Venus varied from a thin crescent to full and back to a crescent again .
he noticed that venus [showed] phases like the moon , that is , venus varied from a thin crescent to full and back to a crescent again .

In the 1930s photographs at ultraviolet wavelengths displayed the visible shadings more clearly , and motions could be seen .
in the 1930s photographs at ultraviolet wavelengths [showed] the visible shadings more clearly , and motions could be seen .

Its cover was black and the plastic envelopes inside were rather smaller so that each page was displayed edged with black like a mourning card .
its cover was black and the plastic envelopes inside were rather smaller so that each page was [showed] edged with black like a mourning card .

Shildon displayed the confidence of the experienced professional and as Rain relayed the story of Shildon 's investigation into MacQuillan 's business life , Wickham found the impression reinforced .
shildon [showed] the confidence of the experienced professional and as rain relayed the story of shildon 's investigation into macquillan 's business life , wickham found the impression reinforced .

Communication with a roving agent was always fraught with difficulties , but Leone was dilatory and displayed little sense of urgency as the new season approached : Giardini impulsively began to open up negotiations himself , resulting in an increasingly frenetic tone to the correspondence .
communication with a roving agent was always fraught with difficulties , but leone was dilatory and [showed] little sense of urgency as the new season approached : giardini impulsively began to open up negotiations himself , resulting in an increasingly frenetic tone to the correspondence .

There was little debate on the clause but what little there was displayed a lack of understanding both about the legal significance of Morgan and its implications for women .
there was little debate on the clause but what little there was [showed] a lack of understanding both about the legal significance of morgan and its implications for women .

In it coins and medals were set out on faded velvet pads and , at the back , there were cards of stamps displayed under amber polythene to protect them from the light .
in it coins and medals were set out on faded velvet pads and , at the back , there were cards of stamps [showed] under amber polythene to protect them from the light .

The thin woollen dress she wore under her housecoat had a low neck which displayed the deep cleavage between her soft breasts .
the thin woollen dress she wore under her housecoat had a low neck which [showed] the deep cleavage between her soft breasts .

If you feel you are suffering from harassment and would like some advice , please check the noticeboard in your workplace where the names and telephone numbers of contact officers should be displayed .
if you feel you are suffering from harassment and would like some advice , please check the noticeboard in your workplace where the names and telephone numbers of contact officers should be [showed] .

The Society has displayed confidence in the contributors by printing their nostalgic talk verbatim and the result is a fascinating account of the town in the earlier part of this century , through the voices of the men and women who were there at the time .
the society has [showed] confidence in the contributors by printing their nostalgic talk verbatim and the result is a fascinating account of the town in the earlier part of this century , through the voices of the men and women who were there at the time .

Whatever , a composite mentality `` to figural design is displayed , ( perhaps literally as well as metaphorically ) .
whatever , a composite mentality `` to figural design is [showed] , ( perhaps literally as well as metaphorically ) .

But given the ineptitude displayed when dealing with some elementary features , e.g .
but given the ineptitude [showed] when dealing with some elementary features , e.g .

Before looking at the implications of this plethora of orbits , it remains to state that only a few of the homoclinic orbits known to occur in the Lorenz equations are displayed in Fig .
before looking at the implications of this plethora of orbits , it remains to state that only a few of the homoclinic orbits known to occur in the lorenz equations are [showed] in fig .

One poster to be displayed on Tube carriages will ask passengers to imagine being trapped in a carriage with 600 other people for 35 hours without food and water .
one poster to be [showed] on tube carriages will ask passengers to imagine being trapped in a carriage with 600 other people for 35 hours without food and water .

5.22 Defective premises To give notice to the Landlord of any defect in the Premises which might give rise to an obligation on the Landlord to do or refrain from doing any act or thing in order to comply with the provisions of this Lease or the duty of care imposed on the Landlord pursuant to the Defective Premises Act 1972 or otherwise and at all times to display and maintain all notices which the Landlord may from time to time [ reasonably ] require to be displayed at the Premises The difficulty here is that this covenant could impose an unfair obligation on the tenant and it should therefore be amended as follows : To give notice to the Landlord upon becoming aware of any defect … 5.23 New guarantor Within [ 14 ] days of the death during the Term of any Guarantor or of such person becoming bankrupt or having a receiving order made against him or having a receiver appointed under the Mental Health Act 1983 or being a company passing a resolution to wind up or entering into liquidation or having a receiver appointed to give notice of this to the Landlord and if so required by the Landlord at the expense of the Tenant within [ 28 ] days to procure some other person acceptable to the Landlord [ such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld ] to execute a guarantee in respect of the Tenant 's obligations contained in this Lease in the form of the Guarantor 's covenants contained in this Lease Although this may be perfectly fair and reasonable in that a guarantor 's covenants are expected to last during the period for which they are given , many tenants try to resist this covenant on the basis that it may be extremely difficult for the tenant to produce an alternative guarantor .
5.22 defective premises to give notice to the landlord of any defect in the premises which might give rise to an obligation on the landlord to do or refrain from doing any act or thing in order to comply with the provisions of this lease or the duty of care imposed on the landlord pursuant to the defective premises act 1972 or otherwise and at all times to display and maintain all notices which the landlord may from time to time [ reasonably ] require to be [showed] at the premises the difficulty here is that this covenant could impose an unfair obligation on the tenant and it should therefore be amended as follows : to give notice to the landlord upon becoming aware of any defect … 5.23 new guarantor within [ 14 ] days of the death during the term of any guarantor or of such person becoming bankrupt or having a receiving order made against him or having a receiver appointed under the mental health act 1983 or being a company passing a resolution to wind up or entering into liquidation or having a receiver appointed to give notice of this to the landlord and if so required by the landlord at the expense of the tenant within [ 28 ] days to procure some other person acceptable to the landlord [ such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld ] to execute a guarantee in respect of the tenant 's obligations contained in this lease in the form of the guarantor 's covenants contained in this lease although this may be perfectly fair and reasonable in that a guarantor 's covenants are expected to last during the period for which they are given , many tenants try to resist this covenant on the basis that it may be extremely difficult for the tenant to produce an alternative guarantor .

In shop sales it may still be possible to imply as a matter of general contract law that the goods supplied , in the absence of representation to the contrary , correspond to the goods displayed in the shop .
in shop sales it may still be possible to imply as a matter of general contract law that the goods supplied , in the absence of representation to the contrary , correspond to the goods [showed] in the shop .

If it is set , a listing is displayed .
if it is set , a listing is [showed] .

This allows the user to use a number of `` function icons `` which are displayed at the side of the screen .
this allows the user to use a number of `` function icons `` which are [showed] at the side of the screen .

Early example of nose-art displayed on a Maurice Farman Shorthorn of No 2 Wing , Royal Naval Air Service , based at Mudros in the Eastern Mediterranean .
early example of nose-art [showed] on a maurice farman shorthorn of no 2 wing , royal naval air service , based at mudros in the eastern mediterranean .

Five classes of advertisement are excepted from all control : those on enclosed land , within a building , on or in a vehicle or vessel , displayed on a balloon , incorporated in and forming part of the fabric of a building ( for example , incised stonework lettering ) , and displayed on an article for sale .
five classes of advertisement are excepted from all control : those on enclosed land , within a building , on or in a vehicle or vessel , [showed] on a balloon , incorporated in and forming part of the fabric of a building ( for example , incised stonework lettering ) , and [showed] on an article for sale .

With these exceptions , no advertisements may be displayed without ‘ consent ’ .
with these exceptions , no advertisements may be [showed] without ‘ consent ’ .

However , certain categories of advertisement can be displayed without ‘ express consent ’ ; so long as the local authority takes no action , they are deemed to have received consent .
however , certain categories of advertisement can be [showed] without ‘ express consent ’ ; so long as the local authority takes no action , they are deemed to have received consent .

In some areas , for example , national parks or near a cathedral , it may be desirable to prohibit virtually all advertisements of the poster type and seriously restrict other advertisements , including those normally displayed by the ordinary trader .
in some areas , for example , national parks or near a cathedral , it may be desirable to prohibit virtually all advertisements of the poster type and seriously restrict other advertisements , including those normally [showed] by the ordinary trader .

Within an area of special control the general rule is that no advertisement may be displayed ; such advertisements as are given express consent are considered as exceptions to this general rule .
within an area of special control the general rule is that no advertisement may be [showed] ; such advertisements as are given express consent are considered as exceptions to this general rule .

Figure 24.6 shows a sequence of photographs of an oscilloscope screen , on which the current through the circuit is displayed in the y-direction versus the voltage across it in the x-direction .
figure 24.6 shows a sequence of photographs of an oscilloscope screen , on which the current through the circuit is [showed] in the y-direction versus the voltage across it in the x-direction .

He had been photographing O'Keeffe for over five years , and among the 45 prints of her he displayed were extraordinarily candid images of her body , as well as images in which she gestured provocatively , her arms and hands echoing the arrangement of forms in her abstractions , which served as backgrounds .
he had been photographing o'keeffe for over five years , and among the 45 prints of her he [showed] were extraordinarily candid images of her body , as well as images in which she gestured provocatively , her arms and hands echoing the arrangement of forms in her abstractions , which served as backgrounds .

The historical , included a number of 17th–19th century items from the Embroiderers ' Guild collection , which were displayed alongside specific contemporary works .
the historical , included a number of 17th–19th century items from the embroiderers ' guild collection , which were [showed] alongside specific contemporary works .

Because the candles are displayed horizontally , light them for as brief a time as possible to avoid wax falling on the icing .
because the candles are [showed] horizontally , light them for as brief a time as possible to avoid wax falling on the icing .

Yet the activity of musical direction displayed in both contexts ( solo and ensemble ) accords with other evidence , brought forward now for the first time .
yet the activity of musical direction [showed] in both contexts ( solo and ensemble ) accords with other evidence , brought forward now for the first time .

Shrugging regretfully , she continued to gaze at the various treasures displayed .
shrugging regretfully , she continued to gaze at the various treasures [showed] .

She kept well away from the edge of the cliffs , perfectly happy to stay in the fields which displayed such fascinating evidence of Iron Age occupation .
she kept well away from the edge of the cliffs , perfectly happy to stay in the fields which [showed] such fascinating evidence of iron age occupation .

Here she displayed them .
here she [showed] them .

Dates , geographical areas , populations , data collection methodology are also displayed .
dates , geographical areas , populations , data collection methodology are also [showed] .

Lastly , a further problem , and in practical terms possibly the most daunting , is the general lack of technical skills and awareness displayed by the traditional archivist .
lastly , a further problem , and in practical terms possibly the most daunting , is the general lack of technical skills and awareness [showed] by the traditional archivist .

But the skills required to produce the necessary documentation giving details of the provenance of electronic records , enabling the future researcher to determine how the information was collected and stored , why it was collected and the responsibility for the collection , are markedly different from those displayed in conventional archival practise .
but the skills required to produce the necessary documentation giving details of the provenance of electronic records , enabling the future researcher to determine how the information was collected and stored , why it was collected and the responsibility for the collection , are markedly different from those [showed] in conventional archival practise .

The endless catalogue of objects displayed in the international expositions , however awful aesthetically , are monuments to the pride of those who made them .
the endless catalogue of objects [showed] in the international expositions , however awful aesthetically , are monuments to the pride of those who made them .

When Williams appeared to like the idea , Orton totally changed the part so that it could fit him , not so much like a glove , but like a well-crafted cabinet , one in which Ken could be displayed at his finest and with plenty of space to ensure that nothing got in his way .
when williams appeared to like the idea , orton totally changed the part so that it could fit him , not so much like a glove , but like a well-crafted cabinet , one in which ken could be [showed] at his finest and with plenty of space to ensure that nothing got in his way .

Except where there are more than 20 partners ( including persons held out as partners ) , the names of the partners must be shown legibly on all business letters , written orders for goods or services , invoices and receipts sent out by the firm ; an address at which service of documents may be effected on the firm and its partners must also be shown ; and a full list of the partners with that same address must be displayed in a prominent position in each of the firm 's offices .
except where there are more than 20 partners ( including persons held out as partners ) , the names of the partners must be shown legibly on all business letters , written orders for goods or services , invoices and receipts sent out by the firm ; an address at which service of documents may be effected on the firm and its partners must also be shown ; and a full list of the partners with that same address must be [showed] in a prominent position in each of the firm 's offices .

Example 2:11 Right to use passenger and goods lift The right in common with the landlord and all others having the like right during normal office hours to use : ( 1 ) the lift marked on the attached plan for the carriage of passengers only and their hand luggage ( 2 ) the lift marked on the attached plan for the carriage of goods provided that the lift shall not be loaded in excess of the permitted weight displayed therein
example 2:11 right to use passenger and goods lift the right in common with the landlord and all others having the like right during normal office hours to use : ( 1 ) the lift marked on the attached plan for the carriage of passengers only and their hand luggage ( 2 ) the lift marked on the attached plan for the carriage of goods provided that the lift shall not be loaded in excess of the permitted weight [showed] therein

If further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . Example 2:13 Right to display advertisement permitted by regulations The right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be displayed without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the Town and Country Planning ( Control of Advertisements ) Regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof Example 2:14 Right to display advertisement in prescribed form The right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord
if further restrictions on displaying advertisements are to be imposed , the tenant 's adviser should ensure that the tenant still has sufficient ability to carry on his business efficiently ( eg by exhibiting advertisements as part of a window display ) . example 2:13 right to display advertisement permitted by regulations the right to display in and on the demised property any advertisement permitted to be [showed] without the express consent of the local planning authority by virtue of the town and country planning ( control of advertisements ) regulations 1992 or any modification or replacement thereof example 2:14 right to display advertisement in prescribed form the right to display on the front door of the demised property a name plate not exceeding in area and advertising the business carried on in the demised property and to display the name or style of that business on the name board situated in the entrance hall of the building of which the demised property forms part with letters provided by the landlord

The chosen one then becomes the parent of the next generation , and a litter of its mutant children are displayed simultaneously on the screen .
the chosen one then becomes the parent of the next generation , and a litter of its mutant children are [showed] simultaneously on the screen .

As a corollary of this emphasis on managerial control , installation of this microelectronics technology reveals a lack of concern over the liberties and rights of building occupants which is similar to that displayed by Bentham in the design of his Panopticon .
as a corollary of this emphasis on managerial control , installation of this microelectronics technology reveals a lack of concern over the liberties and rights of building occupants which is similar to that [showed] by bentham in the design of his panopticon .

Although the planning of the cottage rested on the patriarchal assumption that it would house a male art lover , with perhaps a wife and certainly a ( female ) domestic to service it , Unwin displayed some unease about the status of such service , and thought that : `` It is possible , though not easy , to introduce one helper into home life on equal terms , but very difficult indeed to do this with two `` ( 1901 p66 ) .
although the planning of the cottage rested on the patriarchal assumption that it would house a male art lover , with perhaps a wife and certainly a ( female ) domestic to service it , unwin [showed] some unease about the status of such service , and thought that : `` it is possible , though not easy , to introduce one helper into home life on equal terms , but very difficult indeed to do this with two `` ( 1901 p66 ) .

It was hoped at the outset that the results of the workshop would produce an `` idealised `` narrative based on the majority preferences displayed in each of the 11 sentence columns .
it was hoped at the outset that the results of the workshop would produce an `` idealised `` narrative based on the majority preferences [showed] in each of the 11 sentence columns .

Until well-into our own century his embalmed body was displayed in a glass-topped coffin in Faarevejle church on the Danish island of Fyn .
until well-into our own century his embalmed body was [showed] in a glass-topped coffin in faarevejle church on the danish island of fyn .

The king had his attendants with him , and in a very short time they overpowered and killed Gowrie and his brother , whose bodies were hanged , drawn and quartered , the quarters being displayed at Edinburgh , Perth , Dundee and Stirling .
the king had his attendants with him , and in a very short time they overpowered and killed gowrie and his brother , whose bodies were hanged , drawn and quartered , the quarters being [showed] at edinburgh , perth , dundee and stirling .

The example of Ballymurphy Knitwear is apposite — a community initiative which failed because of inadequate resourcing and government support for the manifest will to work which the women involved displayed .
the example of ballymurphy knitwear is apposite — a community initiative which failed because of inadequate resourcing and government support for the manifest will to work which the women involved [showed] .

The heritage of Wales ' rural life is displayed and interpreted in a vast collection of authentic re-erected buildings where the Welsh people lived and worked
the heritage of wales ' rural life is [showed] and interpreted in a vast collection of authentic re-erected buildings where the welsh people lived and worked

Imaginatively displayed exhibits relating to everyday life
imaginatively [showed] exhibits relating to everyday life

Masterpieces of Welsh fine and applied art are displayed alongside European works of great distinction
masterpieces of welsh fine and applied art are [showed] alongside european works of great distinction

Wales is renowned for its rich and diverse plant life that grows on mountains and moorlands , in secluded valleys and on the rugged coastline . Many of these ranging from simple algae to complex flowering plants are displayed
wales is renowned for its rich and diverse plant life that grows on mountains and moorlands , in secluded valleys and on the rugged coastline . many of these ranging from simple algae to complex flowering plants are [showed]

Welsh portraits are displayed opposite the art of Holland and Flanders .
welsh portraits are [showed] opposite the art of holland and flanders .

Discovered as recently as 1964 , the cold-hall and open-air swimming pool are now displayed under cover .
discovered as recently as 1964 , the cold-hall and open-air swimming pool are now [showed] under cover .

of blettes or poirée , the chard which one sees displayed for sale in huge bundles in every market in the southern Rhone country make a cream sauce with 1 ½ oz .
of blettes or poirée , the chard which one sees [showed] for sale in huge bundles in every market in the southern rhone country make a cream sauce with 1 ½ oz .

The men and women we read about in the Bible have aspirations and failings with which we easily identify , and even the heroes of Scripture are displayed in the cold light of truth .
the men and women we read about in the bible have aspirations and failings with which we easily identify , and even the heroes of scripture are [showed] in the cold light of truth .

`` To be fair , however , it must be said that the natives on the hill also applauded the firmness and resolve which the gentlemen displayed in our defence .
`` to be fair , however , it must be said that the natives on the hill also applauded the firmness and resolve which the gentlemen [showed] in our defence .

They lay in a glass case in his dressing-room , displayed , like Turtons ' file , on a cushion of faded red velvet with the shadow of a pistol in darker red where until recently the Colt had been .
they lay in a glass case in his dressing-room , [showed] , like turtons ' file , on a cushion of faded red velvet with the shadow of a pistol in darker red where until recently the colt had been .

Of all the ladies who had survived both shot and cholera ( for the dreaded disease had taken its toll of the billiard room as of other parts of the garrison ) none now displayed greater fortitude than Louise .
of all the ladies who had survived both shot and cholera ( for the dreaded disease had taken its toll of the billiard room as of other parts of the garrison ) none now [showed] greater fortitude than louise .

But when Duncan reminded him of this incident some years later , he `` not only denied knowing the ballad but singing it … `` In the same way , when Conrad Aiken sent him a copy of Ushant in which he described two incidents which displayed a streak of sadism `` in Eliot 's nature , Eliot denied any recollection of such events .
but when duncan reminded him of this incident some years later , he `` not only denied knowing the ballad but singing it … `` in the same way , when conrad aiken sent him a copy of ushant in which he described two incidents which [showed] a streak of sadism `` in eliot 's nature , eliot denied any recollection of such events .

The point could be put differently by suggesting that in his notions of a `` community of Christians `` and `` parochial units `` he displayed little understanding of the nature of English life — his grasp of it was theoretical rather than actual ; just as he adopted almost too perfectly the dress and manners of an Englishman , so he offered an idealized and therefore unconvincing account of English society .
the point could be put differently by suggesting that in his notions of a `` community of christians `` and `` parochial units `` he [showed] little understanding of the nature of english life — his grasp of it was theoretical rather than actual ; just as he adopted almost too perfectly the dress and manners of an englishman , so he offered an idealized and therefore unconvincing account of english society .

Accounts like Jeremy Seabrook 's in Working Class Childhood see in the material affection displayed towards children of our and more recent generations , the roots of a political failure on the part of the Labour movement to confront the inculcated desires of the market place . ``
accounts like jeremy seabrook 's in working class childhood see in the material affection [showed] towards children of our and more recent generations , the roots of a political failure on the part of the labour movement to confront the inculcated desires of the market place . ``

During this period Churchill took over the coal negotiations and displayed a vigour for settlement which had been entirely lacking in the Prime Minister .
during this period churchill took over the coal negotiations and [showed] a vigour for settlement which had been entirely lacking in the prime minister .

Such behaviour , which always unnerved her when displayed by such as Higginbotham , did not unnerve her at all .
such behaviour , which always unnerved her when [showed] by such as higginbotham , did not unnerve her at all .

But she had never before met such qualities so mildly and tactfully and decoratively combined , so settled and established , so kindly displayed .
but she had never before met such qualities so mildly and tactfully and decoratively combined , so settled and established , so kindly [showed] .

We were amused to notice at this years Twelfth of July demonstrations that the Orange Order displayed pathetically small little notices on top of their banners which read ‘ No Dublin Interference ’ .
we were amused to notice at this years twelfth of july demonstrations that the orange order [showed] pathetically small little notices on top of their banners which read ‘ no dublin interference ’ .

Moreover , Truman was ready to act decisively , following the advice of the card which he displayed prominently on his desk : `` The buck stops here `` .
moreover , truman was ready to act decisively , following the advice of the card which he [showed] prominently on his desk : `` the buck stops here `` .

President Carter displayed considerable restraint in the crisis until an attempt was made in April 1980 to rescue the hostages by force .
president carter [showed] considerable restraint in the crisis until an attempt was made in april 1980 to rescue the hostages by force .

( vi ) The crew made a successful forced landing in a field near the end of the runway and are to be commended for the high degree of professional and airmanship displayed .
( vi ) the crew made a successful forced landing in a field near the end of the runway and are to be commended for the high degree of professional and airmanship [showed] .

Take part of Lyly 's description of his hero at the beginning of Euphues , which deserves our attention as `` the first novel in English `` : The elaborate parallelistic structure of these two sentences has been displayed above by placing the parallelisms or structural equivalences , in brackets .
take part of lyly 's description of his hero at the beginning of euphues , which deserves our attention as `` the first novel in english `` : the elaborate parallelistic structure of these two sentences has been [showed] above by placing the parallelisms or structural equivalences , in brackets .

If any one activity is thought , in the public mind , to represent the essence of librarianship it is undoubtedly classification and cataloguing : the organization of library materials into a system for their displayed storage and the easy retrieval of the subject content of the collection .
if any one activity is thought , in the public mind , to represent the essence of librarianship it is undoubtedly classification and cataloguing : the organization of library materials into a system for their [showed] storage and the easy retrieval of the subject content of the collection .

Yet most libraries , whether public , academic or specialized , these days operate on the `` open access `` principle , whereby as many items as possible are displayed on shelves or in other units immediately available for browsing and consultation .
yet most libraries , whether public , academic or specialized , these days operate on the `` open access `` principle , whereby as many items as possible are [showed] on shelves or in other units immediately available for browsing and consultation .

For instance , careers information is a very important part of a secondary school , and the work of the careers teacher or team requires publicity , time and space ; but where is the material most effectively displayed for regular consultation by students themselves , where is the careers interviewing most advantageously sited , and what proportion of the school term or year is spent on it ?
for instance , careers information is a very important part of a secondary school , and the work of the careers teacher or team requires publicity , time and space ; but where is the material most effectively [showed] for regular consultation by students themselves , where is the careers interviewing most advantageously sited , and what proportion of the school term or year is spent on it ?

Similarly the products and services you sell should be openly and honestly advertised , packaged and displayed .
similarly the products and services you sell should be openly and honestly advertised , packaged and [showed] .

He was a loyal member of the Copenhagen school but he displayed a greater flexibility than most in the expression of his understanding .
he was a loyal member of the copenhagen school but he [showed] a greater flexibility than most in the expression of his understanding .

Masculinization of social institutions is of course not necessarily displayed as overt sexism or discrimination .
masculinization of social institutions is of course not necessarily [showed] as overt sexism or discrimination .

More than forty publishing houses and institutions displayed in excess of 5,000 books , video-tapes and films at the Tien Educational Centre in Taipei .
more than forty publishing houses and institutions [showed] in excess of 5,000 books , video-tapes and films at the tien educational centre in taipei .

Team — Shows which team is currently displayed .
team — shows which team is currently [showed] .

Show Players — List of players in a particular team is displayed .
show players — list of players in a particular team is [showed] .

Team — Identifies which team is displayed .
team — identifies which team is [showed] .

Week — Which week is displayed .
week — which week is [showed] .

Each pugilist has three statistics , displayed via a bar system .
each pugilist has three statistics , [showed] via a bar system .

Mr Matthiesen informs me that he relayed this message to Sotheby 's on three separate occasions prior to the sale , but no notice was displayed .
mr matthiesen informs me that he relayed this message to sotheby 's on three separate occasions prior to the sale , but no notice was [showed] .

The pieces we loaned made up the ‘ influence of ’ section , with each piece was a particularly rare and important example of Japonisme as applied to domestic silver , and we shall have some of those pieces displayed for sale at this year 's fair .
the pieces we loaned made up the ‘ influence of ’ section , with each piece was a particularly rare and important example of japonisme as applied to domestic silver , and we shall have some of those pieces [showed] for sale at this year 's fair .

Who see beyond the rail displayed
who see beyond the rail [showed]

Any goodwill built up by careful diplomacy and treaties was swept away by Scapula 's savage reprisals , and any shreds left with the Trinovantes by the brutal contempt displayed by the veterans at Camulodunon .
any goodwill built up by careful diplomacy and treaties was swept away by scapula 's savage reprisals , and any shreds left with the trinovantes by the brutal contempt [showed] by the veterans at camulodunon .

The powers that be at the Tate tend to be more interested in ‘ the modern ’ than in the British tradition , so many fine or interesting British paintings are rarely if ever displayed , and to get through to those that are one has to wade one 's way through off-putting modernist rubbish , with the risk of tripping over artistic piles of bricks or tearing your clothes on sharp bits of dustbin sculpture .
the powers that be at the tate tend to be more interested in ‘ the modern ’ than in the british tradition , so many fine or interesting british paintings are rarely if ever [showed] , and to get through to those that are one has to wade one 's way through off-putting modernist rubbish , with the risk of tripping over artistic piles of bricks or tearing your clothes on sharp bits of dustbin sculpture .

It makes no sense as it is now , as neither of its collections can be displayed properly .
it makes no sense as it is now , as neither of its collections can be [showed] properly .

Visit the famous Keukenhof Gardens and marvel at the thousands of flowers displayed with perfect artistry in the greenhouses and beautiful landscaped gardens spread across the 65 acre estate .
visit the famous keukenhof gardens and marvel at the thousands of flowers [showed] with perfect artistry in the greenhouses and beautiful landscaped gardens spread across the 65 acre estate .

Niki de Saint-Phalle gets a solo show , with a wide range of works displayed inside the building and a further thirty-five outside in a kind of roof garden .
niki de saint-phalle gets a solo show , with a wide range of works [showed] inside the building and a further thirty-five outside in a kind of roof garden .

The Tate and the National Gallery can not claim a magnificent entryway , but the London curators have displayed their collection with a respect which puts the Louvre to shame .
the tate and the national gallery can not claim a magnificent entryway , but the london curators have [showed] their collection with a respect which puts the louvre to shame .

Indeed , this is the most extensive selection of Leonardo 's drawings for the ‘ Battle of Anghiari ’ ever displayed together .
indeed , this is the most extensive selection of leonardo 's drawings for the ‘ battle of anghiari ’ ever [showed] together .

This is partly because of the presence of a remarkably heterogenous group of pictures displayed under the name of Giorgione .
this is partly because of the presence of a remarkably heterogenous group of pictures [showed] under the name of giorgione .

Casts of missing fragments have been incorporated into the frieze , as well as an original fragment excavated on the Bassae site by Professor Yalouris and subsequently displayed in the National Archaeological Museum in Athens .
casts of missing fragments have been incorporated into the frieze , as well as an original fragment excavated on the bassae site by professor yalouris and subsequently [showed] in the national archaeological museum in athens .

Those aware that in May 1989 Sotheby 's New York sold for $67 million a small group of Impressionist and Post-Impressionist paintings inherited and collected by Ortiz-Patiño and once displayed in his house in Switzerland ( notable among the eight paintings offered at the time was Gauguin 's ‘ Mata Mua ’ , a Tahitian composition that sold for over $24 million to its former co-owner , Baron Thyssen , having been jointly purchased by Ortiz-Patiño and Thyssen only five years before at Sotheby 's New York for $3.85 million ) , may ask themselves how will Jaime Ortiz-Patiño furnish and decorate his London flat ? With help from master decorator Renzo Mongiardino , who is known to have helped him in the past , Ortiz-Patiño should have little trouble showing off the rare editions , manuscripts and fine bindings first collected by his father ; his own Dutch and Spanish Old Master paintings ; English silver by Paul de Lamerie and the gold snuff boxes he has been collecting since 1956 .
those aware that in may 1989 sotheby 's new york sold for $67 million a small group of impressionist and post-impressionist paintings inherited and collected by ortiz-patiño and once [showed] in his house in switzerland ( notable among the eight paintings offered at the time was gauguin 's ‘ mata mua ’ , a tahitian composition that sold for over $24 million to its former co-owner , baron thyssen , having been jointly purchased by ortiz-patiño and thyssen only five years before at sotheby 's new york for $3.85 million ) , may ask themselves how will jaime ortiz-patiño furnish and decorate his london flat ? with help from master decorator renzo mongiardino , who is known to have helped him in the past , ortiz-patiño should have little trouble showing off the rare editions , manuscripts and fine bindings first collected by his father ; his own dutch and spanish old master paintings ; english silver by paul de lamerie and the gold snuff boxes he has been collecting since 1956 .

The tendencies towards territorial and dynastic aggrandisement displayed by the house of Foix-Béarn were echoed by the counts of Armagnac .
the tendencies towards territorial and dynastic aggrandisement [showed] by the house of foix-béarn were echoed by the counts of armagnac .

The paint has cracked in several places , especially in the central panel of the composition , and needs to be restored and given a proper backing before it can be displayed .
the paint has cracked in several places , especially in the central panel of the composition , and needs to be restored and given a proper backing before it can be [showed] .

Large canvases , initially intended as wall furniture , are frequently crowded together into space which is too small and displayed at eye level in emphatic lighting which dramatises the reflective surfaces .
large canvases , initially intended as wall furniture , are frequently crowded together into space which is too small and [showed] at eye level in emphatic lighting which dramatises the reflective surfaces .

The exhibition was there to display ; we must take the trouble to understand what it displayed .
the exhibition was there to display ; we must take the trouble to understand what it [showed] .

If such rights were introduced , this would allow artists legitimately to charge a royalty either on public exhibition or where their work is displayed on a visual display unit .
if such rights were introduced , this would allow artists legitimately to charge a royalty either on public exhibition or where their work is [showed] on a visual display unit .

Moore 's own art collection , including several Courbets and Daumiers , drawings by David , Degas , Millet and Redon , Rodin watercolours , three Nabis-period Vuillard paintings and oils by Rouault will also be displayed .
moore 's own art collection , including several courbets and daumiers , drawings by david , degas , millet and redon , rodin watercolours , three nabis-period vuillard paintings and oils by rouault will also be [showed] .

He leaned on her unhesitatingly in all times of crisis and disaster , remained all his life proud of her beauty , her birth and her intelligence … In later years when they were reduced to penury , she displayed great moral heroism in preserving intact the framework of a family and a household , which alone enabled her husband to continue his work .
he leaned on her unhesitatingly in all times of crisis and disaster , remained all his life proud of her beauty , her birth and her intelligence … in later years when they were reduced to penury , she [showed] great moral heroism in preserving intact the framework of a family and a household , which alone enabled her husband to continue his work .

Items which are physically attached to the front cover gain in that they could not really be more prominently displayed and are bound to reach all the purchasers of the magazine .
items which are physically attached to the front cover gain in that they could not really be more prominently [showed] and are bound to reach all the purchasers of the magazine .

Rotas for house cleaning , loo disinfecting , washing up , cooker cleaning and decisions about kitty and shopping for basic shared commodities such as tea , coffee , loo paper , need to be clearly written down and displayed for all to see .
rotas for house cleaning , loo disinfecting , washing up , cooker cleaning and decisions about kitty and shopping for basic shared commodities such as tea , coffee , loo paper , need to be clearly written down and [showed] for all to see .

Check that your own name , the name of your tutor , the title of the essay and the course are displayed clearly and prominently at the top of page one .
check that your own name , the name of your tutor , the title of the essay and the course are [showed] clearly and prominently at the top of page one .

Niki Lauda displayed courage beyond all recognition in 1976 when , six weeks after being given the Last Rites , he was back behind the wheel of his Ferrari picking up points in the Italian Grand Prix at Monza .
niki lauda [showed] courage beyond all recognition in 1976 when , six weeks after being given the last rites , he was back behind the wheel of his ferrari picking up points in the italian grand prix at monza .

In the Museum forecourt is a morticed flagstone , formerly in the High Street , marking the spot where gruesome portions of their quarters were displayed as a warning to the in habitants of Swanage .
in the museum forecourt is a morticed flagstone , formerly in the high street , marking the spot where gruesome portions of their quarters were [showed] as a warning to the in habitants of swanage .

His theory is based on psychological studies of the reading process ; acknowledging the extent to which the integration of understanding and recognition is responsible for the fluent reading capabilities displayed by people .
his theory is based on psychological studies of the reading process ; acknowledging the extent to which the integration of understanding and recognition is responsible for the fluent reading capabilities [showed] by people .

Gloucester 's legal council accordingly displayed a marked northern bias , including among its members Guy Fairfax , Robert Danby , Richard Pygot , Miles Metcalfe and John Vavasour .
gloucester 's legal council accordingly [showed] a marked northern bias , including among its members guy fairfax , robert danby , richard pygot , miles metcalfe and john vavasour .

Symbolic interactionism , by stressing the subjective and the impact of particular labelling events , has almost invariably displayed an a historical bias .
symbolic interactionism , by stressing the subjective and the impact of particular labelling events , has almost invariably [showed] an a historical bias .

Foucault , and those influenced by him , have displayed a great scepticism about the possibilities of a conventional history : Foucault stresses that his work is basically aimed at constructing a ‘ genealogy ’ , the locating of the ‘ traces ’ of the present rather than reconstructing the past .
foucault , and those influenced by him , have [showed] a great scepticism about the possibilities of a conventional history : foucault stresses that his work is basically aimed at constructing a ‘ genealogy ’ , the locating of the ‘ traces ’ of the present rather than reconstructing the past .

As it was , with two glasses of champagne inside her , and as the mannequins displayed the latest fashions from Paris and London , she felt she was once more in heaven , even more so two hours or so later as Mr O'Hara 's chief assistants wrapped up the final choices : dresses , gowns and lingerie made of georgette , and flowered taffetas , moires , silks and satins , subtle lamés , artificial marocain and crêpe de Chine , in colours of white or pastel blue , cerise , pearl-grey , oyster and of course rose-opaline .
as it was , with two glasses of champagne inside her , and as the mannequins [showed] the latest fashions from paris and london , she felt she was once more in heaven , even more so two hours or so later as mr o'hara 's chief assistants wrapped up the final choices : dresses , gowns and lingerie made of georgette , and flowered taffetas , moires , silks and satins , subtle lamés , artificial marocain and crêpe de chine , in colours of white or pastel blue , cerise , pearl-grey , oyster and of course rose-opaline .

We had thought that , displayed , they readily invited comparison .
we had thought that , [showed] , they readily invited comparison .

Sections and departments hold brainstorming sessions and posters are displayed to encourage the climate of innovation .
sections and departments hold brainstorming sessions and posters are [showed] to encourage the climate of innovation .

Memos of this type are often displayed on notice boards for general information .
memos of this type are often [showed] on notice boards for general information .

Pies can be confusing and cluttered if more than six or seven slices are displayed .
pies can be confusing and cluttered if more than six or seven slices are [showed] .

You will find the various interest rates displayed in your branch .
you will find the various interest rates [showed] in your branch .

The prevailing rates are published daily in the Financial Times , and are also displayed on Prestel and in all our branches .
the prevailing rates are published daily in the financial times , and are also [showed] on prestel and in all our branches .

You will find the prevailing rate of interest shown daily in the Financial Times and on Prestel , and it is also displayed in all our branches .
you will find the prevailing rate of interest shown daily in the financial times and on prestel , and it is also [showed] in all our branches .

The current rates of interest on our High Interest Deposit Bonds can be obtained from all our branches and are displayed daily on Prestel .
the current rates of interest on our high interest deposit bonds can be obtained from all our branches and are [showed] daily on prestel .

If divine omnipotence had been really displayed , the deity would have had to create those other worlds that Bruno 's scholastic predecessors had acknowledged He could have ( but actually had not ) made .
if divine omnipotence had been really [showed] , the deity would have had to create those other worlds that bruno 's scholastic predecessors had acknowledged he could have ( but actually had not ) made .

For lieutenants and above , rank was displayed on the sleeves in the form of knots of ⅛ inch black mohair soutache braid ( again , see accompanying pattern drawings ) .
for lieutenants and above , rank was [showed] on the sleeves in the form of knots of ⅛ inch black mohair soutache braid ( again , see accompanying pattern drawings ) .

Above : In 1901 regulations added a pair of shoulder straps to the white undress coat , and insignia of branch , unit and rank were thenceforward displayed exactly as on the khaki field blouse ; this coat bears the insignia of a captain of the 23rd Infantry .
above : in 1901 regulations added a pair of shoulder straps to the white undress coat , and insignia of branch , unit and rank were thenceforward [showed] exactly as on the khaki field blouse ; this coat bears the insignia of a captain of the 23rd infantry .

With the carriage were displayed the necessaire , and an assortment of items which has originally been retained by von Keller as souvenirs and which were eventually acquired by Madame Tussaud .
with the carriage were [showed] the necessaire , and an assortment of items which has originally been retained by von keller as souvenirs and which were eventually acquired by madame tussaud .

The necessaire displayed with the dormeuse in the ‘ Napoleon Room ’ .
the necessaire [showed] with the dormeuse in the ‘ napoleon room ’ .

The jacket , mounted on a dummy , was displayed within the collection , labelled ‘ circa 1818–25 , with stock and crossbelts ’ .
the jacket , mounted on a dummy , was [showed] within the collection , labelled ‘ circa 1818–25 , with stock and crossbelts ’ .

On the patch is a very stylised dark blue cloth appliqué grenade ; and the same grenades are displayed on the white turnbacks .
on the patch is a very stylised dark blue cloth appliqué grenade ; and the same grenades are [showed] on the white turnbacks .

The Tourism ( Sleeping Accommodation Price Display ) Order 1977 , which became effective in 1978 , requires that the tariff showing rates for each type of room to be displayed at the reception desk in a prominent position ( see Chapter 8 ) .
the tourism ( sleeping accommodation price display ) order 1977 , which became effective in 1978 , requires that the tariff showing rates for each type of room to be [showed] at the reception desk in a prominent position ( see chapter 8 ) .

The Hotel Proprietors Act of 1956 is similarly displayed in a prominent position .
the hotel proprietors act of 1956 is similarly [showed] in a prominent position .

These are prominently displayed in the reservations area or the reception office and enable the receptionists to see at a glance whether they can accept a booking for a certain date .
these are prominently [showed] in the reservations area or the reception office and enable the receptionists to see at a glance whether they can accept a booking for a certain date .

The status of every room can be displayed , enabling the reception office to tell at a glance whether a room is occupied , waiting to be cleaned or ready for the next guest .
the status of every room can be [showed] , enabling the reception office to tell at a glance whether a room is occupied , waiting to be cleaned or ready for the next guest .

The notice required by the Order must be clearly displayed either at the entrance to the hotel or at reception .
the notice required by the order must be clearly [showed] either at the entrance to the hotel or at reception .

Provided that the proprietor shall not be entitled to the protection of this subsection unless , at the time when the property in question was brought to the hotel , a copy of the notice set out in the schedule to this Act printed in plain type was conspicuously displayed in a place where it could conveniently be read by his guests at or near the reception office or desk or , where there is no reception office or desk , at or near the main entrance to the hotel .
provided that the proprietor shall not be entitled to the protection of this subsection unless , at the time when the property in question was brought to the hotel , a copy of the notice set out in the schedule to this act printed in plain type was conspicuously [showed] in a place where it could conveniently be read by his guests at or near the reception office or desk or , where there is no reception office or desk , at or near the main entrance to the hotel .

Detailed Description : a detailed description of the problem , including the steps that led to the problem , any relevant messages or codes displayed or printed by the computer system , and any other useful data . If necessary this description can be included on a separate piece of paper attached to the form
detailed description : a detailed description of the problem , including the steps that led to the problem , any relevant messages or codes [showed] or printed by the computer system , and any other useful data . if necessary this description can be included on a separate piece of paper attached to the form

How many rows and columns of characters may be displayed on the screen ?
how many rows and columns of characters may be [showed] on the screen ?

Provide details of the way in which characters are displayed :
provide details of the way in which characters are [showed] :

How are accents displayed on the suggested display :
how are accents [showed] on the suggested display :

Can a non-printing font be defined ( for operator 's notes , etc. ) and displayed ? If so , in what form ?
can a non-printing font be defined ( for operator 's notes , etc. ) and [showed] ? if so , in what form ?

Can copy be accessed from several files and displayed at one time ?
can copy be accessed from several files and [showed] at one time ?

In this new atmosphere the legislature displayed a determination to defend itself against executive encroachment , not seen for some years .
in this new atmosphere the legislature [showed] a determination to defend itself against executive encroachment , not seen for some years .

It became even more individualistic and displayed few signs of the closely knit and hierarchically organized structure of the previous era .
it became even more individualistic and [showed] few signs of the closely knit and hierarchically organized structure of the previous era .

His successor displayed no great competence for the job even though he had been a member of the House for twenty-four years and had successfully met the demands of peer review to achieve major leadership posts in the legislature .
his successor [showed] no great competence for the job even though he had been a member of the house for twenty-four years and had successfully met the demands of peer review to achieve major leadership posts in the legislature .

The precocity displayed by Ypres and Ghent in securing a candidate favourable to their industrial future was not to be imitated in the rest of France in the twelfth century ; still , other rulers , particularly those of Champagne , learned from it of the profit to be derived from allying with the increasingly powerful mercantile or industrial classes .
the precocity [showed] by ypres and ghent in securing a candidate favourable to their industrial future was not to be imitated in the rest of france in the twelfth century ; still , other rulers , particularly those of champagne , learned from it of the profit to be derived from allying with the increasingly powerful mercantile or industrial classes .

The following panels will be displayed by this procedure :
the following panels will be [showed] by this procedure :

The labelling should include the Text Table Number , as displayed on the panel and the days Date .
the labelling should include the text table number , as [showed] on the panel and the days date .

The following panels will be displayed by this procedure :
the following panels will be [showed] by this procedure :

The following panels will be displayed by the procedure :
the following panels will be [showed] by the procedure :

The labelling should include the Text Table Number , as displayed on the panel , the days Date and the pre-registered Tape Label Number .
the labelling should include the text table number , as [showed] on the panel , the days date and the pre-registered tape label number .

The following panels will be displayed by this procedure :
the following panels will be [showed] by this procedure :

The labelling should include the Text Table Number , as displayed on the panel and the days Date .
the labelling should include the text table number , as [showed] on the panel and the days date .

We have already seen how authority within companies is deemed legitimate when it is based on educational achievement and length of service ; attitudes towards public sector bureaucrats who occupy high office are likewise framed by the priority given to individual merit displayed by educational status .
we have already seen how authority within companies is deemed legitimate when it is based on educational achievement and length of service ; attitudes towards public sector bureaucrats who occupy high office are likewise framed by the priority given to individual merit [showed] by educational status .

In these and other ways the state has favoured those companies who have displayed very high rates of investment , and this almost by definition excludes most small firms .
in these and other ways the state has favoured those companies who have [showed] very high rates of investment , and this almost by definition excludes most small firms .

The character set displayed on the screen should contain sufficient shapes to enable common special sorts , accents , and phonetic symbols to be displayed .
the character set [showed] on the screen should contain sufficient shapes to enable common special sorts , accents , and phonetic symbols to be [showed] .

On completing an editing session the lexicographer will be logged out of the system , and the exit screen displayed .
on completing an editing session the lexicographer will be logged out of the system , and the exit screen [showed] .

individual entries displayed on the terminals may be retrieved from the database , or restored to the database on average within ten seconds
individual entries [showed] on the terminals may be retrieved from the database , or restored to the database on average within ten seconds

Such structures are best displayed graphically ( even parliamentary draughtsmen have resorted to flowcharts for the definition of some more complex legislation ) .
such structures are best [showed] graphically ( even parliamentary draughtsmen have resorted to flowcharts for the definition of some more complex legislation ) .

How much pupil initiative was displayed ?
how much pupil initiative was [showed] ?

It was as if marks for the day 's work were being displayed in the school classroom , and they had a similar effect of inspiring competition .
it was as if marks for the day 's work were being [showed] in the school classroom , and they had a similar effect of inspiring competition .

The defacing of posters may be a natural intuitive desire to turn the perfect images thereon displayed into the imbalanced , imperfect , real life state .
the defacing of posters may be a natural intuitive desire to turn the perfect images thereon [showed] into the imbalanced , imperfect , real life state .

The computer totals the number of responses and the correct answers ; then when the child can supply no more words a full list of all possible words will be displayed , with the child 's answers in colour .
the computer totals the number of responses and the correct answers ; then when the child can supply no more words a full list of all possible words will be [showed] , with the child 's answers in colour .

It is likely that this Daguerreotype was displayed by de St. Croix in the Argyll Rooms at 218 Regent Street or at the Royal Adelaide Gallery of Practical Science , West Strand — a few steps from the camera position at which the Daguerreotype plate was exposed . ``
it is likely that this daguerreotype was [showed] by de st. croix in the argyll rooms at 218 regent street or at the royal adelaide gallery of practical science , west strand — a few steps from the camera position at which the daguerreotype plate was exposed . ``

Basil was fastidious in his preparation from the spotless cleanliness of the palettes and water-pots to the care he took over material displayed .
basil was fastidious in his preparation from the spotless cleanliness of the palettes and water-pots to the care he took over material [showed] .

Various thoughts on a particular problem therefore gave rise to a variety of images , which might appear to contradict each other , but which either simply revealed the complexity of the problem or displayed several ways of stating the same answer .
various thoughts on a particular problem therefore gave rise to a variety of images , which might appear to contradict each other , but which either simply revealed the complexity of the problem or [showed] several ways of stating the same answer .

Basically , The function is the same as for the Language Master — a recording can be made of written language which is displayed for the pupil — but the Audio Page runs for 4 minutes where the Language Master only provides at most about 10 seconds of time .
basically , the function is the same as for the language master — a recording can be made of written language which is [showed] for the pupil — but the audio page runs for 4 minutes where the language master only provides at most about 10 seconds of time .

This does not mean , of course , that the books should have been concentrated or displayed in one location , although some teachers desired this as a way of focusing attention on the library and its new books .
this does not mean , of course , that the books should have been concentrated or [showed] in one location , although some teachers desired this as a way of focusing attention on the library and its new books .

Through the process described above , both parties will have a detailed understanding of the needs of each other and as a bonus , management will have displayed itself as a caring , approachable employer .
through the process described above , both parties will have a detailed understanding of the needs of each other and as a bonus , management will have [showed] itself as a caring , approachable employer .

As a nostalgic memento , it is proudly displayed in the Jugendstil -decorated shop .
as a nostalgic memento , it is proudly [showed] in the jugendstil -decorated shop .

The contrasts between the characters , — an uneducated but vivacious working girl and an aesthetic but austere playboy — are displayed by a tritely schematic design code .
the contrasts between the characters , — an uneducated but vivacious working girl and an aesthetic but austere playboy — are [showed] by a tritely schematic design code .

Only bands that displayed commitment and willingness to work hard were considered .
only bands that [showed] commitment and willingness to work hard were considered .

The social exclusivity of private education enables a distinct ‘ superior ’ culture to remain intact , and ensures that this world-view is displayed with the self-assurance and ‘ soundness ’ that is valued by those recruiting entrants to elite occupations ( the elite-educated spies Burgess and Maclean are notorious for having exploited this trust ) .
the social exclusivity of private education enables a distinct ‘ superior ’ culture to remain intact , and ensures that this world-view is [showed] with the self-assurance and ‘ soundness ’ that is valued by those recruiting entrants to elite occupations ( the elite-educated spies burgess and maclean are notorious for having exploited this trust ) .

The divisional inspector of lifeboats for Scotland South , Tony Course , said : ‘ The courage displayed in his willingness to undertake the dangerous passage is exemplary , and the skill and determination of all crew members during this arduous service is a lifeboat with a partially exposed wheelhouse are worthy of the highest praise . ’
the divisional inspector of lifeboats for scotland south , tony course , said : ‘ the courage [showed] in his willingness to undertake the dangerous passage is exemplary , and the skill and determination of all crew members during this arduous service is a lifeboat with a partially exposed wheelhouse are worthy of the highest praise . ’

Having appealed for prizes from local traders , 150 very attractive items ( all donated ) were displayed , and £289 was raised .
having appealed for prizes from local traders , 150 very attractive items ( all donated ) were [showed] , and £289 was raised .

Rhee had long displayed intolerance of dissent and his obsession with his mission to unite Korea under his leadership led him to equate criticism with treachery .
rhee had long [showed] intolerance of dissent and his obsession with his mission to unite korea under his leadership led him to equate criticism with treachery .

In a personal letter to Acheson , Jessup described MacArthur as being ‘ quite outraged ’ at the rejection of his own recommendations and at the recalcitrance displayed by the joint chiefs .
in a personal letter to acheson , jessup described macarthur as being ‘ quite outraged ’ at the rejection of his own recommendations and at the recalcitrance [showed] by the joint chiefs .

Meanwhile , Russia , and to a lesser degree Red China , must be looking on with considerable satisfaction at the indecision which is being displayed by the United States as regards her future treatment of Japan .
meanwhile , russia , and to a lesser degree red china , must be looking on with considerable satisfaction at the indecision which is being [showed] by the united states as regards her future treatment of japan .

The former ought to be more prominently displayed , the article says , so that patients are n't confused about whether they have been given a different type of medicine when collecting subsequent prescriptions .
the former ought to be more prominently [showed] , the article says , so that patients are n't confused about whether they have been given a different type of medicine when collecting subsequent prescriptions .

The Chelsea Gardener is perhaps the most sophisticated and design-conscious garden centre in town , where all the plants have been displayed in locations that suit their growing needs .
the chelsea gardener is perhaps the most sophisticated and design-conscious garden centre in town , where all the plants have been [showed] in locations that suit their growing needs .

What 's more , it 's best not to purchase a great wine , with another 10 or more years to wait before consumption , from a shop that has displayed it under bright light lights and in changing temperatures .
what 's more , it 's best not to purchase a great wine , with another 10 or more years to wait before consumption , from a shop that has [showed] it under bright light lights and in changing temperatures .

It will require the sort of active co-operation in peace that has been displayed in the war by the United Nations coalition .
it will require the sort of active co-operation in peace that has been [showed] in the war by the united nations coalition .

While no radical shift in the distribution of the British people at the macro-regional scale has occurred during the present century , the settlement pattern has displayed a dynamism that has proved difficult to forecast .
while no radical shift in the distribution of the british people at the macro-regional scale has occurred during the present century , the settlement pattern has [showed] a dynamism that has proved difficult to forecast .

Such a doctrine would be formally expressed late in the fifteenth century by Philippe de Commynes who displayed an unheroic attitude to war and a marked preference for diplomacy .
such a doctrine would be formally expressed late in the fifteenth century by philippe de commynes who [showed] an unheroic attitude to war and a marked preference for diplomacy .

The spongeware is displayed on a battered collection of dressers and shelves which suits its quirky rusticity .
the spongeware is [showed] on a battered collection of dressers and shelves which suits its quirky rusticity .

Coordinating upholstery work and curtain designs are displayed .
coordinating upholstery work and curtain designs are [showed] .

And they displayed the kind of fearlessness that only fanaticism confers .
and they [showed] the kind of fearlessness that only fanaticism confers .

In the meantime , Nestorian thought not only continued to survive elsewhere , but displayed an astonishing tenacity .
in the meantime , nestorian thought not only continued to survive elsewhere , but [showed] an astonishing tenacity .

The two samples displayed similar profiles in terms of sex , although the snowball user group had slightly more females .
the two samples [showed] similar profiles in terms of sex , although the snowball user group had slightly more females .

The heroin initiation patterns of this sample are quite similar to those displayed by the known sample with the exception of younger females .
the heroin initiation patterns of this sample are quite similar to those [showed] by the known sample with the exception of younger females .

During the campaign , which ran from 17 to 29 April , the city displayed posters mocking the ads of Marlboro , Camel , Gitanes and Gauloises .
during the campaign , which ran from 17 to 29 april , the city [showed] posters mocking the ads of marlboro , camel , gitanes and gauloises .

Once again this is a limited way of examining health in that we are assuming that the distribution of health is the inverse of the pattern displayed by morbidity .
once again this is a limited way of examining health in that we are assuming that the distribution of health is the inverse of the pattern [showed] by morbidity .

( 1986 ) report that 15 per cent of those aged 70+ living in two areas of South Wales displayed symptoms of anxiety .
( 1986 ) report that 15 per cent of those aged 70+ living in two areas of south wales [showed] symptoms of anxiety .

Unfortunately the conscientious student who reads the official reports will find no mention either of the Hotspur or of the Félicité and may naturally experience doubts as to whether there ever was a Captain Hornblower , but if he once accepts Hornblower 's existence he may at least agree that Hornblower 's action in this case displayed remarkable self-denial as well as the clarity of vision worthy of a hero of fiction .
unfortunately the conscientious student who reads the official reports will find no mention either of the hotspur or of the félicité and may naturally experience doubts as to whether there ever was a captain hornblower , but if he once accepts hornblower 's existence he may at least agree that hornblower 's action in this case [showed] remarkable self-denial as well as the clarity of vision worthy of a hero of fiction .

Novices who had been in the London Road End for at least a good part of one season displayed quite a detailed acquisition of social knowledge which was appropriate to correct conduct in the Rowdies .
novices who had been in the london road end for at least a good part of one season [showed] quite a detailed acquisition of social knowledge which was appropriate to correct conduct in the rowdies .

Secretly Diana 's parents were amused that their dutiful but docile daughter had displayed such spirit .
secretly diana 's parents were amused that their dutiful but docile daughter had [showed] such spirit .

which will clearly advertise themselves as a point of sale and the vouchers should then be displayed in the car windscreens .
which will clearly advertise themselves as a point of sale and the vouchers should then be [showed] in the car windscreens .

From here too visitors are ideally placed to discover the wealth of exclusive boutiques and designer names displayed all along the promenade .
from here too visitors are ideally placed to discover the wealth of exclusive boutiques and designer names [showed] all along the promenade .

Both Mr Lewin and Mr Howard had displayed what could be called courage , Mr Lewin by throwing a punch at his assailant and Mr Howard by pursuing him even though he was being shot at .
both mr lewin and mr howard had [showed] what could be called courage , mr lewin by throwing a punch at his assailant and mr howard by pursuing him even though he was being shot at .

The policy wordings displayed in Trove contain all the fixed text in each of the policies .
the policy wordings [showed] in trove contain all the fixed text in each of the policies .

Books of all kinds , from children 's books and cookery books to works on literature and philosophy were displayed amid paintings , works of art and furnishings , which combined to create a country house atmosphere , while a series of lectures explored related themes .
books of all kinds , from children 's books and cookery books to works on literature and philosophy were [showed] amid paintings , works of art and furnishings , which combined to create a country house atmosphere , while a series of lectures explored related themes .

Panel members commented on the skill displayed in handling difficult issues .
panel members commented on the skill [showed] in handling difficult issues .

These colour posters are being displayed in customers ' premises , local authorities , hospitals and schools .
these colour posters are being [showed] in customers ' premises , local authorities , hospitals and schools .

Should you agree to lend this item , it will be displayed in a locked exhibition case in our Exhibition Hall , with which you are familiar .
should you agree to lend this item , it will be [showed] in a locked exhibition case in our exhibition hall , with which you are familiar .

House rules were displayed in every bedroom in the 1920s .
house rules were [showed] in every bedroom in the 1920s .

these standards of service and the results achieved against them will be displayed in all Employment Service local offices .
these standards of service and the results achieved against them will be [showed] in all employment service local offices .

This requirement applies to almost all goods displayed including any displayed in a shop window or display .
this requirement applies to almost all goods [showed] including any [showed] in a shop window or display .

The main exemption relates to items of jewellery and precious metal which are displayed in a shop window and have a price in excess of 2,500 .
the main exemption relates to items of jewellery and precious metal which are [showed] in a shop window and have a price in excess of 2,500 .

He displayed a tendency to be out-manoeuvred in public situations .
he [showed] a tendency to be out-manoeuvred in public situations .

There is also a service at the Science & Engineering campus with opening times displayed .
there is also a service at the science & engineering campus with opening times [showed] .

The cab driver who now displayed a big black muscular right arm about four feet long , curtained by torn Lycra and ribbons of human flesh .
the cab driver who now [showed] a big black muscular right arm about four feet long , curtained by torn lycra and ribbons of human flesh .

Goods are framed and displayed to entice the customer , and shopping becomes an overtly symbolic event .
goods are framed and [showed] to entice the customer , and shopping becomes an overtly symbolic event .

Gloucester 's legal council accordingly displayed a marked northern bias , including among its members Guy Fairfax , Robert Danby , Richard Pygot , Miles Metcalfe and John Vavasour .
gloucester 's legal council accordingly [showed] a marked northern bias , including among its members guy fairfax , robert danby , richard pygot , miles metcalfe and john vavasour .

The two dimensional images were displayed at the time of acquisition and simultaneously stored into computer hard disc memory by an array processor .
the two dimensional images were [showed] at the time of acquisition and simultaneously stored into computer hard disc memory by an array processor .

Images could then be viewed as still sequences ( Fig 1 ) or displayed as a continuous real or accelerated sequence or ‘ movie ’ loop , or parts , or of the whole study .
images could then be viewed as still sequences ( fig 1 ) or [showed] as a continuous real or accelerated sequence or ‘ movie ’ loop , or parts , or of the whole study .

Entire crypts are rarely displayed on single sections .
entire crypts are rarely [showed] on single sections .

Parts are missing owing to damage by fire and water , but the existing remains are beautifully displayed and in magnificent condition .
parts are missing owing to damage by fire and water , but the existing remains are beautifully [showed] and in magnificent condition .

Boxplots , showing median , interquartile range , and extreme values , are useful for quantitative outcome variables , especially when broken down by explanatory strata and displayed together .
boxplots , showing median , interquartile range , and extreme values , are useful for quantitative outcome variables , especially when broken down by explanatory strata and [showed] together .

Serum beta-carotene ( as geometric means ) is displayed for nine strata , corresponding to combinations of country of birth and smoking status of 750 subjects .
serum beta-carotene ( as geometric means ) is [showed] for nine strata , corresponding to combinations of country of birth and smoking status of 750 subjects .

Genetic markers , phenotypes , and haplotypes can be displayed .
genetic markers , phenotypes , and haplotypes can be [showed] .

What was more , his posters were displayed on every available space on the walls , and on fancy artists ' easels here and there between the cars .
what was more , his posters were [showed] on every available space on the walls , and on fancy artists ' easels here and there between the cars .

Already that morning she had drunk more than the weekly average for women she 'd noticed displayed on a chart in the Summertown Health Centre waiting-room .
already that morning she had drunk more than the weekly average for women she 'd noticed [showed] on a chart in the summertown health centre waiting-room .

The jewel was almost in his grasp ; almost about to be displayed and photographed and written up in all the right journals : a jewel he himself had traced , and one he 'd worked so hard to get donated to the Ashmolean .
the jewel was almost in his grasp ; almost about to be [showed] and photographed and written up in all the right journals : a jewel he himself had traced , and one he 'd worked so hard to get donated to the ashmolean .

The world as they knew it was displayed around and about .
the world as they knew it was [showed] around and about .

Crafted with loving care , and precisely detailed , the model displayed a delightful semi-rural community .
crafted with loving care , and precisely detailed , the model [showed] a delightful semi-rural community .

’ The daddy displayed another sheet of paper and handed it to him .
’ the daddy [showed] another sheet of paper and handed it to him .

The driver displayed his bandaged fingers .
the driver [showed] his bandaged fingers .

the version number ; if ‘ none ’ is displayed , no module of that name was found in the primary directory or a preferred version of a module was selected .
the version number ; if ‘ none ’ is [showed] , no module of that name was found in the primary directory or a preferred version of a module was selected .

the entry file specification ; if the filename of the module in the primary directory is different from the destination file specification , the entry filename will be displayed here , otherwise the field will be left blank .
the entry file specification ; if the filename of the module in the primary directory is different from the destination file specification , the entry filename will be [showed] here , otherwise the field will be left blank .

If the information entered into any field is invalid , an error message will be displayed at the foot of the page .
if the information entered into any field is invalid , an error message will be [showed] at the foot of the page .

If any information has been entered incorrectly , an appropriate error message will be displayed and the cursor will move to the field in error .
if any information has been entered incorrectly , an appropriate error message will be [showed] and the cursor will move to the field in error .

will be displayed and the cursor will stay on the field to be completed .
will be [showed] and the cursor will stay on the field to be completed .

Data is entered by filling in displayed forms
data is entered by filling in [showed] forms

Help text is arranged in a series of levels from brief prompts displayed on the current page to , in some cases , subsequent levels containing several screens of information , guidance and explanation .
help text is arranged in a series of levels from brief prompts [showed] on the current page to , in some cases , subsequent levels containing several screens of information , guidance and explanation .

In cases where there is more information than can be displayed on a single screen , scrolling facilities are provided for the relevant section of the table .
in cases where there is more information than can be [showed] on a single screen , scrolling facilities are provided for the relevant section of the table .

Increasingly detailed help pages will be displayed if the key is pressed several more times ; the complete screen will be used for these , temporarily replacing the original page .
increasingly detailed help pages will be [showed] if the key is pressed several more times ; the complete screen will be used for these , temporarily replacing the original page .

When a media item is to be mounted , its identifier will be displayed .
when a media item is to be mounted , its identifier will be [showed] .

Module images are produced in pages as in a computer listing , but are ordered and displayed differently according to the media type chosen , and the settings in the configuration file , as described later . There are three types of media which can be used with the hard copy system :
module images are produced in pages as in a computer listing , but are ordered and [showed] differently according to the media type chosen , and the settings in the configuration file , as described later . there are three types of media which can be used with the hard copy system :

Also if an unknown charge code is entered an error will be displayed and the prompt will again be re-displayed .
also if an unknown charge code is entered an error will be [showed] and the prompt will again be re-displayed .

will be displayed and the cursor will move to the first field in error .
will be [showed] and the cursor will move to the first field in error .

will be displayed and the cursor will move to the field to be completed .
will be [showed] and the cursor will move to the field to be completed .

An error message will be displayed if the user enters the title of a Product which has no associated package .
an error message will be [showed] if the user enters the title of a product which has no associated package .

The page allows information to be entered and displayed on the screen .
the page allows information to be entered and [showed] on the screen .

Any invalid information which is entered into the fields causes an asterisk ( * ) to be displayed beside the field .
any invalid information which is entered into the fields causes an asterisk ( * ) to be [showed] beside the field .

If you return to this field , an error message is displayed at the foot of the screen .
if you return to this field , an error message is [showed] at the foot of the screen .

The screen is cleared , and all fields currently marked as displayed are re-displayed .
the screen is cleared , and all fields currently marked as [showed] are re-displayed .

Only 7 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 7 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

An error code will be displayed in this column if any invalid information has been entered and an error message will be displayed at the foot of the page .
an error code will be [showed] in this column if any invalid information has been entered and an error message will be [showed] at the foot of the page .

The name of the package to be displayed .
the name of the package to be [showed] .

Only 10 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 10 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

All the modules contained in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .
all the modules contained in a package can be [showed] , up to a maximum of 30 .

Only 7 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 7 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

All the modules contained in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .
all the modules contained in a package can be [showed] , up to a maximum of 30 .

An error code will be displayed in this column if any invalid information has been entered and an error message will be displayed at the foot of the page .
an error code will be [showed] in this column if any invalid information has been entered and an error message will be [showed] at the foot of the page .

If any modules are offline , the time to the next scheduled online/offline run will be displayed and all modules will only be read out when the offline modules within the package come back online .
if any modules are offline , the time to the next scheduled online/offline run will be [showed] and all modules will only be read out when the offline modules within the package come back online .

Only 7 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 7 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

All the modules contained in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .
all the modules contained in a package can be [showed] , up to a maximum of 30 .

If any modules being read out are offline , the time to the next scheduled online/offline run will be displayed and all selected modules will only be read out when the offline modules within the package come back online .
if any modules being read out are offline , the time to the next scheduled online/offline run will be [showed] and all selected modules will only be read out when the offline modules within the package come back online .

When you first select this option , the Read From Root Package — Current Package Contents page will be displayed .
when you first select this option , the read from root package — current package contents page will be [showed] .

If these are valid and you have access to the package , the modules contained in this package will be displayed in the scrolled area .
if these are valid and you have access to the package , the modules contained in this package will be [showed] in the scrolled area .

Only 5 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 5 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

All the modules contained in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .
all the modules contained in a package can be [showed] , up to a maximum of 30 .

If any selected modules are offline , the time to the next scheduled online/offline run will be displayed and all selected modules will only be read out when the offline modules within the package come back online .
if any selected modules are offline , the time to the next scheduled online/offline run will be [showed] and all selected modules will only be read out when the offline modules within the package come back online .

When all the packages have been processed , an appropriate message will be displayed .
when all the packages have been processed , an appropriate message will be [showed] .

Only 11 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 11 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

Only 7 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 7 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

In each case the Module Name , Issue and Filename are displayed .
in each case the module name , issue and filename are [showed] .

If you do not have the authority to enter the new version of the package then the following message will be displayed :
if you do not have the authority to enter the new version of the package then the following message will be [showed] :

Following the scan , the module name will be displayed .
following the scan , the module name will be [showed] .

If the scan fails , any detected errors will be displayed in the scrolled area , as illustrated in figure 5.12 .
if the scan fails , any detected errors will be [showed] in the scrolled area , as illustrated in figure 5.12 .

Only 5 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 5 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

When you first select this option , the Prepare Package For Approval page will be displayed .
when you first select this option , the prepare package for approval page will be [showed] .

If acceptable , the Approval Modules will be displayed which will show whether the package is in a state to be approved .
if acceptable , the approval modules will be [showed] which will show whether the package is in a state to be approved .

Only 10 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 10 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

All the modules contained in a package can be displayed , up to a maximum of 30 .
all the modules contained in a package can be [showed] , up to a maximum of 30 .

Once the details of the module have been displayed , you may change :
once the details of the module have been [showed] , you may change :

The following will also be displayed but may not be changed :
the following will also be [showed] but may not be changed :

Only 9 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 9 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

Only 9 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 9 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

Only 9 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 9 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

When you select this option , the first page will be displayed to obtain the name of the package for the operation .
when you select this option , the first page will be [showed] to obtain the name of the package for the operation .

If the package name is acceptable , the identifiers and titles of any DCs currently active on this package will be displayed in the scrolled area .
if the package name is acceptable , the identifiers and titles of any dcs currently active on this package will be [showed] in the scrolled area .

The name of the package specified on the previous page and the number of additional DCs which can be added will be displayed above the scrolled area , for information only .
the name of the package specified on the previous page and the number of additional dcs which can be added will be [showed] above the scrolled area , for information only .

Only 9 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 9 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

Only 6 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 6 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

Only 9 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 9 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

The first and last issue numbers to which the SPRs apply are also displayed .
the first and last issue numbers to which the sprs apply are also [showed] .

Only 9 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 9 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

An error code will be displayed in the Error column if any invalid information has been entered ( for example , invalid mark ) .
an error code will be [showed] in the error column if any invalid information has been entered ( for example , invalid mark ) .

Only 9 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 9 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

The first and last issue numbers to which the SSRs apply are also displayed .
the first and last issue numbers to which the ssrs apply are also [showed] .

Only 10 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 10 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

Only 10 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 10 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

Only 10 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 10 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

The list of mail titles will be displayed for you ( ordered by oldest message first ) .
the list of mail titles will be [showed] for you ( ordered by oldest message first ) .

Only 10 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 10 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

Only 10 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 10 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

The list of mail titles will be displayed for you ( ordered by oldest message first ) .
the list of mail titles will be [showed] for you ( ordered by oldest message first ) .

Only 10 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 10 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

Only 10 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 10 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

The list of mail titles will be displayed for you ( ordered by oldest message first ) .
the list of mail titles will be [showed] for you ( ordered by oldest message first ) .

Only 10 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 10 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

If there are more than 25 ascendants , enter the last displayed ascendant in the user name field to reveal the other ascendants .
if there are more than 25 ascendants , enter the last [showed] ascendant in the user name field to reveal the other ascendants .

If there are more than 25 descendants , enter the last displayed descendant in the user name filed to reveal the other descendants .
if there are more than 25 descendants , enter the last [showed] descendant in the user name filed to reveal the other descendants .

If an invalid date or a date in the past is entered , an error message will be displayed and you will be requested to correct the input .
if an invalid date or a date in the past is entered , an error message will be [showed] and you will be requested to correct the input .

Only 10 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 10 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

This can be an estimate or a calculation based on the actual workload of the Offline System , displayed by option 9.8.0 .
this can be an estimate or a calculation based on the actual workload of the offline system , [showed] by option 9.8.0 .

You can also enter a new media item into one of the uninitialised items which has not been displayed ( because it occurs between two initialised items ) by typing its number in the Start identifier field .
you can also enter a new media item into one of the uninitialised items which has not been [showed] ( because it occurs between two initialised items ) by typing its number in the start identifier field .

Only 9 lines can be displayed at any given time .
only 9 lines can be [showed] at any given time .

Any media items for which you previously entered information will be displayed at the top of the list , but any uninitialised items within this set will not be displayed .
any media items for which you previously entered information will be [showed] at the top of the list , but any uninitialised items within this set will not be [showed] .

An error code will be displayed in the Error column if any invalid information has been entered ( for example , the use of an invalid type of media ar an invalid state transition ) and an error message will be displayed at the foot of the page .
an error code will be [showed] in the error column if any invalid information has been entered ( for example , the use of an invalid type of media ar an invalid state transition ) and an error message will be [showed] at the foot of the page .

An error code will be displayed in the Error column if any invalid information has been entered ( for example , the use of an invalid Op Type ) , and an error message will be displayed at the foot of the page .
an error code will be [showed] in the error column if any invalid information has been entered ( for example , the use of an invalid op type ) , and an error message will be [showed] at the foot of the page .

An error code will be displayed in the Error column if any invalid information has been entered ( for example , the use of an invalid Approx Blocks value ) , and an error message will be displayed at the foot of the page .
an error code will be [showed] in the error column if any invalid information has been entered ( for example , the use of an invalid approx blocks value ) , and an error message will be [showed] at the foot of the page .

The location within a display page on which a single item of information is displayed or input .
the location within a display page on which a single item of information is [showed] or input .

There is still more information which could not be displayed on the screen due to size limitations .
there is still more information which could not be [showed] on the screen due to size limitations .

There are still more products which could not be displayed on the screen due to size limitations .
there are still more products which could not be [showed] on the screen due to size limitations .

There are still more Software Performance Reports ( SPRs ) which could not be displayed on the screen due to size limitations .
there are still more software performance reports ( sprs ) which could not be [showed] on the screen due to size limitations .

There are still more Software Status Reports ( SSRs ) which could not be displayed on the screen due to size limitations .
there are still more software status reports ( ssrs ) which could not be [showed] on the screen due to size limitations .

There is still more data available which could not be displayed on the screen due to size limitations .
there is still more data available which could not be [showed] on the screen due to size limitations .

This message is displayed to inform you of the mail identifier for the preceeding transaction .
this message is [showed] to inform you of the mail identifier for the preceeding transaction .

This will generate an ‘ Offline Workload ’ , which can be displayed using option 9.8.0 .
this will generate an ‘ offline workload ’ , which can be [showed] using option 9.8.0 .

The directory output will be displayed on the ‘ Operator Terminal ’ .
the directory output will be [showed] on the ‘ operator terminal ’ .

Action : Module is password protected and can not be displayed for this user
action : module is password protected and can not be [showed] for this user

Action : The selected module is of type Foreign and can not be displayed
action : the selected module is of type foreign and can not be [showed]

Together they 've got the attitude that comes with being a young band who 've just spent the last month in the studio recording an album , tentatively called ‘ Revelation/s ’ , which will more than fulfil the potential they displayed earlier this year when — along with the likes of near neighbours Ride ( both originally come from Oxford ) and Teenage Fanclub — they were seen as the frontrunners of the rising young guitar bands .
together they 've got the attitude that comes with being a young band who 've just spent the last month in the studio recording an album , tentatively called ‘ revelation/s ’ , which will more than fulfil the potential they [showed] earlier this year when — along with the likes of near neighbours ride ( both originally come from oxford ) and teenage fanclub — they were seen as the frontrunners of the rising young guitar bands .

That cocky self belief and confident granite core — as displayed by Tim and Martin , respectively — keeps The Charlatans bang on course .
that cocky self belief and confident granite core — as [showed] by tim and martin , respectively — keeps the charlatans bang on course .

Whether of the early Imperial centuries or from the later periods of the fourth and fifth centuries , Aphrodisian portrait sculpture stands out among the best , especially in the intensity displayed by the late-Roman physiognomies .
whether of the early imperial centuries or from the later periods of the fourth and fifth centuries , aphrodisian portrait sculpture stands out among the best , especially in the intensity [showed] by the late-roman physiognomies .

When all the bonds are fully displayed , the formula is called a displayed formula .
when all the bonds are fully [showed] , the formula is called a [showed] formula .

However , they can be found by application of Hess 's law : As usual , the relationship between these three enthalpies can be displayed in the form of an enthalpy diagram ( see figure 5.15 ) .
however , they can be found by application of hess 's law : as usual , the relationship between these three enthalpies can be [showed] in the form of an enthalpy diagram ( see figure 5.15 ) .

Subjects gave yes and no responses as to whether a specific item appeared in a memory set of varying size displayed on a computer using a within subjects design .
subjects gave yes and no responses as to whether a specific item appeared in a memory set of varying size [showed] on a computer using a within subjects design .

Fabrics and carpets are displayed in the spacious interior of the London Showroom .
fabrics and carpets are [showed] in the spacious interior of the london showroom .

The , main basket this year , which was displayed on a stand , won the couple second place in another local competition and contained trailing geraniums .
the , main basket this year , which was [showed] on a stand , won the couple second place in another local competition and contained trailing geraniums .

Other areas are a blaze of colour as spot lights illuminate a vast choice of customer designs displayed on wall units .
other areas are a blaze of colour as spot lights illuminate a vast choice of customer designs [showed] on wall units .

’ The carpets , together with a Chenille loom and a selection of valuable hand painting carpet designs , will be displayed in an area representing Glasgow 's industrial heritage of which the well-known Templeton 's factory played a significant part .
’ the carpets , together with a chenille loom and a selection of valuable hand painting carpet designs , will be [showed] in an area representing glasgow 's industrial heritage of which the well-known templeton 's factory played a significant part .

Stoddards Carpets Ltd. were appointed as Royal Warrant holders in 1966 and since then the crest has always been displayed whenever possible .
stoddards carpets ltd. were appointed as royal warrant holders in 1966 and since then the crest has always been [showed] whenever possible .

Occasionally a customer will express doubts about the selling of such specimens when they should , perhaps be displayed in museums .
occasionally a customer will express doubts about the selling of such specimens when they should , perhaps be [showed] in museums .

The drug cartels , in a letter to congressional president Luis Guillermo Giraldo Hurtado on Oct. 23 , 1989 , under their pseudonym the `` Extraditables `` , displayed previous knowledge of the Supreme Court 's ruling and asked for its recognition as part of a peace plan rejected by the government who reaffirmed that emergency extraditions would continue .
the drug cartels , in a letter to congressional president luis guillermo giraldo hurtado on oct. 23 , 1989 , under their pseudonym the `` extraditables `` , [showed] previous knowledge of the supreme court 's ruling and asked for its recognition as part of a peace plan rejected by the government who reaffirmed that emergency extraditions would continue .

The government showed its new military capabilities at the independence anniversary celebrations on Oct. 1 , 1989 , when Franco-German anti-tank missiles and French Mistral portable ground-to-air missiles were displayed for the first time .
the government showed its new military capabilities at the independence anniversary celebrations on oct. 1 , 1989 , when franco-german anti-tank missiles and french mistral portable ground-to-air missiles were [showed] for the first time .

Negotiations were opened with the Prime Minister ( Chand ) on April 15 , but the parties displayed their discontent with the slow progress by sending only junior officials to the meeting .
negotiations were opened with the prime minister ( chand ) on april 15 , but the parties [showed] their discontent with the slow progress by sending only junior officials to the meeting .

The North Korean spokesman , An Byong Su , the vice-chairman of the Committee for the Reunification of the Fatherland , echoed this view , suggesting that both delegations had displayed attitudes in direct contrast to the confrontational perspectives of the past .
the north korean spokesman , an byong su , the vice-chairman of the committee for the reunification of the fatherland , echoed this view , suggesting that both delegations had [showed] attitudes in direct contrast to the confrontational perspectives of the past .

The Investigation or Enquiry Time — 1787 : ( five years after the poster is displayed ) Three customs and excise officers have " disappeared " ; we are trying to find out what has happened to them .
the investigation or enquiry time — 1787 : ( five years after the poster is [showed] ) three customs and excise officers have " disappeared " ; we are trying to find out what has happened to them .

But Washington soon displayed more political sensitivity than London , especially with regard to the role of Iraq .
but washington soon [showed] more political sensitivity than london , especially with regard to the role of iraq .

Curtis had ended his call by suggesting that a Triad involvement would explain the apparent fanaticism and brutality displayed by the sect heavies , and warning his old friend to be careful .
curtis had ended his call by suggesting that a triad involvement would explain the apparent fanaticism and brutality [showed] by the sect heavies , and warning his old friend to be careful .

’ As soon as he had spoken , Grant could have bitten his tongue off , realising his words displayed weakness .
’ as soon as he had spoken , grant could have bitten his tongue off , realising his words [showed] weakness .

There is a lot of anxiety displayed by handicap golfers when they try to use a driver .
there is a lot of anxiety [showed] by handicap golfers when they try to use a driver .

Two ‘ Drug and Doping Control ’ signs which should be displayed appropriately at testing occasions .
two ‘ drug and doping control ’ signs which should be [showed] appropriately at testing occasions .

Your gift will arrive in this special envelope with your name and your friend 's name displayed .
your gift will arrive in this special envelope with your name and your friend 's name [showed] .

She displayed no interest in any of the social events he said he was going to and wondered if he might see her at .
she [showed] no interest in any of the social events he said he was going to and wondered if he might see her at .

Sheriff Irvine Smith has again displayed to us through the cases themselves and through his own deft and inhumane commentary , the continuing mores of the Scottish nation .
sheriff irvine smith has again [showed] to us through the cases themselves and through his own deft and inhumane commentary , the continuing mores of the scottish nation .

One security source said : ‘ Whether it is one man or two or even three , they have displayed a knowledge of rifle fire targeting .
one security source said : ‘ whether it is one man or two or even three , they have [showed] a knowledge of rifle fire targeting .

During the trial a witness described seeing bodies ‘ stacked like dominoes ’ amid the rubble but the cold-hearted killer from the Bogside defiantly displayed no remorse when arrested for mass murder in 1983 .
during the trial a witness described seeing bodies ‘ stacked like dominoes ’ amid the rubble but the cold-hearted killer from the bogside defiantly [showed] no remorse when arrested for mass murder in 1983 .

Players from both teams will be the first to have their names displayed on shirts for a major Wembley final .
players from both teams will be the first to have their names [showed] on shirts for a major wembley final .

As the championship progressed it was fairly obvious that England 's magnificent Grand Slamming run was coming to an end , not because of the passion and pride displayed by Wales and Ireland , but the fact that some of the England veterans are undoubtedly past their shelf life .
as the championship progressed it was fairly obvious that england 's magnificent grand slamming run was coming to an end , not because of the passion and pride [showed] by wales and ireland , but the fact that some of the england veterans are undoubtedly past their shelf life .

Belfast 's Roy Blackstock and Lorraine Aiken took the Latin American title and on their displayed form have a freewheeling , downhill run home to yet another All-Ireland title .
belfast 's roy blackstock and lorraine aiken took the latin american title and on their [showed] form have a freewheeling , downhill run home to yet another all-ireland title .

Kempton would have liked to have ridden Foinavon in the National himself but displayed loyalty to his owners on two counts — his minimum riding weight of 10 stone 10 pounds would put him 10 pounds overweight ; and he had another horse running at Worcester .
kempton would have liked to have ridden foinavon in the national himself but [showed] loyalty to his owners on two counts — his minimum riding weight of 10 stone 10 pounds would put him 10 pounds overweight ; and he had another horse running at worcester .

Information is available within the four gardens , ie the public can pick up leaflets , copies of ‘ The Botanics ’ and posters are displayed on noticeboards .
information is available within the four gardens , ie the public can pick up leaflets , copies of ‘ the botanics ’ and posters are [showed] on noticeboards .

Thus in Cantabria , in northern Spain , there is a clearly displayed angular unconformity at this level , followed by thick conglomerates .
thus in cantabria , in northern spain , there is a clearly [showed] angular unconformity at this level , followed by thick conglomerates .

Time consuming and costly negotiations on pay settlements can be over and done with in hours instead of weeks , as each proposal is fed into the model and the implications displayed immediately for further discussion .
time consuming and costly negotiations on pay settlements can be over and done with in hours instead of weeks , as each proposal is fed into the model and the implications [showed] immediately for further discussion .

If the staff number was entered , the first screen displayed would be the Personnel Data screen .
if the staff number was entered , the first screen [showed] would be the personnel data screen .

If the namecode was entered then either the Personnel Data screen would be displayed , if only one employee matched the namecode , or a selection screen showing the name , department , date of joining and staff number of those employees with that particular namecode .
if the namecode was entered then either the personnel data screen would be [showed] , if only one employee matched the namecode , or a selection screen showing the name , department , date of joining and staff number of those employees with that particular namecode .

Additionally , certain screens could only be accessed through the enquiry option because the data displayed could not , and should not , be directly amended .
additionally , certain screens could only be accessed through the enquiry option because the data [showed] could not , and should not , be directly amended .

The batch screen options could be displayed by entering a week ending date .
the batch screen options could be [showed] by entering a week ending date .

Pay , grade , hours and job title are displayed on the Personal Data Screen , but are , in fact , first entered on the system on the next screen which is the Salary Job History Screen .
pay , grade , hours and job title are [showed] on the personal data screen , but are , in fact , first entered on the system on the next screen which is the salary job history screen .

One feature of the absence screens is that sick pay and absence entitlements are displayed .
one feature of the absence screens is that sick pay and absence entitlements are [showed] .

It was a disappointment not having children , but there were millions of couples who did n't have children , and of course there were far worse things than that , as the war had just displayed .
it was a disappointment not having children , but there were millions of couples who did n't have children , and of course there were far worse things than that , as the war had just [showed] .

No matter how tedious she was in other ways , he had always assumed that it was n't in her nature to be coarse , and certainly she 'd never displayed evidence of the inclination .
no matter how tedious she was in other ways , he had always assumed that it was n't in her nature to be coarse , and certainly she 'd never [showed] evidence of the inclination .

After buying fresh bread she had gone on to the fish market where boxes full of melting ice displayed what was left of the morning 's catch , much of which she did n't recognise .
after buying fresh bread she had gone on to the fish market where boxes full of melting ice [showed] what was left of the morning 's catch , much of which she did n't recognise .

Five Doric capitals and bases were recorded in the nineteenth century , while several re-used blocks were found in 1957 in the foundations of the northwest tower ; these blocks displayed cramp holes unrelated to the adjacent stones , and one at least was an elaborately moulded part of a plinth .
five doric capitals and bases were recorded in the nineteenth century , while several re-used blocks were found in 1957 in the foundations of the northwest tower ; these blocks [showed] cramp holes unrelated to the adjacent stones , and one at least was an elaborately moulded part of a plinth .

Displayed notices
[showed] notices

Thus the notice must be reasonably large and prominently displayed at a spot visible to the buyer when the contract is made .
thus the notice must be reasonably large and prominently [showed] at a spot visible to the buyer when the contract is made .

The usual method of incorporation is for the exemption terms to be set out in printed conditions which are commonly attached to or referred to in the auction catalogue and copies of which are usually displayed on the premises .
the usual method of incorporation is for the exemption terms to be set out in printed conditions which are commonly attached to or referred to in the auction catalogue and copies of which are usually [showed] on the premises .

He lacked the apparent knowledge , or confidence in the political verities displayed by what he saw as the heavyweight end of the editorial group , and friction occasionally surfaced .
he lacked the apparent knowledge , or confidence in the political verities [showed] by what he saw as the heavyweight end of the editorial group , and friction occasionally surfaced .

In an alcove a shelf displayed objects made in various woods ; she recognised a rosewood apple , a walnut bottle , a limewood fir cone .
in an alcove a shelf [showed] objects made in various woods ; she recognised a rosewood apple , a walnut bottle , a limewood fir cone .

This message is displayed on the screen telling any passers by where you are .
this message is [showed] on the screen telling any passers by where you are .

Ikonize is a screen capture utility specifically designed to allow you to cut up pieces of displayed graphics and use them for Windows icons .
ikonize is a screen capture utility specifically designed to allow you to cut up pieces of [showed] graphics and use them for windows icons .

When a search is completed up to twelve small images will be displayed on the lower area of the screen , you can then choose the one you want and enlarge it so that it appears on the screen together with any relevant background information .
when a search is completed up to twelve small images will be [showed] on the lower area of the screen , you can then choose the one you want and enlarge it so that it appears on the screen together with any relevant background information .

This , of course , happens so quickly that it appears that the letters are displayed as a direct mechanical response to the keypress .
this , of course , happens so quickly that it appears that the letters are [showed] as a direct mechanical response to the keypress .

Bear in mind that at this stage neither the letters displayed on the screen , nor the text stored in the computer 's memory are permanent .
bear in mind that at this stage neither the letters [showed] on the screen , nor the text stored in the computer 's memory are permanent .

The tab , however , although not displayed is still in its original position on the line above the paragraph .
the tab , however , although not [showed] is still in its original position on the line above the paragraph .

The Program List area of your DOSShell screen will be divided in two with a new Active Task List heading displayed .
the program list area of your dosshell screen will be divided in two with a new active task list heading [showed] .

The resolution dictates the number of lines of text that are displayed on the screen at the same time .
the resolution dictates the number of lines of text that are [showed] on the screen at the same time .

When the Enable Task Swapper option is selected , an Active Task List window is displayed .
when the enable task swapper option is selected , an active task list window is [showed] .

The Prodraw write up started neither on page 70 , as heralded on the front cover , nor on page 79 , as displayed within the menu but on page 78. 3 .
the prodraw write up started neither on page 70 , as heralded on the front cover , nor on page 79 , as [showed] within the menu but on page 78. 3 .

This is displayed as a set of real time gauges which show disk capacity , compression ration and fragmentation levels , so you can spot any problems with your disk early .
this is [showed] as a set of real time gauges which show disk capacity , compression ration and fragmentation levels , so you can spot any problems with your disk early .

The card is equipped with 1 megabyte of VideoRAM which allows up to 32,000 colours to be displayed .
the card is equipped with 1 megabyte of videoram which allows up to 32,000 colours to be [showed] .

When the mouse cursor enters this menu bar the main menu is displayed which controls the 19 primary functions of MegaCAD .
when the mouse cursor enters this menu bar the main menu is [showed] which controls the 19 primary functions of megacad .

The main drawback of the compose screen is that only two staves are displayed at any one time and it is not possible to smoothly scroll across the page which is divided into set sections .
the main drawback of the compose screen is that only two staves are [showed] at any one time and it is not possible to smoothly scroll across the page which is divided into set sections .

From this screen it is also possible to select which instruments are printed on the score , displayed on the screen and those required as separate printed parts .
from this screen it is also possible to select which instruments are printed on the score , [showed] on the screen and those required as separate printed parts .

If you double click on one of the font names a sample is displayed on the screen .
if you double click on one of the font names a sample is [showed] on the screen .

The help text is displayed in a notebook type screen in which you can scroll through the items , mark passages of text for easy retrieval with a ‘ bookmark ’ or add extra comments of your own .
the help text is [showed] in a notebook type screen in which you can scroll through the items , mark passages of text for easy retrieval with a ‘ bookmark ’ or add extra comments of your own .

Only properties that can be given to the selected object are displayed .
only properties that can be given to the selected object are [showed] .

This is due to to the use of a special microlouvre film , which only allows the person seated directly in front of it to see the information displayed on the computer 's monitor .
this is due to to the use of a special microlouvre film , which only allows the person seated directly in front of it to see the information [showed] on the computer 's monitor .

This is due to the use of a special microlouvre film , which only allows the person seated directly in front of it to see the information displayed on the computer 's monitor .
this is due to the use of a special microlouvre film , which only allows the person seated directly in front of it to see the information [showed] on the computer 's monitor .

The program is easy to use with help being displayed constantly on screen .
the program is easy to use with help being [showed] constantly on screen .

Double click on the ‘ Applications ’ icon to open the Applications window and all the installed application icons will be displayed .
double click on the ‘ applications ’ icon to open the applications window and all the installed application icons will be [showed] .

If you prefer the individual icons to be displayed but there is not enough room on screen , remember that the Windows desktop is far greater than the size of the screen .
if you prefer the individual icons to be [showed] but there is not enough room on screen , remember that the windows desktop is far greater than the size of the screen .

This can be saved to disk , displayed on your computer or included in documents .
this can be saved to disk , [showed] on your computer or included in documents .

The resultant data is then merged by the software to produce the digitised colour images displayed on your screen .
the resultant data is then merged by the software to produce the digitised colour images [showed] on your screen .

Each video grab is displayed in the icon boxes and can be displayed in the main screen simply by clicking on the box .
each video grab is [showed] in the icon boxes and can be [showed] in the main screen simply by clicking on the box .

An elderly female novelist had come in at a quarter to six and Penelope had found herself trying to explain why her latest novel had not been reviewed in the Sunday Telegraph , why it had not been advertised more widely , why copies had not been displayed on the bookstall of a friend 's local station , why it had not yet been reprinted .
an elderly female novelist had come in at a quarter to six and penelope had found herself trying to explain why her latest novel had not been reviewed in the sunday telegraph , why it had not been advertised more widely , why copies had not been [showed] on the bookstall of a friend 's local station , why it had not yet been reprinted .

He had been dismayed , almost horrified , when she had opened the front door a crack and displayed herself pale and ill and obviously in need of cherishing .
he had been dismayed , almost horrified , when she had opened the front door a crack and [showed] herself pale and ill and obviously in need of cherishing .

The same could not be said of his companion — a tall , ravishing blonde with almond-shaped eyes and legs that went on forever , displayed to stunning effect in a little black figure-hugging dress that ended several inches above her knees .
the same could not be said of his companion — a tall , ravishing blonde with almond-shaped eyes and legs that went on forever , [showed] to stunning effect in a little black figure-hugging dress that ended several inches above her knees .

He came and stood behind her , staring over her shoulder at the screen , frowning darkly at the columns of figures displayed .
he came and stood behind her , staring over her shoulder at the screen , frowning darkly at the columns of figures [showed] .

Little wonder Suzie had fallen in love with this modern city which proudly displayed so much of its past — or was it the shadowy Svend who had really captured her sister 's heart ?
little wonder suzie had fallen in love with this modern city which proudly [showed] so much of its past — or was it the shadowy svend who had really captured her sister 's heart ?

The early Machines , revived , rediscovered and about to be displayed by the book section of the Victoria and Albert Museum , are simple .
the early machines , revived , rediscovered and about to be [showed] by the book section of the victoria and albert museum , are simple .

Yet , in a somewhat art-y place like Freud 's which recently displayed the photographic work of Jane Ralley , the solitary wild-eyed scribbler was not too out of place ; but then , judging by the subject of half of the photographs in the show , the owner could count on this crowd to retain its sophisticated bonhomie in the face of far more deliberate provocation .
yet , in a somewhat art-y place like freud 's which recently [showed] the photographic work of jane ralley , the solitary wild-eyed scribbler was not too out of place ; but then , judging by the subject of half of the photographs in the show , the owner could count on this crowd to retain its sophisticated bonhomie in the face of far more deliberate provocation .

The musical analogy is one to which she herself alludes : her interest in jazz is displayed in the constant movement of forms which allow the viewer 's eye no rest and in her references to urban popular culture , particularly in the ‘ Coney Island ’ series .
the musical analogy is one to which she herself alludes : her interest in jazz is [showed] in the constant movement of forms which allow the viewer 's eye no rest and in her references to urban popular culture , particularly in the ‘ coney island ’ series .

But the Royal Fort as a house , or to be more precise a suite of reception rooms added to an older complex , has something of much greater imaginative reach than a mere froth of writhing plaster feather-work and gilding such as London 's lost Chesterfield House once displayed .
but the royal fort as a house , or to be more precise a suite of reception rooms added to an older complex , has something of much greater imaginative reach than a mere froth of writhing plaster feather-work and gilding such as london 's lost chesterfield house once [showed] .

In addition to such new network technology , there are also techniques of solving band width problems by compressing data before transferring it and decompressing it afterwards so that it can be displayed in its entirety for the information user .
in addition to such new network technology , there are also techniques of solving band width problems by compressing data before transferring it and decompressing it afterwards so that it can be [showed] in its entirety for the information user .

Video and other images can be captured , manipulated and displayed in real time .
video and other images can be captured , manipulated and [showed] in real time .

Examination of the mechanical behaviour shows that there are five distinguishable states in which a linear amorphous polymer can exist and these are readily displayed if a parameter such as the elastic modulus is measured over a range of temperatures .
examination of the mechanical behaviour shows that there are five distinguishable states in which a linear amorphous polymer can exist and these are readily [showed] if a parameter such as the elastic modulus is measured over a range of temperatures .

Crucial to the success of selling carpets is the manner in which they are displayed in retail carpet shops .
crucial to the success of selling carpets is the manner in which they are [showed] in retail carpet shops .

They are used by representatives , and are displayed on the ‘ Flagship Units ’ within carpet shops .
they are used by representatives , and are [showed] on the ‘ flagship units ’ within carpet shops .

Digital maps and related products , such as block diagrams , can be displayed either as images on a graphics terminal or in hard-copy form .
digital maps and related products , such as block diagrams , can be [showed] either as images on a graphics terminal or in hard-copy form .

Dot-matrix or inkjet printers can be used to generate screen dumps or hard copies of the graphics displayed on a colour graphics monitor .
dot-matrix or inkjet printers can be used to generate screen dumps or hard copies of the graphics [showed] on a colour graphics monitor .

The quality of the display produced by a graphics terminal depends upon the horizontal and vertical resolution of the screen , expressed as the number of phosphor dots in the two directions , and on the number of colours that can be simultaneously displayed .
the quality of the display produced by a graphics terminal depends upon the horizontal and vertical resolution of the screen , expressed as the number of phosphor dots in the two directions , and on the number of colours that can be simultaneously [showed] .

The digital images held in the memory banks are converted to television signals which are displayed on the monitor .
the digital images held in the memory banks are converted to television signals which are [showed] on the monitor .

One is to allocate a particular colour to a number of contiguous levels in the image so that , for example , the levels 0–32 might be displayed in dark blue , 33–67 in dark green , 68–87 in cyan , and so on .
one is to allocate a particular colour to a number of contiguous levels in the image so that , for example , the levels 0–32 might be [showed] in dark blue , 33–67 in dark green , 68–87 in cyan , and so on .

Many image-processing computer systems can perform a number of straightforward operations on the displayed image .
many image-processing computer systems can perform a number of straightforward operations on the [showed] image .

Two or more maps would be needed if the detail shown is not to get too great to be displayed or absorbed by the user .
two or more maps would be needed if the detail shown is not to get too great to be [showed] or absorbed by the user .

Lieutenant George Yates Finlayson had displayed cowardice in the face of the enemy all the previous week .
lieutenant george yates finlayson had [showed] cowardice in the face of the enemy all the previous week .

The probabilities displayed in Table 5.2 can be combined as shown in Figure 5.4 . If the test result confirms the 10 per cent forecast the shaded portion of Figure 5.4 is relevant and the combined probabilities are
the probabilities [showed] in table 5.2 can be combined as shown in figure 5.4 . if the test result confirms the 10 per cent forecast the shaded portion of figure 5.4 is relevant and the combined probabilities are

The amount of detail displayed may be confusing .
the amount of detail [showed] may be confusing .

The fancy taste for ornaments and trinkets displayed by these peculiar birds appealed to the Victorian dilettante .
the fancy taste for ornaments and trinkets [showed] by these peculiar birds appealed to the victorian dilettante .

There has been much conjecture about a lack of motivation at lower levels in the Iraqi formations , as contrasted with that displayed by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards , or Pasdaran , whose commitment and capacity to hold out against Iraqi superiority in equipment were important features of the war 's early years .
there has been much conjecture about a lack of motivation at lower levels in the iraqi formations , as contrasted with that [showed] by the iranian revolutionary guards , or pasdaran , whose commitment and capacity to hold out against iraqi superiority in equipment were important features of the war 's early years .

The wall works will be very tactile panels displayed with Braille scripts and written poems .
the wall works will be very tactile panels [showed] with braille scripts and written poems .

The area that is modern France displayed within its boundaries a great variation on the Romanesque architectural theme , since it was not one nation but a number of states whose buildings were influenced by climate , materials and purpose .
the area that is modern france [showed] within its boundaries a great variation on the romanesque architectural theme , since it was not one nation but a number of states whose buildings were influenced by climate , materials and purpose .

They make sure fire instructions are clearly displayed and that fire fighting equipment is in its correct place .
they make sure fire instructions are clearly [showed] and that fire fighting equipment is in its correct place .

This time it was more the kind of mirth displayed by , say , Rommel , shortly after the battle of El Alamein .
this time it was more the kind of mirth [showed] by , say , rommel , shortly after the battle of el alamein .

And typically the forms used for such display are versions of the cultural forms adopted and displayed by the ruling classes .
and typically the forms used for such display are versions of the cultural forms adopted and [showed] by the ruling classes .

In this sense they are usually ‘ appropriating ’ the form displayed in the public realm by the affluent , pace-setting reference groups .
in this sense they are usually ‘ appropriating ’ the form [showed] in the public realm by the affluent , pace-setting reference groups .

After the ceremony Agnes and Maxim walked through other halls of the museum where she displayed more knowledge of the aeroplanes and nearly as much of the rockets as Maxim — essentially a personal-weapons infantryman — could offer .
after the ceremony agnes and maxim walked through other halls of the museum where she [showed] more knowledge of the aeroplanes and nearly as much of the rockets as maxim — essentially a personal-weapons infantryman — could offer .

Being a skilled driver particularly in towns , was part of her job , but the only skill she displayed that evening was in not actually hitting anything .
being a skilled driver particularly in towns , was part of her job , but the only skill she [showed] that evening was in not actually hitting anything .

Very small things like pebbles , marbles , polished beach stones , old buttons and so on , can be put into large glass goblets or jars and displayed on window ledges ( against the light ) or on shelves .
very small things like pebbles , marbles , polished beach stones , old buttons and so on , can be put into large glass goblets or jars and [showed] on window ledges ( against the light ) or on shelves .

Collections can be displayed and made into a decorative asset , and if you are a serious collector you can use the room as a quiet retreat to pursue your hobby , cleaning or mending plates , checking hallmarks on silver , valuing new purchases from relevant text books , cataloguing details-whatever might be involved in your particular field .
collections can be [showed] and made into a decorative asset , and if you are a serious collector you can use the room as a quiet retreat to pursue your hobby , cleaning or mending plates , checking hallmarks on silver , valuing new purchases from relevant text books , cataloguing details-whatever might be involved in your particular field .

Option 1 : This option viewed and displayed images continually until a break character was sent .
option 1 : this option viewed and [showed] images continually until a break character was sent .

Thus , for example , if the picture improver had been invoked , then the improved picture could be displayed , or the unimproved picture , or the changes made by the improver .
thus , for example , if the picture improver had been invoked , then the improved picture could be [showed] , or the unimproved picture , or the changes made by the improver .

It was found at this stage that the testbed had insufficient memory for more sophisticated processing and , since the simple improver did not significantly better the correlation ( though it certainly tidied up the displayed picture ) , this line of investigation was abandoned .
it was found at this stage that the testbed had insufficient memory for more sophisticated processing and , since the simple improver did not significantly better the correlation ( though it certainly tidied up the [showed] picture ) , this line of investigation was abandoned .

However the displayed images suggested another effect , which was quite strong enough to explain the experimental results .
however the [showed] images suggested another effect , which was quite strong enough to explain the experimental results .

Most of the readings taken were with exposures corresponding to a reasonably representative image as displayed on the monitor screen .
most of the readings taken were with exposures corresponding to a reasonably representative image as [showed] on the monitor screen .

It should be noted that this is done without an image being displayed .
it should be noted that this is done without an image being [showed] .

This has been done ( for measure and halfMeas ) under various conditions - different illumination ( either using sources of different power or one source , varied with a dimmer ) , a range of exposures , with card subjects of known area , and by human estimation against the subject and a displayed image .
this has been done ( for measure and halfmeas ) under various conditions - different illumination ( either using sources of different power or one source , varied with a dimmer ) , a range of exposures , with card subjects of known area , and by human estimation against the subject and a [showed] image .

Tested by many calls with concurrent observation of the displayed image .
tested by many calls with concurrent observation of the [showed] image .

Tested together by observation of chosen pixels in a displayed image .
tested together by observation of chosen pixels in a [showed] image .

Tested by examining many displayed images .
tested by examining many [showed] images .

The results are displayed in Figure .
the results are [showed] in figure .

The results are shown on the large scale in Figure and on the small scale the same data is displayed in Figures – .
the results are shown on the large scale in figure and on the small scale the same data is [showed] in figures – .

The black trousers caught her eye first , displayed catchingly in the window on a mannequin with the same colour hair as her own .
the black trousers caught her eye first , [showed] catchingly in the window on a mannequin with the same colour hair as her own .

However , we can say that to date privatized companies in these categories , when measured against all other companies , have not displayed any dramatic improvement since privatization .
however , we can say that to date privatized companies in these categories , when measured against all other companies , have not [showed] any dramatic improvement since privatization .

Until recently a problem with handwriting recognition was that the tablet on which the writing took place and the screen on which it was displayed were physically separated .
until recently a problem with handwriting recognition was that the tablet on which the writing took place and the screen on which it was [showed] were physically separated .

For a handwriting recognition system it is obviously desirable that a recognised word be displayed soon after it is recognised .
for a handwriting recognition system it is obviously desirable that a recognised word be [showed] soon after it is recognised .

One end of the room was entirely taken up by built-in cupboards full of books , photographs and racing trophies prominently displayed .
one end of the room was entirely taken up by built-in cupboards full of books , photographs and racing trophies prominently [showed] .

She left him to prowl restlessly through the family photographs that were prominently displayed as she first took a shower then dithered over what to wear .
she left him to prowl restlessly through the family photographs that were prominently [showed] as she first took a shower then dithered over what to wear .

Was she mad to have agreed to play this role in his life ? Should she have called his bluff ? She turned the pages of the fashion magazine over , but her eyes did n't take in any of the models so enticingly displayed in its pages ; her attention was all focused inwards on herself .
was she mad to have agreed to play this role in his life ? should she have called his bluff ? she turned the pages of the fashion magazine over , but her eyes did n't take in any of the models so enticingly [showed] in its pages ; her attention was all focused inwards on herself .

Kate 's eyes widened at the picture displayed .
kate 's eyes widened at the picture [showed] .

Ace in particular seemed genuinely interested in her work and , although she 'd never really been fooled into thinking his life was a hedonistic round of pleasure apart from risking his life sixteen weekends a year , she was quite surprised at the dedication he displayed in keeping fit and the work he put in behind the scenes .
ace in particular seemed genuinely interested in her work and , although she 'd never really been fooled into thinking his life was a hedonistic round of pleasure apart from risking his life sixteen weekends a year , she was quite surprised at the dedication he [showed] in keeping fit and the work he put in behind the scenes .

The pornography of pregnancy — in which pregnant women are depicted as whores , huge bellies fetishized , cunts displayed for the camera — is the ultimate ‘ triumph of the phallus over the death-dealing vagina ’ 4 .
the pornography of pregnancy — in which pregnant women are depicted as whores , huge bellies fetishized , cunts [showed] for the camera — is the ultimate ‘ triumph of the phallus over the death-dealing vagina ’ 4 .

On Saturday August 4th 1990 , the Society displayed a mini exhibition at Clun Carnival and Show .
on saturday august 4th 1990 , the society [showed] a mini exhibition at clun carnival and show .

Some form of custody — whether in hospital or in prison is a moot point — is required to give peace of mind to the people who gave evidence and who displayed much courage and fortitude in so doing .
some form of custody — whether in hospital or in prison is a moot point — is required to give peace of mind to the people who gave evidence and who [showed] much courage and fortitude in so doing .

Will my right hon. Friend make it clear whether his answer , which displayed an understandable degree of elegant procrastination , will lead to the Government saying that the Yugoslav federation as we know it has no diplomatic future ?
will my right hon. friend make it clear whether his answer , which [showed] an understandable degree of elegant procrastination , will lead to the government saying that the yugoslav federation as we know it has no diplomatic future ?

Standards should not be hidden away for internal use only , but should be clearly displayed at the point of service delivery .
standards should not be hidden away for internal use only , but should be clearly [showed] at the point of service delivery .

Her mother had been appalled when Robbie unwrapped the nightshirt and displayed it .
her mother had been appalled when robbie unwrapped the nightshirt and [showed] it .

The goods must be openly displayed for sale to the public .
the goods must be openly [showed] for sale to the public .

vegetables , are displayed without any label or notice describing them .
vegetables , are [showed] without any label or notice describing them .

Where is the 4 ’ gauge model coach displayed ?
where is the 4 ’ gauge model coach [showed] ?

She bought some postcards , and an illustrated book on the bastides of the Dordogne from the local newsagent , and spent a mouth-watering few moments coveting the strawberry , peach and raspberry tarts displayed in a pâtisserie window .
she bought some postcards , and an illustrated book on the bastides of the dordogne from the local newsagent , and spent a mouth-watering few moments coveting the strawberry , peach and raspberry tarts [showed] in a pâtisserie window .

It is important to remember that such relationships as are displayed in the thesaurus may not be transferred to the index .
it is important to remember that such relationships as are [showed] in the thesaurus may not be transferred to the index .

The attraction of such displays is that multi — dimensional relationships between subjects may be shown since any one subject can be displayed in juxtaposition with several others .
the attraction of such displays is that multi — dimensional relationships between subjects may be shown since any one subject can be [showed] in juxtaposition with several others .

In a totally machine-selected thesaurus , the listing of terms will be printed or displayed by the computer , and often no further effort is necessary .
in a totally machine-selected thesaurus , the listing of terms will be printed or [showed] by the computer , and often no further effort is necessary .

The nationalist movements and the new nations which made their appearance after the Second World War thus displayed features which distinguish them in some ways from the earlier movements which led to the formation of nation states in Western Europe , because they arose in a very different international context — in a highly developed capitalist world economy , in the aftermath of a division of the world among powerful imperialist nations , and in the midst of political transformations resulting from the growth of the socialist movement .
the nationalist movements and the new nations which made their appearance after the second world war thus [showed] features which distinguish them in some ways from the earlier movements which led to the formation of nation states in western europe , because they arose in a very different international context — in a highly developed capitalist world economy , in the aftermath of a division of the world among powerful imperialist nations , and in the midst of political transformations resulting from the growth of the socialist movement .

It was typical of his self-absorption that he displayed no curiosity about her sudden haste to return to her apartment or her plans for the evening and weekend .
it was typical of his self-absorption that he [showed] no curiosity about her sudden haste to return to her apartment or her plans for the evening and weekend .

’ He pulled open a drawer in which a dozen antique krises were displayed .
’ he pulled open a drawer in which a dozen antique krises were [showed] .

It was a hot May evening : the children on the streets around the gallery were lightly clad and quarrelsome , and the sunlight was streaming into the upper room where the exhibition was displayed .
it was a hot may evening : the children on the streets around the gallery were lightly clad and quarrelsome , and the sunlight was streaming into the upper room where the exhibition was [showed] .

When we add up all the indicators which show that we are moving closer to federal control , and balance them against the number which show that we are moving further away from central control , we are asking ourselves , what is the meaning of subsidiarity ? What will that newly defined concept mean in terms of moving either closer to or further away from centralism ? That is the item in the shop window which my right hon. Friend the prime Minister displayed as the main indicator of moving further away .
when we add up all the indicators which show that we are moving closer to federal control , and balance them against the number which show that we are moving further away from central control , we are asking ourselves , what is the meaning of subsidiarity ? what will that newly defined concept mean in terms of moving either closer to or further away from centralism ? that is the item in the shop window which my right hon. friend the prime minister [showed] as the main indicator of moving further away .

The beady , little eyes softened as Cranston displayed his warrant , a silver coin lying on top of it .
the beady , little eyes softened as cranston [showed] his warrant , a silver coin lying on top of it .

The sieve mesh sizes , raw weights , weight percentages and cumulative percentages , finer or coarser than the specific sieve , may be displayed .
the sieve mesh sizes , raw weights , weight percentages and cumulative percentages , finer or coarser than the specific sieve , may be [showed] .

Against walls , jars of oil , cheap wine , and black and red beer were stacked , and here and there a low table displayed jewellery .
against walls , jars of oil , cheap wine , and black and red beer were stacked , and here and there a low table [showed] jewellery .

The Habsburgs had been stung by the loss of Silesia into a series of far-reaching administrative reforms , while Russia had once more displayed her military strength and had consolidated her dominant position in Poland .
the habsburgs had been stung by the loss of silesia into a series of far-reaching administrative reforms , while russia had once more [showed] her military strength and had consolidated her dominant position in poland .

She ducked down behind the table and emerged with the little box her employer had displayed so proudly , then raked around in the back of a drawer until she came up with a key .
she ducked down behind the table and emerged with the little box her employer had [showed] so proudly , then raked around in the back of a drawer until she came up with a key .

After Shah Jehan had loaded his son with precious wedding gifts — ‘ a superb robe of honour , a jewelled dagger with incised floral ornament , a sword and a belt studded with gems , a rosary of pearls ’ , two fine horses and a pair of war elephants — and the gifts had been displayed and admired , the festivities began :
after shah jehan had loaded his son with precious wedding gifts — ‘ a superb robe of honour , a jewelled dagger with incised floral ornament , a sword and a belt studded with gems , a rosary of pearls ’ , two fine horses and a pair of war elephants — and the gifts had been [showed] and admired , the festivities began :

The Dean 's orchids , sent in earlier in the day , were displayed in the centre .
the dean 's orchids , sent in earlier in the day , were [showed] in the centre .

This was the name of the spread she had chosen , and it displayed an entire interior self-portrait on a scale she had never attempted before .
this was the name of the spread she had chosen , and it [showed] an entire interior self-portrait on a scale she had never attempted before .

The chancel belonging to the rector may not be in the same style as the nave maintained by the parishioners , reflecting differences in wealth or involvement Even in those churches where the rector was a monastery , there may be a variety of interest displayed , from great ostentation where the monastery has been concerned to maintain its property , to neglect where the church is on a distant or poor estate , or where the monastery itself was poor .
the chancel belonging to the rector may not be in the same style as the nave maintained by the parishioners , reflecting differences in wealth or involvement even in those churches where the rector was a monastery , there may be a variety of interest [showed] , from great ostentation where the monastery has been concerned to maintain its property , to neglect where the church is on a distant or poor estate , or where the monastery itself was poor .

Sid , being unlikely to be displayed to the company , had been excused Dickensian dress .
sid , being unlikely to be [showed] to the company , had been excused dickensian dress .

His coming displayed no jot of his inner feelings , though his heart sank at the array of knee breeches and crinolines , and at last it occurred to him that the lunatics he had met upstairs were in Dickensian dress .
his coming [showed] no jot of his inner feelings , though his heart sank at the array of knee breeches and crinolines , and at last it occurred to him that the lunatics he had met upstairs were in dickensian dress .

He displayed complete surprise .
he [showed] complete surprise .

Tiring of the ceaseless flow of enthusiasm from Lionisers , Angelina wandered over to the proudly displayed visitors ' book .
tiring of the ceaseless flow of enthusiasm from lionisers , angelina wandered over to the proudly [showed] visitors ' book .

Jewellery markets for platinum also displayed great resilience and , once again led by the Japanese , offtake of platinum reached 1.5 million ounces for the first time .
jewellery markets for platinum also [showed] great resilience and , once again led by the japanese , offtake of platinum reached 1.5 million ounces for the first time .

Good faith was the hallmark of nobility , and it was displayed most clearly in fidelity to your king . ``
good faith was the hallmark of nobility , and it was [showed] most clearly in fidelity to your king . ``

The management leader 's understanding of the complexities and challenges of a school 's work have to be displayed clearly .
the management leader 's understanding of the complexities and challenges of a school 's work have to be [showed] clearly .

Spain had friends elsewhere : on 8 June 1947 the wife of the Argentinian dictator , Eva Perón , began an official visit to Spain , during which she was displayed as a symbol of Argentinian solidarity to crowds of Spaniards anxious for a glimpse of `` Evita `` .
spain had friends elsewhere : on 8 june 1947 the wife of the argentinian dictator , eva perón , began an official visit to spain , during which she was [showed] as a symbol of argentinian solidarity to crowds of spaniards anxious for a glimpse of `` evita `` .

4.3 Differentiation of degrees of difficulty is characterised by the growth from dependence to independence or autonomy , from application of well-rehearsed routines to coping with unusual situations , gaining increasing confidence in assuming leadership roles , developing self-awareness , including the ability to identify personal strengths and weaknesses and developing a range of interpersonal skills and the contexts within which they are displayed .
4.3 differentiation of degrees of difficulty is characterised by the growth from dependence to independence or autonomy , from application of well-rehearsed routines to coping with unusual situations , gaining increasing confidence in assuming leadership roles , developing self-awareness , including the ability to identify personal strengths and weaknesses and developing a range of interpersonal skills and the contexts within which they are [showed] .

He then sees displayed in a shop window , a fur coat priced at £500 , and decides he would like to buy it as a present for his wife .
he then sees [showed] in a shop window , a fur coat priced at £500 , and decides he would like to buy it as a present for his wife .

Explain if it would have made any difference if the garage owner had said he would sell the car for £1,000 although no price was displayed .
explain if it would have made any difference if the garage owner had said he would sell the car for £1,000 although no price was [showed] .

Stories , much enhanced in the retelling , circulated about dirty , lice-ridden children who were ignorant of the basic rules of civilisation : the entire stock of clothing of a girl evacuee from Liverpool might consist of a light cotton dress and a pair of plimsolls ; evacuees did not know how to use a knife and fork properly ; they displayed an alarming ignorance of the joys of country life , being surprised that apples grew on trees and not in boxes ; and , worst of all , their lack of toilet training extended way beyond mere bed-wetting ( which , it was alleged , took place frequently ) to unimaginable depths of depravity .
stories , much enhanced in the retelling , circulated about dirty , lice-ridden children who were ignorant of the basic rules of civilisation : the entire stock of clothing of a girl evacuee from liverpool might consist of a light cotton dress and a pair of plimsolls ; evacuees did not know how to use a knife and fork properly ; they [showed] an alarming ignorance of the joys of country life , being surprised that apples grew on trees and not in boxes ; and , worst of all , their lack of toilet training extended way beyond mere bed-wetting ( which , it was alleged , took place frequently ) to unimaginable depths of depravity .

It was hoped that the responsibility and sense of restraint they had displayed under Bevin 's guidance would continue .
it was hoped that the responsibility and sense of restraint they had [showed] under bevin 's guidance would continue .

For Durkheim , the phenomena of sociology were `` social facts `` , those products of human collectivities that displayed `` thing-like `` qualities of externality , constraint and generality .
for durkheim , the phenomena of sociology were `` social facts `` , those products of human collectivities that [showed] `` thing-like `` qualities of externality , constraint and generality .

The Contemporary Arts Centre of Cincinnati was acquitted of obscenity on Oct. 5 for having displayed an exhibition of photographs by the late Robert Mapplethorpe .
the contemporary arts centre of cincinnati was acquitted of obscenity on oct. 5 for having [showed] an exhibition of photographs by the late robert mapplethorpe .

Furthermore , the resilience and tenacity displayed by the attacking forces belied suggestions that the effectiveness of the Iraqi army had been largely destroyed by the intensive allied air campaign .
furthermore , the resilience and tenacity [showed] by the attacking forces belied suggestions that the effectiveness of the iraqi army had been largely destroyed by the intensive allied air campaign .

34070-73 ) held meetings on July 17 , 1990 [ see p. 37624 ] , on Sept. 14 ( when the Conference displayed some optimism towards solving the problem of determining the precise stage at which the Irish government could directly enter the all-party talks ) and on Feb. 1 , 1991 .
34070-73 ) held meetings on july 17 , 1990 [ see p. 37624 ] , on sept. 14 ( when the conference [showed] some optimism towards solving the problem of determining the precise stage at which the irish government could directly enter the all-party talks ) and on feb. 1 , 1991 .

In 1990 the economy had a `` serious imbalance `` ; large numbers of state-operated companies had experienced difficulties and some had faced bankruptcy ; the state budget had displayed `` a major overdraft `` ; market prices had been unstable ; progress had been slow in education and public health ; and the social security and order situation had developed `` in a complex way `` .
in 1990 the economy had a `` serious imbalance `` ; large numbers of state-operated companies had experienced difficulties and some had faced bankruptcy ; the state budget had [showed] `` a major overdraft `` ; market prices had been unstable ; progress had been slow in education and public health ; and the social security and order situation had developed `` in a complex way `` .

During his six months as Treasurer Kerin had frequently displayed a lack of ease in the post .
during his six months as treasurer kerin had frequently [showed] a lack of ease in the post .

Aquino 's decision to press the case — and to undergo a ferocious and lengthy cross-examination — was seen by some to have needlessly exposed her already tarnished public image to further damage , whilst others applauded it as further proof of the tenacious courage which she had displayed in opposing Marcos .
aquino 's decision to press the case — and to undergo a ferocious and lengthy cross-examination — was seen by some to have needlessly exposed her already tarnished public image to further damage , whilst others applauded it as further proof of the tenacious courage which she had [showed] in opposing marcos .

Although at times he displayed symptoms of stress and irritation , in general Clinton continued to show the resilience which had maintained his scandal-ridden campaign .
although at times he [showed] symptoms of stress and irritation , in general clinton continued to show the resilience which had maintained his scandal-ridden campaign .

This might be a display for others to see , a school open day when work is displayed to outside visitors , going on a site visit , bringing in a special visitor to view what has been produced , taking part in a play or pageant , or recreating something like a Victorian school day , or some other event , or compiling a class book to hold the results of their work .
this might be a display for others to see , a school open day when work is [showed] to outside visitors , going on a site visit , bringing in a special visitor to view what has been produced , taking part in a play or pageant , or recreating something like a victorian school day , or some other event , or compiling a class book to hold the results of their work .

The straw-covered Viking houses at the Yorvik Viking Centre hide steel frames beneath their wattled walls ; the figures and displays of goods are reconstructions , though the interpretation is rooted in evidence which is carefully displayed alongside the reconstruction .
the straw-covered viking houses at the yorvik viking centre hide steel frames beneath their wattled walls ; the figures and displays of goods are reconstructions , though the interpretation is rooted in evidence which is carefully [showed] alongside the reconstruction .

Introductory handling sessions followed by work in the galleries generally allow pupils to get far more benefit from a museum visit than use of the exhibition galleries alone , where objects may be displayed behind glass .
introductory handling sessions followed by work in the galleries generally allow pupils to get far more benefit from a museum visit than use of the exhibition galleries alone , where objects may be [showed] behind glass .

The inherent difficulties in taking possession away from a tenant , who may in any event be inclined to resist , are displayed in the following extract :
the inherent difficulties in taking possession away from a tenant , who may in any event be inclined to resist , are [showed] in the following extract :

Section 11(1) of the 1968 Theft Act provides : … where the public have access to a building in order to view the building or a part of it , or collection or part of a collection housed in it , any person who without lawful authority removes from the building or its grounds the whole or part of any article displayed or kept for display to the public in the building or that part of it or in its grounds shall be guilty of an offence .
section 11(1) of the 1968 theft act provides : … where the public have access to a building in order to view the building or a part of it , or collection or part of a collection housed in it , any person who without lawful authority removes from the building or its grounds the whole or part of any article [showed] or kept for display to the public in the building or that part of it or in its grounds shall be guilty of an offence .

For example , a 1 displayed on the screen requires the person contacted to call reception , a 2 indicates that the manager should be contacted , and so on .
for example , a 1 [showed] on the screen requires the person contacted to call reception , a 2 indicates that the manager should be contacted , and so on .

Hewitt ( 1989 ) , for example , accepts that the speech of black adolescents shows influences from Creole but asserts that the same influences can be seen in white adolescents ' English in certain areas : the English of many black youngsters also itself displayed evidence of Creole influence beyond those stretches that might be plainly treated as switches .
hewitt ( 1989 ) , for example , accepts that the speech of black adolescents shows influences from creole but asserts that the same influences can be seen in white adolescents ' english in certain areas : the english of many black youngsters also itself [showed] evidence of creole influence beyond those stretches that might be plainly treated as switches .

As Levinson ( 1983 : 320 – 21 ) puts it , Conversation , as opposed to monologue , offers the analyst an invaluable analytical resource : as each turn is responded to by a second , we find displayed in that second an analysis of the first by its recipient .
as levinson ( 1983 : 320 – 21 ) puts it , conversation , as opposed to monologue , offers the analyst an invaluable analytical resource : as each turn is responded to by a second , we find [showed] in that second an analysis of the first by its recipient .

Thus the `` meaning `` of code switching , rather than arising out of community norms and being attributable by the analyst to individual switches , is something actively constructed by participants in the conversation , displayed by them through their responses , and available to the analyst through these displays only .
thus the `` meaning `` of code switching , rather than arising out of community norms and being attributable by the analyst to individual switches , is something actively constructed by participants in the conversation , [showed] by them through their responses , and available to the analyst through these displays only .

Would the notice displayed next to the berries suffice as a warning within s. 1 ( 5 ) ?
would the notice [showed] next to the berries suffice as a warning within s. 1 ( 5 ) ?

In years of scarcity , therefore , the miners faced not only enhanced prices but a real deficiency in supply as the activities of agents buying for London increased and as farmers displayed an increasing preference for selling in large quantities rather than piecemeal in local markets .
in years of scarcity , therefore , the miners faced not only enhanced prices but a real deficiency in supply as the activities of agents buying for london increased and as farmers [showed] an increasing preference for selling in large quantities rather than piecemeal in local markets .

In this context it is noted that there tend to be high rates of drop-out associated with part-time study , and those who have been successful will have displayed the commitment and capabilities necessary for success in higher education .
in this context it is noted that there tend to be high rates of drop-out associated with part-time study , and those who have been successful will have [showed] the commitment and capabilities necessary for success in higher education .

At Tower Bridge if four foot diameter discs bearing black and white signal stripes are displayed fourteen foot to landward of the signals , this is an indication that the bridge can not be raised from mechanical or other cause .
at tower bridge if four foot diameter discs bearing black and white signal stripes are [showed] fourteen foot to landward of the signals , this is an indication that the bridge can not be raised from mechanical or other cause .

It is to gain authority from the Poetics for his `` bourgeois tragedy `` ( bürgerliches Trauerspiel ) by arguing that with the reduction in the social standing of the characters of his plays must come a corresponding reduction in the intensity of the emotions displayed by them and the reversals of fortune that they experience .
it is to gain authority from the poetics for his `` bourgeois tragedy `` ( bürgerliches trauerspiel ) by arguing that with the reduction in the social standing of the characters of his plays must come a corresponding reduction in the intensity of the emotions [showed] by them and the reversals of fortune that they experience .

It is displayed ( Winckelmann affirms ) in the Laocoon group , that famous sculpture of the Trojan priest and his sons in the grip of the sea god 's serpents : and this example , certainly surprising , is used over and over again by subsequent theorists .
it is [showed] ( winckelmann affirms ) in the laocoon group , that famous sculpture of the trojan priest and his sons in the grip of the sea god 's serpents : and this example , certainly surprising , is used over and over again by subsequent theorists .

We wrote procedures for extracting words , subject headings and classification numbers from displayed records , and for recombining these in new searches .
we wrote procedures for extracting words , subject headings and classification numbers from [showed] records , and for recombining these in new searches .

These drills should be tabulated in such a way that the substitution item is clearly displayed .
these drills should be tabulated in such a way that the substitution item is clearly [showed] .

It was therefore proposed by , seconded by and carried unanimously that notwithstanding the previous Conference resolution to that effect , the requirement should be waived on this occasion , and that the officers nominated and displayed on the sheet at the rear of the Hall should be elected en-bloc .
it was therefore proposed by , seconded by and carried unanimously that notwithstanding the previous conference resolution to that effect , the requirement should be waived on this occasion , and that the officers nominated and [showed] on the sheet at the rear of the hall should be elected en-bloc .

Throughout the insertion procedure , pressure and pH were displayed continuously on a computer monitor for identification of the lower oesophageal sphincter .
throughout the insertion procedure , pressure and ph were [showed] continuously on a computer monitor for identification of the lower oesophageal sphincter .

During the entire study the subjects electrocardiograph was displayed on a monitor .
during the entire study the subjects electrocardiograph was [showed] on a monitor .

The pancreatic blood flow was recorded in ml/ min/100 g tissues as displayed on the digital panel meter and presented either in absolute value or as per cent change from control value obtained in rats infused with saline .
the pancreatic blood flow was recorded in ml/ min/100 g tissues as [showed] on the digital panel meter and presented either in absolute value or as per cent change from control value obtained in rats infused with saline .

Breathing rhythm was established by the movement of a bar graph displayed on the computer screen .
breathing rhythm was established by the movement of a bar graph [showed] on the computer screen .

Thus three patients ( 16 , 17 , 18 ) had borderline pathological SeHCAT tests but normal 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one concentrations , and two patients ( 4 , 11 ) with normal SeHCAT tests displayed a slightly increased concentration of the bile acid intermediate .
thus three patients ( 16 , 17 , 18 ) had borderline pathological sehcat tests but normal 7α-hydroxy-4-cholesten-3-one concentrations , and two patients ( 4 , 11 ) with normal sehcat tests [showed] a slightly increased concentration of the bile acid intermediate .

The probabilities displayed in Table 5.2 can be combined as shown in Figure 5.4 . If the test result confirms the 10 per cent forecast the shaded portion of Figure 5.4 is relevant and the combined probabilities are
the probabilities [showed] in table 5.2 can be combined as shown in figure 5.4 . if the test result confirms the 10 per cent forecast the shaded portion of figure 5.4 is relevant and the combined probabilities are

The amount of detail displayed may be confusing .
the amount of detail [showed] may be confusing .

Because of the large amount of information to be displayed in an adequate route map , there is no hope of one that is not complex .
because of the large amount of information to be [showed] in an adequate route map , there is no hope of one that is not complex .

Immediately the activities and their durations are entered the Gantt bar chart and the end date are displayed .
immediately the activities and their durations are entered the gantt bar chart and the end date are [showed] .

The basic program can outline several projects so that the total effect on resources can be displayed and individual calendars can be constructed for each person .
the basic program can outline several projects so that the total effect on resources can be [showed] and individual calendars can be constructed for each person .

They are all displayed on an analytical spreadsheet .
they are all [showed] on an analytical spreadsheet .

Unlimited notes can be kept on disk and displayed at a keystroke for activities , assignments and resources .
unlimited notes can be kept on disk and [showed] at a keystroke for activities , assignments and resources .

Eating Out : Plenty of places in all price ranges — just look at the menu displayed and take your pick .
eating out : plenty of places in all price ranges — just look at the menu [showed] and take your pick .

The confidence displayed by reformers such as Mr Nyers and Imre Pozsgay , who introduced the new party 's programme , was in sharp contrast to the air of resignation in the conservative rows .
the confidence [showed] by reformers such as mr nyers and imre pozsgay , who introduced the new party 's programme , was in sharp contrast to the air of resignation in the conservative rows .

King Gustavus displayed his usual foolhardy courage and had a horse shot from under him .
king gustavus [showed] his usual foolhardy courage and had a horse shot from under him .

But what is most extraordinary is that in all these little villages and towns there are Stars and Stripes displayed everywhere , usually in association with the red , white and blue of the Czech flag .
but what is most extraordinary is that in all these little villages and towns there are stars and stripes [showed] everywhere , usually in association with the red , white and blue of the czech flag .

On top of both , displayed like trophies , are reminders of gifts from Western visitors , a packet of Nairn 's oatcakes , an empty bottle of Macallan whisky , a packet of Silk Cut cigarettes .
on top of both , [showed] like trophies , are reminders of gifts from western visitors , a packet of nairn 's oatcakes , an empty bottle of macallan whisky , a packet of silk cut cigarettes .

Today is a public holiday to mark liberation day so the flags of the four powers are prominently displayed above the street .
today is a public holiday to mark liberation day so the flags of the four powers are prominently [showed] above the street .

Many a convicted murderer had displayed that sort of control .
many a convicted murderer had [showed] that sort of control .

This excess of fear has been displayed by weanling Thoroughbreds being prepared for public auction .
this excess of fear has been [showed] by weanling thoroughbreds being prepared for public auction .

So if a foal exhibits characteristics or mannerisms that are not displayed by its mother , or other horses that it is with , but only by its father , such a characteristic would appear to be inherited .
so if a foal exhibits characteristics or mannerisms that are not [showed] by its mother , or other horses that it is with , but only by its father , such a characteristic would appear to be inherited .

Aggression in a horse is displayed in different ways .
aggression in a horse is [showed] in different ways .

Moz was an Arabian stallion bought at auction . His early history was not revealed , but when he arrived at his new home he was hostile , aggressive , and even savage ; and people were forced to take to their own heels to save themselves from his ! No one could go into his yard without a cane — which he appeared to be terrified of — and the viciousness he displayed when anyone was near his food was so extreme that the only way he could be fed was to throw his food over the fence !
moz was an arabian stallion bought at auction . his early history was not revealed , but when he arrived at his new home he was hostile , aggressive , and even savage ; and people were forced to take to their own heels to save themselves from his ! no one could go into his yard without a cane — which he appeared to be terrified of — and the viciousness he [showed] when anyone was near his food was so extreme that the only way he could be fed was to throw his food over the fence !

Bregawn 's temperament got the better of him the following season , and on his racecourse appearances he displayed increasing sourness .
bregawn 's temperament got the better of him the following season , and on his racecourse appearances he [showed] increasing sourness .

Listening to her and Ferdinando discussing the latest onslaught — Piedmontese troops were said to be sweeping south throughout the summer — Wilson could hardly believe the enthusiasm displayed .
listening to her and ferdinando discussing the latest onslaught — piedmontese troops were said to be sweeping south throughout the summer — wilson could hardly believe the enthusiasm [showed] .

Opponents of the regime took new heart from the Stalingrad disaster , and their limited revival resulted in a spread of illegal broadsheets and surreptitiously daubed graffiti , attacking Hitler ‘ the Stalingrad Murderer ’ . In Munich , the Stalingrad disaster prompted the group of students who , largely inspired by moral and religious idealism , had the previous year formed the ‘ White Rose ’ movement and circulated anti-Nazi leaflets in Munich University , to stage a suicidally brave public demonstration of their detestation for Hitler and Nazism in a defiant manifesto displayed all over the university buildings :
opponents of the regime took new heart from the stalingrad disaster , and their limited revival resulted in a spread of illegal broadsheets and surreptitiously daubed graffiti , attacking hitler ‘ the stalingrad murderer ’ . in munich , the stalingrad disaster prompted the group of students who , largely inspired by moral and religious idealism , had the previous year formed the ‘ white rose ’ movement and circulated anti-nazi leaflets in munich university , to stage a suicidally brave public demonstration of their detestation for hitler and nazism in a defiant manifesto [showed] all over the university buildings :

Different people at different times and in different places , over a period of five years , displayed the same interest in the past , and ( within acceptable degrees of variation ) gave the same account of incidents and conditions , and gave the same weight to it in their explanations of their actions .
different people at different times and in different places , over a period of five years , [showed] the same interest in the past , and ( within acceptable degrees of variation ) gave the same account of incidents and conditions , and gave the same weight to it in their explanations of their actions .

On the bathroom shelf , Alida 's special salts for rheumatism were prominently displayed .
on the bathroom shelf , alida 's special salts for rheumatism were prominently [showed] .

Unfortunately Paul Taylor 's Oz displayed far too much of the Taylor whimsy , a brand of humour that simply does not cross the Atlantic .
unfortunately paul taylor 's oz [showed] far too much of the taylor whimsy , a brand of humour that simply does not cross the atlantic .

Nowhere else could a sign be displayed saying : ‘ No loitering in this yard except on business .
nowhere else could a sign be [showed] saying : ‘ no loitering in this yard except on business .

The crowd of 7,000 — Aberdeen 's lowest of the season — had little to enthuse over in a drab second half in which Aberdeen had several excellent chances but displayed their old failing of not converting demonstrable outfield superiority into goals .
the crowd of 7,000 — aberdeen 's lowest of the season — had little to enthuse over in a drab second half in which aberdeen had several excellent chances but [showed] their old failing of not converting demonstrable outfield superiority into goals .

Lion Cavern came from last in a slowly-run race and displayed commendable resolution to emerge a narrow but worthy winner .
lion cavern came from last in a slowly-run race and [showed] commendable resolution to emerge a narrow but worthy winner .

The current hip hop aesthetic , as displayed by the music of Salt-N-Pepa .
the current hip hop aesthetic , as [showed] by the music of salt-n-pepa .

Sometimes aggression will be displayed , and the predator is pursued or attacked .
sometimes aggression will be [showed] , and the predator is pursued or attacked .

It is usually sold in a log and displayed on straw .
it is usually sold in a log and [showed] on straw .

The remaining works will be displayed alternately in Barcelona and Figueres .
the remaining works will be [showed] alternately in barcelona and figueres .

Few had been abroad , despite the frequent German and Hungarian names displayed Texas-fashion outside their houses .
few had been abroad , despite the frequent german and hungarian names [showed] texas-fashion outside their houses .

Jane had found that when she rescued a stray , Fluff : he displayed far more confidence in her than in anyone else .
jane had found that when she rescued a stray , fluff : he [showed] far more confidence in her than in anyone else .

The view from the window featured a building site and a large collection of assorted earth-moving machinery and cranes , all displayed simultaneously .
the view from the window featured a building site and a large collection of assorted earth-moving machinery and cranes , all [showed] simultaneously .

He peered at the menu displayed with accompanying admiring press comment outside the Trattoria San Giorgio , and decided you 'd be lucky to get out of there under £20 a head .
he peered at the menu [showed] with accompanying admiring press comment outside the trattoria san giorgio , and decided you 'd be lucky to get out of there under £20 a head .

The great ragbag of reforms now being discussed behind closed doors will probably be displayed on January 17th , when the Commons is to debate a report on modernising its finances and management .
the great ragbag of reforms now being discussed behind closed doors will probably be [showed] on january 17th , when the commons is to debate a report on modernising its finances and management .

Hanson 's most striking acquisitions — like those of Imperial and Ever Ready — displayed both failings .
hanson 's most striking acquisitions — like those of imperial and ever ready — [showed] both failings .

In this way a mostly desperate body of art , which had at first shocked the American public , was transformed by speeches , articles and the context in which it was displayed , into an ideological weapon for the defence of Individualism and the right to express oneself .
in this way a mostly desperate body of art , which had at first shocked the american public , was transformed by speeches , articles and the context in which it was [showed] , into an ideological weapon for the defence of individualism and the right to express oneself .

Some of the shields , spears , fetishistic objects and lion's-teeth necklaces she has been presented with on her travels are displayed .
some of the shields , spears , fetishistic objects and lion's-teeth necklaces she has been presented with on her travels are [showed] .

Most important , perhaps , are the characteristics of the suture lines , which are displayed on internal moulds .
most important , perhaps , are the characteristics of the suture lines , which are [showed] on internal moulds .

The outline of the soft parts are also clearly displayed , so that the animal has been preserved almost in frozen motion .
the outline of the soft parts are also clearly [showed] , so that the animal has been preserved almost in frozen motion .

In winning the Northern Bank International Award , it was judged that Nicholas Hutchinson displayed the total commitment and drive required to successfully market his company 's products and services , involving extensive international travel and unsocial working hours .
in winning the northern bank international award , it was judged that nicholas hutchinson [showed] the total commitment and drive required to successfully market his company 's products and services , involving extensive international travel and unsocial working hours .

They seem to have got through the far more alarming Crick without hysteria , but at Bosworth , some of the beauty and fashion displayed ‘ strong symptoms of fear ’ .
they seem to have got through the far more alarming crick without hysteria , but at bosworth , some of the beauty and fashion [showed] ‘ strong symptoms of fear ’ .

Discussions on such things in the minutes were the most discussed topics ever until displayed by the later stages of the bond redemption issue .
discussions on such things in the minutes were the most discussed topics ever until [showed] by the later stages of the bond redemption issue .

We are proud of the skill , courage and professionalism which they displayed in the Gulf and which they show daily in Northern Ireland .
we are proud of the skill , courage and professionalism which they [showed] in the gulf and which they show daily in northern ireland .

general notice displayed in any of our branches ;
general notice [showed] in any of our branches ;

Rarely in the history of the Cannes Film , Festival has a debutant director won the Palme d'Or ; but then , rarely has such a formidable and original talent been displayed in a first film .
rarely in the history of the cannes film , festival has a debutant director won the palme d'or ; but then , rarely has such a formidable and original talent been [showed] in a first film .

Few complain about ‘ Just looking thanks ’ in a town where stock is displayed in authentic settings ; where you can walk the patch in a day ; where dealers make time to talk and where Bath 's famous light lends allure to even the diciest piece .
few complain about ‘ just looking thanks ’ in a town where stock is [showed] in authentic settings ; where you can walk the patch in a day ; where dealers make time to talk and where bath 's famous light lends allure to even the diciest piece .

Now in the heart of the decoration area of Bath , stretching from the London Road to the end of Walcot Street , we come on Penny Philip whose small shop is a shrine to period textiles : toile de Jouy , Scandinavian bedlinens and shawls are displayed on decorative iron furniture .
now in the heart of the decoration area of bath , stretching from the london road to the end of walcot street , we come on penny philip whose small shop is a shrine to period textiles : toile de jouy , scandinavian bedlinens and shawls are [showed] on decorative iron furniture .

But for la crème de la crème of ‘ softs ’ , as the trade calls linens and textiles , drive out to Freshford , where in a former hunting lodge Elizabeth Baer keeps her magpie collection , displayed in a linen room with that authentic ‘ air of pleasing decay ’ so admired by John Fowler ( of Colefax & ) .
but for la crème de la crème of ‘ softs ’ , as the trade calls linens and textiles , drive out to freshford , where in a former hunting lodge elizabeth baer keeps her magpie collection , [showed] in a linen room with that authentic ‘ air of pleasing decay ’ so admired by john fowler ( of colefax & ) .

His policy is that everything should be properly displayed , marked and priced .
his policy is that everything should be properly [showed] , marked and priced .

On a platform is displayed the interesting collection of tribal and village rugs — no machine makes — offered by Craig Bale of Silk Road .
on a platform is [showed] the interesting collection of tribal and village rugs — no machine makes — offered by craig bale of silk road .

As photographs of the original building show clearly ( Plates 1–3 ) , before conversion , this stone-built barn displayed many of the conventional features described in the foregoing account .
as photographs of the original building show clearly ( plates 1–3 ) , before conversion , this stone-built barn [showed] many of the conventional features described in the foregoing account .

He had the eye for detail and concern for quality lacking in Stoll or Samuelson , as well as the sort of business acumen that neither Hepworth nor Pearson had ever displayed .
he had the eye for detail and concern for quality lacking in stoll or samuelson , as well as the sort of business acumen that neither hepworth nor pearson had ever [showed] .

Balcon saw the potential for bringing into mainstream cinema the observational powers of the documentarists , and their capacity for evoking a quieter form of heroism than that displayed in Ships with Wings .
balcon saw the potential for bringing into mainstream cinema the observational powers of the documentarists , and their capacity for evoking a quieter form of heroism than that [showed] in ships with wings .

Women models displayed an air-hostess style ensemble of jacket , jupe-culotte , three-cornered hat and shoulder bag , before a series of other changes were revealed .
women models [showed] an air-hostess style ensemble of jacket , jupe-culotte , three-cornered hat and shoulder bag , before a series of other changes were revealed .

The attention to detail displayed by Fox reveals much about New Zealand 's attitude to the game , nothing being left to chance .
the attention to detail [showed] by fox reveals much about new zealand 's attitude to the game , nothing being left to chance .

Significantly , Roxburgh decided to pay heed to the excellent club form of Gordon Strachan and the Leeds United man displayed an admirable combination of cockiness and sheer resolve on the right side of a midfield which contained the Celtic pair Roy Aitken and Paul McStay , and the former Parkhead workhorse , Murdo Macleod , who is now enjoying a renaissance in West Germany .
significantly , roxburgh decided to pay heed to the excellent club form of gordon strachan and the leeds united man [showed] an admirable combination of cockiness and sheer resolve on the right side of a midfield which contained the celtic pair roy aitken and paul mcstay , and the former parkhead workhorse , murdo macleod , who is now enjoying a renaissance in west germany .

These examples of catalogues containing helpful art criticism could be contrasted with many others which are limited to lists of exhibitions , details of the artist 's career , and entries for the works displayed .
these examples of catalogues containing helpful art criticism could be contrasted with many others which are limited to lists of exhibitions , details of the artist 's career , and entries for the works [showed] .

Productions such as Oh , What a Lovely War offer many opportunities for voice and body training to be displayed effectively , particularly as the quick character sketches in this show mean that an actor may play several parts in one evening .
productions such as oh , what a lovely war offer many opportunities for voice and body training to be [showed] effectively , particularly as the quick character sketches in this show mean that an actor may play several parts in one evening .

Another expression of this psychic force is found in the cynicism and bitterness he displayed from time to time when he grumbles about the dark , the flies and the cold ; but other references are very much stronger , e.g .
another expression of this psychic force is found in the cynicism and bitterness he [showed] from time to time when he grumbles about the dark , the flies and the cold ; but other references are very much stronger , e.g .

Despite the absence of two players , Alex Niepel and Ross Matheson , a high standard of tennis was displayed in the windy conditions .
despite the absence of two players , alex niepel and ross matheson , a high standard of tennis was [showed] in the windy conditions .

Pourquery displayed a variety of touch shots and moved with great athleticism about the court , to defeat his net rushing opponent 6–4 6–7 6–2 and earn himself an intriguing place in the final against Hunter .
pourquery [showed] a variety of touch shots and moved with great athleticism about the court , to defeat his net rushing opponent 6–4 6–7 6–2 and earn himself an intriguing place in the final against hunter .

It was a handsome building , much embellished by scrollwork picked out in cream , and topped by a tower something between a lighthouse and a campanile on which was displayed in enormous , twinkling light bulbs .
it was a handsome building , much embellished by scrollwork picked out in cream , and topped by a tower something between a lighthouse and a campanile on which was [showed] in enormous , twinkling light bulbs .

This trend is further displayed in their growing tendency to agree to be used as a pseudo-military arm of government in its socio-economic and industrial/political disputes with whole sections of society .
this trend is further [showed] in their growing tendency to agree to be used as a pseudo-military arm of government in its socio-economic and industrial/political disputes with whole sections of society .

What is required is a poetry which does not analyse or criticise , and is suitable for throngs and parades : we are in a situation where the self-portraits of the lyric author can be displayed like placards .
what is required is a poetry which does not analyse or criticise , and is suitable for throngs and parades : we are in a situation where the self-portraits of the lyric author can be [showed] like placards .

All those surveyed by Caterer & Hotelkeeper made sure charges were displayed and also offered guests the choice of using telephone call boxes in the hotel lobby .
all those surveyed by caterer & hotelkeeper made sure charges were [showed] and also offered guests the choice of using telephone call boxes in the hotel lobby .

Status of all rooms , including those ready for use , can be displayed and adjusted at the Hotel Manager workstation .
status of all rooms , including those ready for use , can be [showed] and adjusted at the hotel manager workstation .

Never leave anything that looks valuable openly displayed in your car .
never leave anything that looks valuable openly [showed] in your car .

Skinheads could be identified as a separate group in 1968 because of their distinctive dress and appearance , the type of music which they liked and the tough , aggressive behaviour which they displayed .
skinheads could be identified as a separate group in 1968 because of their distinctive dress and appearance , the type of music which they liked and the tough , aggressive behaviour which they [showed] .

Vital information is therefore always displayed .
vital information is therefore always [showed] .

During a decompression dive in expert mode , the ceiling is displayed at progressively increasing depths and times , together with a flashing ascend warning .
during a decompression dive in expert mode , the ceiling is [showed] at progressively increasing depths and times , together with a flashing ascend warning .

All stops and times are displayed so your ascent profile is known in advance .
all stops and times are [showed] so your ascent profile is known in advance .

Pro-File 's reprogrammability allows the decompression algorithm to be updated or changed , and personal information , like name and telephone number , displayed .
pro-file 's reprogrammability allows the decompression algorithm to be updated or changed , and personal information , like name and telephone number , [showed] .

The information is displayed in a simple and logical fashion .
the information is [showed] in a simple and logical fashion .

Then the current altitude mode selected is displayed .
then the current altitude mode selected is [showed] .

Should the battery run down , the notation bat will be displayed and it should not be used until serviced .
should the battery run down , the notation bat will be [showed] and it should not be used until serviced .

Since full control state information is displayed in the viewfinder port of the housing , the photographer can keep both hands on the housing and the eyes on the viewfinder port , concentrating on picture taking rather than housing operation .
since full control state information is [showed] in the viewfinder port of the housing , the photographer can keep both hands on the housing and the eyes on the viewfinder port , concentrating on picture taking rather than housing operation .

In Belfast they achieved minor fame ( on their bedroom wall a poster proudly displayed a Belfast Victim gig with support band The Undertones ) but in Manchester they slipped away into the endless dull circle of local pub gigs .
in belfast they achieved minor fame ( on their bedroom wall a poster proudly [showed] a belfast victim gig with support band the undertones ) but in manchester they slipped away into the endless dull circle of local pub gigs .

In a February issue of Record Mirror he displayed a strange coldness towards his leaving the band behind .
in a february issue of record mirror he [showed] a strange coldness towards his leaving the band behind .

Such spectacles were not likely to encourage an educated view of the treasures displayed .
such spectacles were not likely to encourage an educated view of the treasures [showed] .

Both Lucullus and his successor Pompey displayed works of art that were the property of the royal house of Pontus , emphasising the crushing of the dynasty by Rome .
both lucullus and his successor pompey [showed] works of art that were the property of the royal house of pontus , emphasising the crushing of the dynasty by rome .

In addition , the Greek sculptures displayed in Rome had been removed from their intended context , and were therefore reproduced without reference to it .
in addition , the greek sculptures [showed] in rome had been removed from their intended context , and were therefore reproduced without reference to it .

It is difficult to achieve truly three-dimensional accuracy with this method , but mathematical precision was not a prime requirement in Roman commissions , most of which were intended to be displayed in a setting with a restricted angle of view .
it is difficult to achieve truly three-dimensional accuracy with this method , but mathematical precision was not a prime requirement in roman commissions , most of which were intended to be [showed] in a setting with a restricted angle of view .

Most Roman statues were displayed in niches , which necessarily limited the angle of view .
most roman statues were [showed] in niches , which necessarily limited the angle of view .

Standing in the Townley Room and looking through to the sculptures displayed next door ( Room 83 ) , most of which were intended for public display , one is well aware of the reduced scale and decorative qualities sought by the private collector who wined and dined amidst his collection .
standing in the townley room and looking through to the sculptures [showed] next door ( room 83 ) , most of which were intended for public display , one is well aware of the reduced scale and decorative qualities sought by the private collector who wined and dined amidst his collection .

And lots of lean-to teashops with their sticky mud floors , mud walls with greasy pictures of gods and film stars ; the hole in the ground at the back where plates and glasses were washed and mouths swilled out ; grimy tables with uneven legs ; ants and wasps crawling around on the food displayed in front of the shop .
and lots of lean-to teashops with their sticky mud floors , mud walls with greasy pictures of gods and film stars ; the hole in the ground at the back where plates and glasses were washed and mouths swilled out ; grimy tables with uneven legs ; ants and wasps crawling around on the food [showed] in front of the shop .

The information board outside the Freemantle Police Station displayed a poster which offered a reward for information leading to the conviction of a person who had murdered a High Court judge .
the information board outside the freemantle police station [showed] a poster which offered a reward for information leading to the conviction of a person who had murdered a high court judge .

The magnificent view to the south , from the Boulevard des Pyrenees , built along the bluff above the fast-running Gave de Pau , displayed an inspiring panorama , thousands of miles of rich valley climbing towards the snowcapped Pyrenees .
the magnificent view to the south , from the boulevard des pyrenees , built along the bluff above the fast-running gave de pau , [showed] an inspiring panorama , thousands of miles of rich valley climbing towards the snowcapped pyrenees .

Ultimately Cambridge were well worth their victory by two goals , a try and two penalties to a goal , a try and a penalty because they displayed a predatory instinct for making the most of their chances .
ultimately cambridge were well worth their victory by two goals , a try and two penalties to a goal , a try and a penalty because they [showed] a predatory instinct for making the most of their chances .

People would emerge into a sunken greenhouse where organifarming methods would be displayed , and information given on its local practicalities and its world-wide implications .
people would emerge into a sunken greenhouse where organifarming methods would be [showed] , and information given on its local practicalities and its world-wide implications .

Or , in great contrast , there are the more modern abstract designs that might not look out of place displayed on a wall .
or , in great contrast , there are the more modern abstract designs that might not look out of place [showed] on a wall .

The minority , which could muster only 160 votes against the majority 's 855 , displayed considerable bitterness towards what they said was pressure on them to accept independence , and threats that they would lose their jobs or worse .
the minority , which could muster only 160 votes against the majority 's 855 , [showed] considerable bitterness towards what they said was pressure on them to accept independence , and threats that they would lose their jobs or worse .

As more reports emerged , putting the death toll in Timisoara between several hundred and several thousand , Mr Ceausescu said the security forces had displayed great patience and had fulfilled their duty towards ‘ the homeland , people and socialist achievements ’ .
as more reports emerged , putting the death toll in timisoara between several hundred and several thousand , mr ceausescu said the security forces had [showed] great patience and had fulfilled their duty towards ‘ the homeland , people and socialist achievements ’ .

That 's the way it looked out in the halls as they each displayed a show car as bright as any we 've seen since Tokyo last year .
that 's the way it looked out in the halls as they each [showed] a show car as bright as any we 've seen since tokyo last year .

The car displayed in Paris ( above ) had a Heuliez-developed turbocharged version of Renault 's 16-valve 2-litre , but all the major European manufacturers — Fiat , Volkswagen , Peugeot , Ford , General Motors and Mercedes — have similar units .
the car [showed] in paris ( above ) had a heuliez-developed turbocharged version of renault 's 16-valve 2-litre , but all the major european manufacturers — fiat , volkswagen , peugeot , ford , general motors and mercedes — have similar units .

The reasons for the brutality and racism which are displayed every day at the ports of entry in Britain and at the British High Commissions in the Indian subcontinent are the laws themselves — laws which are seen as essential to wider government policy and which though blatantly racist ( in fact they would not stand up before the Race Relations Act ) were each introduced as a contribution to good community relations .
the reasons for the brutality and racism which are [showed] every day at the ports of entry in britain and at the british high commissions in the indian subcontinent are the laws themselves — laws which are seen as essential to wider government policy and which though blatantly racist ( in fact they would not stand up before the race relations act ) were each introduced as a contribution to good community relations .

He first ventured into retailing in 1964 because he was so disenchanted with the way his furniture was being displayed in the shops to which he supplied .
he first ventured into retailing in 1964 because he was so disenchanted with the way his furniture was being [showed] in the shops to which he supplied .

He was appalled by the lack of imagination and innovation in the way the furniture was displayed .
he was appalled by the lack of imagination and innovation in the way the furniture was [showed] .

To show the trade how furniture should be displayed he opened his first Habitat in the Fulham Road in London .
to show the trade how furniture should be [showed] he opened his first habitat in the fulham road in london .

His teachers at his Plymouth school threw scorn on the idea of going to a redbrick university when he could have chosen Oxford , but he felt a strong pull towards oil engineering and displayed the stubborn streak that was later to characterise his industrial career .
his teachers at his plymouth school threw scorn on the idea of going to a redbrick university when he could have chosen oxford , but he felt a strong pull towards oil engineering and [showed] the stubborn streak that was later to characterise his industrial career .

She envisaged a shop where cleansing lotions would be displayed in simple bottles of all shapes and sizes and which would contain the natural ingredients she had come across during her trips to remote communities .
she envisaged a shop where cleansing lotions would be [showed] in simple bottles of all shapes and sizes and which would contain the natural ingredients she had come across during her trips to remote communities .

The unclothed body is not a ‘ self but a socialised body , a body that is opened by instruments , technologized , wounded , its organs displayed to the outside world .
the unclothed body is not a ‘ self but a socialised body , a body that is opened by instruments , technologized , wounded , its organs [showed] to the outside world .

The confidence displayed by the World Bank men and other donors in the early 1970s has clearly not fulfilled its promise .
the confidence [showed] by the world bank men and other donors in the early 1970s has clearly not fulfilled its promise .

Each shop will be identified by a window sticker and leaflets will be displayed inside the shop .
each shop will be identified by a window sticker and leaflets will be [showed] inside the shop .

In recent years the collective aggression displayed by groups of younger fans has caused a kind of ‘ moral panic ’ in the press .
in recent years the collective aggression [showed] by groups of younger fans has caused a kind of ‘ moral panic ’ in the press .

The decision came soon after Bentley 's Project 90 , a styling exercise designed to test customer reaction , proved ‘ quite a remarkable success ’ when displayed at the 1985 Geneva show .
the decision came soon after bentley 's project 90 , a styling exercise designed to test customer reaction , proved ‘ quite a remarkable success ’ when [showed] at the 1985 geneva show .

First , in making her appointments in 1975 to the Consultative Committee or Shadow Cabinet , Mrs Thatcher displayed conciliatory traits in retaining so many of Mr Heath 's appointees .
first , in making her appointments in 1975 to the consultative committee or shadow cabinet , mrs thatcher [showed] conciliatory traits in retaining so many of mr heath 's appointees .

The parliament 's deputies have displayed not only independence but an intelligent unwillingness to panic in the face of economic crisis .
the parliament 's deputies have [showed] not only independence but an intelligent unwillingness to panic in the face of economic crisis .

An overseas company dealing in works of art which used premises in London for viewing and storing works of art and controlled access to a secure vault at the premises had an established place of business in Great Britain on the premises , although other works of art not belonging to the company were also on the premises and no outward sign of the company , such as a nameplate , was displayed on the premises .
an overseas company dealing in works of art which used premises in london for viewing and storing works of art and controlled access to a secure vault at the premises had an established place of business in great britain on the premises , although other works of art not belonging to the company were also on the premises and no outward sign of the company , such as a nameplate , was [showed] on the premises .

These events are too often used as nuggets quarried from the record and displayed for our current instruction .
these events are too often used as nuggets quarried from the record and [showed] for our current instruction .

The tolls , which varied with the level of congestion and the time of day , were displayed on road-side signs .
the tolls , which varied with the level of congestion and the time of day , were [showed] on road-side signs .

There was , for example , an interesting garden near the site of Sloane Square owned by John Fraser ( 1750–1811 ) , who had crossed the Atlantic to collect plants in the wilds of North America and , on the site of Colville Terrace , James Colvill 's nursery displayed hitherto unknown flowers to excite general admiration .
there was , for example , an interesting garden near the site of sloane square owned by john fraser ( 1750–1811 ) , who had crossed the atlantic to collect plants in the wilds of north america and , on the site of colville terrace , james colvill 's nursery [showed] hitherto unknown flowers to excite general admiration .

With what a masterly skill is everyone of the varying tints displayed .
with what a masterly skill is everyone of the varying tints [showed] .

Additionally , the Society gave an assurance that all trees and plants described in their publication were available in their nurseries and were not just those displayed in botanic gardens , or owned by curious gentlemen .
additionally , the society gave an assurance that all trees and plants described in their publication were available in their nurseries and were not just those [showed] in botanic gardens , or owned by curious gentlemen .

Miller 's partiality for flowering shrubs is evident throughout his writing and among them perhaps the versatile roses offered him greatest scope : he appreciated the many aspects of this genus and he understood how they might be best displayed .
miller 's partiality for flowering shrubs is evident throughout his writing and among them perhaps the versatile roses offered him greatest scope : he appreciated the many aspects of this genus and he understood how they might be best [showed] .

In order to please the Barons , the new king acclaimed knightly chivalry with jousts and tournaments in which pageantry , courage and military prowess could be displayed .
in order to please the barons , the new king acclaimed knightly chivalry with jousts and tournaments in which pageantry , courage and military prowess could be [showed] .

The conversion took place of the old Vestry Hall on the corner of Heathfield Terrace and Sutton Court Road , at the beginning of the twentieth century , for the new Urban District Council of Chiswick , the building included not only the Council Chamber and offices and a large Town Hall , but also another Hall named after Hogarth , whose bust is still displayed in the Entrance vestibule .
the conversion took place of the old vestry hall on the corner of heathfield terrace and sutton court road , at the beginning of the twentieth century , for the new urban district council of chiswick , the building included not only the council chamber and offices and a large town hall , but also another hall named after hogarth , whose bust is still [showed] in the entrance vestibule .

North Wales and Wester Ross displayed the greatest community spirit with just on half the farms relying on neighbours .
north wales and wester ross [showed] the greatest community spirit with just on half the farms relying on neighbours .

Several ornaments from a displayed collection of unpleasant little figurines had been swept off a small table .
several ornaments from a [showed] collection of unpleasant little figurines had been swept off a small table .

Anne and Dad both bought her paintings and displayed them prominently , and Cameron used his fee from a sanitary napkin commercial to finance an exhibition in London .
anne and dad both bought her paintings and [showed] them prominently , and cameron used his fee from a sanitary napkin commercial to finance an exhibition in london .

He was mentioned in despatches , for having displayed the same casual courage his companions had remarked on before the war as he pursued his favourite pastime of mountaineering ( he had neither the time nor patience for golf and was reckoned by devotees to be only a fair-weather fisherman ) .
he was mentioned in despatches , for having [showed] the same casual courage his companions had remarked on before the war as he pursued his favourite pastime of mountaineering ( he had neither the time nor patience for golf and was reckoned by devotees to be only a fair-weather fisherman ) .

Aber Instruments displayed its new research and industrial biomass monitors .
aber instruments [showed] its new research and industrial biomass monitors .

The legacy of Chernobyl by Segal and Morris mentions the well-known selectivity for caesium displayed by synthetic and natural zeolites .
the legacy of chernobyl by segal and morris mentions the well-known selectivity for caesium [showed] by synthetic and natural zeolites .

With a sweeping run down the outside , the Sadler 's Wells colt displayed impressive acceleration to lead inside the two-furlong marker and draw clear for a length-and-a-half victory over Dr Devious , from whom he was receiving 5lb .
with a sweeping run down the outside , the sadler 's wells colt [showed] impressive acceleration to lead inside the two-furlong marker and draw clear for a length-and-a-half victory over dr devious , from whom he was receiving 5lb .

The specialist team displayed a slight tendency ( n.s . )
the specialist team [showed] a slight tendency ( n.s . )

In terms of visiting and recorded contacts with other agencies , the specialist team displayed a clearer pattern of activities than the other teams : while cases remained open they visited more , and did not ‘ monitor only ’ ; if closed and re-opened , cases came back for re-assessment in fewer numbers ; and in both categories the rate of contacts with other agencies was higher .
in terms of visiting and recorded contacts with other agencies , the specialist team [showed] a clearer pattern of activities than the other teams : while cases remained open they visited more , and did not ‘ monitor only ’ ; if closed and re-opened , cases came back for re-assessment in fewer numbers ; and in both categories the rate of contacts with other agencies was higher .

The shop bell had tinkled frequently for the past hour , most of the customers having been the ha'penny and penny ones , some of whom were now standing outside at the shop window oohing and aahing at the Christmas goodies displayed there , all entwined with coloured streamers and illuminated by the two gas lamps attached to the side wall of the shop and plopping inside their pretty pink glass globes , while casting a rosy light overall , even over the small faces pressed against the window .
the shop bell had tinkled frequently for the past hour , most of the customers having been the ha'penny and penny ones , some of whom were now standing outside at the shop window oohing and aahing at the christmas goodies [showed] there , all entwined with coloured streamers and illuminated by the two gas lamps attached to the side wall of the shop and plopping inside their pretty pink glass globes , while casting a rosy light overall , even over the small faces pressed against the window .

There was even displayed a velvet cap with a tassel .
there was even [showed] a velvet cap with a tassel .

Chris Vieler-Porter suggests four categories of mainstream British cinematic representation of Blacks : ( a ) colonial-based dramas ; ( b ) race-based dramas , in which category he places both Sapphire and Flame in the Streets ; ( c ) race assemblage dramas , in which the Black presence is required to ‘ provide a background against which White emotions can be displayed … to be the founding source of comedy ’ and to act as ‘ a mark of difference in ‘ the team ’ of the adventure film ’ ; and ( d ) ethnic drama .
chris vieler-porter suggests four categories of mainstream british cinematic representation of blacks : ( a ) colonial-based dramas ; ( b ) race-based dramas , in which category he places both sapphire and flame in the streets ; ( c ) race assemblage dramas , in which the black presence is required to ‘ provide a background against which white emotions can be [showed] … to be the founding source of comedy ’ and to act as ‘ a mark of difference in ‘ the team ’ of the adventure film ’ ; and ( d ) ethnic drama .

In their traditional exhibitionist role women are simultaneously looked at and displayed , with their appearance coded for strong visual and erotic impact so that they can be said to connote to-be-looked-at-ness .
in their traditional exhibitionist role women are simultaneously looked at and [showed] , with their appearance coded for strong visual and erotic impact so that they can be said to connote to-be-looked-at-ness .

For the woman as sexual object , displayed as spectacle on the screen in Hollywood cinema , is not just a source of pleasure but also imbued with threat since her lack of a penis implies castration .
for the woman as sexual object , [showed] as spectacle on the screen in hollywood cinema , is not just a source of pleasure but also imbued with threat since her lack of a penis implies castration .

In his third professional contest two weeks ago , against the veteran Welshman Andy Gerrard , Lewis displayed patience , mobility , a punishing left jab , and the power of his punching .
in his third professional contest two weeks ago , against the veteran welshman andy gerrard , lewis [showed] patience , mobility , a punishing left jab , and the power of his punching .

Never , indeed , has one seen such shoddy workmanship in a Polish team as that displayed at Wembley in June , when they lost 3-0 , dismaying the folks back home .
never , indeed , has one seen such shoddy workmanship in a polish team as that [showed] at wembley in june , when they lost 3-0 , dismaying the folks back home .

Hobbs , who last played for Great Britain in France in 1987 , returns to international favour on the strength of the maturity he has displayed since taking over the captaincy at Bradford this season .
hobbs , who last played for great britain in france in 1987 , returns to international favour on the strength of the maturity he has [showed] since taking over the captaincy at bradford this season .

And , even amid its licensed disorderly streets , ceremonial and ritual can hold sway — as is displayed by the stately procession through the teeming revellers of a stoop-kneed , silk-swathed geisha and her entourage .
and , even amid its licensed disorderly streets , ceremonial and ritual can hold sway — as is [showed] by the stately procession through the teeming revellers of a stoop-kneed , silk-swathed geisha and her entourage .

Unlike other occasions , no bodies were displayed .
unlike other occasions , no bodies were [showed] .

Or perhaps the plot of a story like this demands such heroism from Jacob , never mind the unheroic qualities he has displayed before .
or perhaps the plot of a story like this demands such heroism from jacob , never mind the unheroic qualities he has [showed] before .

Between them those three patriarchs displayed all the characteristics which brought God such despair in the earlier stages of the story .
between them those three patriarchs [showed] all the characteristics which brought god such despair in the earlier stages of the story .

The reason people thought she was naked all through the film was because she displayed a different attitude to sex from the one that prevailed in films at that time .
the reason people thought she was naked all through the film was because she [showed] a different attitude to sex from the one that prevailed in films at that time .

What Playmates invariably displayed , giving generous measure , were a collector 's pair of breasts .
what playmates invariably [showed] , giving generous measure , were a collector 's pair of breasts .

Mr Edleston said that the products most likely to succeed were those which displayed quality standards , innovation and added value in a unique way at a reasonable price .
mr edleston said that the products most likely to succeed were those which [showed] quality standards , innovation and added value in a unique way at a reasonable price .

The 10 best entries will be displayed on our stand in the Royal Smithfield Show in December .
the 10 best entries will be [showed] on our stand in the royal smithfield show in december .

At Kempt Tower , St Ouen , 450 fuchsia varieties will be displayed in a number of setting .
at kempt tower , st ouen , 450 fuchsia varieties will be [showed] in a number of setting .

While most are displayed on benches , you 're just as likely to turn the corner on , say , a group of bathroom plants complete with bath , or shade-lovers in their very own north-facing living room .
while most are [showed] on benches , you 're just as likely to turn the corner on , say , a group of bathroom plants complete with bath , or shade-lovers in their very own north-facing living room .

Apart from the coal areas , where sympathetic strike action was strongly evident , and the rural areas , where it was not , the rest of the country displayed immense diversity .
apart from the coal areas , where sympathetic strike action was strongly evident , and the rural areas , where it was not , the rest of the country [showed] immense diversity .

In the South East the unlikely towns of King 's Lynn and Eastbourne were evidently strongholds of the strike while Aldershot , Maidstone , Dorking , Lowestoft and Yarmouth displayed only lukewarm interest .
in the south east the unlikely towns of king 's lynn and eastbourne were evidently strongholds of the strike while aldershot , maidstone , dorking , lowestoft and yarmouth [showed] only lukewarm interest .

This queer way of writing filled me with foreboding , because it seemed to indicate a cold , self-centred nature , the reverse of the outgoing geniality he displayed to one and all .
this queer way of writing filled me with foreboding , because it seemed to indicate a cold , self-centred nature , the reverse of the outgoing geniality he [showed] to one and all .

The coffin is displayed in the museum attached to the Roman Baths .
the coffin is [showed] in the museum attached to the roman baths .

On top of some were displayed heavy glass bottles of fizzy pop , or coloured postcards , or jig-saws or ragdolls with floppy arms .
on top of some were [showed] heavy glass bottles of fizzy pop , or coloured postcards , or jig-saws or ragdolls with floppy arms .

Undercliffe Cemetery in Bradford displayed a pagan temple , guarded by two sphinxes , and Highgate actually boasted an Egyptian Avenue .
undercliffe cemetery in bradford [showed] a pagan temple , guarded by two sphinxes , and highgate actually boasted an egyptian avenue .

Archaeological units are also being tempted by the impressive capabilities of geographic information systems , which in essence allow maps to be stored , displayed , overlaid and updated on a computer screen .
archaeological units are also being tempted by the impressive capabilities of geographic information systems , which in essence allow maps to be stored , [showed] , overlaid and updated on a computer screen .

Any word or phrase not recognised by the computer as being on the authority list will cause the list of available choices to be displayed .
any word or phrase not recognised by the computer as being on the authority list will cause the list of available choices to be [showed] .

Browsing through the thesaurus allows the user to move between ideas and concepts , on the one hand , and individual terms — either as an alphabetical list , or as separate records in which all the terms that are related in any way are displayed , along with the scope notes .
browsing through the thesaurus allows the user to move between ideas and concepts , on the one hand , and individual terms — either as an alphabetical list , or as separate records in which all the terms that are related in any way are [showed] , along with the scope notes .

Then with an energy which he had not yet displayed he took hold of Patrick .
then with an energy which he had not yet [showed] he took hold of patrick .

So that some of this variety can be displayed in a simple fashion at the outset , a listing of different political economic contexts under which soil erosion occurs is given below .
so that some of this variety can be [showed] in a simple fashion at the outset , a listing of different political economic contexts under which soil erosion occurs is given below .

( Simplified representations of versions of this experimental design are displayed in Table 5.1 . )
( simplified representations of versions of this experimental design are [showed] in table 5.1 . )

His decision was prompted by Mrs Thatcher 's vehemently expressed opposition to proposals for monetary union at a recent European Community summit in Rome and a strident populist performance in Parliament in which she displayed considerable hostility to the idea of European integration .
his decision was prompted by mrs thatcher 's vehemently expressed opposition to proposals for monetary union at a recent european community summit in rome and a strident populist performance in parliament in which she [showed] considerable hostility to the idea of european integration .

The evident surprise displayed by some Cabinet ministers about her reference to a referendum lent further weight to his criticisms of her style of leadership and unwillingness to consult Cabinet colleagues .
the evident surprise [showed] by some cabinet ministers about her reference to a referendum lent further weight to his criticisms of her style of leadership and unwillingness to consult cabinet colleagues .

If so , then the reasons for this are probably related to the fact that they have been the party of government and their ideas are consequently more newsworthy ; that they have displayed greater skill and exerted greater effort in publicising their views ; and that the other parties delayed the formulation of their interpretations of the concept .
if so , then the reasons for this are probably related to the fact that they have been the party of government and their ideas are consequently more newsworthy ; that they have [showed] greater skill and exerted greater effort in publicising their views ; and that the other parties delayed the formulation of their interpretations of the concept .

The Labour Party has displayed less enthusiasm for citizenship than the other two major parties .
the labour party has [showed] less enthusiasm for citizenship than the other two major parties .

Apart from this in-built political impartiality , the speed and low-cost of the Robletts ' unique photographic reproduction of posters allowed the two main contenders to place orders one evening and have the finished product displayed at their conferences next day .
apart from this in-built political impartiality , the speed and low-cost of the robletts ' unique photographic reproduction of posters allowed the two main contenders to place orders one evening and have the finished product [showed] at their conferences next day .

From boyhood Roberts displayed a brilliant and self-tutored mathematical brain and a rapacious appetite for radio knowledge , much of which he absorbed from the journal Wireless World and in public libraries .
from boyhood roberts [showed] a brilliant and self-tutored mathematical brain and a rapacious appetite for radio knowledge , much of which he absorbed from the journal wireless world and in public libraries .

An outstanding speaker and prolific journalist , she displayed tremendous courage in defying public opinion on several issues , including birth control .
an outstanding speaker and prolific journalist , she [showed] tremendous courage in defying public opinion on several issues , including birth control .

Yet for all his protestations at being a plain old wordsmith , and a plagiarist at that , Asimov displayed one of the most dynamic imaginations in the sci-fi business .
yet for all his protestations at being a plain old wordsmith , and a plagiarist at that , asimov [showed] one of the most dynamic imaginations in the sci-fi business .

The extremely utilitarian front end of the Sprinters is displayed against the massive ironwork of the Forth Bridge by No 150284 as it heads south working the 13.40 Dundee to Edinburgh train on 29 August 1988 .
the extremely utilitarian front end of the sprinters is [showed] against the massive ironwork of the forth bridge by no 150284 as it heads south working the 13.40 dundee to edinburgh train on 29 august 1988 .

And they insist patronisingly that the religious fervour displayed by some British Muslims symbolises a wider social distress .
and they insist patronisingly that the religious fervour [showed] by some british muslims symbolises a wider social distress .

After processing the data , the equation , selected by the program or user , is also displayed on return to the summary screen .
after processing the data , the equation , selected by the program or user , is also [showed] on return to the summary screen .

But what looks like a lock-up just means that the program needs time to respond before any further keys are struck — a ‘ wait ’ sign or similar signal could be usefully displayed here .
but what looks like a lock-up just means that the program needs time to respond before any further keys are struck — a ‘ wait ’ sign or similar signal could be usefully [showed] here .

Zoomed-in partitions can be displayed on a single screen
zoomed-in partitions can be [showed] on a single screen

And for some there were conferences and congresses in glamorous places , the glittering prizes satirically displayed in Lodge 's Small World .
and for some there were conferences and congresses in glamorous places , the glittering prizes satirically [showed] in lodge 's small world .

Ta Kung Pao , the Communist newspaper regarded as the most reliable voice in Hong Kong of the Peking leadership , displayed a poster reading : ‘ Wash away the shame of the country .
ta kung pao , the communist newspaper regarded as the most reliable voice in hong kong of the peking leadership , [showed] a poster reading : ‘ wash away the shame of the country .

On the other hand , Charles Mackerras ' wonderful pot-pourri of tunes from the Gilbert and Sullivan operas for Pineapple Poll displayed how well he has caught not only the humour but also the pathos of The Bum Boat Woman 's Story .
on the other hand , charles mackerras ' wonderful pot-pourri of tunes from the gilbert and sullivan operas for pineapple poll [showed] how well he has caught not only the humour but also the pathos of the bum boat woman 's story .

He realised , as did later choreographers , that the steps and patterns of such material had to be properly displayed to the audience , not just danced for themselves .
he realised , as did later choreographers , that the steps and patterns of such material had to be properly [showed] to the audience , not just danced for themselves .

Even the most hawkish Israeli can not ignore the readiness for sacrifice that the Palestinans have displayed .
even the most hawkish israeli can not ignore the readiness for sacrifice that the palestinans have [showed] .

Even the most hawkish Israeli can not ignore the readiness for sacrifice that the Palestinans have displayed .
even the most hawkish israeli can not ignore the readiness for sacrifice that the palestinans have [showed] .

Did you feel impressed by the standard of work displayed on the walls ?
did you feel impressed by the standard of work [showed] on the walls ?

Is your school meals organisation user friendly ? Is it an integrated part of the service the school offers ? Or is it more like feeding time in a wartime army canteen ? Do the kitchen staff treat the children as valued customers ? Do they smile ? Do they try to remember the children 's names ? Do they see their job as offering a service to children or do they see themselves as doing the children a favour by serving them ? Are menus prominently and attractively displayed ? Do the children really want what is on offer ? These things matter and they are part of the school 's service to parents and children .
is your school meals organisation user friendly ? is it an integrated part of the service the school offers ? or is it more like feeding time in a wartime army canteen ? do the kitchen staff treat the children as valued customers ? do they smile ? do they try to remember the children 's names ? do they see their job as offering a service to children or do they see themselves as doing the children a favour by serving them ? are menus prominently and attractively [showed] ? do the children really want what is on offer ? these things matter and they are part of the school 's service to parents and children .

Decisions should also be reached as to whether appointment lists should be displayed in the school and parents invited to come in to choose a discussion time or whether staff will decide and write to parents informing them of an allocated time .
decisions should also be reached as to whether appointment lists should be [showed] in the school and parents invited to come in to choose a discussion time or whether staff will decide and write to parents informing them of an allocated time .

Shorter himself was displayed prominently at the busiest intersection of the moor , Wishmoor Cross , where three counties and four parishes meet .
shorter himself was [showed] prominently at the busiest intersection of the moor , wishmoor cross , where three counties and four parishes meet .

Today it is kept in the cathedral of Monza a little to the north-east of Milan , where it is displayed at certain times .
today it is kept in the cathedral of monza a little to the north-east of milan , where it is [showed] at certain times .

It consists of one huge room with a hemispherical vault on which are displayed the stars and planets .
it consists of one huge room with a hemispherical vault on which are [showed] the stars and planets .

They did n't use a full-time science man , only that wet psychiatrist with a profile that he displayed to a damned sight better advantage than his puny little mind .
they did n't use a full-time science man , only that wet psychiatrist with a profile that he [showed] to a damned sight better advantage than his puny little mind .

’ Marjorie made a moue at Isobel , who had walked over to the cot in the far comer of the room and was standing in the same apparently relaxed but watchful posture she had displayed downstairs .
’ marjorie made a moue at isobel , who had walked over to the cot in the far comer of the room and was standing in the same apparently relaxed but watchful posture she had [showed] downstairs .

… some time cook-maid in a gentleman 's family in the neighbourhood . Her fondness for writing verses there displayed itself by her sometimes taking up her pen while the jack was standing still , and the meat scorching
… some time cook-maid in a gentleman 's family in the neighbourhood . her fondness for writing verses there [showed] itself by her sometimes taking up her pen while the jack was standing still , and the meat scorching

The difference between them was that Soutine slunk away ashamed when he was drunk whilst Modi displayed a theatrical abandon .
the difference between them was that soutine slunk away ashamed when he was drunk whilst modi [showed] a theatrical abandon .

Zborowski displayed an intuitive and passionate enthusiasm for works of art .
zborowski [showed] an intuitive and passionate enthusiasm for works of art .

In June 1917 his paintings were on exhibition again at the improvised gallery in the Rue Huyghens , where Modigliani , Kisling and Zadkine each had a wall with their works displayed .
in june 1917 his paintings were on exhibition again at the improvised gallery in the rue huyghens , where modigliani , kisling and zadkine each had a wall with their works [showed] .

However , his romanticism displayed itself not only in his paying court to young women and in producing verses which are best forgotten , but also in his cultivating the memory of his uncle .
however , his romanticism [showed] itself not only in his paying court to young women and in producing verses which are best forgotten , but also in his cultivating the memory of his uncle .

In the sixties a mechanical piano was added to the furniture of the Empress 's drawing room , the famous Salon Chinois in which was displayed a portion of the loot which the French army had acquired when the Summer Palace at Peking had been sacked .
in the sixties a mechanical piano was added to the furniture of the empress 's drawing room , the famous salon chinois in which was [showed] a portion of the loot which the french army had acquired when the summer palace at peking had been sacked .

Examples of purposeful and pleasurable uses of print should be displayed in classrooms , foyers and school libraries .
examples of purposeful and pleasurable uses of print should be [showed] in classrooms , foyers and school libraries .

Well presented notices , labels and children 's own work should also be displayed to stress the communicative character of the written word .
well presented notices , labels and children 's own work should also be [showed] to stress the communicative character of the written word .

( ii ) They should be taught , over a wide range of texts , how to analyse with some sophistication the differences between attitudes or assumptions displayed by a character and those of the author .
( ii ) they should be taught , over a wide range of texts , how to analyse with some sophistication the differences between attitudes or assumptions [showed] by a character and those of the author .

( v ) Pupils should be encouraged to use whatever presentational devices are appropriate for a given piece of work — particularly work that is to be displayed or made public .
( v ) pupils should be encouraged to use whatever presentational devices are appropriate for a given piece of work — particularly work that is to be [showed] or made public .

Of course , there are no longer bawdy houses , where these unfortunates are displayed openly to debauched satyrs .
of course , there are no longer bawdy houses , where these unfortunates are [showed] openly to debauched satyrs .

’ He rose and went to a bookcase , where leather-bound books were displayed .
’ he rose and went to a bookcase , where leather-bound books were [showed] .

The Damianis had bought the decrepit domed buildings from the Jaffa municipality and for several decades after the First World War the name of Damiani was proudly displayed in English and Arabic over the vaulted gateway where Turkish pashas once administered the law .
the damianis had bought the decrepit domed buildings from the jaffa municipality and for several decades after the first world war the name of damiani was proudly [showed] in english and arabic over the vaulted gateway where turkish pashas once administered the law .

She takes a short cut down Avondale Road , and passes the five-bedroom detached house of Vic Wilcox without a glance , for she does not know him from Adam , and the house is outwardly no different from any of the other modern executive dwellings in this exclusive residential district : red brick and white paint , ‘ Georgian ’ windows , a tarmac drive and double garage , a burglar alarm prominently displayed on the front elevation . )
she takes a short cut down avondale road , and passes the five-bedroom detached house of vic wilcox without a glance , for she does not know him from adam , and the house is outwardly no different from any of the other modern executive dwellings in this exclusive residential district : red brick and white paint , ‘ georgian ’ windows , a tarmac drive and double garage , a burglar alarm prominently [showed] on the front elevation . )

When you arrive at the hotel your name goes to the bottom of a list of other fishing guests ' names , displayed on a blackboard .
when you arrive at the hotel your name goes to the bottom of a list of other fishing guests ' names , [showed] on a blackboard .

The first , a fish of 5lb , was displayed in the hotel by its proud captor , being much admired by guests .
the first , a fish of 5lb , was [showed] in the hotel by its proud captor , being much admired by guests .

As amended in 1965 , it covered any person who in any public place or at any public meeting used threatening , abusive , or insulting words or behaviour or distributed or displayed any writing , sign , or other visible representation which was threatening , abusive , or insulting .
as amended in 1965 , it covered any person who in any public place or at any public meeting used threatening , abusive , or insulting words or behaviour or distributed or [showed] any writing , sign , or other visible representation which was threatening , abusive , or insulting .

These had gradually developed in the preceding ten years , and were displayed on British streets on a consistent basis for the first time during this dispute .
these had gradually developed in the preceding ten years , and were [showed] on british streets on a consistent basis for the first time during this dispute .

Then , with the fluidity usually only displayed by cartoon characters , she swooped down and around her daughter ; her arms cradled each shoulder and her face slid down next to Maisie 's .
then , with the fluidity usually only [showed] by cartoon characters , she swooped down and around her daughter ; her arms cradled each shoulder and her face slid down next to maisie 's .

Well , if you were looking for the qualities Elinor had displayed in their years together , you could probably only have done better by marrying a man-eating tiger .
well , if you were looking for the qualities elinor had [showed] in their years together , you could probably only have done better by marrying a man-eating tiger .

In this , Rodrigo once again displayed his judgement of what was best for Spain , for under this oath Alfonso gained the support of those who doubted his right to rule , as well as the support of El Cid himself , who now showed himself willing to stand by the new King .
in this , rodrigo once again [showed] his judgement of what was best for spain , for under this oath alfonso gained the support of those who doubted his right to rule , as well as the support of el cid himself , who now showed himself willing to stand by the new king .

Exiled for the second time and without the support of many of the Castilian knights who had followed him before , Rodrigo once again displayed his qualities of a great commander .
exiled for the second time and without the support of many of the castilian knights who had followed him before , rodrigo once again [showed] his qualities of a great commander .

Displayed in this manner , the grey anorak will serve its purchaser well , by having him ordered off the hill by Mountain Rescue before his car boot is slammed shut .
[showed] in this manner , the grey anorak will serve its purchaser well , by having him ordered off the hill by mountain rescue before his car boot is slammed shut .

The two malefactors had been displayed to the assembled school as ‘ Trespassers Loitering with Criminal Intent ’ , and were suitably abashed .
the two malefactors had been [showed] to the assembled school as ‘ trespassers loitering with criminal intent ’ , and were suitably abashed .

The effect of sea water on a basaltic magma is sometimes clearly displayed in places like Hawaii if there is a long active fissure , extending from inland towards the coast .
the effect of sea water on a basaltic magma is sometimes clearly [showed] in places like hawaii if there is a long active fissure , extending from inland towards the coast .

When this happens , one can see clearly displayed just the convulsions and contortions the lava goes through as it flows : the bands are tightly folded in tortuous patterns .
when this happens , one can see clearly [showed] just the convulsions and contortions the lava goes through as it flows : the bands are tightly folded in tortuous patterns .

Although this probably represented ten times what she would normally expect she displayed no emotion as she accepted it .
although this probably represented ten times what she would normally expect she [showed] no emotion as she accepted it .

She walked slowly up the street on the shaded side , stepping carefully round the stalls set up on the pavement and the goods displayed by some vendors which were spread out on cloths on the pavement itself .
she walked slowly up the street on the shaded side , stepping carefully round the stalls set up on the pavement and the goods [showed] by some vendors which were spread out on cloths on the pavement itself .

The buildings above these laundries displayed the densest clustering of washing poles .
the buildings above these laundries [showed] the densest clustering of washing poles .

It is important to notice that although the symptoms displayed by the patient usually relate to the terminal illness , there may be times when they arise from some separate , independent condition .
it is important to notice that although the symptoms [showed] by the patient usually relate to the terminal illness , there may be times when they arise from some separate , independent condition .

For , despite the remarkable mathematical and astronomical expertise displayed by the Maya priests , their mental outlook was magical and not scientific .
for , despite the remarkable mathematical and astronomical expertise [showed] by the maya priests , their mental outlook was magical and not scientific .

An infuriated Charles ordered the battering of Newgate , where artillery breached the wall and hit the nearby Carmelite house ( now Whitefriars Museum where Civil War will be displayed ) supposedly killing two of the occupants .
an infuriated charles ordered the battering of newgate , where artillery breached the wall and hit the nearby carmelite house ( now whitefriars museum where civil war will be [showed] ) supposedly killing two of the occupants .

Coaches of silver spoons , coins and other treasures will be displayed to complement the Civil War exhibition .
coaches of silver spoons , coins and other treasures will be [showed] to complement the civil war exhibition .

The plants are displayed in the old farm yard and we have made many garden areas where our visitors enjoy browsing .
the plants are [showed] in the old farm yard and we have made many garden areas where our visitors enjoy browsing .

Between them they expressed the opposing feelings so often displayed by young children in the peak age of attachment : on the one hand , the protest and fury about being left — cries of rage — and then a sullen refusal to acknowledge and come to the mother ; on the other hand , the desperate yearning for the loved one and a need to cling and not let go .
between them they expressed the opposing feelings so often [showed] by young children in the peak age of attachment : on the one hand , the protest and fury about being left — cries of rage — and then a sullen refusal to acknowledge and come to the mother ; on the other hand , the desperate yearning for the loved one and a need to cling and not let go .

The jaw hung slightly open and the lips , peeled back in a snarl , displayed two rows of perfect teeth , the pink tip of a tongue , and a mouthful of blood-tinged white froth .
the jaw hung slightly open and the lips , peeled back in a snarl , [showed] two rows of perfect teeth , the pink tip of a tongue , and a mouthful of blood-tinged white froth .

No one approached the dog : it lay in a space of its own with its head and shoulders displayed on the icy stones of the path , its hindquarters crouched in the frosty grass .
no one approached the dog : it lay in a space of its own with its head and shoulders [showed] on the icy stones of the path , its hindquarters crouched in the frosty grass .

The new spirit of cooperation between France and the United States was soon being displayed in the operations of an American privateer sailing from French ports .
the new spirit of cooperation between france and the united states was soon being [showed] in the operations of an american privateer sailing from french ports .

No Met nor Notam information was displayed , and we had to ask for the Met before filing our flight-plan to Santiago .
no met nor notam information was [showed] , and we had to ask for the met before filing our flight-plan to santiago .

Although their dress was not equipped to deal with soaking weather and although they may have been expected to turn back at the sight of such greyness , they continued and even displayed some sense of enjoyment at the discomfort each was experiencing .
although their dress was not equipped to deal with soaking weather and although they may have been expected to turn back at the sight of such greyness , they continued and even [showed] some sense of enjoyment at the discomfort each was experiencing .

In every respect , she displayed a love and devotion for Mother which went far beyond the line of filial duty .
in every respect , she [showed] a love and devotion for mother which went far beyond the line of filial duty .

After several years he displayed the results in London in 1804 but said himself that the calves at one month old were ‘ as fat as quails ’ , though he declared that in due course the hide , flesh , milk and tallow would be of superior quality and value .
after several years he [showed] the results in london in 1804 but said himself that the calves at one month old were ‘ as fat as quails ’ , though he declared that in due course the hide , flesh , milk and tallow would be of superior quality and value .

Research comparing young and older people 's attitudes to sexual morality has found that both groups displayed the same degree of flexibility .
research comparing young and older people 's attitudes to sexual morality has found that both groups [showed] the same degree of flexibility .

While the exhibition certainly illustrated ways in which fashion and furniture designers could create new products which were exciting , the tastes they displayed and , in the case of many items , the cost of the production would have removed them from the custom and purses of many older people .
while the exhibition certainly illustrated ways in which fashion and furniture designers could create new products which were exciting , the tastes they [showed] and , in the case of many items , the cost of the production would have removed them from the custom and purses of many older people .

Ants U/14s displayed intelligent and confident netball to win the inter-sports centre competition involving Alton , Horndean , Petersfield , Bohunt and Mill Chase .
ants u/14s [showed] intelligent and confident netball to win the inter-sports centre competition involving alton , horndean , petersfield , bohunt and mill chase .

Handbills and windowbills will be displayed on buses and distributed throughout the area .
handbills and windowbills will be [showed] on buses and distributed throughout the area .

And , in the Franks Report on ministerial handling of the conflict , we have an archive which not only shortens dramatically the interval before the normal release of classified information but goes considerably further than any disclosures at the end of the statutory thirty years in the amount of intelligence material displayed .
and , in the franks report on ministerial handling of the conflict , we have an archive which not only shortens dramatically the interval before the normal release of classified information but goes considerably further than any disclosures at the end of the statutory thirty years in the amount of intelligence material [showed] .

The League and Central League trophies , for the first time held by one club , decked with blue and white ribbons , were displayed in the directors ' box and carried round the field at half-time .
the league and central league trophies , for the first time held by one club , decked with blue and white ribbons , were [showed] in the directors ' box and carried round the field at half-time .

In 1963 , the car was donated to the National Tramway Museum , where it is now displayed , pending its return to native rails as a most remarkable survivor !
in 1963 , the car was donated to the national tramway museum , where it is now [showed] , pending its return to native rails as a most remarkable survivor !

When Mr. Shrewsbury of Camberwell displayed his model tramcar to the Tramways Committee on January 13 1897 , they saw its advantages and bought the patent .
when mr. shrewsbury of camberwell [showed] his model tramcar to the tramways committee on january 13 1897 , they saw its advantages and bought the patent .

The Blackpool Civic Trust made the restoration of the car their special project for the Borough Centenary in 1976 , and accordingly the car returned in 1975 and was displayed on the Promenade opposite the Foxhall .
the blackpool civic trust made the restoration of the car their special project for the borough centenary in 1976 , and accordingly the car returned in 1975 and was [showed] on the promenade opposite the foxhall .

Early morning visitors to the fish market can see the catches — packed in ice at sea and winched ashore to be displayed in boxes — being auctioned from 7.30 a.m. onwards .
early morning visitors to the fish market can see the catches — packed in ice at sea and winched ashore to be [showed] in boxes — being auctioned from 7.30 a.m. onwards .

Built in 1775–9 round a large quadrangle , the hall is on two and three storeys with continuous colonnades , and consists of more than three hundred separate rooms or offices where cloth makers displayed their wares to the wholesale merchants on Saturday mornings .
built in 1775–9 round a large quadrangle , the hall is on two and three storeys with continuous colonnades , and consists of more than three hundred separate rooms or offices where cloth makers [showed] their wares to the wholesale merchants on saturday mornings .

symbol of judicial authority displayed in the Admiralty Court in Doctors ' Commons .
symbol of judicial authority [showed] in the admiralty court in doctors ' commons .

Laws without strong enforcement are words without deeds , and the tragic truth is that courts in both England and the United States have displayed a general unwillingness to mete out harsh punishment to those found guilty of cruelty to animals and an even greater reluctance to render guilty verdicts in the first place .
laws without strong enforcement are words without deeds , and the tragic truth is that courts in both england and the united states have [showed] a general unwillingness to mete out harsh punishment to those found guilty of cruelty to animals and an even greater reluctance to render guilty verdicts in the first place .

The patterns displayed are broadly similar with inversion maxima of — 1500 m recognised on both interpretations .
the patterns [showed] are broadly similar with inversion maxima of — 1500 m recognised on both interpretations .

This well has been drilled through a tectonically stressed area , as demonstrated by the hole break-out displayed in Fig .
this well has been drilled through a tectonically stressed area , as demonstrated by the hole break-out [showed] in fig .

The orientation of the long axis of an elliptical borehole is displayed when the break-out criteria are satisfied .
the orientation of the long axis of an elliptical borehole is [showed] when the break-out criteria are satisfied .

Beginning and ending with formal parades , it displayed all the paradoxes of an occupation whose function was simultaneously to be both the controllers and the controlled .
beginning and ending with formal parades , it [showed] all the paradoxes of an occupation whose function was simultaneously to be both the controllers and the controlled .

Select the paragraph(s) displayed in a new format which are to be returned to the original format
select the paragraph(s) [showed] in a new format which are to be returned to the original format

They will be displayed until a different option is chosen
they will be [showed] until a different option is chosen

Mrs Sutton sold all sorts of items not only tea , sugar , butter and other essentials but also innumerable medicines , corn cures , pot menders and suchlike , all displayed on hanging cards at the back of the shop .
mrs sutton sold all sorts of items not only tea , sugar , butter and other essentials but also innumerable medicines , corn cures , pot menders and suchlike , all [showed] on hanging cards at the back of the shop .

He would stand outside his window , which had a sloping marble slab , filled with joints carefully displayed in both horizontal and vertical rows .
he would stand outside his window , which had a sloping marble slab , filled with joints carefully [showed] in both horizontal and vertical rows .

Old crockery was displayed on a series of shelves and for 2d you got three wooden balls and could smash the crockery to your heart 's content .
old crockery was [showed] on a series of shelves and for 2d you got three wooden balls and could smash the crockery to your heart 's content .

Goods are not attractively displayed — they are often left in cartons , as the supplier delivered them
goods are not attractively [showed] — they are often left in cartons , as the supplier delivered them

Items such as sweets and toys are often displayed at a low level — so that children will see them and either ask for them or buy them .
items such as sweets and toys are often [showed] at a low level — so that children will see them and either ask for them or buy them .

Related goods are usually displayed near to each other .
related goods are usually [showed] near to each other .

Sometimes goods are displayed in their original packaging .
sometimes goods are [showed] in their original packaging .

Women showed themselves to be remarkably adaptable to the heavy engineering work involved and many of them displayed such interest and versatility that they were able to undertake really high class work such as turning , milling , and drilling of precision components , high grade fitting work , electric and oxy-acetylene welding , crane driving , and operation of power hammers .
women showed themselves to be remarkably adaptable to the heavy engineering work involved and many of them [showed] such interest and versatility that they were able to undertake really high class work such as turning , milling , and drilling of precision components , high grade fitting work , electric and oxy-acetylene welding , crane driving , and operation of power hammers .

Each day starts with the tutor period : children gained points , minus or plus , which were displayed ( mostly pluses ) which could lead to detentions or favourable report comments .
each day starts with the tutor period : children gained points , minus or plus , which were [showed] ( mostly pluses ) which could lead to detentions or favourable report comments .

The companies involved ( and they included , apart from Rolls Royce , British Nuclear Fuels and Michelin ) will understand more about the nature and role of colleges and the quality and originality of the thinking displayed by the students , and all those at the college associated with the scheme , and not just the students themselves , will know , hopefully , more about the pressures , opportunities and working style of a major company .
the companies involved ( and they included , apart from rolls royce , british nuclear fuels and michelin ) will understand more about the nature and role of colleges and the quality and originality of the thinking [showed] by the students , and all those at the college associated with the scheme , and not just the students themselves , will know , hopefully , more about the pressures , opportunities and working style of a major company .

And of course it had been the Worm , clearly displayed in broken-up dots on the computer screen .
and of course it had been the worm , clearly [showed] in broken-up dots on the computer screen .

The girl lingered at a secondhand clothes shop and was looking at grubby petticoats displayed on iron rods by the doorway , when a young man dressed in a shabby tail coat and check trousers came along and paused beside her .
the girl lingered at a secondhand clothes shop and was looking at grubby petticoats [showed] on iron rods by the doorway , when a young man dressed in a shabby tail coat and check trousers came along and paused beside her .

He displayed gratification through all the entertainments that took place during and after the feast , and took the floor with the rest during the slow , formal dancing , in which he had been well taught by the various females attracted to his brake and his burrow .
he [showed] gratification through all the entertainments that took place during and after the feast , and took the floor with the rest during the slow , formal dancing , in which he had been well taught by the various females attracted to his brake and his burrow .

Warming to this theme , Ferril suggests that the ‘ egg of life ’ is symbolized by the oval inflated bladder of pigskin and by the oval-shaped outdoor arenas to which worshippers flock in their thousands in search of ‘ an outlet from sexual frustration ’ which they hope to find in the ‘ masochism and sadism ’ displayed before them by a highly-schooled ‘ priesthood of young men ’ .
warming to this theme , ferril suggests that the ‘ egg of life ’ is symbolized by the oval inflated bladder of pigskin and by the oval-shaped outdoor arenas to which worshippers flock in their thousands in search of ‘ an outlet from sexual frustration ’ which they hope to find in the ‘ masochism and sadism ’ [showed] before them by a highly-schooled ‘ priesthood of young men ’ .

Most of the minority who were suddenly faced with ‘ pecuniary embarrassment ’ would have taken fright and felt a sense of failure , if not disgrace — sometimes needlessly , and for the most part would not have displayed it openly .
most of the minority who were suddenly faced with ‘ pecuniary embarrassment ’ would have taken fright and felt a sense of failure , if not disgrace — sometimes needlessly , and for the most part would not have [showed] it openly .

Any lender who displayed the Association 's symbol indicating he was a member was also publicly acknowledging adherence to the Code .
any lender who [showed] the association 's symbol indicating he was a member was also publicly acknowledging adherence to the code .

The trophies were displayed on a prize cloth , designed and embroidered by Marjorie McCree and ladies of the church embroiderers ' guild .
the trophies were [showed] on a prize cloth , designed and embroidered by marjorie mccree and ladies of the church embroiderers ' guild .

Horses for sale were tethered at the sides of them and tack , leather and ironwork were displayed on the tail-gates which were turned into makeshift stalls .
horses for sale were tethered at the sides of them and tack , leather and ironwork were [showed] on the tail-gates which were turned into makeshift stalls .

The savings are clearly displayed with the Multibuy symbol each time .
the savings are clearly [showed] with the multibuy symbol each time .

The simplest white china displayed on white shelves achieves a puritan simplicity which is complemented by the warm tones of terracotta .
the simplest white china [showed] on white shelves achieves a puritan simplicity which is complemented by the warm tones of terracotta .

The plants are displayed in sealed glass cases .
the plants are [showed] in sealed glass cases .

Prominently displayed in the ad was the statement , ‘ People buy the New Yorker for the damndest reasons .
prominently [showed] in the ad was the statement , ‘ people buy the new yorker for the damndest reasons .

Nature displayed in this form beats abstract art hands down ; the pictures are so breathtakingly beautiful that one can wallow in them for hours and quite forget geology .
nature [showed] in this form beats abstract art hands down ; the pictures are so breathtakingly beautiful that one can wallow in them for hours and quite forget geology .

Right up to the late 19th century , archaeologists were more interested in the progress of civilisation as displayed in the fine arts .
right up to the late 19th century , archaeologists were more interested in the progress of civilisation as [showed] in the fine arts .

It is also relatively easy to double the number of lines displayed to improve definition , or to double the number of picture frames displayed every second to eliminate flicker .
it is also relatively easy to double the number of lines [showed] to improve definition , or to double the number of picture frames [showed] every second to eliminate flicker .

Horizontal sections of enormous redwoods were frequently displayed with single rings identified on the polished surface .
horizontal sections of enormous redwoods were frequently [showed] with single rings identified on the polished surface .

The last displayed can be rotated , enlarged and panned .
the last [showed] can be rotated , enlarged and panned .

All were of the highest technical calibre and all displayed an extraordinary range of exuberant and exotic motifs , For a few years , until Justinian effectively eclipsed it by his construction of the church of St Sophia in 532–537 , st Polyeuktos was evidently the largest and most sumptuous church in Istanbul ( Constantinople ) .
all were of the highest technical calibre and all [showed] an extraordinary range of exuberant and exotic motifs , for a few years , until justinian effectively eclipsed it by his construction of the church of st sophia in 532–537 , st polyeuktos was evidently the largest and most sumptuous church in istanbul ( constantinople ) .

If not , the word non ’ is displayed to the world in large red letters .
if not , the word non ’ is [showed] to the world in large red letters .

He shows clearly how the system is used to find specific pages , and the different types of information displayed .
he shows clearly how the system is used to find specific pages , and the different types of information [showed] .

Some of its leading citizens acquired great wealth , especially from saffron and wine , and landed property , in the course of the twelfth century , and they displayed their newfound status by building the lofty towers which still make the skyline of the city so beautiful and so absurd — beautiful especially from a little distance , for the rolling Tuscan hills set off the imaginative colour and the dramatic skyline to remarkable effect .
some of its leading citizens acquired great wealth , especially from saffron and wine , and landed property , in the course of the twelfth century , and they [showed] their newfound status by building the lofty towers which still make the skyline of the city so beautiful and so absurd — beautiful especially from a little distance , for the rolling tuscan hills set off the imaginative colour and the dramatic skyline to remarkable effect .

The school or public library can cater for confident children by providing a wide range of books and related materials — pictures , videos , music and spoken-word cassettes , computer software , etc. — so arranged and displayed that the young users are not overwhelmed .
the school or public library can cater for confident children by providing a wide range of books and related materials — pictures , videos , music and spoken-word cassettes , computer software , etc. — so arranged and [showed] that the young users are not overwhelmed .

In the old days , the bride 's bouquet would be displayed in the entrance of her house for a day or so , and then a sprig of myrtle would be removed and planted to grow into a nice little bush , a sentimental memento to flourish on her estate and murmur ‘ constancy ’ into her subconscious .
in the old days , the bride 's bouquet would be [showed] in the entrance of her house for a day or so , and then a sprig of myrtle would be removed and planted to grow into a nice little bush , a sentimental memento to flourish on her estate and murmur ‘ constancy ’ into her subconscious .

But flower seeds in pretty packets are often displayed in shops alongside sweets , and within a child 's reach .
but flower seeds in pretty packets are often [showed] in shops alongside sweets , and within a child 's reach .

The music often lies extremely high , but Nicholas Clapton had no difficulty with the tessitura , and displayed remarkable breath control .
the music often lies extremely high , but nicholas clapton had no difficulty with the tessitura , and [showed] remarkable breath control .

Wild cats , for instance , are not particularly social creatures and these tendencies are displayed in the behaviour of our domestic pussies .
wild cats , for instance , are not particularly social creatures and these tendencies are [showed] in the behaviour of our domestic pussies .

But in the Kal yuga , through which we now are passing , the age when mind predominates , man has largely lost consciousness of his inner centre of focused attention , the eye centre , and remains scattered in the world displayed to his mind by the five senses .
but in the kal yuga , through which we now are passing , the age when mind predominates , man has largely lost consciousness of his inner centre of focused attention , the eye centre , and remains scattered in the world [showed] to his mind by the five senses .

Padilla 's Stabat mater ( track 11 ) setting , and Victoria 's sublime Alma redemptoris mater ( track 12 ) receive the same attention to detail as displayed in the masses ; ensemble and intonation once again excellent .
padilla 's stabat mater ( track 11 ) setting , and victoria 's sublime alma redemptoris mater ( track 12 ) receive the same attention to detail as [showed] in the masses ; ensemble and intonation once again excellent .

1 , of Gerrit Jan van Eijken ( 1832–1879 ) , Classical à la Mendelssohn in character , unadorned and simple , its contrapuntal interest rather pertly displayed .
1 , of gerrit jan van eijken ( 1832–1879 ) , classical à la mendelssohn in character , unadorned and simple , its contrapuntal interest rather pertly [showed] .

He also always displayed apparent technical ease with the difficult rhythmic and harmonic extensions that so divided ‘ swing ’ from ‘ bebop ’ jazz performers not so many years before , and his lightning quick playing merely reinforces the impression that he was never really extended .
he also always [showed] apparent technical ease with the difficult rhythmic and harmonic extensions that so divided ‘ swing ’ from ‘ bebop ’ jazz performers not so many years before , and his lightning quick playing merely reinforces the impression that he was never really extended .

For the ‘ sulking ’ cat , this sign of weakness is being deliberately displayed as a response to its owner 's threats .
for the ‘ sulking ’ cat , this sign of weakness is being deliberately [showed] as a response to its owner 's threats .

Copies of the introductory General Policy Statement are displayed on notice boards throughout the University .
copies of the introductory general policy statement are [showed] on notice boards throughout the university .

Students should make themselves familiar with Traffic Regulations which are widely displayed throughout the University .
students should make themselves familiar with traffic regulations which are widely [showed] throughout the university .

Notice boards must be large enough to ensure that displayed items are not overlapping and obscuring one another .
notice boards must be large enough to ensure that [showed] items are not overlapping and obscuring one another .

Life-size photographs were displayed outside the theatre during final rehearsals and an enormous amount of publicity was generated before the show but Opening nights always took them by surprise .
life-size photographs were [showed] outside the theatre during final rehearsals and an enormous amount of publicity was generated before the show but opening nights always took them by surprise .

This sense of oneness with nature is displayed by the manner in which he combines the lakes , the mountains and the sky , and fuses them with his ‘ air ’
this sense of oneness with nature is [showed] by the manner in which he combines the lakes , the mountains and the sky , and fuses them with his ‘ air ’

This social zest is colourfully displayed in a number of independent Festivals which take place annually throughout the region .
this social zest is colourfully [showed] in a number of independent festivals which take place annually throughout the region .

Adjacent to the Winery you will find a selection of Period Oak & Country Furniture , displayed in an Attractive Setting , Complemented by a selection of Paintings & Ceramics .
adjacent to the winery you will find a selection of period oak & country furniture , [showed] in an attractive setting , complemented by a selection of paintings & ceramics .

The Museum boasts a breathtaking collection of 19th century French automata , stunningly displayed in theatrical settings .
the museum boasts a breathtaking collection of 19th century french automata , stunningly [showed] in theatrical settings .

The renowned Roman collections are imaginatively displayed .
the renowned roman collections are imaginatively [showed] .

The weekly rota is displayed in the staff room and also in the office .
the weekly rota is [showed] in the staff room and also in the office .

Accordingly , he suggested separate facilities at each exchange for dealing with juveniles ; notices with information about the exchanges were to be displayed in schools ; lists of prospective school-leavers to be sent to the local exchange with details of their ‘ ability , tastes and desires ’ ; and each school-leaver to be told to call at the exchange for an interview .
accordingly , he suggested separate facilities at each exchange for dealing with juveniles ; notices with information about the exchanges were to be [showed] in schools ; lists of prospective school-leavers to be sent to the local exchange with details of their ‘ ability , tastes and desires ’ ; and each school-leaver to be told to call at the exchange for an interview .

Luke displayed his lack of skill .
luke [showed] his lack of skill .

It is through the study of quartered coats , as displayed in cathedrals , county archives and other reference sources that the local historian may glean much information not only on families of note ( should textual information not exist or be imprecise ) , but how tenure and ownership of estates changed hands in days long or recently past .
it is through the study of quartered coats , as [showed] in cathedrals , county archives and other reference sources that the local historian may glean much information not only on families of note ( should textual information not exist or be imprecise ) , but how tenure and ownership of estates changed hands in days long or recently past .

All spoke here of man 's work — his enterprise , his pleasure ; stately hotels vied with one another , handsome shops displayed in their windows all the luxuries one might expect in the great cities of the realm .
all spoke here of man 's work — his enterprise , his pleasure ; stately hotels vied with one another , handsome shops [showed] in their windows all the luxuries one might expect in the great cities of the realm .

At school lunches she showed none of this nonsense , nor was it displayed at home when she ate informally in front of the television in the evening .
at school lunches she showed none of this nonsense , nor was it [showed] at home when she ate informally in front of the television in the evening .

However , at every age there are wide differences among individuals in the circumstances leading to fighting and in the amount of aggressive behaviour displayed .
however , at every age there are wide differences among individuals in the circumstances leading to fighting and in the amount of aggressive behaviour [showed] .

The d between service and working class would be much smaller , +0.09 , but we might not want to conclude that the second society displayed smaller class differentials ; after all , ten times as many service as working class children attend selective schools in the latter case , while only three times as many do in the former .
the d between service and working class would be much smaller , +0.09 , but we might not want to conclude that the second society [showed] smaller class differentials ; after all , ten times as many service as working class children attend selective schools in the latter case , while only three times as many do in the former .

Time series such as that shown in the second column of figure 9.1 are displayed by plotting them against time , as shown in figure 9.2 .
time series such as that shown in the second column of figure 9.1 are [showed] by plotting them against time , as shown in figure 9.2 .

Two smoothed versions of the numbers of unemployed supplementary benefit claimants are displayed in figure 9.3 and figure 9.4 .
two smoothed versions of the numbers of unemployed supplementary benefit claimants are [showed] in figure 9.3 and figure 9.4 .

They are displayed in figure 10.7 .
they are [showed] in figure 10.7 .

We marvelled at the beauty of the countless works of art displayed in museums , in shops and in people 's homes , and were immensely grateful for this experience of a life and tradition so different from our own .
we marvelled at the beauty of the countless works of art [showed] in museums , in shops and in people 's homes , and were immensely grateful for this experience of a life and tradition so different from our own .

For example , Kunakh and Savchenko ( 1988 ) have reported somaclonal variation in two related stocks of maize , of which one displayed a greater variety of morphological features and adaptability .
for example , kunakh and savchenko ( 1988 ) have reported somaclonal variation in two related stocks of maize , of which one [showed] a greater variety of morphological features and adaptability .

Still trying to regain the imposing form he had displayed in the past days at Celtic and West Ham , there was a strong suspicion that McAvennie was past his prime .
still trying to regain the imposing form he had [showed] in the past days at celtic and west ham , there was a strong suspicion that mcavennie was past his prime .

However , of great significance was the information displayed in the transformed images .
however , of great significance was the information [showed] in the transformed images .

In this system , the solution to the transportation problem is shown graphically on the road network , which is displayed on the computer screen .
in this system , the solution to the transportation problem is shown graphically on the road network , which is [showed] on the computer screen .

No Monday last , when the designs were first displayed to the public , it is believed that 10,000 persons visited the exhibition ; on Tuesday , when the crowd was somewhat less , 7,000 were present ; and on Wednesday the numbers again reached to 10,000 .
no monday last , when the designs were first [showed] to the public , it is believed that 10,000 persons visited the exhibition ; on tuesday , when the crowd was somewhat less , 7,000 were present ; and on wednesday the numbers again reached to 10,000 .

On Friday , 18th February , 1859 , a week after Tite 's question to Manners , Hall raised the subject of Scott 's appointment again , saying that under the rules of the House he had been debarred from saying more before . He now asked Manners why the first and second prize-winners in the competition had been passed over and Scott appointed , and requested that MPs should be given the opportunity to see all three designs displayed together before any further steps
on friday , 18th february , 1859 , a week after tite 's question to manners , hall raised the subject of scott 's appointment again , saying that under the rules of the house he had been debarred from saying more before . he now asked manners why the first and second prize-winners in the competition had been passed over and scott appointed , and requested that mps should be given the opportunity to see all three designs [showed] together before any further steps

On Wednesday , 20th July , 120 of Scott 's drawings of the Foreign and India Offices were displayed in the library of the House of Commons , along with a large model of both offices by Heburn Salter of Hammersmith , which The Builder thought would not ‘ advance the interests of the design as a work of art ’ .
on wednesday , 20th july , 120 of scott 's drawings of the foreign and india offices were [showed] in the library of the house of commons , along with a large model of both offices by heburn salter of hammersmith , which the builder thought would not ‘ advance the interests of the design as a work of art ’ .

During the week that this correspondence was taking place , tenders for the Foreign Office were received from thirteen of the fifteen builders and , as arranged , they were displayed alongside Scott 's drawings .
during the week that this correspondence was taking place , tenders for the foreign office were received from thirteen of the fifteen builders and , as arranged , they were [showed] alongside scott 's drawings .

Now that voluntary agreements among manufacturers have been implemented , washing powders have lists of ingredients displayed on the packaging so one can see , just like foodstuffs , what they are made of .
now that voluntary agreements among manufacturers have been implemented , washing powders have lists of ingredients [showed] on the packaging so one can see , just like foodstuffs , what they are made of .

In a study of a national sample of over twelve hundred mothers of 6- to 9-year-olds , psychologists Murray Straus , David Sugarman , and Jean Giles-Sims found that the more spanking the mothers reported , the more antisocial behavior their children displayed two years later—cheating , telling lies , being mean to classmates , and disobeying teachers .
in a study of a national sample of over twelve hundred mothers of 6- to 9-year-olds , psychologists murray straus , david sugarman , and jean giles-sims found that the more spanking the mothers reported , the more antisocial behavior their children [showed] two years later—cheating , telling lies , being mean to classmates , and disobeying teachers .

The more complex children ’ s play goals , the more they displayed focused , effortful attention and the more such attention increased over the play session .
the more complex children ’ s play goals , the more they [showed] focused , effortful attention and the more such attention increased over the play session .

Nevertheless , Montessori children did engage in pretending , but it was sharply restricted relative to children in the Y Preschool , who displayed three times as much imaginative play .
nevertheless , montessori children did engage in pretending , but it was sharply restricted relative to children in the y preschool , who [showed] three times as much imaginative play .

In recent years , many retailers have been hampered in their efforts to reduce in-store stocking levels by the size and shape of the fixtures in which their products are displayed .
in recent years , many retailers have been hampered in their efforts to reduce in-store stocking levels by the size and shape of the fixtures in which their products are [showed] .

If family coats of arms are displayed , they will be seen on wall medallions as well as on blazer buttons .
if family coats of arms are [showed] , they will be seen on wall medallions as well as on blazer buttons .

Many industrial products of the 1930s displayed the same chic simplicity : Raymond Loewy ’ s curvilinear Coldspot refrigerator , Walter Dorwin Teague ’ s popular Kodak Brownie camera , Henry Dreyfuss ’ Bell telephone , Loewy ’ s redesigned Coca-Cola bottle and the sleek Zippo cigarette lighter .
many industrial products of the 1930s [showed] the same chic simplicity : raymond loewy ’ s curvilinear coldspot refrigerator , walter dorwin teague ’ s popular kodak brownie camera , henry dreyfuss ’ bell telephone , loewy ’ s redesigned coca-cola bottle and the sleek zippo cigarette lighter .

Some also wore a long chain hanging from their pants , well displayed and connected to a belt .
some also wore a long chain hanging from their pants , well [showed] and connected to a belt .

Private spirituality , which was practiced individually or within the family , stressed sacramental and personal devotions , while the public religious stressed processions , fiestas , symbols , and symbolic action that displayed the beliefs of the Mexican Catholic to the rest of the community ” ( Dolan and Hinojosa , 177 ) .
private spirituality , which was practiced individually or within the family , stressed sacramental and personal devotions , while the public religious stressed processions , fiestas , symbols , and symbolic action that [showed] the beliefs of the mexican catholic to the rest of the community ” ( dolan and hinojosa , 177 ) .

Their show displayed a naked woman on a circulating round stage , viewed by men in private booths equipped with one-way windows .
their show [showed] a naked woman on a circulating round stage , viewed by men in private booths equipped with one-way windows .

Funerary artifacts found here are displayed in Mykonos .
funerary artifacts found here are [showed] in mykonos .

Beautifully displayed are a range of icons dating from the 12th century , silver altar pieces and bejeweled vestments .
beautifully [showed] are a range of icons dating from the 12th century , silver altar pieces and bejeweled vestments .

Intricate mosaics depicting scenes from Menender ’ s comedies are displayed beautifully , with clear glass tile walkways allowing close access to the detail .
intricate mosaics depicting scenes from menender ’ s comedies are [showed] beautifully , with clear glass tile walkways allowing close access to the detail .

The artefacts displayed in the museum were all unearthed on the spot , and again , the inscriptions are in Spanish only .
the artefacts [showed] in the museum were all unearthed on the spot , and again , the inscriptions are in spanish only .

The only survivor was a prisoner in a thick-walled dungeon , who for years afterwards was displayed abroad as a circus attraction .
the only survivor was a prisoner in a thick-walled dungeon , who for years afterwards was [showed] abroad as a circus attraction .

You ’ ll see period furniture , slave chains , and old paintings , but the greatest attractions are a photocopy of Napoleon and Josephine ’ s wedding certificate and an emotional love letter he wrote her in 1796 from Italy ( an English translation is displayed ) .
you ’ ll see period furniture , slave chains , and old paintings , but the greatest attractions are a photocopy of napoleon and josephine ’ s wedding certificate and an emotional love letter he wrote her in 1796 from italy ( an english translation is [showed] ) .

The fountain is called the Executioner ’ s Fountain , because here he rinsed his sword and washed his hands after carrying out his orders ; examples of his handiwork were displayed on pikes at the Imperial Gate .
the fountain is called the executioner ’ s fountain , because here he rinsed his sword and washed his hands after carrying out his orders ; examples of his handiwork were [showed] on pikes at the imperial gate .

Sculptures inside the gallery include works by Giacometti , and there are several large sculptures by Henry Moore displayed in the surrounding grounds .
sculptures inside the gallery include works by giacometti , and there are several large sculptures by henry moore [showed] in the surrounding grounds .

The foundations of the fort can still be seen , but artifacts from the site are displayed in the Huntly House Museum in Edinburgh .
the foundations of the fort can still be seen , but artifacts from the site are [showed] in the huntly house museum in edinburgh .

Those who have made the pilgrimage can add the respected title haci before their names , an honour proudly displayed on shop-owner ’ s signs .
those who have made the pilgrimage can add the respected title haci before their names , an honour proudly [showed] on shop-owner ’ s signs .

Fresh fruit and vegetables are piled high , hunks of meat are displayed , and the air is filled with the scent of exotic spices ; vendors announce their wares with loud chants .
fresh fruit and vegetables are piled high , hunks of meat are [showed] , and the air is filled with the scent of exotic spices ; vendors announce their wares with loud chants .

Under the gnarled olive trees archaeologists have uncovered a treasure trove of statues , jewellery , pitchers , tools , and coins , which are now displayed in the town ’ s two archaeological museums .
under the gnarled olive trees archaeologists have uncovered a treasure trove of statues , jewellery , pitchers , tools , and coins , which are now [showed] in the town ’ s two archaeological museums .

Exquisitely detailed dolls in ancient costumes representing the imperial couple and other aristocrats are displayed for good luck .
exquisitely detailed dolls in ancient costumes representing the imperial couple and other aristocrats are [showed] for good luck .

Displayed in a room by itself , the prize of the collection is the Winged Horses sculpture from Tarquinia ’ s Ara della Regina Temple .
[showed] in a room by itself , the prize of the collection is the winged horses sculpture from tarquinia ’ s ara della regina temple .

The paintings are displayed just as the dukes themselves hung them , two- , three- , and four-high , by personal preference rather than in historical sequence .
the paintings are [showed] just as the dukes themselves hung them , two- , three- , and four-high , by personal preference rather than in historical sequence .

Among the rooms devoted to the history of science and technology , one gallery is reserved for Leonardo ’ s inventions , displayed as models constructed from his notebooks .
among the rooms devoted to the history of science and technology , one gallery is reserved for leonardo ’ s inventions , [showed] as models constructed from his notebooks .

The Poldi-Pezzoli Museum ( Via Manzoni 12 ) is a small , formerly private collection displayed in the charming ambience of its original home dedicated to the city in 1881 .
the poldi-pezzoli museum ( via manzoni 12 ) is a small , formerly private collection [showed] in the charming ambience of its original home dedicated to the city in 1881 .

The stark realism you ’ ll see in Caravaggio ’ s Flagellation and the Seven Works of Mercy launched a whole Neapolitan school of “ Caravaggeschi ” displayed here .
the stark realism you ’ ll see in caravaggio ’ s flagellation and the seven works of mercy launched a whole neapolitan school of “ caravaggeschi ” [showed] here .

The Musée d ’ Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris ( 11 Ave. du Pres­i­dent Wilson ) has an important collection of 20th-century art displayed in the spacious galleries of the Palais de Tokyo .
the musée d ’ art moderne de la ville de paris ( 11 ave. du pres­i­dent wilson ) has an important collection of 20th-century art [showed] in the spacious galleries of the palais de tokyo .

The 13th-century granary , beside an even older flour mill , has been turned into an admirable museum for the abbey ’ s sculpted capitals displayed on reconstructed pillars .
the 13th-century granary , beside an even older flour mill , has been turned into an admirable museum for the abbey ’ s sculpted capitals [showed] on reconstructed pillars .

Many of the exhibits are of international standing and all are beautifully displayed and well-captioned .
many of the exhibits are of international standing and all are beautifully [showed] and well-captioned .

The armor displayed here includes an outfit for disguising horses as elephants .
the armor [showed] here includes an outfit for disguising horses as elephants .

They ’ re not impressive as such sites go , but some fine relics excavated here are now displayed in the little Museu Monogràfic , a nicely restored building opposite Sant Jaume church .
they ’ re not impressive as such sites go , but some fine relics excavated here are now [showed] in the little museu monogràfic , a nicely restored building opposite sant jaume church .

The Museum boasts a major collection of Greek and Roman antiquities , European paintings ( by Rembrandt , Monet , Renoir , and Van Gogh , among others ) , drawings ( including a few by Michelangelo , Leonardo da Vinci , and Raphael ) , illuminated medieval manuscripts , photographs , sculpture , and French decorative arts displayed within five two-story pavilions .
the museum boasts a major collection of greek and roman antiquities , european paintings ( by rembrandt , monet , renoir , and van gogh , among others ) , drawings ( including a few by michelangelo , leonardo da vinci , and raphael ) , illuminated medieval manuscripts , photographs , sculpture , and french decorative arts [showed] within five two-story pavilions .

Around the walled Taleju temple , thangka paintings are displayed in stalls .
around the walled taleju temple , thangka paintings are [showed] in stalls .

Here the best of the ﬁnds are displayed here , and , at the entrance kiosk , there are guide-books in various languages .
here the best of the ﬁnds are [showed] here , and , at the entrance kiosk , there are guide-books in various languages .

MOCA curators keep one step ahead of the pack by commissioning new work , which is then displayed beside contemporary classics .
moca curators keep one step ahead of the pack by commissioning new work , which is then [showed] beside contemporary classics .

The marine life of southern California is splendidly displayed in the Birch Aquarium at Scripps , which is spectacularly sited on the hilltop above La Jolla .
the marine life of southern california is splendidly [showed] in the birch aquarium at scripps , which is spectacularly sited on the hilltop above la jolla .

Be sure to see the exhibits of Iberian and Roman finds displayed in the excellent local museum .
be sure to see the exhibits of iberian and roman finds [showed] in the excellent local museum .

The major museums also sell copies of items displayed , which are quite appropriate souvenirs of your trip .
the major museums also sell copies of items [showed] , which are quite appropriate souvenirs of your trip .

Other museums and galleries to visit include those of long-term Ubud residents Antonio Blanco , a Catalan artist noted for erotic subject matter , and Hans Snel , a Dutch artist whose highly praised work is displayed in a gallery adjacent to his guesthouse .
other museums and galleries to visit include those of long-term ubud residents antonio blanco , a catalan artist noted for erotic subject matter , and hans snel , a dutch artist whose highly praised work is [showed] in a gallery adjacent to his guesthouse .

Carpentry is the most valued of Kwakiutl skills , and is spectacularly displayed in their totem poles .
carpentry is the most valued of kwakiutl skills , and is spectacularly [showed] in their totem poles .

It ’ s an extraordinary place filled with great art works which are displayed idiosyncratically in often ( for the time ) innovative ways .
it ’ s an extraordinary place filled with great art works which are [showed] idiosyncratically in often ( for the time ) innovative ways .

The collection has some truly fine early Italian Renaissance paintings , which are displayed in the 16th-century Italian-style loggia modeled on a canon house in Montepulciano .
the collection has some truly fine early italian renaissance paintings , which are [showed] in the 16th-century italian-style loggia modeled on a canon house in montepulciano .

You ’ ll hear a lot of requests to just take a look at the merchandise displayed in this warren of stalls .
you ’ ll hear a lot of requests to just take a look at the merchandise [showed] in this warren of stalls .

Castro had not displayed any Communist inclinations in the 1950s , and some suggest that US aggression pushed him to ingratiate himself with the powerful Soviet Union and its Eastern block of potential trading partners .
castro had not [showed] any communist inclinations in the 1950s , and some suggest that us aggression pushed him to ingratiate himself with the powerful soviet union and its eastern block of potential trading partners .

Glossy sable or marten coats are often displayed in Friendship Stores .
glossy sable or marten coats are often [showed] in friendship stores .

Ancient handicrafts displayed in the third hall include a Tang Dynasty chess set , a present from the governor to the emperor .
ancient handicrafts [showed] in the third hall include a tang dynasty chess set , a present from the governor to the emperor .

In the hall above the burial site are displayed pictures of the emperor .
in the hall above the burial site are [showed] pictures of the emperor .

Not all of the museum ’ s 120,000 artifacts can be displayed here at one time , but many visitors savor these displays and insist upon a return visit .
not all of the museum ’ s 120,000 artifacts can be [showed] here at one time , but many visitors savor these displays and insist upon a return visit .

In addition , exhibits from the adjacent center of Jewish studies , Centrum Judaicum , are displayed here .
in addition , exhibits from the adjacent center of jewish studies , centrum judaicum , are [showed] here .

Inside is displayed a rather curious collection of early German hunting portraits and landscapes , among which can be found some remarkable paintings , in particular a series of panels depicting the Passion Cycle by Lucas Cranach .
inside is [showed] a rather curious collection of early german hunting portraits and landscapes , among which can be found some remarkable paintings , in particular a series of panels depicting the passion cycle by lucas cranach .

Occupying the former quarters of the Antikenmuseum , the Sammlung Berggruen is named after the Berlin-born art lover , Heinz Berggruen , whose outstanding collection of late 19th- and early 20th-century art , including works by Picasso and other , more recent , modernists is displayed here .
occupying the former quarters of the antikenmuseum , the sammlung berggruen is named after the berlin-born art lover , heinz berggruen , whose outstanding collection of late 19th- and early 20th-century art , including works by picasso and other , more recent , modernists is [showed] here .

The swastika displayed on the helmets of the Freikorps was to reappear on the armbands of Hitler ’ s storm-troopers , crushing all democracy in 1933 .
the swastika [showed] on the helmets of the freikorps was to reappear on the armbands of hitler ’ s storm-troopers , crushing all democracy in 1933 .

Artifacts displayed , recovered from Briteiros and other sites , include carved stone lintels , tools , and several fascinating sculptures , such as the enormous pre-Roman Colossus of Pedralva .
artifacts [showed] , recovered from briteiros and other sites , include carved stone lintels , tools , and several fascinating sculptures , such as the enormous pre-roman colossus of pedralva .

This became patently clear during the Sino-Japanese War of 1894–1895 , in which the inadequacy of the Chinese army was starkly displayed .
this became patently clear during the sino-japanese war of 1894–1895 , in which the inadequacy of the chinese army was starkly [showed] .

In all , about 100 aircraft are displayed in three World War II hangars .
in all , about 100 aircraft are [showed] in three world war ii hangars .

Inside the museum , alongside the artifacts of other Pacific civilizations , the rich culture of the coastal tribes — Haida , Kwakiutl , Salish , Tlingit , and Tsimshian — is beautifully displayed and illuminated in a space where the roof-glass seems to open the halls to the heavens .
inside the museum , alongside the artifacts of other pacific civilizations , the rich culture of the coastal tribes — haida , kwakiutl , salish , tlingit , and tsimshian — is beautifully [showed] and illuminated in a space where the roof-glass seems to open the halls to the heavens .

The life of Ojibwa and Cree Indians is displayed in tepees , magnificent buffalo robes , and beaded buckskin , dance masks , and snowshoes .
the life of ojibwa and cree indians is [showed] in tepees , magnificent buffalo robes , and beaded buckskin , dance masks , and snowshoes .

The sculptures at the site are copies , with all but one of the originals displayed in the Acropolis Museum .
the sculptures at the site are copies , with all but one of the originals [showed] in the acropolis museum .

Much of the fine statuary and carved friezes still present when Ottoman forces left have been displayed here along with four of the original Caryatid statues from the Erechtheíon .
much of the fine statuary and carved friezes still present when ottoman forces left have been [showed] here along with four of the original caryatid statues from the erechtheíon .

Pediment depicting a triple-headed demon , and a kouros ( male statue ) named The Calf-bearer — a young man carrying a calf to ritual slaughter at the temple — are both displayed in room 2 .
pediment depicting a triple-headed demon , and a kouros ( male statue ) named the calf-bearer — a young man carrying a calf to ritual slaughter at the temple — are both [showed] in room 2 .

Their work was carried around the Greek empire and is now displayed in museums worldwide , but they were not highly regarded by citizens in ancient times .
their work was carried around the greek empire and is now [showed] in museums worldwide , but they were not highly regarded by citizens in ancient times .

Rooms 7–35 concentrate on sculpture — perhaps the greatest collection of ancient sculpture in the world — and these are displayed to show the chronological development of the art form .
rooms 7–35 concentrate on sculpture — perhaps the greatest collection of ancient sculpture in the world — and these are [showed] to show the chronological development of the art form .

Taken by the Christians in a bloody battle in 1487 , Sohail was then leveled on the orders of the “ Catholic kings. ” After it was rebuilt , it was occupied by French troops during the Peninsular War , who left behind a souvenir of their stay — the cannons that are now displayed along the promenade of the Paseo Marítimo .
taken by the christians in a bloody battle in 1487 , sohail was then leveled on the orders of the “ catholic kings. ” after it was rebuilt , it was occupied by french troops during the peninsular war , who left behind a souvenir of their stay — the cannons that are now [showed] along the promenade of the paseo marítimo .

Its 300,000 priceless artifacts , displayed on two levels , are arranged chronologically from the Stone Age through the final dynasty , the Qing .
its 300,000 priceless artifacts , [showed] on two levels , are arranged chronologically from the stone age through the final dynasty , the qing .

Among the bells displayed in the various halls and pavilions are some that are 4,000 years old .
among the bells [showed] in the various halls and pavilions are some that are 4,000 years old .

Arts contacts bring in contract disputes , copyright disputes , even international artistic disputes , as when a young artist displayed his work in Brussels , only to see his work destroyed .
arts contacts bring in contract disputes , copyright disputes , even international artistic disputes , as when a young artist [showed] his work in brussels , only to see his work destroyed .

At the Family Law Information Center , where open boxes of tissues are displayed as prominently as forms for initiating divorce , custody and child- support proceedings , office assistant Beatrice Contreras said there is often a line of people waiting to use the two machines .
at the family law information center , where open boxes of tissues are [showed] as prominently as forms for initiating divorce , custody and child- support proceedings , office assistant beatrice contreras said there is often a line of people waiting to use the two machines .

At one of VBA 's regional offices , for example , computerized information is continuously displayed on video screens providing employees with current performance information .
at one of vba 's regional offices , for example , computerized information is continuously [showed] on video screens providing employees with current performance information .

Figure II.4 shows how Page 75 GAO/IMTEC-8.1.4 Assessing Acquisition Risks planned and actual progress in the design and coding of software units can be displayed .
figure ii.4 shows how page 75 gao/imtec-8.1.4 assessing acquisition risks planned and actual progress in the design and coding of software units can be [showed] .

Their initial story of what is happening and why is displayed as a flowchart with a series of critical paths for action .
their initial story of what is happening and why is [showed] as a flowchart with a series of critical paths for action .

The rule represents a major change for the handling of limit orders in the Nasdaq market where such orders have never been displayed .
the rule represents a major change for the handling of limit orders in the nasdaq market where such orders have never been [showed] .

If total volume , instead of pieces per capita , were displayed on the vertical axis , then the Y-intercepts would remain unchanged but the cost curves would be parallel .
if total volume , instead of pieces per capita , were [showed] on the vertical axis , then the y-intercepts would remain unchanged but the cost curves would be parallel .

To protect commercially sensitive data and to facilitate comparison we display normalized costs and not actual unit costs.14 All unit costs are displayed relative to the mean of the distribution of unit costs .
to protect commercially sensitive data and to facilitate comparison we display normalized costs and not actual unit costs.14 all unit costs are [showed] relative to the mean of the distribution of unit costs .

Going down that column , the costs per piece are displayed assuming a cream skimmer had the same cost as the U.S .
going down that column , the costs per piece are [showed] assuming a cream skimmer had the same cost as the u.s .

In our report we have shown how agents in Phoenix , Minneapolis , and New York displayed initiative in pressing their investigations .
in our report we have shown how agents in phoenix , minneapolis , and new york [showed] initiative in pressing their investigations .

For 8 minutes and 13 seconds , between 8:56 and 9:05 , this primary radar information on American 77 was not displayed to controllers at Indianapolis Center .
for 8 minutes and 13 seconds , between 8:56 and 9:05 , this primary radar information on american 77 was not [showed] to controllers at indianapolis center .

The proportion of infected individuals that are treated at each location is displayed graphically in Figure 3 for our OEAS ( Figure 3C ) and the two comparison allocation strategies ( Figure 3F and 3I ) .
the proportion of infected individuals that are treated at each location is [showed] graphically in figure 3 for our oeas ( figure 3c ) and the two comparison allocation strategies ( figure 3f and 3i ) .

Napoleon 's reputed penis went on a picaresque odyssey of its own , being displayed at the Museum of French Art in New York , auctioned , and finally ending up in the possession of a urologist—or so the story goes .
napoleon 's reputed penis went on a picaresque odyssey of its own , being [showed] at the museum of french art in new york , auctioned , and finally ending up in the possession of a urologist—or so the story goes .

Who gets to decide whether they should be sliced , diced , dyed , pulverized , displayed , x-rayed , photographed , and subjected to the esoteric tests developed for forensic laboratories to reveal secrets they carefully took to their graves or urns ?
who gets to decide whether they should be sliced , diced , dyed , pulverized , [showed] , x-rayed , photographed , and subjected to the esoteric tests developed for forensic laboratories to reveal secrets they carefully took to their graves or urns ?

After 3 wk of induction , more than 70 % of the cells displayed Oil Red O+ fat granules , and PPARγ , a marker of adipocytic differentiation , was detected by RT-PCR .
after 3 wk of induction , more than 70 % of the cells [showed] oil red o+ fat granules , and pparγ , a marker of adipocytic differentiation , was detected by rt-pcr .

Instrumental to their success was the early ability to produce large numbers of transgenic plants , which displayed a rich variety of gene silencing phenomena that were amenable to analysis .
instrumental to their success was the early ability to produce large numbers of transgenic plants , which [showed] a rich variety of gene silencing phenomena that were amenable to analysis .

The differences in RE for G209n native peptide displayed by the two clones highlighted in Figure 3A correlated with their ability to lyse melanoma cells : the high-RE clone 132.1 efficiently lysed melanoma targets , whereas the low-RE clone 476.105 did not ( Figure 4B ) .
the differences in re for g209n native peptide [showed] by the two clones highlighted in figure 3a correlated with their ability to lyse melanoma cells : the high-re clone 132.1 efficiently lysed melanoma targets , whereas the low-re clone 476.105 did not ( figure 4b ) .

Alternatively , membranetethered ligands ( such as Delta ) on the protrusion could bind and activate receptors displayed on the surface of the receiving cell ( De Joussineau et al .
alternatively , membranetethered ligands ( such as delta ) on the protrusion could bind and activate receptors [showed] on the surface of the receiving cell ( de joussineau et al .

Similar to other cell protrusions , these structures , termed tunnelling nanotubes ( TNTs ) , displayed a pronounced sensitivity to both mechanical stress and chemical fixation and even to prolonged light excitation , resulting in the rupture of many of them .
similar to other cell protrusions , these structures , termed tunnelling nanotubes ( tnts ) , [showed] a pronounced sensitivity to both mechanical stress and chemical fixation and even to prolonged light excitation , resulting in the rupture of many of them .

The other was the pre-World War II work of William Astbury in showing that DNA fibers displayed some crystallinity that , if developed , might be the basis of helping to determine the structure .
the other was the pre-world war ii work of william astbury in showing that dna fibers [showed] some crystallinity that , if developed , might be the basis of helping to determine the structure .

Bush displayed this same callowness throughout the evening .
bush [showed] this same callowness throughout the evening .

There 's a résumé , courtesy of ABC , and photographs ( some from her high-school yearbook ) , which are being displayed all over television and the Internet .
there 's a résumé , courtesy of abc , and photographs ( some from her high-school yearbook ) , which are being [showed] all over television and the internet .

The site will then compare your choices on the issues with those of the various parties ( also displayed ) and tell you which comes closest to what you want .
the site will then compare your choices on the issues with those of the various parties ( also [showed] ) and tell you which comes closest to what you want .

The government started its case , all the papers report , by contrasting Bill Gates ' video deposition ( displayed on a `` larger-than-life screen '' says the WP ; the NYT says `` 10-foot '' ) in which he said he knew nothing more about an alleged market-carving meeting with browser rival Netscape than what he read in the newspaper ( actually he mentioned the Wall Street Journal , a fact included by everybody -- including the WSJ -- except USAT ) , with a Gates email in which he states `` ... there is a very powerful deal of some kind we can do with Netscape ... We could even pay them money as part of the deal , buying some piece of them or something . ''
the government started its case , all the papers report , by contrasting bill gates ' video deposition ( [showed] on a `` larger-than-life screen '' says the wp ; the nyt says `` 10-foot '' ) in which he said he knew nothing more about an alleged market-carving meeting with browser rival netscape than what he read in the newspaper ( actually he mentioned the wall street journal , a fact included by everybody -- including the wsj -- except usat ) , with a gates email in which he states `` ... there is a very powerful deal of some kind we can do with netscape ... we could even pay them money as part of the deal , buying some piece of them or something . ''

I loved how Ryan flinched when the screen displayed an instant message from NY152 : He 's actually there , in real time !
i loved how ryan flinched when the screen [showed] an instant message from ny152 : he 's actually there , in real time !

How is true remorse displayed ?
how is true remorse [showed] ?

She displayed execrable judgment in posing on a beach with an American flag for Vanity Fair .
she [showed] execrable judgment in posing on a beach with an american flag for vanity fair .

Formerly displayed in front of KGB headquarters , it was toppled in 1991 .
formerly [showed] in front of kgb headquarters , it was toppled in 1991 .

Paltrow , as displayed in the Enquirer , solved the age-old dilemma of having nothing to wear for that special occasion by deciding to wear nothing at all .
paltrow , as [showed] in the enquirer , solved the age-old dilemma of having nothing to wear for that special occasion by deciding to wear nothing at all .

Works by young , experimental , and overlooked artists are also displayed in bathrooms , basements , stairwells , and halls .
works by young , experimental , and overlooked artists are also [showed] in bathrooms , basements , stairwells , and halls .

His new book , which prompted critics to call him soft on Nazi Germany , is proudly displayed on his home page , so you can judge it for yourself ( but first you 'll have to buy it ) .
his new book , which prompted critics to call him soft on nazi germany , is proudly [showed] on his home page , so you can judge it for yourself ( but first you 'll have to buy it ) .

The information is straightforward , but interestingly displayed .
the information is straightforward , but interestingly [showed] .

The House authorized states to decide whether to let the Ten Commandments be displayed in public schools .
the house authorized states to decide whether to let the ten commandments be [showed] in public schools .

That 's why he opened his news conference not by distinguishing arms control as a transcendent responsibility but by lumping it together with budget politics : `` In recent days , members of the congressional majority have displayed a reckless partisanship .
that 's why he opened his news conference not by distinguishing arms control as a transcendent responsibility but by lumping it together with budget politics : `` in recent days , members of the congressional majority have [showed] a reckless partisanship .

To encourage a prompt response , we assured all candidates that we did n't intend to judge harshly those who displayed poor Web literacy , since -- let 's face it -- computer skills rank fairly low on the list of the things one needs to master in order to be president .
to encourage a prompt response , we assured all candidates that we did n't intend to judge harshly those who [showed] poor web literacy , since -- let 's face it -- computer skills rank fairly low on the list of the things one needs to master in order to be president .

Twenty-five years ago , Pennsylvania pinball machines displayed this warning : `` for entertainment purposes only . ''
twenty-five years ago , pennsylvania pinball machines [showed] this warning : `` for entertainment purposes only . ''

When the Vatican finally brought the Pietà over to the United States , they did n't put it on a float and trundle it down Main Street ; they displayed it in the reverential hush of the World 's Fair .
when the vatican finally brought the pietà over to the united states , they did n't put it on a float and trundle it down main street ; they [showed] it in the reverential hush of the world 's fair .

Annas concludes that since there 's `` no way to know how much of their beauty is a product of their genes , plastic surgery , a makeup artist , or exercise , '' only a `` naive '' person would buy their eggs on the basis of the photographs displayed on the site .
annas concludes that since there 's `` no way to know how much of their beauty is a product of their genes , plastic surgery , a makeup artist , or exercise , '' only a `` naive '' person would buy their eggs on the basis of the photographs [showed] on the site .

All but a fraction of the chat-room conversations and digital images that streak across the Net vanish after they 're displayed .
all but a fraction of the chat-room conversations and digital images that streak across the net vanish after they 're [showed] .

It will not surprise you , I 'm sure , that I have never been a great admirer of Ronald Reagan , although it may surprise you that I feel , as you do , that he is one of the most important presidents of the 20 th century and that he displayed a certain genius for leadership that , whatever his other limitations , helped make his presidency enormously successful and influential .
it will not surprise you , i 'm sure , that i have never been a great admirer of ronald reagan , although it may surprise you that i feel , as you do , that he is one of the most important presidents of the 20 th century and that he [showed] a certain genius for leadership that , whatever his other limitations , helped make his presidency enormously successful and influential .

His wish was to have his clothed skeleton displayed , not a dressed , mummified corpse .
his wish was to have his clothed skeleton [showed] , not a dressed , mummified corpse .

Whatever the merits of essentialism as an outlook on life , its art world fruits , as displayed in the Boss exhibition , are flavorless and repetitive .
whatever the merits of essentialism as an outlook on life , its art world fruits , as [showed] in the boss exhibition , are flavorless and repetitive .

Rather than our food being handled by the farmer , it passes through the processing and distribution system , being handled , packed , unpacked , rehandled , packed again , transported , unpacked and displayed , and on and on .
rather than our food being handled by the farmer , it passes through the processing and distribution system , being handled , packed , unpacked , rehandled , packed again , transported , unpacked and [showed] , and on and on .

It displayed thousands of British-made things , heralding the emergence from wartime rationing into postwar consumerism .
it [showed] thousands of british-made things , heralding the emergence from wartime rationing into postwar consumerism .

The virtues-as-vices argument hurts Clinton not only by cementing the Lewinsky episode as the defining moment of his presidency but also by obscuring the ways in which he succeeded at Wye by overcoming the vices he displayed in that episode .
the virtues-as-vices argument hurts clinton not only by cementing the lewinsky episode as the defining moment of his presidency but also by obscuring the ways in which he succeeded at wye by overcoming the vices he [showed] in that episode .

When they relented and displayed their grief , they were likened to President Clinton ( for feeling others ' pain ) and scorned for pandering to public opinion .
when they relented and [showed] their grief , they were likened to president clinton ( for feeling others ' pain ) and scorned for pandering to public opinion .

When they relented and displayed their grief , they were likened to President Clinton ( for feeling others ' pain ) and scorned for pandering to public opinion .
when they relented and [showed] their grief , they were likened to president clinton ( for feeling others ' pain ) and scorned for pandering to public opinion .

The building itself -- a gray granite hexagon in Battery Park -- does not fare half as well : It `` conveys none of the brilliant complexity displayed inside '' ( Herbert Muschamp , the New York Times ) .
the building itself -- a gray granite hexagon in battery park -- does not fare half as well : it `` conveys none of the brilliant complexity [showed] inside '' ( herbert muschamp , the new york times ) .

The sideshow to last week 's Bill Clinton-Tony Blair summit , the Pooh flap was touched off when British MP Gwyneth Dunwoody , a Pol of Very Little Brain , visited the displayed in the New York Public Library .
the sideshow to last week 's bill clinton-tony blair summit , the pooh flap was touched off when british mp gwyneth dunwoody , a pol of very little brain , visited the [showed] in the new york public library .

After explaining that he thought the Army did n't need volunteers , he turned to the issue of his temper , recently displayed in response to a negative New York Times story that he claimed was leaked by the Bush campaign .
after explaining that he thought the army did n't need volunteers , he turned to the issue of his temper , recently [showed] in response to a negative new york times story that he claimed was leaked by the bush campaign .

The futurists of 1962 were on safe ground when they predicted that the 21 st century would be shaped by computers like the UNIVAC mainframe they displayed at the World 's Fair .
the futurists of 1962 were on safe ground when they predicted that the 21 st century would be shaped by computers like the univac mainframe they [showed] at the world 's fair .

The NYT piece on the day keeps it light , but the WP story keeps hitting current geopolitics , mentioning that as the ceremonies were unfolding , `` Saddam Hussein was again thumbing his nose at the United States , '' and quoting Clinton 's reference from the podium to `` the vigilance President Bush displayed in dealing with Iraq , [ which ] as we all know , is required again today . ''
the nyt piece on the day keeps it light , but the wp story keeps hitting current geopolitics , mentioning that as the ceremonies were unfolding , `` saddam hussein was again thumbing his nose at the united states , '' and quoting clinton 's reference from the podium to `` the vigilance president bush [showed] in dealing with iraq , [ which ] as we all know , is required again today . ''

The Post mentions a letter of Lincolnesque proportions displayed at the library that Bush wrote to his children during the run-up to Desert Storm .
the post mentions a letter of lincolnesque proportions [showed] at the library that bush wrote to his children during the run-up to desert storm .

Entrenched equipment manufacturer Rawlings is set to respond with such products as a baseball containing a microchip that enables it to calculate the speed at which it 's thrown , a datum displayed on an LCD on the baseball 's skin .
entrenched equipment manufacturer rawlings is set to respond with such products as a baseball containing a microchip that enables it to calculate the speed at which it 's thrown , a datum [showed] on an lcd on the baseball 's skin .

He displayed a rare awareness of Latinos in the region , both past and present .
he [showed] a rare awareness of latinos in the region , both past and present .

Poinsettias took Issue 1 honors as Fox News Sunday , NBC 's Meet the Press , CBS 's Face the Nation , CNN 's Late Edition , ABC 's This Week , and The McLaughlin Group displayed festive Euphorbia pulcherrima on their sets .
poinsettias took issue 1 honors as fox news sunday , nbc 's meet the press , cbs 's face the nation , cnn 's late edition , abc 's this week , and the mclaughlin group [showed] festive euphorbia pulcherrima on their sets .

McLaughlin displayed a statistic claiming the sanctions had contributed to the deaths of as many as 1.4-million Iraqi civilians since the end of Gulf War I .
mclaughlin [showed] a statistic claiming the sanctions had contributed to the deaths of as many as 1.4-million iraqi civilians since the end of gulf war i .

In his opening remarks for Eyes of the Nation : A Visual History of the United States , Librarian of Congress James H. Billington strikes a fondly nationalistic note : `` What makes the American narrative unique is the ability we have displayed time and again to remedy our mistakes , to adjust to changing circumstances , to debate and then move on in directions that seem better for all . ''
in his opening remarks for eyes of the nation : a visual history of the united states , librarian of congress james h. billington strikes a fondly nationalistic note : `` what makes the american narrative unique is the ability we have [showed] time and again to remedy our mistakes , to adjust to changing circumstances , to debate and then move on in directions that seem better for all . ''

Of the two women depicted in Olympia , the lily-white nude courtesan , displayed on a chaise longue , elicited the outcry .
of the two women depicted in olympia , the lily-white nude courtesan , [showed] on a chaise longue , elicited the outcry .

Michelangelo 's metamorphic wit , somewhere between the nightmare transformations of his fellow Florentine Dante Alighieri and the baroque fantasies of Lorenzo Bernini , is nowhere better displayed than in his famous drawing of Phaëthon 's fall .
michelangelo 's metamorphic wit , somewhere between the nightmare transformations of his fellow florentine dante alighieri and the baroque fantasies of lorenzo bernini , is nowhere better [showed] than in his famous drawing of phaëthon 's fall .

Turn-of-the-century courts did not display a libertarian attitude toward civil rights ; they displayed a libertarian attitude toward economic rights , tending to throw out legislation aimed at regulating industry and protecting workers on the grounds that people had a constitutional right to enter into contracts and to use their own property as they saw fit .
turn-of-the-century courts did not display a libertarian attitude toward civil rights ; they [showed] a libertarian attitude toward economic rights , tending to throw out legislation aimed at regulating industry and protecting workers on the grounds that people had a constitutional right to enter into contracts and to use their own property as they saw fit .

While training for a career as an officer in the late 1920s , he displayed fashionable contempt for the Weimar Republic .
while training for a career as an officer in the late 1920s , he [showed] fashionable contempt for the weimar republic .

Meaning has actually tended to be a pitfall for him , as is shown by his topical posters , only one of which is displayed here , a dully literal item for Earth Day 1970 .
meaning has actually tended to be a pitfall for him , as is shown by his topical posters , only one of which is [showed] here , a dully literal item for earth day 1970 .

The original Flag ( 1954-1955 ) -- which is a representation of the familiar red , white , and blue , 48-starred item -- first attracted attention in 1957 , when it was displayed in a group show at the Leo Castelli Gallery .
the original flag ( 1954-1955 ) -- which is a representation of the familiar red , white , and blue , 48-starred item -- first attracted attention in 1957 , when it was [showed] in a group show at the leo castelli gallery .

His body will be preserved and displayed at the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History early next year .
his body will be preserved and [showed] at the smithsonian museum of natural history early next year .

His best-known painting is a giant canvas of the Ecuadorian mountains called Heart of the Andes ( 1859 ) , which he displayed as if it were a theater of the real unto itself .
his best-known painting is a giant canvas of the ecuadorian mountains called heart of the andes ( 1859 ) , which he [showed] as if it were a theater of the real unto itself .

Domestically , Tudjman has displayed a similar gift for conceding just enough to seem reasonable .
domestically , tudjman has [showed] a similar gift for conceding just enough to seem reasonable .

Here we find the vivid brand names , the poetic model names , the features invented for their function but displayed for their looks -- all evoking motion , action , swift personal transport , perhaps into a better world .
here we find the vivid brand names , the poetic model names , the features invented for their function but [showed] for their looks -- all evoking motion , action , swift personal transport , perhaps into a better world .

The paper 's reporter on the spot , Richard Lloyd Parry , wrote that `` warriors carrying spears , rifles and machetes displayed a severed ear and a human arm and offered me lumps of hearts and livers torn from the bodies of ethnic Madurese , who have become the target of a large-scale ethnic purge .
the paper 's reporter on the spot , richard lloyd parry , wrote that `` warriors carrying spears , rifles and machetes [showed] a severed ear and a human arm and offered me lumps of hearts and livers torn from the bodies of ethnic madurese , who have become the target of a large-scale ethnic purge .

Drawing heavily on works in the museum 's permanent collection , some of which are rarely displayed , Anderson 's first attempt at a blockbuster eschews political correctness , offers no historical revisionism , and even includes work by Norman Rockwell without quotation marks .
drawing heavily on works in the museum 's permanent collection , some of which are rarely [showed] , anderson 's first attempt at a blockbuster eschews political correctness , offers no historical revisionism , and even includes work by norman rockwell without quotation marks .

A picture of the men -- one with a badly bruised face -- was displayed on Serbian TV and reproduced in newspapers around the world .
a picture of the men -- one with a badly bruised face -- was [showed] on serbian tv and reproduced in newspapers around the world .

Then Giuliani displayed his usual flair for playful repartee with the run , run business .
then giuliani [showed] his usual flair for playful repartee with the run , run business .

A show back then at the Metropolitan Museum of Art 's Costume Institute might have displayed a tired ecclesiastical vestment from 17 th -century Spain or a stiffly embroidered linen nightcap looking inert and inscrutable .
a show back then at the metropolitan museum of art 's costume institute might have [showed] a tired ecclesiastical vestment from 17 th -century spain or a stiffly embroidered linen nightcap looking inert and inscrutable .

There 's Tom Ford 's red velvet suit from his 1996-97 winter collection , displayed next to the red wool French Revolutionary coat : Its old-fashioned 1970s redness sets up vibrations with older-fashioned 1790s redness , and both look timely .
there 's tom ford 's red velvet suit from his 1996-97 winter collection , [showed] next to the red wool french revolutionary coat : its old-fashioned 1970s redness sets up vibrations with older-fashioned 1790s redness , and both look timely .

Then Giuliani displayed his usual flair for playful repartee with the run run business .
then giuliani [showed] his usual flair for playful repartee with the run run business .

At 36 , Santorum became the youngest member of the Senate and made a name for treating fainthearted older members of his own party with the same boorishness and arrogance he had displayed toward Wofford .
at 36 , santorum became the youngest member of the senate and made a name for treating fainthearted older members of his own party with the same boorishness and arrogance he had [showed] toward wofford .

The word `` risky , '' displayed as a bold chyron atop the Dole footage , bolsters this idea .
the word `` risky , '' [showed] as a bold chyron atop the dole footage , bolsters this idea .

It is , of course , ubiquitous in the world of sport ( `` even though Irabu never displayed his overhyped 99-mph fastball '' ) , of fashion ( `` Tommy Hilfiger , the overhyped American designer '' ) , of trade ( `` overhyped and overmarketed product '' ) , and of celebrity in general ( `` a brief and , she says , overhyped liaison with John F. Kennedy Jr. '' ) , but it has filtered down to unimaginable levels , much as a grande caffè latte can now be had in the coal fields of West Virginia .
it is , of course , ubiquitous in the world of sport ( `` even though irabu never [showed] his overhyped 99-mph fastball '' ) , of fashion ( `` tommy hilfiger , the overhyped american designer '' ) , of trade ( `` overhyped and overmarketed product '' ) , and of celebrity in general ( `` a brief and , she says , overhyped liaison with john f. kennedy jr. '' ) , but it has filtered down to unimaginable levels , much as a grande caffè latte can now be had in the coal fields of west virginia .

John , Joe , and the others are probably also related to the people whose names are found on the credit cards and driver 's licenses displayed in advertisements , and I assume they all know the mysterious `` M. Marts '' whose name appears on dunning letters from American Express , above a signature that looks like it was drawn on an Etch-a-Sketch .
john , joe , and the others are probably also related to the people whose names are found on the credit cards and driver 's licenses [showed] in advertisements , and i assume they all know the mysterious `` m. marts '' whose name appears on dunning letters from american express , above a signature that looks like it was drawn on an etch-a-sketch .

In modern Istanbul , the scarf completely depersonalizes the shapely legs and curving torso displayed in contemporary clothes below it .
in modern istanbul , the scarf completely depersonalizes the shapely legs and curving torso [showed] in contemporary clothes below it .

The Germans , he writes , displayed `` the callousness toward human life typically attending war .
the germans , he writes , [showed] `` the callousness toward human life typically attending war .

Tinsley credited God for his abilities , while Lafferty reacted to the tie with the same sort of aplomb that , it 's safe to say , he would have displayed if he 'd lost .
tinsley credited god for his abilities , while lafferty reacted to the tie with the same sort of aplomb that , it 's safe to say , he would have [showed] if he 'd lost .

Terrible scenes of massacres , bombings , and the like are displayed almost daily .
terrible scenes of massacres , bombings , and the like are [showed] almost daily .

The archives of the College of Physicians of Philadelphia contain a note dictated by a fellow of the college in 1944 that reads , `` Recently a Japanese officer sent 210 Chinese heads to Japan as trophies to be displayed .
the archives of the college of physicians of philadelphia contain a note dictated by a fellow of the college in 1944 that reads , `` recently a japanese officer sent 210 chinese heads to japan as trophies to be [showed] .

He still exaggerates the hostility displayed , and says that Saxton `` wo n't let me answer '' when in fact Reich 's chief economist is later allowed to deliver a lecture-length reply .
he still exaggerates the hostility [showed] , and says that saxton `` wo n't let me answer '' when in fact reich 's chief economist is later allowed to deliver a lecture-length reply .

The consensus is that Bumpers ' aw-shucks style and his rhetorical flourishes were viewed by the Senate audience as a refreshing contrast to the lawyerly nit-picking ( such as that displayed by Clinton private attorney David Kendall , who also spoke yesterday ) that had heretofore carried the day .
the consensus is that bumpers ' aw-shucks style and his rhetorical flourishes were viewed by the senate audience as a refreshing contrast to the lawyerly nit-picking ( such as that [showed] by clinton private attorney david kendall , who also spoke yesterday ) that had heretofore carried the day .

The WP reports that a U.S. expert on bio-warfare walked through Capitol security yesterday carrying 7.5 grams of powdered anthrax in a plastic bottle , and then proceeded to a House hearing where he displayed his deadly sample .
the wp reports that a u.s. expert on bio-warfare walked through capitol security yesterday carrying 7.5 grams of powdered anthrax in a plastic bottle , and then proceeded to a house hearing where he [showed] his deadly sample .

Every article mentions the remarkable partisanship displayed behind those doors .
every article mentions the remarkable partisanship [showed] behind those doors .

The WP and NYT say Nichols , called an `` enemy of the Constitution '' by the judge , displayed no emotion .
the wp and nyt say nichols , called an `` enemy of the constitution '' by the judge , [showed] no emotion .

The caskets of the two murdered Capitol guards will be displayed all day Tuesday in the Capitol Rotunda , where the President and Vice President will pay tribute to the men .
the caskets of the two murdered capitol guards will be [showed] all day tuesday in the capitol rotunda , where the president and vice president will pay tribute to the men .

The fronts at USAT and LAT report North Korea 's test-firing of a ballistic missile Monday , a test which sent the missile 's second stage clear across Japan and displayed a far greater range than was previously attributed to it .
the fronts at usat and lat report north korea 's test-firing of a ballistic missile monday , a test which sent the missile 's second stage clear across japan and [showed] a far greater range than was previously attributed to it .

As Ilyich 's body was eternalized in embalming fluids ( or duplicated in wax , as some skeptics believe ) and displayed much like the relics of saints under an impressive mausoleum in Red Square against the Kremlin wall , the city created by the westernizing tsar and named for himself with a western , German name , Sankt-Peterburg , was renamed Leningrad .
as ilyich 's body was eternalized in embalming fluids ( or duplicated in wax , as some skeptics believe ) and [showed] much like the relics of saints under an impressive mausoleum in red square against the kremlin wall , the city created by the westernizing tsar and named for himself with a western , german name , sankt-peterburg , was renamed leningrad .

I suppose that can be classified as a reaction of mild amusement at the cleverness displayed , but it , too , soon cloys .
i suppose that can be classified as a reaction of mild amusement at the cleverness [showed] , but it , too , soon cloys .

Both papers displayed an editorial indulgence in word play .
both papers [showed] an editorial indulgence in word play .

Similarly , Bombay furniture ( a style combining European forms with Indian ornamentation ) provided the metonymic euphemism The Bombay ; the Oxford English Dictionary tells us that the name is possibly attributable to the Bombay chair , wherein chamberpots were placed , as it was common in the past to have one 's chamberpot concealed in a piece of furniture , which could then be proudly displayed .
similarly , bombay furniture ( a style combining european forms with indian ornamentation ) provided the metonymic euphemism the bombay ; the oxford english dictionary tells us that the name is possibly attributable to the bombay chair , wherein chamberpots were placed , as it was common in the past to have one 's chamberpot concealed in a piece of furniture , which could then be proudly [showed] .

The energetic defining and developing of a woman 's language , the inevitable doubting and questioning of it , is energized by the work of French feminists , and is displayed in the verbal acrobatics of radical feminist theologian Mary Daly .
the energetic defining and developing of a woman 's language , the inevitable doubting and questioning of it , is energized by the work of french feminists , and is [showed] in the verbal acrobatics of radical feminist theologian mary daly .

A butcher 's stall and table where meat is displayed .
a butcher 's stall and table where meat is [showed] .

I still remember the enthusiastic reception we got from the audience ; but , better still , I can quote from the glowing review we got from St. John Irvine , the eminent critic for The London Observer , who observed that Christopher “ displayed all the signs that denote an accomplished comedian. ” As for Dorothy , Mr. Irvine called her “ a very beautiful little girl and , at the risk of turning her head , she has the makings of a very good actress. ” Our narrator , Ann Casson , “ read the passages with a clearness of utterance that was remarkable. ” Towards the end of the review Mr. Irvine added , “ Mr .
i still remember the enthusiastic reception we got from the audience ; but , better still , i can quote from the glowing review we got from st. john irvine , the eminent critic for the london observer , who observed that christopher “ [showed] all the signs that denote an accomplished comedian. ” as for dorothy , mr. irvine called her “ a very beautiful little girl and , at the risk of turning her head , she has the makings of a very good actress. ” our narrator , ann casson , “ read the passages with a clearness of utterance that was remarkable. ” towards the end of the review mr. irvine added , “ mr .

To hold the priesthood is a euphemism for any sort of physical affection displayed by women towards men ( since all men , at least in principle , are members of the priesthood ) ; the Word of Wisdom is a reference to Mormons ' dietary laws ( which prohibit smoking , alcohol , drugs , and caffeine-containing hot drinks ) ; Primary is a reference to children up to the age of eleven ( as with the Relief Society , this is an example of the name of the organization being extended generally to its members ) .
to hold the priesthood is a euphemism for any sort of physical affection [showed] by women towards men ( since all men , at least in principle , are members of the priesthood ) ; the word of wisdom is a reference to mormons ' dietary laws ( which prohibit smoking , alcohol , drugs , and caffeine-containing hot drinks ) ; primary is a reference to children up to the age of eleven ( as with the relief society , this is an example of the name of the organization being extended generally to its members ) .

General dictionaries show pronunciations , it is true , but not in the depth displayed in this work [ LPD ] , rarely with its precision , and almost never with both American and British pronunciations side by side .
general dictionaries show pronunciations , it is true , but not in the depth [showed] in this work [ lpd ] , rarely with its precision , and almost never with both american and british pronunciations side by side .

Another inference might be that the same tolerance displayed by Greeks in their dealings with resident foreigners—at any rate , American and European ones—has been extended to English words which are , as noted , largely exempted from the strictures of Greek grammar and allowed to retain their alien habit .
another inference might be that the same tolerance [showed] by greeks in their dealings with resident foreigners—at any rate , american and european ones—has been extended to english words which are , as noted , largely exempted from the strictures of greek grammar and allowed to retain their alien habit .

In 1942 Dent issued a hardcover edition of the paperback , and that autumn I , a soldier in the Canadian Army , saw it displayed in a number of London bookshops .
in 1942 dent issued a hardcover edition of the paperback , and that autumn i , a soldier in the canadian army , saw it [showed] in a number of london bookshops .

In a typical college dictionary , which might have , say , 85,000 headwords the entry count ( which is prominently displayed in the jacket blurbs ) is about twice that , or 170,000 .
in a typical college dictionary , which might have , say , 85,000 headwords the entry count ( which is prominently [showed] in the jacket blurbs ) is about twice that , or 170,000 .

Perhaps if he had displayed some badges , authentic or otherwise , he might have more easily achieved his objective . )
perhaps if he had [showed] some badges , authentic or otherwise , he might have more easily achieved his objective . )

Similarly , fine-feeling English-speaking visitors to the Locarno region will freeze with horror when they see the initials of the Ferrovie Autolinee Regionali Ticinesi -- the Ticinese Regional Railways and Bus Services -- brazenly displayed on the local buses , and I once heard an Australian murmur that he had never seen anything quite as big and blue as that in his own country .
similarly , fine-feeling english-speaking visitors to the locarno region will freeze with horror when they see the initials of the ferrovie autolinee regionali ticinesi -- the ticinese regional railways and bus services -- brazenly [showed] on the local buses , and i once heard an australian murmur that he had never seen anything quite as big and blue as that in his own country .

