Selling needs public relations to assist it in its everyday operation and selling is often called upon to disseminate a public relations message .
selling needs public relations to assist it in its everyday operation and selling is often called upon to [give out] a public relations message .

Because of the in-house nature of separatism , we saw the conferences as opportunities to disseminate our beliefs to huge numbers of women .
because of the in-house nature of separatism , we saw the conferences as opportunities to [give out] our beliefs to huge numbers of women .

These brought to centre stage their concern with media ‘ reality ’ : the public is dependent on what the mass media disseminate ‘ yet under no circumstances can the picture replicate the world in its full complexity ’ .
these brought to centre stage their concern with media ‘ reality ’ : the public is dependent on what the mass media [give out] ‘ yet under no circumstances can the picture replicate the world in its full complexity ’ .

Elsewhere , only a sector of administration , such as the Chinese Customs or the Egyptian judiciary , would disseminate European influence .
elsewhere , only a sector of administration , such as the chinese customs or the egyptian judiciary , would [give out] european influence .

The public counts on those who disseminate factual information … to be certain that what they tell us is as accurate as research and the conscientious use of language can make it .
the public counts on those who [give out] factual information … to be certain that what they tell us is as accurate as research and the conscientious use of language can make it .

Purged of prejudice , our language can be used ‘ conscientiously ’ to disseminate ‘ accurate ’ information .
purged of prejudice , our language can be used ‘ conscientiously ’ to [give out] ‘ accurate ’ information .

Whether new words and new meanings are accepted can depend to some extent on what means exist to disseminate them .
whether new words and new meanings are accepted can depend to some extent on what means exist to [give out] them .

Politicians manipulate , entrepreneurs exploit , teachers disseminate information , priests sermonize , bosses of all kinds give orders , even friends give advice .
politicians manipulate , entrepreneurs exploit , teachers [give out] information , priests sermonize , bosses of all kinds give orders , even friends give advice .

An important job for the force has been to collect and disseminate examples of good practice .
an important job for the force has been to collect and [give out] examples of good practice .

Few people in Britain have the author 's range of knowledge relating to adolescents or his ability to evaluate and disseminate it .
few people in britain have the author 's range of knowledge relating to adolescents or his ability to evaluate and [give out] it .

Virtually untrained and sometimes brutal warders , without the influence of a fully-trained national ‘ cadre ’ of officers ( as in the police ) to encourage higher standards and to disseminate new ideas .
virtually untrained and sometimes brutal warders , without the influence of a fully-trained national ‘ cadre ’ of officers ( as in the police ) to encourage higher standards and to [give out] new ideas .

In that country the original intention was to oppose the compulsory arbitration system which employers had regarded as a fundamental challenge to management rights , and subsequently to disseminate information and advice to association members ‘ in interpreting the maze of awards , classifications and legislation that the system was producing ’ ( Plowman , 1980 , p. 253 ) .
in that country the original intention was to oppose the compulsory arbitration system which employers had regarded as a fundamental challenge to management rights , and subsequently to [give out] information and advice to association members ‘ in interpreting the maze of awards , classifications and legislation that the system was producing ’ ( plowman , 1980 , p. 253 ) .

Some Arminians were even accused of attempting to disseminate views on the eucharist that were suspiciously similar to transubstantiation .
some arminians were even accused of attempting to [give out] views on the eucharist that were suspiciously similar to transubstantiation .

Recent initiatives such as the National Writing Project and the National Oracy Project have done much to foster such developments and to disseminate good practice .
recent initiatives such as the national writing project and the national oracy project have done much to foster such developments and to [give out] good practice .

Participants will focus on the most effective ways to disseminate news and information , including placing news and feature articles in the local and national press .
participants will focus on the most effective ways to [give out] news and information , including placing news and feature articles in the local and national press .

Without them , and without record companies and publishers to disseminate their work , Britain 's rich heritage of church music would be considerably diminished .
without them , and without record companies and publishers to [give out] their work , britain 's rich heritage of church music would be considerably diminished .

It urges clergy and others to disseminate widely those parts of this Report which are relevant to the life of their local church , and also to help their congregations to recognise their responsibility in making progress possible .
it urges clergy and others to [give out] widely those parts of this report which are relevant to the life of their local church , and also to help their congregations to recognise their responsibility in making progress possible .

After all , if its purpose is professional development and curriculum improvement , there is no reason why schools and teachers should disseminate what they do farther than the bounds of their own school community .
after all , if its purpose is professional development and curriculum improvement , there is no reason why schools and teachers should [give out] what they do farther than the bounds of their own school community .

While the government was to some extent successful in thereby isolating its opponents from their comrades in European Russia and elsewhere , the ‘ democratrization ’ of the political exile operation only served to disseminate the seeds and agents of revolutionary change in greater numbers and into the remotest corners of the empire .
while the government was to some extent successful in thereby isolating its opponents from their comrades in european russia and elsewhere , the ‘ democratrization ’ of the political exile operation only served to [give out] the seeds and agents of revolutionary change in greater numbers and into the remotest corners of the empire .

But this is not all ; underneath his exterior as a down-home , self-made millionaire and country and western singer , he uses his music to disseminate crypto-fascist politics .
but this is not all ; underneath his exterior as a down-home , self-made millionaire and country and western singer , he uses his music to [give out] crypto-fascist politics .

In each novel the specific configuration of the two discourses , authoritative communist on the one hand , disorientating existential on the other , is the product of two overriding influences : first , the economic , political , ideological and cultural forces that together produced each particular text ; secondly , and this is but a super-structural reflection of the first point , Nizan 's divided ambitions as a novelist , attempting at one level to exploit bourgeois culture in order to disseminate communist ideology effectively ( the communist project ) , and at another level to create a cultural product of value beyond its immediate moment of production ( the bourgeois project ) .
in each novel the specific configuration of the two discourses , authoritative communist on the one hand , disorientating existential on the other , is the product of two overriding influences : first , the economic , political , ideological and cultural forces that together produced each particular text ; secondly , and this is but a super-structural reflection of the first point , nizan 's divided ambitions as a novelist , attempting at one level to exploit bourgeois culture in order to [give out] communist ideology effectively ( the communist project ) , and at another level to create a cultural product of value beyond its immediate moment of production ( the bourgeois project ) .

hiring immigrant labour to undercut white wages ) , they deskilled workers to reduce their craft monopoly , used sympathetic newspapers and journals to disseminate anti-union propaganda and successfully lobbied politicians .
hiring immigrant labour to undercut white wages ) , they deskilled workers to reduce their craft monopoly , used sympathetic newspapers and journals to [give out] anti-union propaganda and successfully lobbied politicians .

to disseminate available expertise and knowledge to the wider business and education communities .
to [give out] available expertise and knowledge to the wider business and education communities .

For fear that those who disseminate racist propaganda would turn to newer mediums of communication , it was decided to deal explicitly and comprehensively with all forms of communication such as films , tapes , records and video recordings , f not all of which would unambiguously have fallen within the proposed law .
for fear that those who [give out] racist propaganda would turn to newer mediums of communication , it was decided to deal explicitly and comprehensively with all forms of communication such as films , tapes , records and video recordings , f not all of which would unambiguously have fallen within the proposed law .

It may be argued that this is an appropriate restriction , since the law catches only those who disseminate or broadcast their propaganda on a wide scale , and not those whose correspondence is entirely private .
it may be argued that this is an appropriate restriction , since the law catches only those who [give out] or broadcast their propaganda on a wide scale , and not those whose correspondence is entirely private .

It seems as if each major branch of geomorphology had at least one new textbook which served to disseminate techniques and ideas and to serve as a baseline from which new research and teaching could develop .
it seems as if each major branch of geomorphology had at least one new textbook which served to [give out] techniques and ideas and to serve as a baseline from which new research and teaching could develop .

Leading publishers disseminate information in two ways .
leading publishers [give out] information in two ways .

The aim is to disseminate messages as widely as possible within a given community .
the aim is to [give out] messages as widely as possible within a given community .

The argument against so doing is that the institutions will wish to disseminate the proceeds of the flotation to their various funds and can not cater for contingent liabilities such as warranty claims .
the argument against so doing is that the institutions will wish to [give out] the proceeds of the flotation to their various funds and can not cater for contingent liabilities such as warranty claims .

It can thus be seen that both in this chapter and in the closely related one on adult education which follows , the Report addresses English professors and teaching staff not so much as professionals but as responsible public figures ; as socially concerned part-time and even voluntary preachers functioning to disseminate a national culture .
it can thus be seen that both in this chapter and in the closely related one on adult education which follows , the report addresses english professors and teaching staff not so much as professionals but as responsible public figures ; as socially concerned part-time and even voluntary preachers functioning to [give out] a national culture .

It has been suggested that this restates Arnold 's conception of a group of `` apostles of culture `` who disseminate the `` best `` that is known and has been thought .
it has been suggested that this restates arnold 's conception of a group of `` apostles of culture `` who [give out] the `` best `` that is known and has been thought .

They then ‘ disseminate ’ this information via documentation and planning rounds ; progress is ‘ monitored ’ by verbal and documented forms of evaluation .
they then ‘ [give out] ’ this information via documentation and planning rounds ; progress is ‘ monitored ’ by verbal and documented forms of evaluation .

Meiji Six Society ) , a group of enlightened scholars formed in 1874 to discuss and disseminate new ideas , were in the forefront of this debate .
meiji six society ) , a group of enlightened scholars formed in 1874 to discuss and [give out] new ideas , were in the forefront of this debate .

Central and local government worked hard to improve methods and disseminate new techniques .
central and local government worked hard to improve methods and [give out] new techniques .

The essential aims of the standing conference are to protect the public by promoting appropriate standards for training , research , education , and the practice of psychotherapy and to disseminate information .
the essential aims of the standing conference are to protect the public by promoting appropriate standards for training , research , education , and the practice of psychotherapy and to [give out] information .

An editorial recently went so far as to say that more important than establishing a framework for research and development was doing something about the failure to disseminate and apply existing knowledge .
an editorial recently went so far as to say that more important than establishing a framework for research and development was doing something about the failure to [give out] and apply existing knowledge .

Some degree of influence can not be avoided , and in fact many sociologists would now argue that the sociologist has a definite responsibility to disseminate this knowledge in order to criticise delusions and misconceptions .
some degree of influence can not be avoided , and in fact many sociologists would now argue that the sociologist has a definite responsibility to [give out] this knowledge in order to criticise delusions and misconceptions .

disseminate good practice .
[give out] good practice .

conferences to disseminate action research questions and findings .
conferences to [give out] action research questions and findings .

The signatories of the Charter have accepted responsibility for maintaining the good code of practice and also agree to disseminate the document through their organisations , encouraging their managers to actively participate .
the signatories of the charter have accepted responsibility for maintaining the good code of practice and also agree to [give out] the document through their organisations , encouraging their managers to actively participate .

Its purpose is to disseminate the findings of current and recent Scottish research on gender issues — throughout education — and to launch a research network .
its purpose is to [give out] the findings of current and recent scottish research on gender issues — throughout education — and to launch a research network .

Public relations departments in large organisations have a number of channels open to them and they should utilise a mixture of these to disseminate information — notice boards , in-house journals , videos , briefings and meetings .
public relations departments in large organisations have a number of channels open to them and they should utilise a mixture of these to [give out] information — notice boards , in-house journals , videos , briefings and meetings .

In establishing funding for the National Endowment for the Arts , the Senate on Sept. 30 , 1989 , approved an amendment prohibiting the use of federal funds `` to promote , disseminate , or produce obscene materials `` .
in establishing funding for the national endowment for the arts , the senate on sept. 30 , 1989 , approved an amendment prohibiting the use of federal funds `` to promote , [give out] , or produce obscene materials `` .

The prime objective is to advance understanding of the initiation and response to new technologies in firms , and to disseminate the findings to industry , government , and unions , as well as to the academic community .
the prime objective is to advance understanding of the initiation and response to new technologies in firms , and to [give out] the findings to industry , government , and unions , as well as to the academic community .

The objectives of the research are to increase understanding of the problems and difficulties associated with implementing performance management in a single government policy area which straddles central government , local government and a range of statutory agencies ; and to evaluate those changing practices across a spectrum of organisations and thereby to assess the quality of approach in order to disseminate best practice .
the objectives of the research are to increase understanding of the problems and difficulties associated with implementing performance management in a single government policy area which straddles central government , local government and a range of statutory agencies ; and to evaluate those changing practices across a spectrum of organisations and thereby to assess the quality of approach in order to [give out] best practice .

In order to disseminate research findings and to maintain contact with policymakers , the Centre has held Public Policy Seminars and Conferences on policy-related issues : a recent example was a seminar on housing allowances and the housing benefit scheme .
in order to [give out] research findings and to maintain contact with policymakers , the centre has held public policy seminars and conferences on policy-related issues : a recent example was a seminar on housing allowances and the housing benefit scheme .

The Centre has instigated a Discussion Paper series to disseminate research findings .
the centre has instigated a discussion paper series to [give out] research findings .

The grant is awarded to pay toward the costs of a series of three workshops , the purpose of which is to disseminate 16-19 Initiative findings .
the grant is awarded to pay toward the costs of a series of three workshops , the purpose of which is to [give out] 16-19 initiative findings .

to carry out investigation and research into the science of plants and related subjects and disseminate the results of the investigation and research ;
to carry out investigation and research into the science of plants and related subjects and [give out] the results of the investigation and research ;

to carry out investigation and research into the science of plants and related subjects and disseminate the results of the investigation and research ;
to carry out investigation and research into the science of plants and related subjects and [give out] the results of the investigation and research ;

You would go in there planning to discuss , say , her habit of ogling men in restaurants or her inability to repay money she had borrowed , or her ability to disseminate confidences throughout the whole of Wimbledon about five minutes after they had been imparted to her , and you would end up discussing the state of affairs in Europe , the merits of Beethoven , or , more usually , your own deficiencies .
you would go in there planning to discuss , say , her habit of ogling men in restaurants or her inability to repay money she had borrowed , or her ability to [give out] confidences throughout the whole of wimbledon about five minutes after they had been imparted to her , and you would end up discussing the state of affairs in europe , the merits of beethoven , or , more usually , your own deficiencies .

Firstly , it will disseminate these new procedures to the social science community by means of newsletters workshops and computer software .
firstly , it will [give out] these new procedures to the social science community by means of newsletters workshops and computer software .

To disseminate to teachers the work of other interested parties ( publishers — research organizations ) and the outcomes of their attempts at finding solutions to the problem of explicit and latent sexism in children 's literature
to [give out] to teachers the work of other interested parties ( publishers — research organizations ) and the outcomes of their attempts at finding solutions to the problem of explicit and latent sexism in children 's literature

To regularly disseminate to teachers , annotated lists of new titles published which are aimed at children and adolescents
to regularly [give out] to teachers , annotated lists of new titles published which are aimed at children and adolescents

Encourage research and development in the recognition , assessment and management of engineering risks and disseminate the findings .
encourage research and development in the recognition , assessment and management of engineering risks and [give out] the findings .

disseminate information on vibration problems , amend flight manuals
[give out] information on vibration problems , amend flight manuals

Media organizations , eager to disseminate stories with maximum speed on the basis of initial reports , ran a particular risk not only of news management by those giving their briefings , but also of giving prominence to `` news `` which later proved incorrect .
media organizations , eager to [give out] stories with maximum speed on the basis of initial reports , ran a particular risk not only of news management by those giving their briefings , but also of giving prominence to `` news `` which later proved incorrect .

the extent to which the project will , or has the potential to , disseminate enterprise activities within the University ;
the extent to which the project will , or has the potential to , [give out] enterprise activities within the university ;

To disseminate information .
to [give out] information .

In this respect , a quarterly in-house newspaper entitled ‘ Wood News ’ is published to disseminate news about the Group 's business to all employees .
in this respect , a quarterly in-house newspaper entitled ‘ wood news ’ is published to [give out] news about the group 's business to all employees .

The screen-based systems of the exchanges now make it feasible to disseminate price quotations for debt securities and to report transactions .
the screen-based systems of the exchanges now make it feasible to [give out] price quotations for debt securities and to report transactions .

The patient , rendered incurable , is then particularly liable to travel in search of treatment to better equipped countries , and there to disseminate the resistant organisms which he carries .
the patient , rendered incurable , is then particularly liable to travel in search of treatment to better equipped countries , and there to [give out] the resistant organisms which he carries .

In the final analysis students , although able to generate new ideas and disseminate them within a limited circle of people , do not have power and are no match for the military .
in the final analysis students , although able to generate new ideas and [give out] them within a limited circle of people , do not have power and are no match for the military .

Individuals have to search more intensively for the most favourably priced goods , and firms have to determine their new prices ( not easy when production costs are continually changing ) and then disseminate the information .
individuals have to search more intensively for the most favourably priced goods , and firms have to determine their new prices ( not easy when production costs are continually changing ) and then [give out] the information .

These are the sort of avenues by which we should approach proper research as to the quality of the environment as perceived by the animal , proper use of education to disseminate that knowledge and minimal legislation where necessary .
these are the sort of avenues by which we should approach proper research as to the quality of the environment as perceived by the animal , proper use of education to [give out] that knowledge and minimal legislation where necessary .

By late February he had already ‘ endeavored to disseminate Truth ’ in the form of three political lectures , the first two delivered at the Corn Market in Wine Street , the third in a vacant house on Castle Green .
by late february he had already ‘ endeavored to [give out] truth ’ in the form of three political lectures , the first two delivered at the corn market in wine street , the third in a vacant house on castle green .

In such circumstances , it is clearly easier to establish more or less uniform procedures on a more or less informal basis , and to disseminate to the general public the sort of information which will generate trust .
in such circumstances , it is clearly easier to establish more or less uniform procedures on a more or less informal basis , and to [give out] to the general public the sort of information which will generate trust .

to publish and disseminate information relating to the curriculum for schools
to publish and [give out] information relating to the curriculum for schools

to publish and disseminate … information relating to examinations and assessment
to publish and [give out] … information relating to examinations and assessment

disseminate good practice within the region and through the national network
[give out] good practice within the region and through the national network

However , expert systems technology allows specialists to transfer their expertise to a computer system providing a means to disseminate expertise in a comprehensive and cost effective manner .
however , expert systems technology allows specialists to transfer their expertise to a computer system providing a means to [give out] expertise in a comprehensive and cost effective manner .

disseminate or make use of any information that would allow a breach of security without the authority of the Director ;
[give out] or make use of any information that would allow a breach of security without the authority of the director ;

They collect information and materials , frequently re-package it , and then disseminate it .
they collect information and materials , frequently re-package it , and then [give out] it .

Our primary objective is to collect , organize and disseminate information and materials relating to academic library orientation and instruction .
our primary objective is to collect , organize and [give out] information and materials relating to academic library orientation and instruction .

The University of Bradford is developing its system to disseminate information of an orientational nature to the new library user .
the university of bradford is developing its system to [give out] information of an orientational nature to the new library user .

In 1859 the California Police Gazette printed Ridge ’ s story in ten installments and this publicity helped to further disseminate the story .
in 1859 the california police gazette printed ridge ’ s story in ten installments and this publicity helped to further [give out] the story .

It must define and disseminate a flag , a national anthem , and celebrate holidays such as the Fourth of July , Veterans ’ Day , and the birthdays of great national leaders .
it must define and [give out] a flag , a national anthem , and celebrate holidays such as the fourth of july , veterans ’ day , and the birthdays of great national leaders .

There is also a need for health services research to examine technology transfer and explore ways to disseminate research findings to emergency settings of differing size and complexity .
there is also a need for health services research to examine technology transfer and explore ways to [give out] research findings to emergency settings of differing size and complexity .

Advances in the use of information technology and the Internet are continuing to change the way federal agencies communicate , use , and disseminate information , deliver services , and conduct business .
advances in the use of information technology and the internet are continuing to change the way federal agencies communicate , use , and [give out] information , deliver services , and conduct business .

These organizations range from groups that disseminate information on immediate threats and vulnerabilities , to those that seek to facilitate information sharing between public and private entities on industry-specific threats , to those that promote coordination across infrastructure sectors and on an international scale .
these organizations range from groups that [give out] information on immediate threats and vulnerabilities , to those that seek to facilitate information sharing between public and private entities on industry-specific threats , to those that promote coordination across infrastructure sectors and on an international scale .

For example , Web sites were used to ( 1 ) disseminate all types of information , including alerts , advisories , reports , and other analysis ; ( 2 ) make databases available to the members ; and ( 3 ) provide methods for members to ask each other about particular incidents , vulnerabilities , or potential solutions .
for example , web sites were used to ( 1 ) [give out] all types of information , including alerts , advisories , reports , and other analysis ; ( 2 ) make databases available to the members ; and ( 3 ) provide methods for members to ask each other about particular incidents , vulnerabilities , or potential solutions .

This organization relied primarily on regular mail and telephone conversations to disseminate information about most things , including meeting agendas and real-time problem solving .
this organization relied primarily on regular mail and telephone conversations to [give out] information about most things , including meeting agendas and real-time problem solving .

In this capacity , it cooperates with the federal National Infrastructure Protection Center to identify threat trends and vulnerabilities and disseminate assessments , advisories , and alerts to its members .
in this capacity , it cooperates with the federal national infrastructure protection center to identify threat trends and vulnerabilities and [give out] assessments , advisories , and alerts to its members .

GPO Access can be used to search the Federal Register back to 1995 with particular search parameters ( e.g. , proposed rules issued during December 1999 containing the phrase `` air quality standards '' ) .3 Using Agency Web Sites to Identify Proposed Rules All of the federal regulatory agencies that we examined also used their own web sites to disseminate information about their rulemaking plans and activities .
gpo access can be used to search the federal register back to 1995 with particular search parameters ( e.g. , proposed rules issued during december 1999 containing the phrase `` air quality standards '' ) .3 using agency web sites to identify proposed rules all of the federal regulatory agencies that we examined also used their own web sites to [give out] information about their rulemaking plans and activities .

Recruitment and Retention of Minorities Data on retention and recruitment over the past decade is gathered and made available by national organizations ; these groups compile and disseminate information on successful diversity initiatives .
recruitment and retention of minorities data on retention and recruitment over the past decade is gathered and made available by national organizations ; these groups compile and [give out] information on successful diversity initiatives .

Attendees report that they were told not to disseminate the threat information they received at the meeting .
attendees report that they were told not to [give out] the threat information they received at the meeting .

It is worth noting that the Trust is not a novice in seeking better ways to disseminate research findings .
it is worth noting that the trust is not a novice in seeking better ways to [give out] research findings .

In the age of the computer networks , the best way to disseminate scientific writing is by making it freely accessible to all and letting everyone redistribute it .
in the age of the computer networks , the best way to [give out] scientific writing is by making it freely accessible to all and letting everyone redistribute it .

We also need to have further debate about whether it is ethical to continue to disseminate chemicals of unknown toxicity into children 's environments or to allow children to continually be exposed to prevalent toxins , like lead , despite considerable evidence that they are toxic [ 82 ] .
we also need to have further debate about whether it is ethical to continue to [give out] chemicals of unknown toxicity into children 's environments or to allow children to continually be exposed to prevalent toxins , like lead , despite considerable evidence that they are toxic [ 82 ] .

Metabolife says it will sue any reporter who tries to disseminate this information .
metabolife says it will sue any reporter who tries to [give out] this information .

Metabolife says it is n't really going to sue reporters who disseminate this information .
metabolife says it is n't really going to sue reporters who [give out] this information .

These chains , many of which have elegant flagship stores in nearby SoHo , do with clothes what Target and IKEA do with furniture and household objects -- they disseminate an affordable version of urban chic to the middle class .
these chains , many of which have elegant flagship stores in nearby soho , do with clothes what target and ikea do with furniture and household objects -- they [give out] an affordable version of urban chic to the middle class .

Still , I figured that you , as president and founder of the Cell Phone Haters Club , would want to be aware of this development so you can disseminate it ( how ?
still , i figured that you , as president and founder of the cell phone haters club , would want to be aware of this development so you can [give out] it ( how ?

It 's good that Carpoint users who might buy Fords as a result of Carpoint research are put on notice up front that there is some connection between the two , which brings us to that NYT bombshell last Saturday revealing that Microsoft paid for a California institute 's newspaper ads supporting the company 's position in its antitrust tussle with the government : If , as Microsoft insists , there was nothing wrong with helping to disseminate the institute 's ads , then why did n't the company simply announce the help at the time ?
it 's good that carpoint users who might buy fords as a result of carpoint research are put on notice up front that there is some connection between the two , which brings us to that nyt bombshell last saturday revealing that microsoft paid for a california institute 's newspaper ads supporting the company 's position in its antitrust tussle with the government : if , as microsoft insists , there was nothing wrong with helping to [give out] the institute 's ads , then why did n't the company simply announce the help at the time ?

The result has been an angry rejection of the research Blum reports and an attempt to disseminate a feel-good alternative in which boys and girls are identical and infinitely malleable .
the result has been an angry rejection of the research blum reports and an attempt to [give out] a feel-good alternative in which boys and girls are identical and infinitely malleable .

It was still illegal under various 19 th -century `` Comstock '' laws to disseminate information about birth control in many states .
it was still illegal under various 19 th -century `` comstock '' laws to [give out] information about birth control in many states .

Guided by pollster Harrison Hickman , NARAL used ads , candidate manuals , and other media to disseminate a new message : `` Who decides ? ''
guided by pollster harrison hickman , naral used ads , candidate manuals , and other media to [give out] a new message : `` who decides ? ''

Nor is there any liberal equivalent to the way various conservative outlets -- from the National Review to Novak 's syndicated column and Rush Limbaugh 's radio show -- all disseminate the same message du jour .
nor is there any liberal equivalent to the way various conservative outlets -- from the national review to novak 's syndicated column and rush limbaugh 's radio show -- all [give out] the same message du jour .

