Do you rigidly distinguish between job- and non-job-connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? ?
do you rigidly [differentiate] between job- and non-job-connected health problems and avoid treating the latter ? ?

Unfortunately , few of the artists ( writers , movie producers , dramatists and musicians ) who have used American folklore since 1900 have known enough to distinguish between the two streams even in the most general of ways .
unfortunately , few of the artists ( writers , movie producers , dramatists and musicians ) who have used american folklore since 1900 have known enough to [differentiate] between the two streams even in the most general of ways .

Fundamentally , both these types , the amateur and the collector , are uncritical and many of them don't distinguish well between real folklore and bogus material .
fundamentally , both these types , the amateur and the collector , are uncritical and many of them don't [differentiate] well between real folklore and bogus material .

She even devised a system of colors , whereby the boy could easily distinguish the different note values .
she even devised a system of colors , whereby the boy could easily [differentiate] the different note values .

On their decisive battlefield Lincoln did not distinguish between them when he paid tribute to the `` brave men , living and dead , who fought here '' .
on their decisive battlefield lincoln did not [differentiate] between them when he paid tribute to the `` brave men , living and dead , who fought here '' .

Accordingly , it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation ( which I shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation ) and a new theory of invention ( which I shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter ) .
accordingly , it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation ( which i shall call mimesis in order to [differentiate] it from earlier theories of imitation ) and a new theory of invention ( which i shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter ) .

moreover , it is increasingly difficult to distinguish between the two .
moreover , it is increasingly difficult to [differentiate] between the two .

Despite three warnings , no sense of moral urgency impelled him to distinguish his situation , and thus his responsibilities , from Wilson's .
despite three warnings , no sense of moral urgency impelled him to [differentiate] his situation , and thus his responsibilities , from wilson's .

Like Lincoln , he can distinguish his relation to God from the constitutional responsibilities a questionable decision exacts of him .
like lincoln , he can [differentiate] his relation to god from the constitutional responsibilities a questionable decision exacts of him .

Like Roosevelt , he can distinguish an attitude toward a Russian leader he may share with a host of Americans from the responsibilities diplomatic convention may impose upon him .
like roosevelt , he can [differentiate] an attitude toward a russian leader he may share with a host of americans from the responsibilities diplomatic convention may impose upon him .

This , however , cannot be done by a community whose very experience of truth is confused and incoherent : it has no absolute standard , and consequently cannot distinguish the absolute from the contingent .
this , however , cannot be done by a community whose very experience of truth is confused and incoherent : it has no absolute standard , and consequently cannot [differentiate] the absolute from the contingent .

Usually the work studied offers us a special or even an individualized rendering or treatment of the ideas in question , so that the student finds it necessary to distinguish carefully between the several expressions of an `` -ism '' or mode of thought .
usually the work studied offers us a special or even an individualized rendering or treatment of the ideas in question , so that the student finds it necessary to [differentiate] carefully between the several expressions of an `` -ism '' or mode of thought .

Beginning in Cloth Of The Tempest ( 1943 ) he experimented in merging poetry and visual art , using drawings to carry long narrative segments of a story , as in Sleepers Awake , and constructing elaborate `` poems-in-drawing-and-type '' in which it is impossible to distinguish between the `` art '' and the poetry .
beginning in cloth of the tempest ( 1943 ) he experimented in merging poetry and visual art , using drawings to carry long narrative segments of a story , as in sleepers awake , and constructing elaborate `` poems-in-drawing-and-type '' in which it is impossible to [differentiate] between the `` art '' and the poetry .

Before we comment further on these pathological conditions , we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits distinguish sleep from wakefulness .
before we comment further on these pathological conditions , we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits [differentiate] sleep from wakefulness .

Although no drugs act exclusively on the hypothalamus or a part of it , there is sufficient specificity to distinguish drugs which shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side from those which produce a parasympathetic dominance .
although no drugs act exclusively on the hypothalamus or a part of it , there is sufficient specificity to [differentiate] drugs which shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side from those which produce a parasympathetic dominance .

Mathematically , we shall not distinguish the experiment of three dice tossed once from that of one die tossed three times .
mathematically , we shall not [differentiate] the experiment of three dice tossed once from that of one die tossed three times .

For more explicit expositions , one must distinguish different types of analyses .
for more explicit expositions , one must [differentiate] different types of analyses .

But before turning to this example , we must distinguish two subtypes of analysis , both of which belong to the single-step type rather than to the double-step type .
but before turning to this example , we must [differentiate] two subtypes of analysis , both of which belong to the single-step type rather than to the double-step type .

Selective inhibitors can distinguish the two activities .
selective inhibitors can [differentiate] the two activities .

But they have n't got it quantified to such a point where they can actually distinguish a tonsillectomy which might have a lot of procedures but actually takes about half a minute with er other things that are , you know , much much more complicated and the cost of tonsillectomies is unreasonably high compared with erm , you know , with
but they have n't got it quantified to such a point where they can actually [differentiate] a tonsillectomy which might have a lot of procedures but actually takes about half a minute with er other things that are , you know , much much more complicated and the cost of tonsillectomies is unreasonably high compared with erm , you know , with

While it is still tough to distinguish trial balloons , downright disinformation and honest leaks , this much is clear : the burden is going to the taxpayer .
while it is still tough to [differentiate] trial balloons , downright disinformation and honest leaks , this much is clear : the burden is going to the taxpayer .

That Labour leader John Smith should try to take advantage of the current tide of moral unease in Britain is perfectly understandable , since his party 's policies generally are hard to distinguish from those of the Liberal Democrats and even of the Conservatives .
that labour leader john smith should try to take advantage of the current tide of moral unease in britain is perfectly understandable , since his party 's policies generally are hard to [differentiate] from those of the liberal democrats and even of the conservatives .

But we can distinguish between wanted and unwanted sexual attention , especially important in universities where futures are forged .
but we can [differentiate] between wanted and unwanted sexual attention , especially important in universities where futures are forged .

We call him ‘ gangling Chang ’ to distinguish him from the other Changs , because he is tall , thin , loose-limbed , and is ready to laugh about anything , although it appears he has some family problems in that his wife is away and his baby son is ill .
we call him ‘ gangling chang ’ to [differentiate] him from the other changs , because he is tall , thin , loose-limbed , and is ready to laugh about anything , although it appears he has some family problems in that his wife is away and his baby son is ill .

He could distinguish , when he emerged from the fringe of trees , the toothed edge of the curtain wall , its merlons jagged against the stars ; but between him and them , breaking the serpent-line that coiled round the entire rock , the dark shape of the church loomed .
he could [differentiate] , when he emerged from the fringe of trees , the toothed edge of the curtain wall , its merlons jagged against the stars ; but between him and them , breaking the serpent-line that coiled round the entire rock , the dark shape of the church loomed .

Harry went slowly and cautiously through the gully , feeling his way at every step until his eyes had accustomed themselves to the darkness , and could judge distances and distinguish the shapes of the weathered planes of rock that leaned over him .
harry went slowly and cautiously through the gully , feeling his way at every step until his eyes had accustomed themselves to the darkness , and could judge distances and [differentiate] the shapes of the weathered planes of rock that leaned over him .

Distinguish the benefits of matching and randomization in designed experiments .
[differentiate] the benefits of matching and randomization in designed experiments .

It is easy to distinguish between the two markets — the discount market has as one of its participants the Bank of England , participating in its capacity of ‘ lender of last resort ’ , an important function dealt with later in this chapter .
it is easy to [differentiate] between the two markets — the discount market has as one of its participants the bank of england , participating in its capacity of ‘ lender of last resort ’ , an important function dealt with later in this chapter .

Two main differences , besides the obvious ones of speed , scale and aspirations , distinguish the French strike waves from the Italian .
two main differences , besides the obvious ones of speed , scale and aspirations , [differentiate] the french strike waves from the italian .

Here we can distinguish two broad groups of countries .
here we can [differentiate] two broad groups of countries .

The above discussion does not distinguish between different primary products or markets .
the above discussion does not [differentiate] between different primary products or markets .

Now he fancied himself a connoisseur of the smell , able to distinguish between its elements .
now he fancied himself a connoisseur of the smell , able to [differentiate] between its elements .

No doubt an acute team of forensic scientists , skilled in the right disciplines , could distinguish between the mice and slugs of Belmodes and those of Mouncy Street and Rose Hilaire 's pad .
no doubt an acute team of forensic scientists , skilled in the right disciplines , could [differentiate] between the mice and slugs of belmodes and those of mouncy street and rose hilaire 's pad .

’ Sometimes it seemed as if Charley did not distinguish between a live body and a dead one .
’ sometimes it seemed as if charley did not [differentiate] between a live body and a dead one .

These herbs may be easy enough to distinguish for the sighted , but through the eyes of Frank Gardner , it would seem an impossible task .
these herbs may be easy enough to [differentiate] for the sighted , but through the eyes of frank gardner , it would seem an impossible task .

Women at the time did n't yet have the vote , and they made arguments about women being more dependent people , less able to fight for themselves , more in need of the protection of the state , which in some cases did not actually distinguish women from men in the same industries .
women at the time did n't yet have the vote , and they made arguments about women being more dependent people , less able to fight for themselves , more in need of the protection of the state , which in some cases did not actually [differentiate] women from men in the same industries .

distinguish where the king 's advisors are saying something ?
[differentiate] where the king 's advisors are saying something ?

How do teachers learn to distinguish between behaviour problems associated with learning difficulties and behaviour problems linked to a different set of disorders ?
how do teachers learn to [differentiate] between behaviour problems associated with learning difficulties and behaviour problems linked to a different set of disorders ?

In strong syllables it is comparatively easy to distinguish from , from , but in weak syllables the difference is not so clear .
in strong syllables it is comparatively easy to [differentiate] from , from , but in weak syllables the difference is not so clear .

We must distinguish between weak forms and contracted forms .
we must [differentiate] between weak forms and contracted forms .

Obviously , this simple system for tone transcription could be extended , if we wished , to cover a greater number of possibilities . For example , if it was important to distinguish between a high level and low level tone for English we could do it in this way :
obviously , this simple system for tone transcription could be extended , if we wished , to cover a greater number of possibilities . for example , if it was important to [differentiate] between a high level and low level tone for english we could do it in this way :

We will use a new symbol ( a vertical arrow ) to indicate extra pitch height , so that we can distinguish between : yes and yes Any of the tones presented in this chapter may be given extra pitch height , but since this course is based on normal , unemotional speech , it will not be necessary to use the symbol very frequently .
we will use a new symbol ( a vertical arrow ) to indicate extra pitch height , so that we can [differentiate] between : yes and yes any of the tones presented in this chapter may be given extra pitch height , but since this course is based on normal , unemotional speech , it will not be necessary to use the symbol very frequently .

It is not usually considered to be an important tone for foreign learners to acquire , though it is still useful practice to learn to distinguish it from other tones .
it is not usually considered to be an important tone for foreign learners to acquire , though it is still useful practice to learn to [differentiate] it from other tones .

Then to distinguish pure vowels from diphthongs we could have the feature pure ; , , , , , , , , , , , would be ( +pure ) and all the diphthongs would be ( -pure ) .
then to [differentiate] pure vowels from diphthongs we could have the feature pure ; , , , , , , , , , , , would be ( +pure ) and all the diphthongs would be ( -pure ) .

English , on the other hand , has to be able to distinguish dental from labiodental and alveolar places of articulation for to be distinct from and and for to be distinct from and ; this requires an additional feature that most languages do not need , and this could be seen as specific task for the learner of English .
english , on the other hand , has to be able to [differentiate] dental from labiodental and alveolar places of articulation for to be distinct from and and for to be distinct from and ; this requires an additional feature that most languages do not need , and this could be seen as specific task for the learner of english .

The best speech synthesisers are capable of producing speech of such high quality that only an expert can distinguish it from a recording of a human being 's speech ; less sophisticated synthesisers are becoming so cheap that they can now be bought for attaching to ordinary micro-computers .
the best speech synthesisers are capable of producing speech of such high quality that only an expert can [differentiate] it from a recording of a human being 's speech ; less sophisticated synthesisers are becoming so cheap that they can now be bought for attaching to ordinary micro-computers .

There had emerged a leader who taught his army to distinguish the real from the imaginary and the possible from the impossible . On the day when a choice had to be made between ruin and reason , Pétain received promotion
there had emerged a leader who taught his army to [differentiate] the real from the imaginary and the possible from the impossible . on the day when a choice had to be made between ruin and reason , pétain received promotion

Certainly Pétain 's love for the French soldier in 1916 seems to have been entirely naive and genuine , remarkably free ( whatever may have been written more recently ) of bogus popularity seeking ; in any case , soldiers the world over are phenomenally quick to distinguish the genuine from the phony .
certainly pétain 's love for the french soldier in 1916 seems to have been entirely naive and genuine , remarkably free ( whatever may have been written more recently ) of bogus popularity seeking ; in any case , soldiers the world over are phenomenally quick to [differentiate] the genuine from the phony .

Furthermore , it is sometimes useful to distinguish between consumption spending ( meaning the actual amount spent on new consumer goods in the current period ) and total consumption ( meaning the ‘ using up ’ of consumer goods — both those purchased in the current period and those purchased in past periods but which are still providing services to the household ) .
furthermore , it is sometimes useful to [differentiate] between consumption spending ( meaning the actual amount spent on new consumer goods in the current period ) and total consumption ( meaning the ‘ using up ’ of consumer goods — both those purchased in the current period and those purchased in past periods but which are still providing services to the household ) .

This is sometimes called the ‘ absolute income ’ hypothesis to distinguish it from other hypotheses of consumption : in particular , the ‘ relative ’ and ‘ permanent ’ income hypotheses .
this is sometimes called the ‘ absolute income ’ hypothesis to [differentiate] it from other hypotheses of consumption : in particular , the ‘ relative ’ and ‘ permanent ’ income hypotheses .

In a few months Michael Portillo is likely to announce initial plans to distinguish ‘ essential costs ’ and ‘ avoidable spending ’ in four departments — Health , Education , the Home Office , and Social Security — which account for £110 billion of public spending .
in a few months michael portillo is likely to announce initial plans to [differentiate] ‘ essential costs ’ and ‘ avoidable spending ’ in four departments — health , education , the home office , and social security — which account for £110 billion of public spending .

To understand why the law can not force a conviction in these circumstances , it is necessary to distinguish between two situations .
to understand why the law can not force a conviction in these circumstances , it is necessary to [differentiate] between two situations .

In order to develop personal selling skills it is useful to distinguish six phases of the selling process .
in order to develop personal selling skills it is useful to [differentiate] six phases of the selling process .

There are a number of characteristics in these types of market that distinguish them from consumer markets .
there are a number of characteristics in these types of market that [differentiate] them from consumer markets .

You do n't need ears like Eric Johnson to distinguish Guitarist from some other guitar magazines .
you do n't need ears like eric johnson to [differentiate] guitarist from some other guitar magazines .

At this stage the fry are totally helpless and they can be seen as a solid mass , quivering like a lump of jelly , and difficult to distinguish as fish at all .
at this stage the fry are totally helpless and they can be seen as a solid mass , quivering like a lump of jelly , and difficult to [differentiate] as fish at all .

The value to a company of an experienced press officer is being able to distinguish between journalists who are looking for free samples and those who are serious about their work .
the value to a company of an experienced press officer is being able to [differentiate] between journalists who are looking for free samples and those who are serious about their work .

One simpler , broad definition is to distinguish between bowl-shaped and fork-shaped hips .
one simpler , broad definition is to [differentiate] between bowl-shaped and fork-shaped hips .

Whenever attempts were made to distinguish between means and ends , he could point to the crimes committed in the name of religion on the grounds that the end justified the means .
whenever attempts were made to [differentiate] between means and ends , he could point to the crimes committed in the name of religion on the grounds that the end justified the means .

In fact , what might be said is , that the principles of identity and participation are so closely interrelated and intertwined in his thought that it is sometimes difficult to distinguish between them .
in fact , what might be said is , that the principles of identity and participation are so closely interrelated and intertwined in his thought that it is sometimes difficult to [differentiate] between them .

But by then the military phase of the Emergency was nearly over , and apart from the odd border patrol , the Masai were given no further opportunity to distinguish themselves in battle .
but by then the military phase of the emergency was nearly over , and apart from the odd border patrol , the masai were given no further opportunity to [differentiate] themselves in battle .

The frame of reference for all this ferment in the official mind remained the idea of the Commonwealth , which during the war received an impetus from the need to show the Americans , in words if not in deeds , that there would be room for a British empire in the brave new post-war world , and also from the genuine idealism stimulated in some British imperialists — as it had been stimulated in the previous war — by a desire to distinguish themselves from the Germans and their imperial ambitions .
the frame of reference for all this ferment in the official mind remained the idea of the commonwealth , which during the war received an impetus from the need to show the americans , in words if not in deeds , that there would be room for a british empire in the brave new post-war world , and also from the genuine idealism stimulated in some british imperialists — as it had been stimulated in the previous war — by a desire to [differentiate] themselves from the germans and their imperial ambitions .

It is the consonant sounds which make speech intelligible ; therefore it is not surprising that people who lose the high frequencies tend to hear the voice but not to be able to distinguish words .
it is the consonant sounds which make speech intelligible ; therefore it is not surprising that people who lose the high frequencies tend to hear the voice but not to be able to [differentiate] words .

Much of the recorded research seemed to be on the ability ( or non-ability ) to distinguish different sounds or single words through the tactile sense , mainly with deaf children in mind .
much of the recorded research seemed to be on the ability ( or non-ability ) to [differentiate] different sounds or single words through the tactile sense , mainly with deaf children in mind .

Some people find they can distinguish between the vibration pattern made by people talking , running water , a knock at the door , footsteps , music .
some people find they can [differentiate] between the vibration pattern made by people talking , running water , a knock at the door , footsteps , music .

Designs based on these principles are known as linear voltage regulators to distinguish them from the kind of regulator we are going to investigate in this article .
designs based on these principles are known as linear voltage regulators to [differentiate] them from the kind of regulator we are going to investigate in this article .

Current ideas of the structure of water visualize it as being composed of a random network of molecules linked together by hydrogen bonds ( Figure 7 ) , some of which are strained or even broken , but with a general structure not unlike that which is found in ordinary ice , also known as hexagonal ice to distinguish it from its variant form , cubic ice , which is formed at lower temperatures .
current ideas of the structure of water visualize it as being composed of a random network of molecules linked together by hydrogen bonds ( figure 7 ) , some of which are strained or even broken , but with a general structure not unlike that which is found in ordinary ice , also known as hexagonal ice to [differentiate] it from its variant form , cubic ice , which is formed at lower temperatures .

In order to distinguish one small brown fluttering thing from another , you 'll need to buy a decent field guide .
in order to [differentiate] one small brown fluttering thing from another , you 'll need to buy a decent field guide .

Another type of multi-way tree is often known as a trie ( from the word ‘ retrieval ’ , but pronounced as ‘ try ’ to distinguish it from ‘ tree ’ in speech ) and was first introduced by Fredkin ( Fredkin , 1960 ; Knuth , 1973 ) .
another type of multi-way tree is often known as a trie ( from the word ‘ retrieval ’ , but pronounced as ‘ try ’ to [differentiate] it from ‘ tree ’ in speech ) and was first introduced by fredkin ( fredkin , 1960 ; knuth , 1973 ) .

Mis-recognitions and errors of spelling are impossible to distinguish from each other , given the nature of the data output from the pattern recogniser , however they should be detected and corrected if possible .
mis-recognitions and errors of spelling are impossible to [differentiate] from each other , given the nature of the data output from the pattern recogniser , however they should be detected and corrected if possible .

There is a theoretical distinction between ( 1 ) a misspelling and ( 2 ) a mis-recognition , but the results from recognition will not enable us to distinguish between them , and indeed they can be treated similarly for attempted correction .
there is a theoretical distinction between ( 1 ) a misspelling and ( 2 ) a mis-recognition , but the results from recognition will not enable us to [differentiate] between them , and indeed they can be treated similarly for attempted correction .

The Charter For The 1990s report leaked last week recommends that Radio 1 should distinguish itself from commercial stations by implementing new discussion and documentary programmes , and ape up-market Radio 3 with regular pop music concerts .
the charter for the 1990s report leaked last week recommends that radio 1 should [differentiate] itself from commercial stations by implementing new discussion and documentary programmes , and ape up-market radio 3 with regular pop music concerts .

It is possible to distinguish two phases in the development of natural law , the earlier phase based on religion and the more recent secular phase .
it is possible to [differentiate] two phases in the development of natural law , the earlier phase based on religion and the more recent secular phase .

This does not however mean that one can clearly distinguish a concept of ‘ rule of law ’ in the legal system from ‘ rule of law ’ as part of the ideological system .
this does not however mean that one can clearly [differentiate] a concept of ‘ rule of law ’ in the legal system from ‘ rule of law ’ as part of the ideological system .

In this context we may distinguish ( i ) the impartiality which is part and parcel of making moral or legal-judgments on the basis of formulating universal rules permitting or prohibiting certain types of conduct as distinct from making decisions only about particular persons and particular occasions : the impartiality not just of universalisability but of rules which actually are to be universalised ; ( ii ) the impartiality of being a non-involved person which is particularly relevant to the position of the person who is applying legal or moral rules to particular circumstances and which is directly to do with the characteristics of the judge who according to this standard must have no personal interest in the outcome of the case , but which may also be relevant in the process of legislation since legislators may have particular and personal interests in the outcome of the legislation in question ; ( iii ) there is the idea of impartiality as a norm of moral and judicial reasoning which has to do with giving due consideration to all relevant factors , a practice which may further but is not guaranteed by impartiality of the first two types .
in this context we may [differentiate] ( i ) the impartiality which is part and parcel of making moral or legal-judgments on the basis of formulating universal rules permitting or prohibiting certain types of conduct as distinct from making decisions only about particular persons and particular occasions : the impartiality not just of universalisability but of rules which actually are to be universalised ; ( ii ) the impartiality of being a non-involved person which is particularly relevant to the position of the person who is applying legal or moral rules to particular circumstances and which is directly to do with the characteristics of the judge who according to this standard must have no personal interest in the outcome of the case , but which may also be relevant in the process of legislation since legislators may have particular and personal interests in the outcome of the legislation in question ; ( iii ) there is the idea of impartiality as a norm of moral and judicial reasoning which has to do with giving due consideration to all relevant factors , a practice which may further but is not guaranteed by impartiality of the first two types .

‘ Wait till you can distinguish their heartbeats on the sensor . ’
‘ wait till you can [differentiate] their heartbeats on the sensor . ’

So it is definitely possible to distinguish between faith , doubt and unbelief in theory ( to believe is to be in one mind , to disbelieve is to be in another and to doubt is to be in two minds ) .
so it is definitely possible to [differentiate] between faith , doubt and unbelief in theory ( to believe is to be in one mind , to disbelieve is to be in another and to doubt is to be in two minds ) .

Many of us might never be able to distinguish one variety of seed from another , but we have no trouble in telling an apple from a pear , or a cauliflower from a cabbage .
many of us might never be able to [differentiate] one variety of seed from another , but we have no trouble in telling an apple from a pear , or a cauliflower from a cabbage .

The second major message of the report was to try to distinguish between mobility and accessibility .
the second major message of the report was to try to [differentiate] between mobility and accessibility .

Instead of musical chairs play musical hats , and hats can distinguish the teams in games such as ‘ criss-cross quiz ’ [ p.44 ] .
instead of musical chairs play musical hats , and hats can [differentiate] the teams in games such as ‘ criss-cross quiz ’ [ p.44 ] .

Bailey 's chapter ( 4.2 ) ‘ The Challenge of Economic Utility ’ , which comes from his book Challenges of Liberal Education ( 1984 ) sets out to distinguish the liberal goals of understanding from the goals , which he describes as both indoctrinatory and utilitarian , of ‘ respect for industrial and commercial activity ’ , a view based on the goal of ‘ helping children properly to appreciate how the nation earns and maintains its standard of living and properly ( esteeming ) the essential role of industry and commerce in this process ’ .
bailey 's chapter ( 4.2 ) ‘ the challenge of economic utility ’ , which comes from his book challenges of liberal education ( 1984 ) sets out to [differentiate] the liberal goals of understanding from the goals , which he describes as both indoctrinatory and utilitarian , of ‘ respect for industrial and commercial activity ’ , a view based on the goal of ‘ helping children properly to appreciate how the nation earns and maintains its standard of living and properly ( esteeming ) the essential role of industry and commerce in this process ’ .

He points out that we need to distinguish between the contribution that research can make to policy and that which it can make to social work practice .
he points out that we need to [differentiate] between the contribution that research can make to policy and that which it can make to social work practice .

But , even if we are able to measure them , we then have the further problem of how we can distinguish their significance from the effects of normal maturation .
but , even if we are able to measure them , we then have the further problem of how we can [differentiate] their significance from the effects of normal maturation .

it is hard to distinguish the effects of much of what we do from other processes , such as the natural maturation of children
it is hard to [differentiate] the effects of much of what we do from other processes , such as the natural maturation of children

All of this should also help social workers to distinguish the important from the trivial .
all of this should also help social workers to [differentiate] the important from the trivial .

The problem is that the research does not allow us to distinguish the relative usefulness of the different interventions or their component parts .
the problem is that the research does not allow us to [differentiate] the relative usefulness of the different interventions or their component parts .

Other Nuln regiments also wear black , with a contrasting ribbon and plume colour to distinguish them .
other nuln regiments also wear black , with a contrasting ribbon and plume colour to [differentiate] them .

As is common amongst state regiments , different ribbons and plumes are used to distinguish the various regiments .
as is common amongst state regiments , different ribbons and plumes are used to [differentiate] the various regiments .

But even functional psychosis can vary in symptomatology and psychiatrists generally distinguish between two main forms .
but even functional psychosis can vary in symptomatology and psychiatrists generally [differentiate] between two main forms .

Even when used , with effort to avoid evaluative overtones and as a purely descriptive device , psychiatric classification leaves much to be desired ; for example in its inability to distinguish clearly between different varieties of psychosis or draw sharp boundaries between the manifestly and the marginally insane , points we shall have cause to enlarge upon later .
even when used , with effort to avoid evaluative overtones and as a purely descriptive device , psychiatric classification leaves much to be desired ; for example in its inability to [differentiate] clearly between different varieties of psychosis or draw sharp boundaries between the manifestly and the marginally insane , points we shall have cause to enlarge upon later .

We can appreciate one reason for this if we examine the question , not from the viewpoint of symptoms used to try to distinguish schizophrenia from affective psychosis , but by looking at the underlying psychological processes that are responsible for the two states .
we can appreciate one reason for this if we examine the question , not from the viewpoint of symptoms used to try to [differentiate] schizophrenia from affective psychosis , but by looking at the underlying psychological processes that are responsible for the two states .

Here ‘ autism ’ refers to the domination of consciousness by fantasy , by internally generated thoughts which the psychotic individual finds increasingly difficult to distinguish from ideas that originate in perceptions of external reality .
here ‘ autism ’ refers to the domination of consciousness by fantasy , by internally generated thoughts which the psychotic individual finds increasingly difficult to [differentiate] from ideas that originate in perceptions of external reality .

Special paving slabs , which make it easier for blind and partially-sighted pedestrians to distinguish the crossing have been introduced .
special paving slabs , which make it easier for blind and partially-sighted pedestrians to [differentiate] the crossing have been introduced .

Arber et al argue that some important issues have been clouded by a failure in the literature to distinguish between the two different types of household structure : old living with old , and younger living with old .
arber et al argue that some important issues have been clouded by a failure in the literature to [differentiate] between the two different types of household structure : old living with old , and younger living with old .

We need first to distinguish between objective requirements and subjective desires .
we need first to [differentiate] between objective requirements and subjective desires .

While they must have been closely linked , it would help if we could distinguish between the circulation of such goods and their deposition in graves , for it is the latter which is actually being studied .
while they must have been closely linked , it would help if we could [differentiate] between the circulation of such goods and their deposition in graves , for it is the latter which is actually being studied .

Many writers are unnecessarily pessimistic about the value of archaeology in the understanding of exchange systems in the absence of literary evidence ; Wood points out that ‘ distribution maps rarely make it possible to distinguish between trade , exchange and plunder ’ ( 1983 , p. 3 ) .
many writers are unnecessarily pessimistic about the value of archaeology in the understanding of exchange systems in the absence of literary evidence ; wood points out that ‘ distribution maps rarely make it possible to [differentiate] between trade , exchange and plunder ’ ( 1983 , p. 3 ) .

It should be noted that this grouping of sixth-century metalwork includes nearly all of the known examples , and only raises again the question of how similar items have to be for us to be able to distinguish the skills of one workshop as opposed to the learned traditions of a single society .
it should be noted that this grouping of sixth-century metalwork includes nearly all of the known examples , and only raises again the question of how similar items have to be for us to be able to [differentiate] the skills of one workshop as opposed to the learned traditions of a single society .

It was pitch black under the overhanging branches and it was n't until he reached the gate of Dobbs ' field that he was able , at last , to distinguish the shapes of the trees , and Dobbs and the wall by the churchyard .
it was pitch black under the overhanging branches and it was n't until he reached the gate of dobbs ' field that he was able , at last , to [differentiate] the shapes of the trees , and dobbs and the wall by the churchyard .

These are a powerful way of ‘ talking ’ with your subconscious , since it deals much more readily with symbols and images than with words , and does not distinguish between a ‘ real ’ experience and one which is vividly imagined .
these are a powerful way of ‘ talking ’ with your subconscious , since it deals much more readily with symbols and images than with words , and does not [differentiate] between a ‘ real ’ experience and one which is vividly imagined .

Be careful to distinguish what you want from what your family , friends or partner think you should want .
be careful to [differentiate] what you want from what your family , friends or partner think you should want .

The subconscious does not distinguish between desires and fears , between dreams and nightmares .
the subconscious does not [differentiate] between desires and fears , between dreams and nightmares .

Why then do we need two words , which help us to distinguish nationalism from ethnicity , though both are so closely identified today ? Because we are dealing with different , and indeed non-comparable , concepts .
why then do we need two words , which help us to [differentiate] nationalism from ethnicity , though both are so closely identified today ? because we are dealing with different , and indeed non-comparable , concepts .

Helps Bairns distinguish Right from Wrong .
helps bairns [differentiate] right from wrong .

Major can not distinguish between sound advice and sycophancy .
major can not [differentiate] between sound advice and sycophancy .

She could hear voices , but not loud enough to distinguish what was said .
she could hear voices , but not loud enough to [differentiate] what was said .

At that range it was impossible to distinguish details — but the royal standard should have been visible and was not .
at that range it was impossible to [differentiate] details — but the royal standard should have been visible and was not .

Swinging round there , on the step , he stared back into the throng ; but in that darkness and chaos it was impossible to distinguish individuals .
swinging round there , on the step , he stared back into the throng ; but in that darkness and chaos it was impossible to [differentiate] individuals .

Nevertheless it is possible to distinguish a number of broadly different approaches and we shall consider four .
nevertheless it is possible to [differentiate] a number of broadly different approaches and we shall consider four .

Prosperity , not poverty , is God 's intention for his world , though we must be careful to distinguish prosperity from luxury .
prosperity , not poverty , is god 's intention for his world , though we must be careful to [differentiate] prosperity from luxury .

She reformed the religious life of her time for both men and women , teaching them to distinguish between a good and an unhealthy spirituality .
she reformed the religious life of her time for both men and women , teaching them to [differentiate] between a good and an unhealthy spirituality .

In the last few years , nutritionists have begun to distinguish between two types of protein — animal and plant .
in the last few years , nutritionists have begun to [differentiate] between two types of protein — animal and plant .

When both worked , it was down to the skills of the two drivers and there seemed very little to distinguish them .
when both worked , it was down to the skills of the two drivers and there seemed very little to [differentiate] them .

But otherwise — if both cars were given equal care — what could distinguish them ?
but otherwise — if both cars were given equal care — what could [differentiate] them ?

Can distinguish between the average lifespan of an angel fish in captivity in the northern and southern hemispheres .
can [differentiate] between the average lifespan of an angel fish in captivity in the northern and southern hemispheres .

Richard Harris has had his fair share of feuds with Hollywood actors , although it is n't always easy to distinguish exactly who is the heavy in his conflicts .
richard harris has had his fair share of feuds with hollywood actors , although it is n't always easy to [differentiate] exactly who is the heavy in his conflicts .

It would be nice if you could leave the fax modem in Auto-answer mode and it could distinguish between a fax machine or another modem that was calling it , and act appropriately .
it would be nice if you could leave the fax modem in auto-answer mode and it could [differentiate] between a fax machine or another modem that was calling it , and act appropriately .

As the returns normally distinguish them the wealth of the gentry can be surveyed more generally , as shown in Table 1.3 .
as the returns normally [differentiate] them the wealth of the gentry can be surveyed more generally , as shown in table 1.3 .

So most certificates distinguish only the clergy , as was required , and the gentry were bound to be noticed as landowners and the lords of many other men .
so most certificates [differentiate] only the clergy , as was required , and the gentry were bound to be noticed as landowners and the lords of many other men .

Save for the obvious case of a handful of Staplers , the returns do not distinguish merchants .
save for the obvious case of a handful of staplers , the returns do not [differentiate] merchants .

Not wishing to propose History as a transcendent law outside the human , Sartre was careful to distinguish his claims from Engels ' validation of the dialectic as the law of nature .
not wishing to propose history as a transcendent law outside the human , sartre was careful to [differentiate] his claims from engels ' validation of the dialectic as the law of nature .

Bachelard 's work on the formation of scientific disciplines led him to argue that the proper form of historical analysis should focus not upon an empirical history but upon the cognitive or epistemological status of concepts that distinguish a new science from an old one .
bachelard 's work on the formation of scientific disciplines led him to argue that the proper form of historical analysis should focus not upon an empirical history but upon the cognitive or epistemological status of concepts that [differentiate] a new science from an old one .

Forest Goblin shamans are prone to run off dizzily , or just blunder about , unable to distinguish fact from venom-induced fiction .
forest goblin shamans are prone to run off dizzily , or just blunder about , unable to [differentiate] fact from venom-induced fiction .

As conventional psychological studies of lesbians become more tolerant , and egalitarian-feminist psychological studies of these subjects become more psychological , it is increasingly difficult to distinguish between the two .
as conventional psychological studies of lesbians become more tolerant , and egalitarian-feminist psychological studies of these subjects become more psychological , it is increasingly difficult to [differentiate] between the two .

Feminist methods frequently situate themselves socially and historically in ways which distinguish the concept of the subject they work with from the one which underpins qualitative psychological methods , and which give these methods a different significance .
feminist methods frequently situate themselves socially and historically in ways which [differentiate] the concept of the subject they work with from the one which underpins qualitative psychological methods , and which give these methods a different significance .

When grouped together with others , the climbing sports are correctly prefixed by the word ‘ climbing ’ to distinguish the subject from the bush type , for example ‘ Shot Silk ’ and ‘ Climbing Shot Silk ’ , or sometimes less noticeably by the word abbreviated to ‘ Clg ’ after the name , for example ‘ Shot Silk Clg ’ .
when grouped together with others , the climbing sports are correctly prefixed by the word ‘ climbing ’ to [differentiate] the subject from the bush type , for example ‘ shot silk ’ and ‘ climbing shot silk ’ , or sometimes less noticeably by the word abbreviated to ‘ clg ’ after the name , for example ‘ shot silk clg ’ .

You can distinguish this leaf-roller from the sawfly by the extent and nature of the curling .
you can [differentiate] this leaf-roller from the sawfly by the extent and nature of the curling .

It is not easy to distinguish between iron shortage as such and shortage induced by lime ( chlorosis ) , and therefore the remedial action needed .
it is not easy to [differentiate] between iron shortage as such and shortage induced by lime ( chlorosis ) , and therefore the remedial action needed .

It is therefore conceptually useful to distinguish between what the mass media tell us to think about — this is signalled by the events they cover — and what specific attitudes or opinions we have to adopt towards those events , though clearly these distinctions may be difficult to uphold in practice .
it is therefore conceptually useful to [differentiate] between what the mass media tell us to think about — this is signalled by the events they cover — and what specific attitudes or opinions we have to adopt towards those events , though clearly these distinctions may be difficult to uphold in practice .

Yet there is no cultural measure which allows one to distinguish between these types of programmes ; similar criticisms can be levelled against both Minder and Dallas and this makes it difficult to accept Kumar 's position in its entirety .
yet there is no cultural measure which allows one to [differentiate] between these types of programmes ; similar criticisms can be levelled against both minder and dallas and this makes it difficult to accept kumar 's position in its entirety .

One might , however , still argue that this work , and novels like it , merely ape social science conventions : that , whereas sociologists actually have research designs , cite data and distinguish between warranted and more tentative conclusions , novels are simply works of fiction , mere simulacra of the real thing .
one might , however , still argue that this work , and novels like it , merely ape social science conventions : that , whereas sociologists actually have research designs , cite data and [differentiate] between warranted and more tentative conclusions , novels are simply works of fiction , mere simulacra of the real thing .

This deviant case analysis , while yielding important insights , can not be regarded as providing all the variables needed to explain firm by firm variations , as more research is necessary to construct a more refined typology , in particular one which could distinguish between the different types of professional integration here revealed , i.e. attitudinal , dependence on court , and dependence on the good opinion of high status practitioners .
this deviant case analysis , while yielding important insights , can not be regarded as providing all the variables needed to explain firm by firm variations , as more research is necessary to construct a more refined typology , in particular one which could [differentiate] between the different types of professional integration here revealed , i.e. attitudinal , dependence on court , and dependence on the good opinion of high status practitioners .

Thus it becomes clearer why the Law Society is anxious to distinguish between professional services and business , to promote so vigorously an altruistic conception of the lawyer/client relationship .
thus it becomes clearer why the law society is anxious to [differentiate] between professional services and business , to promote so vigorously an altruistic conception of the lawyer/client relationship .

Studies like those described by Dean ( 1982 ) , in which he attempted to distinguish between deficits in visual memory and visual object categorization following damage to part of the visual association cortex in rhesus monkeys , would have been unthinkable forty years ago .
studies like those described by dean ( 1982 ) , in which he attempted to [differentiate] between deficits in visual memory and visual object categorization following damage to part of the visual association cortex in rhesus monkeys , would have been unthinkable forty years ago .

Indeed , it is extremely difficult to distinguish between the primary visual cortex and surrounding areas in this species .
indeed , it is extremely difficult to [differentiate] between the primary visual cortex and surrounding areas in this species .

In other words , how do you distinguish between those changes in neural activity that reflect the coding of information in the brain and those that are merely signs of activity with no functional significance ?
in other words , how do you [differentiate] between those changes in neural activity that reflect the coding of information in the brain and those that are merely signs of activity with no functional significance ?

They wilt readily learn to distinguish light from dark and there is some evidence that they can also distinguish patterns and colours , although it must be said that this capacity is extremely limited compared with the normal capacities of the animals concerned ( Pasik and Pasik 1982 ) .
they wilt readily learn to [differentiate] light from dark and there is some evidence that they can also [differentiate] patterns and colours , although it must be said that this capacity is extremely limited compared with the normal capacities of the animals concerned ( pasik and pasik 1982 ) .

Yet we can still distinguish a ‘ European ’ history with themes of its own in these years .
yet we can still [differentiate] a ‘ european ’ history with themes of its own in these years .

The Europe-centredness of civilization was easier to distinguish then than it is today , but Europe 's relations with the rest of the world were already complicated .
the europe-centredness of civilization was easier to [differentiate] then than it is today , but europe 's relations with the rest of the world were already complicated .

It is useful , tentatively , to distinguish two elements in Quine 's thinking here : his commitment to naturalism and rejection of the need for epistemology to exercise ‘ scruples about circularity ’ ; and his list of acceptable sciences , which excludes all of the social and human sciences , cognitive psychology , etc .
it is useful , tentatively , to [differentiate] two elements in quine 's thinking here : his commitment to naturalism and rejection of the need for epistemology to exercise ‘ scruples about circularity ’ ; and his list of acceptable sciences , which excludes all of the social and human sciences , cognitive psychology , etc .

Of course , if an animal could distinguish close relatives from distant ones , then selection would favour a gene causing altruistic acts to be directed preferentially towards the former .
of course , if an animal could [differentiate] close relatives from distant ones , then selection would favour a gene causing altruistic acts to be directed preferentially towards the former .

To summarise on the prisoner 's dilemma , we must distinguish between sessile and mobile animals .
to summarise on the prisoner 's dilemma , we must [differentiate] between sessile and mobile animals .

Nevertheless , the complexity imparted by the faithful physicalist version should not blind us to the features that distinguish the causal processes in the bees ' brains or whatever from those involved in the swelling after the swipe .
nevertheless , the complexity imparted by the faithful physicalist version should not blind us to the features that [differentiate] the causal processes in the bees ' brains or whatever from those involved in the swelling after the swipe .

How is it possible for a creature to perceive apparent movement , or to distinguish visually between replacement , motion , and change ?
how is it possible for a creature to perceive apparent movement , or to [differentiate] visually between replacement , motion , and change ?

To gain a richer understanding of the problem of holism we must therefore distinguish it from the problem of determinism .
to gain a richer understanding of the problem of holism we must therefore [differentiate] it from the problem of determinism .

But not all behaviour can be explicable in this fashion , because if it were , we should be unable to distinguish the neurotic from the normal .
but not all behaviour can be explicable in this fashion , because if it were , we should be unable to [differentiate] the neurotic from the normal .

To make sense of it one would first of all have to distinguish between , and learn to identify , the various kinds of structural constraints which form individuals and social groups into the ‘ supports ’ of the complex whole .
to make sense of it one would first of all have to [differentiate] between , and learn to identify , the various kinds of structural constraints which form individuals and social groups into the ‘ supports ’ of the complex whole .

Braudel 's categories are based on the idea that it is possible to distinguish various historical ‘ times ’ .
braudel 's categories are based on the idea that it is possible to [differentiate] various historical ‘ times ’ .

It included also the description of those specialized features of morphology and physiology that distinguish species and might ( often by more or less inspired guesswork ) be said to account for the differences in their distribution .
it included also the description of those specialized features of morphology and physiology that [differentiate] species and might ( often by more or less inspired guesswork ) be said to account for the differences in their distribution .

Epigenetic rules have been demonstrated in virtually every category of cognition and behaviour investigated in such a way as to distinguish choices among stimuli .
epigenetic rules have been demonstrated in virtually every category of cognition and behaviour investigated in such a way as to [differentiate] choices among stimuli .

This is a central example of the problem , but it is not the only example even with respect to norms , and it will be helpful to distinguish various things that fall under the general heading of a ‘ norm ’ .
this is a central example of the problem , but it is not the only example even with respect to norms , and it will be helpful to [differentiate] various things that fall under the general heading of a ‘ norm ’ .

That pocket of life was plainly still some distance away , yet it was apparent to Jaq that the instrument was attempting to distinguish more than the single sharp blip that would represent Carnelian alone .
that pocket of life was plainly still some distance away , yet it was apparent to jaq that the instrument was attempting to [differentiate] more than the single sharp blip that would represent carnelian alone .

She began by being trained , using rewards to reinforce correct responses , to distinguish ‘ Sarah apple cut ’ from ‘ Sarah apple wash ’ and to act appropriately .
she began by being trained , using rewards to reinforce correct responses , to [differentiate] ‘ sarah apple cut ’ from ‘ sarah apple wash ’ and to act appropriately .

The fruit or ‘ hips ’ , help to distinguish species and are ripe now .
the fruit or ‘ hips ’ , help to [differentiate] species and are ripe now .

One of the traditional characteristics of Scottish education lies in its refusal to distinguish theory and practice .
one of the traditional characteristics of scottish education lies in its refusal to [differentiate] theory and practice .

Use the check card to help you distinguish between pattern and background rows .
use the check card to help you [differentiate] between pattern and background rows .

This will help teachers and therapists to distinguish between problems of language development , on the one hand , and social and educational problems on the other .
this will help teachers and therapists to [differentiate] between problems of language development , on the one hand , and social and educational problems on the other .

Once again , it may be helpful to distinguish between objective evidence obtained from an assessment and the conclusions which are drawn from this .
once again , it may be helpful to [differentiate] between objective evidence obtained from an assessment and the conclusions which are drawn from this .

If the scores are spread so that a relatively large proportion of the sample attained a score of 40 , then scoring 40 does not distinguish the child as having any particular difficulties .
if the scores are spread so that a relatively large proportion of the sample attained a score of 40 , then scoring 40 does not [differentiate] the child as having any particular difficulties .

The Mertonian project was intended to distinguish the social processes that generated scientific knowledge from those that distributed information with bias and distortion .
the mertonian project was intended to [differentiate] the social processes that generated scientific knowledge from those that distributed information with bias and distortion .

Stark however was keen to distinguish knowledge from ideology and in this he differentiated himself from Mannheim 's position which he regarded as too dominated by Marxism ( Stark 1958 : 104 ) .
stark however was keen to [differentiate] knowledge from ideology and in this he differentiated himself from mannheim 's position which he regarded as too dominated by marxism ( stark 1958 : 104 ) .

Frisby ( 1983 ) and Jay ( 1974 ) have described the Marxist reception to the publication of Ideologie und Utopie in German , which sought to distinguish Mannheim 's project from the theory of ideology . More recently however , Abercrombie has suggested that the theory of ideology could fill a lack in the sociology of knowledge by linking ideology/knowledge with the social process rather than merely with classes or social groups :
frisby ( 1983 ) and jay ( 1974 ) have described the marxist reception to the publication of ideologie und utopie in german , which sought to [differentiate] mannheim 's project from the theory of ideology . more recently however , abercrombie has suggested that the theory of ideology could fill a lack in the sociology of knowledge by linking ideology/knowledge with the social process rather than merely with classes or social groups :

distinguish , recognize ) and there was one sphere that was common to all :
[differentiate] , recognize ) and there was one sphere that was common to all :

This is in contrast to the sociology of knowledge which was designed to be non-evaluative and not to distinguish between false and true knowledge .
this is in contrast to the sociology of knowledge which was designed to be non-evaluative and not to [differentiate] between false and true knowledge .

This analysis provides the basis for being able to recognize ‘ true ’ consciousness and distinguish ‘ false ’ consciousness .
this analysis provides the basis for being able to recognize ‘ true ’ consciousness and [differentiate] ‘ false ’ consciousness .

It may be accepted that Althusser is describing science by its theoretical practice , its ‘ labour of theoretical transformation ’ , but this is not adequate to distinguish it from ideology as a practice .
it may be accepted that althusser is describing science by its theoretical practice , its ‘ labour of theoretical transformation ’ , but this is not adequate to [differentiate] it from ideology as a practice .

Linguistic analysis may distinguish cases where meaning is not effectively conveyed but it remains unconcerned with what is meant by an utterance ; structural linguistics is not an interpretive study .
linguistic analysis may [differentiate] cases where meaning is not effectively conveyed but it remains unconcerned with what is meant by an utterance ; structural linguistics is not an interpretive study .

Their actions distinguish them from one another .
their actions [differentiate] them from one another .

When you consider what makes you laugh , try to distinguish between the humour that opens things up , that enables you to confront painful areas and makes you feel stronger , and the humour that operates at the level of the stock response , works on your fear , keeps your defences up and makes you feel weaker .
when you consider what makes you laugh , try to [differentiate] between the humour that opens things up , that enables you to confront painful areas and makes you feel stronger , and the humour that operates at the level of the stock response , works on your fear , keeps your defences up and makes you feel weaker .

How do you distinguish between Brochis and Corydoras catfish ?
how do you [differentiate] between brochis and corydoras catfish ?

Because Hexamita parasites are present naturally in many healthy fish , it is important to distinguish just what level of parasites , if found , constitutes a real problem .
because hexamita parasites are present naturally in many healthy fish , it is important to [differentiate] just what level of parasites , if found , constitutes a real problem .

The semantic net does not have a particular linear version burnt into it and must distinguish different history subsections by giving them distinct names .
the semantic net does not have a particular linear version burnt into it and must [differentiate] different history subsections by giving them distinct names .

Let us suppose that binary oppositions are natural in the sound system of a language , that because of the physical properties of our auditory apparatus it is easier for us to distinguish x/not-x-type contrasts .
let us suppose that binary oppositions are natural in the sound system of a language , that because of the physical properties of our auditory apparatus it is easier for us to [differentiate] x/not-x-type contrasts .

In my opinion , Dale Spender here has made an error : the error of failing to distinguish between a bias in the language and a bias in the analytic system used by linguists .
in my opinion , dale spender here has made an error : the error of failing to [differentiate] between a bias in the language and a bias in the analytic system used by linguists .

Vulnerable old person This term will be used to distinguish the small number of very frail old people from the majority of competent independent elderly people over 65 .
vulnerable old person this term will be used to [differentiate] the small number of very frail old people from the majority of competent independent elderly people over 65 .

Despite this ambiguity , the term ‘ client ’ is used in this book to distinguish those who are about to be , or already are in a relationship with the agency through the attention of a social worker .
despite this ambiguity , the term ‘ client ’ is used in this book to [differentiate] those who are about to be , or already are in a relationship with the agency through the attention of a social worker .

Alcohol abuse can present as mental infirmity , with times of poor memory , incontinence , depression and shakiness , so it is particularly important to distinguish between these two conditions if possible ( Goodman and Ward , 1988 ) .
alcohol abuse can present as mental infirmity , with times of poor memory , incontinence , depression and shakiness , so it is particularly important to [differentiate] between these two conditions if possible ( goodman and ward , 1988 ) .

This may or may not be accompanied by feelings of affection ; the analysis by Graham ( 1983 ) that ‘ Feeling concern and taking charge have both psychological and material connotations ’ has helped to distinguish these two elements .
this may or may not be accompanied by feelings of affection ; the analysis by graham ( 1983 ) that ‘ feeling concern and taking charge have both psychological and material connotations ’ has helped to [differentiate] these two elements .

initially the embryo of any other mammal ( such as a cat ) is hard to distinguish from that of a human being , and only later do the necessary differences appear — this would seem to reflect the processes involved in divergent evolution Haeckel 's ideas are today generally discarded as a nonsense , but this is unfair and possibly misguided .
initially the embryo of any other mammal ( such as a cat ) is hard to [differentiate] from that of a human being , and only later do the necessary differences appear — this would seem to reflect the processes involved in divergent evolution haeckel 's ideas are today generally discarded as a nonsense , but this is unfair and possibly misguided .

Gold paint never gives a satisfactory finish , as it rarely matches the beautiful patina of old gilding , which in turn helps to distinguish the genuine article from a reproduction .
gold paint never gives a satisfactory finish , as it rarely matches the beautiful patina of old gilding , which in turn helps to [differentiate] the genuine article from a reproduction .

Collective security , which had been understood as an alternative to the diplomacy discredited by the catastrophe of 1914 , became increasingly difficult to distinguish from the traditional pursuit of a balance of power in Europe .
collective security , which had been understood as an alternative to the diplomacy discredited by the catastrophe of 1914 , became increasingly difficult to [differentiate] from the traditional pursuit of a balance of power in europe .

This sort of experiment shows however that with materials of this character one can not really distinguish between practical strength and brittleness so that the introduction of weak internal surfaces can be regarded as raising the strength .
this sort of experiment shows however that with materials of this character one can not really [differentiate] between practical strength and brittleness so that the introduction of weak internal surfaces can be regarded as raising the strength .

‘ Some people reckon they could n't distinguish between the mascots and the players before kick-off , and that 's a tribute to the youngsters who took care of Liverpool .
‘ some people reckon they could n't [differentiate] between the mascots and the players before kick-off , and that 's a tribute to the youngsters who took care of liverpool .

At the moment , the law does not distinguish between different classes of director .
at the moment , the law does not [differentiate] between different classes of director .

One of the strongest selling points of factoring is its simplicity : it provides cash in advance against invoices . But how can the competing factors in the industry then distinguish the service they provide from that of their competitors ?
one of the strongest selling points of factoring is its simplicity : it provides cash in advance against invoices . but how can the competing factors in the industry then [differentiate] the service they provide from that of their competitors ?

The specialist invoice discounters have increasingly sought to distinguish their activities from those of the factors , despite the basic similarity of the service they provide .
the specialist invoice discounters have increasingly sought to [differentiate] their activities from those of the factors , despite the basic similarity of the service they provide .

To distinguish the snakes , the term Rainbow Serpent is applied , due to the widespread belief among Aborigines that they are capable of assuming the form of the rainbow when they desire to do so .
to [differentiate] the snakes , the term rainbow serpent is applied , due to the widespread belief among aborigines that they are capable of assuming the form of the rainbow when they desire to do so .

The ‘ intellect ’ is seen as a function for the direct apprehension of images — to illumine the products of sensory and mental activity , to distinguish , and this is aligned to the thought processes which offer seemingly fragmented views of reality , being centred on objectivity .
the ‘ intellect ’ is seen as a function for the direct apprehension of images — to illumine the products of sensory and mental activity , to [differentiate] , and this is aligned to the thought processes which offer seemingly fragmented views of reality , being centred on objectivity .

We may notice too that since pleasures tend to fade unless varied at every recurrence it is difficult to distinguish in practice between the man who lives for pleasure and the man who lives for new experiences .
we may notice too that since pleasures tend to fade unless varied at every recurrence it is difficult to [differentiate] in practice between the man who lives for pleasure and the man who lives for new experiences .

This is not to deny that it is an intelligent reaction , and that the sense of when to trust the analogy between present and former situations is in some individuals very intelligent indeed , but there is nothing in that to distinguish it from the other insights and hunches by which we instantaneously synthesize similarities and differences too fine and complex to be analysed before a change in the situation obliterates them .
this is not to deny that it is an intelligent reaction , and that the sense of when to trust the analogy between present and former situations is in some individuals very intelligent indeed , but there is nothing in that to [differentiate] it from the other insights and hunches by which we instantaneously synthesize similarities and differences too fine and complex to be analysed before a change in the situation obliterates them .

He discards the assumption to which most of us still cling ( if only because the ground seems to melt under our feet if we think otherwise ) that we can clearly distinguish the literal and metaphorical uses of a word , fix the literal by definition , and leave the metaphorical to the poets .
he discards the assumption to which most of us still cling ( if only because the ground seems to melt under our feet if we think otherwise ) that we can clearly [differentiate] the literal and metaphorical uses of a word , fix the literal by definition , and leave the metaphorical to the poets .

We distinguish between the independent financial entity and the competitive units it owns .
we [differentiate] between the independent financial entity and the competitive units it owns .

Since so many of their coastal farms have now disappeared beneath a raft of asphalt and concrete , we have tended to forget the minor variations in the landscape which so influenced the earlier farmers ; even in the ‘ rural ’ Weald modern urban man finds it hard to distinguish the overlay of later centuries from Saxon patterns .
since so many of their coastal farms have now disappeared beneath a raft of asphalt and concrete , we have tended to forget the minor variations in the landscape which so influenced the earlier farmers ; even in the ‘ rural ’ weald modern urban man finds it hard to [differentiate] the overlay of later centuries from saxon patterns .

One way of proceeding would be to distinguish different senses of the term authenticity .
one way of proceeding would be to [differentiate] different senses of the term authenticity .

We have the same process here , but now we can not distinguish between the participant roles of hunter and lion .
we have the same process here , but now we can not [differentiate] between the participant roles of hunter and lion .

Now so long as one is careful in the selection of lexical realization , then it is possible to distinguish the different meanings supposedly signalled by the verb form .
now so long as one is careful in the selection of lexical realization , then it is possible to [differentiate] the different meanings supposedly signalled by the verb form .

Although it is common practice to distinguish what Henry Sweet called ‘ form-words ’ as distinct from ‘ full words ’ and to locate the former in grammar rather than lexis , it has to be noted that these ‘ form-words ’ have emerged over time from full-blown lexical sources , and for the most part still have recognizable kin which show clear signs of the relationship .
although it is common practice to [differentiate] what henry sweet called ‘ form-words ’ as distinct from ‘ full words ’ and to locate the former in grammar rather than lexis , it has to be noted that these ‘ form-words ’ have emerged over time from full-blown lexical sources , and for the most part still have recognizable kin which show clear signs of the relationship .

Now , one can distinguish two kinds of schematic knowledge .
now , one can [differentiate] two kinds of schematic knowledge .

Hill 's ( 1970 ) classic American study of transfers between three generations shows that people do distinguish clearly between gifts and loans in principle , but less clearly in practice .
hill 's ( 1970 ) classic american study of transfers between three generations shows that people do [differentiate] clearly between gifts and loans in principle , but less clearly in practice .

This study further shows that one can distinguish clearly between the kind of ‘ very close relationship ’ which will provide emotional support in times of crisis , and closeness in other senses .
this study further shows that one can [differentiate] clearly between the kind of ‘ very close relationship ’ which will provide emotional support in times of crisis , and closeness in other senses .

The terms used by the middle-class Londoners studied by Firth and his colleagues were ‘ family ’ for the inner circle and ‘ relatives ’ for the outer , or sometimes ‘ immediate family ’ , to distinguish their intimate kin ( p. 156 ) .
the terms used by the middle-class londoners studied by firth and his colleagues were ‘ family ’ for the inner circle and ‘ relatives ’ for the outer , or sometimes ‘ immediate family ’ , to [differentiate] their intimate kin ( p. 156 ) .

Indeed it is an important priority to generate new data which make ethnicity visible , because on the basis of existing evidence it is difficult to distinguish whether the different patterns of support which we can see in minority ethnic kin groups are likely to persist as patterns of settlement stabilize .
indeed it is an important priority to generate new data which make ethnicity visible , because on the basis of existing evidence it is difficult to [differentiate] whether the different patterns of support which we can see in minority ethnic kin groups are likely to persist as patterns of settlement stabilize .

Nucleotide positions of parthenogenesis and incompatibility bacteria are shown that distinguish the two sequence subgroups .
nucleotide positions of parthenogenesis and incompatibility bacteria are shown that [differentiate] the two sequence subgroups .

Both lack pongine characters , retaining the primitive condition for the characters that distinguish the pongine clade .
both lack pongine characters , retaining the primitive condition for the characters that [differentiate] the pongine clade .

Derived cranial characters that distinguish ornithischians , sauropodomorphs , and theropods , however , are absent .
derived cranial characters that [differentiate] ornithischians , sauropodomorphs , and theropods , however , are absent .

Similar to the skull , the skeleton lacks many derived characters that distinguish later dinosaurs .
similar to the skull , the skeleton lacks many derived characters that [differentiate] later dinosaurs .

distinguish between the Tunguska terminal explosion and energy released by ablation and deceleration during atmospheric entry , with the explosion representing just the last 1 % of the bolide 's energy .
[differentiate] between the tunguska terminal explosion and energy released by ablation and deceleration during atmospheric entry , with the explosion representing just the last 1 % of the bolide 's energy .

Such measurements distinguish temporal events from spatial structure , but suffer from lower resolution .
such measurements [differentiate] temporal events from spatial structure , but suffer from lower resolution .

An unexplored way to distinguish these competing models may be to switch from examining the contemporary costs of male traits and the benefits of female preferences for them , and to consider instead the costliness of traits during the initial stages of their evolution .
an unexplored way to [differentiate] these competing models may be to switch from examining the contemporary costs of male traits and the benefits of female preferences for them , and to consider instead the costliness of traits during the initial stages of their evolution .

We confine the term ‘ ageing ’ or ‘ senescence ’ solely to the drop in survival probability and/or fertility later in the life of individuals , to distinguish it from other changes during the life history , such as early development or the onset of reproduction .
we confine the term ‘ ageing ’ or ‘ senescence ’ solely to the drop in survival probability and/or fertility later in the life of individuals , to [differentiate] it from other changes during the life history , such as early development or the onset of reproduction .

We must distinguish between predictions that are common to all evolutionary theories , and those that can distinguish between optimality and mutation-accumulation .
we must [differentiate] between predictions that are common to all evolutionary theories , and those that can [differentiate] between optimality and mutation-accumulation .

From Cardinal Suenens , Pope John had learned to distinguish between the Church ad intra and the Church ad extra .
from cardinal suenens , pope john had learned to [differentiate] between the church ad intra and the church ad extra .

Applying these five criteria to the documents it is possible to distinguish reasonably enough between three types of significance which can best be considered separately .
applying these five criteria to the documents it is possible to [differentiate] reasonably enough between three types of significance which can best be considered separately .

It is important , however , to distinguish his use of the conception of human freedom .
it is important , however , to [differentiate] his use of the conception of human freedom .

For Beccaria 's conception of punishing purely in proportion to harm done failed to distinguish between ‘ crimes ’ committed intentionally , under duress or provocation , or even by accident .
for beccaria 's conception of punishing purely in proportion to harm done failed to [differentiate] between ‘ crimes ’ committed intentionally , under duress or provocation , or even by accident .

Humans could no longer be allowed any such privileged , mystical feature as free will to distinguish them .
humans could no longer be allowed any such privileged , mystical feature as free will to [differentiate] them .

In textbooks on criminology it has often been used to distinguish the specific school of thought of the original founding fathers of criminology : Lombroso , Garofalo and Ferri .
in textbooks on criminology it has often been used to [differentiate] the specific school of thought of the original founding fathers of criminology : lombroso , garofalo and ferri .

In order to clarify the two uses of ‘ positivist criminology ’ , it might be helpful to use the term ‘ biological positivist ’ to distinguish the founding fathers from the more general category .
in order to clarify the two uses of ‘ positivist criminology ’ , it might be helpful to use the term ‘ biological positivist ’ to [differentiate] the founding fathers from the more general category .

Having outlined the key features that have been used to distinguish positivist criminology , in its wider sense , it remains to consider the manner in which they have actually been manifested in the different causal theories that have been proposed .
having outlined the key features that have been used to [differentiate] positivist criminology , in its wider sense , it remains to consider the manner in which they have actually been manifested in the different causal theories that have been proposed .

Usually , the supposed relationship between inheritance and crime has been inferred from experimental methods designed to distinguish between the effects of heredity and environment .
usually , the supposed relationship between inheritance and crime has been inferred from experimental methods designed to [differentiate] between the effects of heredity and environment .

The most famous of criminology 's learning theories , differential association , highlights some problems that result from this uneasy relationship between external and internal factors that have been used to distinguish learning from invention .
the most famous of criminology 's learning theories , differential association , highlights some problems that result from this uneasy relationship between external and internal factors that have been used to [differentiate] learning from invention .

( a ) An equilibrium of right and protection must be established between the individual to be judged and the society which judges in order to escape the exaggerations … introduced by the classical school , which failed to distinguish between dangerous and not dangerous , atavistic and evolutive delinquents .
( a ) an equilibrium of right and protection must be established between the individual to be judged and the society which judges in order to escape the exaggerations … introduced by the classical school , which failed to [differentiate] between dangerous and not dangerous , atavistic and evolutive delinquents .

At the beginning of this chapter it was suggested that the main features by which we can characterise the wider category of positivist criminology ( and which also serve to distinguish it from classical criminology ) are determinism , differentiation , pathology and the diversion of attention away from crime ( and the criminal law ) to the criminal .
at the beginning of this chapter it was suggested that the main features by which we can characterise the wider category of positivist criminology ( and which also serve to [differentiate] it from classical criminology ) are determinism , differentiation , pathology and the diversion of attention away from crime ( and the criminal law ) to the criminal .

The ‘ free ’ person and the person who acts from an unknowable constellation of causes are difficult to distinguish ; the problem of explaining their behaviour is , for all practical purposes , the same .
the ‘ free ’ person and the person who acts from an unknowable constellation of causes are difficult to [differentiate] ; the problem of explaining their behaviour is , for all practical purposes , the same .

In fact , as we have seen , it boils down to a moral evaluation of differentiation ( rather than a ‘ scientific ’ finding ) : the differences that distinguish criminals are things that are deemed to have ‘ gone wrong ’ with their biology , psyche or values .
in fact , as we have seen , it boils down to a moral evaluation of differentiation ( rather than a ‘ scientific ’ finding ) : the differences that [differentiate] criminals are things that are deemed to have ‘ gone wrong ’ with their biology , psyche or values .

First , it is necessary to distinguish two quite separate arguments that sometimes seem to get confused : the argument that crime is inevitable ; and the argument that crime is functional .
first , it is necessary to [differentiate] two quite separate arguments that sometimes seem to get confused : the argument that crime is inevitable ; and the argument that crime is functional .

He could n't distinguish her from the darkness , but any lingering doubt that she might belong to the dream from which he 'd risen was dispatched as her hand went from his mouth to his bare chest .
he could n't [differentiate] her from the darkness , but any lingering doubt that she might belong to the dream from which he 'd risen was dispatched as her hand went from his mouth to his bare chest .

They are now sometimes hard to distinguish from the Christian Democrats .
they are now sometimes hard to [differentiate] from the christian democrats .

We can distinguish , then , between those Shakespeare sonnets addressing the recipient directly , in which writer and addressee form the couple defining a relationship , and poems addressing a recipient who is engaged in a triadic — or perhaps , better said , two dyadic relationships .
we can [differentiate] , then , between those shakespeare sonnets addressing the recipient directly , in which writer and addressee form the couple defining a relationship , and poems addressing a recipient who is engaged in a triadic — or perhaps , better said , two dyadic relationships .

Attempts have been made to distinguish the two forms by close reading of ‘ groups ’ or ‘ sequences ’ within the collection , but such attempts either to arrange the order of the 1609 Quarto into some new scheme , or to read a consistent development within it are equally misguided .
attempts have been made to [differentiate] the two forms by close reading of ‘ groups ’ or ‘ sequences ’ within the collection , but such attempts either to arrange the order of the 1609 quarto into some new scheme , or to read a consistent development within it are equally misguided .

Attempting to distinguish the two forms , Frances Berry arrived at the strange result that Thou in the Sonnets is ‘ remote ’ and ‘ betokens distant admiration ’ , while You is ‘ more intimate ’ .
attempting to [differentiate] the two forms , frances berry arrived at the strange result that thou in the sonnets is ‘ remote ’ and ‘ betokens distant admiration ’ , while you is ‘ more intimate ’ .

Nor do they always distinguish Turks who have been in Germany for years from recent ‘ economic migrants ’ .
nor do they always [differentiate] turks who have been in germany for years from recent ‘ economic migrants ’ .

Although a number of feminist authors have tended to view some of the 1960s legislation as ‘ liberalising ’ , they have sought to distinguish the identification of such a trend from any notion of ‘ liberation ’ .
although a number of feminist authors have tended to view some of the 1960s legislation as ‘ liberalising ’ , they have sought to [differentiate] the identification of such a trend from any notion of ‘ liberation ’ .

If so , ought it to use that weapon in all cases or only in some ; and if only in some , on what principle should it distinguish ?
if so , ought it to use that weapon in all cases or only in some ; and if only in some , on what principle should it [differentiate] ?

Small nuclear explosions underground ( they are already banned everywhere else ) are just about impossible to distinguish reliably from other sorts of man-made bangs or earthquakes .
small nuclear explosions underground ( they are already banned everywhere else ) are just about impossible to [differentiate] reliably from other sorts of man-made bangs or earthquakes .

It was so wreathed in smoke that it was impossible to distinguish any important features .
it was so wreathed in smoke that it was impossible to [differentiate] any important features .

The first step is to distinguish between two senses of ‘ something 's looking blue ’ .
the first step is to [differentiate] between two senses of ‘ something 's looking blue ’ .

‘ The reason for this is just that in these matters custom makes us reason and judge so quickly , or rather we recall the judgments previously made about similar things ; and thus we fail to distinguish the difference between these operations and a simple sense perception ’ .
‘ the reason for this is just that in these matters custom makes us reason and judge so quickly , or rather we recall the judgments previously made about similar things ; and thus we fail to [differentiate] the difference between these operations and a simple sense perception ’ .

This is a case in which we distinguish between a person 's body as it appears to that person , and as it appears to others .
this is a case in which we [differentiate] between a person 's body as it appears to that person , and as it appears to others .

If we distinguish between ‘ my body ’ and ‘ how it appears to me ’ we can only be considering what Sartre calls ‘ my body in the midst of the world ’ .
if we [differentiate] between ‘ my body ’ and ‘ how it appears to me ’ we can only be considering what sartre calls ‘ my body in the midst of the world ’ .

Hylas is persuaded to admit that when he puts his hand uncomfortably near the fire he can not distinguish between the heat he feels , and the pain .
hylas is persuaded to admit that when he puts his hand uncomfortably near the fire he can not [differentiate] between the heat he feels , and the pain .

The persuasiveness of Berkeley 's argument about heat and pain depends on two things : ( i ) our readiness to distinguish between feeling heat and feeling hot , and ( ii ) our having the idea that if two things are called by the same name it must be because we suppose them to be like one another .
the persuasiveness of berkeley 's argument about heat and pain depends on two things : ( i ) our readiness to [differentiate] between feeling heat and feeling hot , and ( ii ) our having the idea that if two things are called by the same name it must be because we suppose them to be like one another .

We can distinguish between using an expression and attending to an expression .
we can [differentiate] between using an expression and attending to an expression .

We feel drawn to distinguish two ways of knowing things , an inward way and an outward way .
we feel drawn to [differentiate] two ways of knowing things , an inward way and an outward way .

Since dress , gait and table manners instantly distinguish social rank , all over the world , why not speech as well ?
since dress , gait and table manners instantly [differentiate] social rank , all over the world , why not speech as well ?

These then are the main characteristics which distinguish the early retired from other older workers who remained actually or potentially in the labour market : the former were more likely to have been close to pension age , to report ill health , to be better off financially and to have non-manual occupations .
these then are the main characteristics which [differentiate] the early retired from other older workers who remained actually or potentially in the labour market : the former were more likely to have been close to pension age , to report ill health , to be better off financially and to have non-manual occupations .

One can distinguish a typical trajectory — shown moving down from the upper left of the figure — as married couples reach the statutory retirement-age .
one can [differentiate] a typical trajectory — shown moving down from the upper left of the figure — as married couples reach the statutory retirement-age .

Parents who trust the coach should distinguish between the confusing issue of good , positive support versus negative over involvement .
parents who trust the coach should [differentiate] between the confusing issue of good , positive support versus negative over involvement .

New illustrations of over 1,800 items , which help learners to distinguish related items and to build their vocabulary .
new illustrations of over 1,800 items , which help learners to [differentiate] related items and to build their vocabulary .

If we have a purpose , make use of context and prediction ; if we learn to distinguish between different levels of generality in a passage ( e.g .
if we have a purpose , make use of context and prediction ; if we learn to [differentiate] between different levels of generality in a passage ( e.g .

Put in slightly different language slave trading blocked the operation of Christian benevolence arising from man 's innate ability to distinguish good from evil and strengthened ‘ by various communications of his revealed Will ’ .
put in slightly different language slave trading blocked the operation of christian benevolence arising from man 's innate ability to [differentiate] good from evil and strengthened ‘ by various communications of his revealed will ’ .

Within that horizon , Barth went on to distinguish three ‘ forms ’ of the Word .
within that horizon , barth went on to [differentiate] three ‘ forms ’ of the word .

The head and eyes were undeveloped , being difficult to distinguish even with a magnifying-glass , and giving the appearance of just a brown stomach with a tail .
the head and eyes were undeveloped , being difficult to [differentiate] even with a magnifying-glass , and giving the appearance of just a brown stomach with a tail .

Having said that , we can begin to distinguish the difference in type and , therefore , the difference in application of the methods of signing available .
having said that , we can begin to [differentiate] the difference in type and , therefore , the difference in application of the methods of signing available .

The first studies were in coal mines where there were different degrees of mechanisation associated with the same type of working group and it was also possible to distinguish different social organisations working in similar technical environments ( Trist and Murray , 1948 ) .
the first studies were in coal mines where there were different degrees of mechanisation associated with the same type of working group and it was also possible to [differentiate] different social organisations working in similar technical environments ( trist and murray , 1948 ) .

With the advent of information theory ( Attneave , 1959 ; Edwards , 1964 ) other interesting issues arose such as whether the performance of the store could better be measured in terms of bits of information or chunks of material ( the bits-versus-chunks controversy ( Miller , 1956 ) ) and the possibility that memory processes might distinguish between content and order .
with the advent of information theory ( attneave , 1959 ; edwards , 1964 ) other interesting issues arose such as whether the performance of the store could better be measured in terms of bits of information or chunks of material ( the bits-versus-chunks controversy ( miller , 1956 ) ) and the possibility that memory processes might [differentiate] between content and order .

It is possible to distinguish three , slightly different , elements within anti-racist and anti-sexist policies .
it is possible to [differentiate] three , slightly different , elements within anti-racist and anti-sexist policies .

Theoretical studies in this sense might adopt an approach which utilises the findings from a variety of national contexts in order to produce generalisations that attempt ‘ to distinguish the invariant from the variant , the stable and continuing from the fluctuating and transitory ’ ( Schollhammer , 1973 , p. 24 ) .
theoretical studies in this sense might adopt an approach which utilises the findings from a variety of national contexts in order to produce generalisations that attempt ‘ to [differentiate] the invariant from the variant , the stable and continuing from the fluctuating and transitory ’ ( schollhammer , 1973 , p. 24 ) .

In addition to direct , or personal , control it has also become usual to distinguish a form of control which is incorporated within ( impersonal ) technological structures .
in addition to direct , or personal , control it has also become usual to [differentiate] a form of control which is incorporated within ( impersonal ) technological structures .

However , despite Laud 's personal antipathy towards the papacy , the 1630s did see a growth in the influence of Catholicism over the English government and an improvement in relations between Charles 's court and the papal curia , and for the large numbers of English Protestants who were unable to distinguish between Arminianism and popery and who regarded Laud as little more than an agent of Rome , there could be no doubt that the archbishop was to blame .
however , despite laud 's personal antipathy towards the papacy , the 1630s did see a growth in the influence of catholicism over the english government and an improvement in relations between charles 's court and the papal curia , and for the large numbers of english protestants who were unable to [differentiate] between arminianism and popery and who regarded laud as little more than an agent of rome , there could be no doubt that the archbishop was to blame .

Modern scholarship has tended to try and distinguish the different meanings and uses of the words ‘ Devil ’ and ‘ demons ’ .
modern scholarship has tended to try and [differentiate] the different meanings and uses of the words ‘ devil ’ and ‘ demons ’ .

They could not distinguish public splendour to dazzle and impress their people and foreigners alike ( if that is the effect their trappings achieved ) from the conveniences of private life .
they could not [differentiate] public splendour to dazzle and impress their people and foreigners alike ( if that is the effect their trappings achieved ) from the conveniences of private life .

For example , Standard English does not distinguish between do as a main verb and as an auxiliary verb : He did it , did he ?
for example , standard english does not [differentiate] between do as a main verb and as an auxiliary verb : he did it , did he ?

Linguists distinguish between prescriptive and descriptive views of language , and teachers need to understand when they need to insist on rules , to prescribe , and when it is more appropriate to describe the differences between dialects and Standard English , or between spoken and written usage .
linguists [differentiate] between prescriptive and descriptive views of language , and teachers need to understand when they need to insist on rules , to prescribe , and when it is more appropriate to describe the differences between dialects and standard english , or between spoken and written usage .

Even though no two people speak or write in just the same way , groups of people share sufficient language characteristics ( of accent , vocabulary and grammar ) to bind them together and to distinguish them from other groups .
even though no two people speak or write in just the same way , groups of people share sufficient language characteristics ( of accent , vocabulary and grammar ) to bind them together and to [differentiate] them from other groups .

it is usually easier to give examples of individual words ( which distinguish dialects , styles , etc. ) , than to give examples of pronunciation , grammar and textual organisation ;
it is usually easier to give examples of individual words ( which [differentiate] dialects , styles , etc. ) , than to give examples of pronunciation , grammar and textual organisation ;

In their church growth analysis , Currie , Gilbert and Horsley distinguish between autogenous and allogenous growth ( Currie , Gilbert and Horsley 1977:80 ) .
in their church growth analysis , currie , gilbert and horsley [differentiate] between autogenous and allogenous growth ( currie , gilbert and horsley 1977:80 ) .

If there is little to distinguish the Christian from his non-Christian neighbour , then discipleship can have little significance .
if there is little to [differentiate] the christian from his non-christian neighbour , then discipleship can have little significance .

At this point it may be helpful to try and distinguish between a witness and an evangelist .
at this point it may be helpful to try and [differentiate] between a witness and an evangelist .

The need for guidance is not , of course , restricted to the female sex , and it could be very tricky trying to distinguish the essential differences between male and female archetypes of the guide .
the need for guidance is not , of course , restricted to the female sex , and it could be very tricky trying to [differentiate] the essential differences between male and female archetypes of the guide .

And within her womb she could distinguish the Future Buddha , like a white thread passed through a transparent Jewel .
and within her womb she could [differentiate] the future buddha , like a white thread passed through a transparent jewel .

In terms of specific details of necessary improvements in health and welfare it is difficult to distinguish between the programmes of the Alliance and Labour .
in terms of specific details of necessary improvements in health and welfare it is difficult to [differentiate] between the programmes of the alliance and labour .

It should not be difficult to distinguish between the genuine work and the more shoddy effects produced by lithographic reproduction .
it should not be difficult to [differentiate] between the genuine work and the more shoddy effects produced by lithographic reproduction .

It must be said that , if the artist knew his , or her , job , it will be a bold man who can unhesitatingly distinguish between a fore-edge painting of 1780 , 1880 or 1980 , with their delicate muted effects .
it must be said that , if the artist knew his , or her , job , it will be a bold man who can unhesitatingly [differentiate] between a fore-edge painting of 1780 , 1880 or 1980 , with their delicate muted effects .

It takes a considerable expert to distinguish impressions from good wood blocks and the metal blocks made from them .
it takes a considerable expert to [differentiate] impressions from good wood blocks and the metal blocks made from them .

Some people find it difficult to distinguish between a ‘ plate ’ and other types of illustration .
some people find it difficult to [differentiate] between a ‘ plate ’ and other types of illustration .

Collectors of the Lyttons , father and son , have an inexpensive line of country and are to be congratulated if they can distinguish infallibly between the two without recourse to their reference books .
collectors of the lyttons , father and son , have an inexpensive line of country and are to be congratulated if they can [differentiate] infallibly between the two without recourse to their reference books .

Early in a baby 's development she perceives her body and the external world as an undifferentiated unity ; the baby can not distinguish herself as subject from external ( objective ) reality .
early in a baby 's development she perceives her body and the external world as an undifferentiated unity ; the baby can not [differentiate] herself as subject from external ( objective ) reality .

However , Marxists distinguish two kinds of dissenting consciousness which can be fostered amongst workers by personal experience and by collective organization .
however , marxists [differentiate] two kinds of dissenting consciousness which can be fostered amongst workers by personal experience and by collective organization .

The word we translate in English as ‘ brother ’ , for instance , would include those we distinguish as ‘ cousins ’ ; similarly a term such as ‘ father ’ might also include paternal ‘ uncles ’ .
the word we translate in english as ‘ brother ’ , for instance , would include those we [differentiate] as ‘ cousins ’ ; similarly a term such as ‘ father ’ might also include paternal ‘ uncles ’ .

Thus here we see two terms used to distinguish relatives on my mother 's side according to their sex .
thus here we see two terms used to [differentiate] relatives on my mother 's side according to their sex .

Since the Zande distinguish benge from ‘ ordinary ’ poisons and regard it as a mystical truth-drug , Evans-Pritchard maintains that those who employ it as an oracle do not manipulate it deliberately .
since the zande [differentiate] benge from ‘ ordinary ’ poisons and regard it as a mystical truth-drug , evans-pritchard maintains that those who employ it as an oracle do not manipulate it deliberately .

Witchcraft and sorcery , which in any case few other cultures distinguish as sharply as the Zande , are not the only mystical responses to the experience of affliction in tense relationships .
witchcraft and sorcery , which in any case few other cultures [differentiate] as sharply as the zande , are not the only mystical responses to the experience of affliction in tense relationships .

As has been indicated above , it seems possible to distinguish between these two aggressive strategies in terms of their relative severity .
as has been indicated above , it seems possible to [differentiate] between these two aggressive strategies in terms of their relative severity .

This is why it seems sociologically useful to distinguish between main and marginal cults .
this is why it seems sociologically useful to [differentiate] between main and marginal cults .

It seems reasonable , however , to distinguish between two different types of thing which might or would have happened if the agent had not done an action .
it seems reasonable , however , to [differentiate] between two different types of thing which might or would have happened if the agent had not done an action .

One can then say that it is only things of the second sort which count as things his action prevented , when one is calculating its good and bad effects , and thus distinguish Bentham 's criterion of rightness and wrongness from a rigorist one .
one can then say that it is only things of the second sort which count as things his action prevented , when one is calculating its good and bad effects , and thus [differentiate] bentham 's criterion of rightness and wrongness from a rigorist one .

We may observe in passing that while it seems obvious enough in the abstract that we should distinguish between what is good in itself and what is good as a means , more is at stake here than conceptual clarity .
we may observe in passing that while it seems obvious enough in the abstract that we should [differentiate] between what is good in itself and what is good as a means , more is at stake here than conceptual clarity .

Pain , or at least the consciousness of pain ( for Moore professes to distinguish these ) , is said to be very bad , but the main other things which he regards as bad are the enjoyment of ugly things , and the dislike of beautiful things !
pain , or at least the consciousness of pain ( for moore professes to [differentiate] these ) , is said to be very bad , but the main other things which he regards as bad are the enjoyment of ugly things , and the dislike of beautiful things !

True , we should distinguish between what a particular speaker means and what his statement means .
true , we should [differentiate] between what a particular speaker means and what his statement means .

However , it is better to distinguish the issue of objective truth from that of rationality .
however , it is better to [differentiate] the issue of objective truth from that of rationality .

In France the new model — which Lane calls ‘ market capitalism ’ to distinguish it from the welfare capitalism of the previous period — led to a number of legislative changes .
in france the new model — which lane calls ‘ market capitalism ’ to [differentiate] it from the welfare capitalism of the previous period — led to a number of legislative changes .

it is a condition that can be acquired , to distinguish it from some similar conditions that some people are born with .
it is a condition that can be acquired , to [differentiate] it from some similar conditions that some people are born with .

The sound was deep , electronically slick and fluid , but feathered with a tremolo so fine you could only just distinguish the individual notes .
the sound was deep , electronically slick and fluid , but feathered with a tremolo so fine you could only just [differentiate] the individual notes .

They do not distinguish between individual dogs , and so the sound of a neighbour 's dog may cause yours to receive a punishment shock when it has not actually been barking .
they do not [differentiate] between individual dogs , and so the sound of a neighbour 's dog may cause yours to receive a punishment shock when it has not actually been barking .

It is possible to distinguish between these different forms of aggressive behaviour by noting the body language of the dog concerned .
it is possible to [differentiate] between these different forms of aggressive behaviour by noting the body language of the dog concerned .

The pattern generated by co-operative behaviour could distinguish one social group from another and could mean the difference between group survival and communal death … It is a travesty of Darwinism to suggest that all that matters in social life is conflict .
the pattern generated by co-operative behaviour could [differentiate] one social group from another and could mean the difference between group survival and communal death … it is a travesty of darwinism to suggest that all that matters in social life is conflict .

On the journey up the glen , where there are some conifer plantations , the Five Sisters ridge appears foreshortened and can not be seen in perspective , the individual summits being difficult to distinguish ; those on the south side are rather more distant and better discerned .
on the journey up the glen , where there are some conifer plantations , the five sisters ridge appears foreshortened and can not be seen in perspective , the individual summits being difficult to [differentiate] ; those on the south side are rather more distant and better discerned .

It is one thing to distinguish a cuckoo 's egg from those of its host , but quite another to tell apart the eggs of two different starlings .
it is one thing to [differentiate] a cuckoo 's egg from those of its host , but quite another to tell apart the eggs of two different starlings .

It is difficult at the best of times , however , to distinguish the sexes , and only of academic interest once stung .
it is difficult at the best of times , however , to [differentiate] the sexes , and only of academic interest once stung .

He did n't turn his head to look after them and he was so still that even at a short distance they could no longer distinguish him from his surroundings .
he did n't turn his head to look after them and he was so still that even at a short distance they could no longer [differentiate] him from his surroundings .

The landbuyer should intuitively distinguish those opportunities worth pursuing from those where time and resources will be expended to no effect .
the landbuyer should intuitively [differentiate] those opportunities worth pursuing from those where time and resources will be expended to no effect .

In order to distinguish between the internal payment certificates for labour-only sub-contractors , labour and material sub-contractors , nominated suppliers and nominated sub-contractors , it may be useful to use different coloured documentation for easier identification .
in order to [differentiate] between the internal payment certificates for labour-only sub-contractors , labour and material sub-contractors , nominated suppliers and nominated sub-contractors , it may be useful to use different coloured documentation for easier identification .

However , this neat division of labour is predicated on being able to distinguish traded and non-traded goods in a precise fashion .
however , this neat division of labour is predicated on being able to [differentiate] traded and non-traded goods in a precise fashion .

Price leadership : it is usual to distinguish between ‘ dominant firm ’ and ‘ barometric ’ price leadership .
price leadership : it is usual to [differentiate] between ‘ dominant firm ’ and ‘ barometric ’ price leadership .

To put this advice generally , if you are asked to distinguish between two legal concepts or institutions , you should give not only the difference of definition but also the difference of legal effect .
to put this advice generally , if you are asked to [differentiate] between two legal concepts or institutions , you should give not only the difference of definition but also the difference of legal effect .

Fowler divided the English-speaking world into ( 1 ) those who neither know nor care what a split infinitive is ; ( 2 ) those who do not know , but care very much ; ( 3 ) those who know and condemn ; ( 4 ) those who know and approve ; and ( 5 ) those who know and distinguish .
fowler divided the english-speaking world into ( 1 ) those who neither know nor care what a split infinitive is ; ( 2 ) those who do not know , but care very much ; ( 3 ) those who know and condemn ; ( 4 ) those who know and approve ; and ( 5 ) those who know and [differentiate] .

Arabic , Eskimo , and some Slavonic languages formally distinguish between one , two , and more than two .
arabic , eskimo , and some slavonic languages formally [differentiate] between one , two , and more than two .

English does not have a grammatical category of gender as such ; English nouns are not regularly inflected to distinguish between feminine and masculine .
english does not have a grammatical category of gender as such ; english nouns are not regularly inflected to [differentiate] between feminine and masculine .

The subtle choices involved in pronoun usage in languages which distinguish between familiar and non-familiar pronouns is further complicated by the fact that this use differs significantly from one social group to another and that it changes all the time in a way that reflects changes in social values and attitudes .
the subtle choices involved in pronoun usage in languages which [differentiate] between familiar and non-familiar pronouns is further complicated by the fact that this use differs significantly from one social group to another and that it changes all the time in a way that reflects changes in social values and attitudes .

For instance , in the Villa Alta dialect of Zapotec ( Mexico ) , it is necessary to distinguish between events which take place for the first time with respect to particular participants and those which are repetitions .
for instance , in the villa alta dialect of zapotec ( mexico ) , it is necessary to [differentiate] between events which take place for the first time with respect to particular participants and those which are repetitions .

… And this general picture is , primarily , that which we attempt to draw in this book , not the detailed personal characteristics which distinguish any of the political leaders .
… and this general picture is , primarily , that which we attempt to draw in this book , not the detailed personal characteristics which [differentiate] any of the political leaders .

To distinguish between the function of marked theme and that of marked rheme , we could say that marked theme gives prominence to an element as linking information , whereas marked rheme gives prominence to an element as the core of the message .
to [differentiate] between the function of marked theme and that of marked rheme , we could say that marked theme gives prominence to an element as linking information , whereas marked rheme gives prominence to an element as the core of the message .

The last chapter dealt with one type of connectivity which helps to distinguish text from non-text , namely thematic and information structure .
the last chapter dealt with one type of connectivity which helps to [differentiate] text from non-text , namely thematic and information structure .

Although it may be possible in a capitalist society to distinguish several such classes — for example , farm workers , owners of small businesses and professionals , amongst others — there is a strong tendency for such boundaries to disappear , leaving a sharp distinction between the bourgeoisie who control wealth and the proletariat who produce it .
although it may be possible in a capitalist society to [differentiate] several such classes — for example , farm workers , owners of small businesses and professionals , amongst others — there is a strong tendency for such boundaries to disappear , leaving a sharp distinction between the bourgeoisie who control wealth and the proletariat who produce it .

Even if the use of social class as a speaker variable were feasible in this rather fundamental practical sense , it would be unlikely to yield much insight into the interplay between social and linguistic differentiation ( for the rather obvious reason that a social class index can not distinguish in an illuminating way between members of a group who are mostly unemployed or concentrated in low-status occupations ) .
even if the use of social class as a speaker variable were feasible in this rather fundamental practical sense , it would be unlikely to yield much insight into the interplay between social and linguistic differentiation ( for the rather obvious reason that a social class index can not [differentiate] in an illuminating way between members of a group who are mostly unemployed or concentrated in low-status occupations ) .

In fact the indicators used by Edwards were chosen for their capacity to distinguish between individuals who associated themselves to varying degrees with the norms and values of the black community ; of particular importance is the distinction between black and non-black ethnicity .
in fact the indicators used by edwards were chosen for their capacity to [differentiate] between individuals who associated themselves to varying degrees with the norms and values of the black community ; of particular importance is the distinction between black and non-black ethnicity .

This involves arranging variants ( as many as the analyst is able and wishes to distinguish ) along a single phonetic dimension such as vowel height .
this involves arranging variants ( as many as the analyst is able and wishes to [differentiate] ) along a single phonetic dimension such as vowel height .

As well as attempting to distinguish CSPs from a more general type of phonological variable ( such as that found in Durham in the long and short /a/ classes ) , Kerswill examines a certain type of lexical variable , exemplified by parts of two competing pronoun systems found in Durham City ( table 6.11 ) .
as well as attempting to [differentiate] csps from a more general type of phonological variable ( such as that found in durham in the long and short /a/ classes ) , kerswill examines a certain type of lexical variable , exemplified by parts of two competing pronoun systems found in durham city ( table 6.11 ) .

But because both CSPs and more general phonological variables are variety-specific , it is difficult to distinguish them clearly enough to apply the taxonomy more generally .
but because both csps and more general phonological variables are variety-specific , it is difficult to [differentiate] them clearly enough to apply the taxonomy more generally .

Although Glasgow speakers , like most Scots , do not distinguish fool from full , for some speakers the word class is subdivided because some lexical items may occur with a front unrounded vowel , e.g .
although glasgow speakers , like most scots , do not [differentiate] fool from full , for some speakers the word class is subdivided because some lexical items may occur with a front unrounded vowel , e.g .

Though government data on accidents at work do not distinguish between manual and non-manual workers , they differentiate according to industries .
though government data on accidents at work do not [differentiate] between manual and non-manual workers , they differentiate according to industries .

Fourth , there has been criticism of the failure of the human capital theory to distinguish sufficiently between the contribution made to economic growth by different levels of education or by different subjects which , it has been claimed , has meant an unwarranted expansion of university education and of non-technical subjects .
fourth , there has been criticism of the failure of the human capital theory to [differentiate] sufficiently between the contribution made to economic growth by different levels of education or by different subjects which , it has been claimed , has meant an unwarranted expansion of university education and of non-technical subjects .

We begin with studies base on personal interviews and we distinguish between working-class and professional samples .
we begin with studies base on personal interviews and we [differentiate] between working-class and professional samples .

We can distinguish a range of meanings from ( i ) a developed state of mind — as in ‘ a person of culture ’ , ‘ a cultured person ’ to ( ii ) the processes of this development — as in ‘ cultural interests ’ , ‘ cultural activities ’ to ( iii ) the means of these processes — as in culture as ‘ the arts ’ and ‘ humane intellectual works ’ .
we can [differentiate] a range of meanings from ( i ) a developed state of mind — as in ‘ a person of culture ’ , ‘ a cultured person ’ to ( ii ) the processes of this development — as in ‘ cultural interests ’ , ‘ cultural activities ’ to ( iii ) the means of these processes — as in culture as ‘ the arts ’ and ‘ humane intellectual works ’ .

We can distinguish two main kinds : ( a ) an emphasis on the ‘ informing spirit ’ of a whole way of life , which is manifest over the whole range of social activities but is most evident in ‘ specifically cultural ’ activities — a language , styles of art , kinds of intellectual work ; and ( b ) an emphasis on ‘ a whole social order ’ within which a specifiable culture , in styles of art and kinds of intellectual work , is seen as the direct or indirect product of an order primarily constituted by other social activities .
we can [differentiate] two main kinds : ( a ) an emphasis on the ‘ informing spirit ’ of a whole way of life , which is manifest over the whole range of social activities but is most evident in ‘ specifically cultural ’ activities — a language , styles of art , kinds of intellectual work ; and ( b ) an emphasis on ‘ a whole social order ’ within which a specifiable culture , in styles of art and kinds of intellectual work , is seen as the direct or indirect product of an order primarily constituted by other social activities .

But we can then distinguish between two kinds of study : ( a ) operational studies , often not generally published , which study effects as indicators of internal policy and marketing decisions — ‘ attitude ’ surveys in market research ; studies of responses to programmes in broadcasting research ; private political polling on ‘ issues ’ ; and ( b ) critical research , in which the effects of programmes showing violence or of political broadcasting or other distinguishable kinds of production are assessed for both specific and general social effect , often in response to an expressed public concern .
but we can then [differentiate] between two kinds of study : ( a ) operational studies , often not generally published , which study effects as indicators of internal policy and marketing decisions — ‘ attitude ’ surveys in market research ; studies of responses to programmes in broadcasting research ; private political polling on ‘ issues ’ ; and ( b ) critical research , in which the effects of programmes showing violence or of political broadcasting or other distinguishable kinds of production are assessed for both specific and general social effect , often in response to an expressed public concern .

In modern studies we can distinguish three broad emphases : ( i ) on the social conditions-of art ; ( ii ) on social material in art works ; and ( iii ) on social relations in art works .
in modern studies we can [differentiate] three broad emphases : ( i ) on the social conditions-of art ; ( ii ) on social material in art works ; and ( iii ) on social relations in art works .

It is important to distinguish work of this kind , and to emphasize its possible value , by comparison with that narrowest version of the social conditions of art ( often called ‘ sociologism ’ or ‘ sociological relativism ’ ) , which is more commonly associated with Marxism .
it is important to [differentiate] work of this kind , and to emphasize its possible value , by comparison with that narrowest version of the social conditions of art ( often called ‘ sociologism ’ or ‘ sociological relativism ’ ) , which is more commonly associated with marxism .

It is then necessary to distinguish this type of patronage from a fourth kind , in a period in which there were qualitatively new social relations of art , determined by the increasingly regular production of works of art as commodities for general sale .
it is then necessary to [differentiate] this type of patronage from a fourth kind , in a period in which there were qualitatively new social relations of art , determined by the increasingly regular production of works of art as commodities for general sale .

Characteristically it becomes difficult , but also necessary , in just this market phase , to distinguish this form of production from others with which it had analogous economic relations .
characteristically it becomes difficult , but also necessary , in just this market phase , to [differentiate] this form of production from others with which it had analogous economic relations .

In the case of what we would now distinguish as ‘ arts ’ , an early example is the fourteenth-century Florentine guild , actually that of the surgeon apothecaries but including painters from an overlap of working materials .
in the case of what we would now [differentiate] as ‘ arts ’ , an early example is the fourteenth-century florentine guild , actually that of the surgeon apothecaries but including painters from an overlap of working materials .

Moreover , beyond the identifiable forms of actual association , an additional emphasis has been given by the methodology of most forms of cultural historiography , which distinguish and classify ‘ schools ’ or more general ‘ movements ’ and ‘ tendencies ’ .
moreover , beyond the identifiable forms of actual association , an additional emphasis has been given by the methodology of most forms of cultural historiography , which [differentiate] and classify ‘ schools ’ or more general ‘ movements ’ and ‘ tendencies ’ .

It is a looser form of group association , primarily defined by shared theory and practice , and its immediate social relations are often not easy to distinguish from those of a group of friends who share common interests .
it is a looser form of group association , primarily defined by shared theory and practice , and its immediate social relations are often not easy to [differentiate] from those of a group of friends who share common interests .

As we distinguish this specific character of cultural production we should hesitate before attempting sociological analysis of modern cultural corporations , which in other respects resemble contemporary large-scale manufacturing and administrative organizations .
as we [differentiate] this specific character of cultural production we should hesitate before attempting sociological analysis of modern cultural corporations , which in other respects resemble contemporary large-scale manufacturing and administrative organizations .

Yet it is here that we have to distinguish most clearly between a technical invention and a technology , and then further between a technology and its actual or possible social relations .
yet it is here that we have to [differentiate] most clearly between a technical invention and a technology , and then further between a technology and its actual or possible social relations .

The concept would be difficult enough if it were only at this level , where we say that music , dance , painting , sculpture , poetry , drama , fiction , film have crucial properties in common , which suffice to distinguish them , as a group , from other human practices .
the concept would be difficult enough if it were only at this level , where we say that music , dance , painting , sculpture , poetry , drama , fiction , film have crucial properties in common , which suffice to [differentiate] them , as a group , from other human practices .

This is obviously crucial , but it will not serve to delimit art ; the same criterion , on its own , would distinguish many works of other manual skills and of engineering .
this is obviously crucial , but it will not serve to delimit art ; the same criterion , on its own , would [differentiate] many works of other manual skills and of engineering .

The attempt to distinguish ‘ art ’ from other , often closely related , practices is a quite extraordinarily important historical and social process .
the attempt to [differentiate] ‘ art ’ from other , often closely related , practices is a quite extraordinarily important historical and social process .

The attempt to distinguish ‘ aesthetic ’ from other kinds of attention and response is , as a historical and social process , perhaps even more important .
the attempt to [differentiate] ‘ aesthetic ’ from other kinds of attention and response is , as a historical and social process , perhaps even more important .

The attempt to distinguish between good , bad and indifferent work in specific practices is , when made in full seriousness and without the presumption of privileged classes and habits , an indispensable element of the central social process of conscious human production .
the attempt to [differentiate] between good , bad and indifferent work in specific practices is , when made in full seriousness and without the presumption of privileged classes and habits , an indispensable element of the central social process of conscious human production .

For there is indeed an observable general tendency ( however deeply complicated by historical and cultural diversity ) to distinguish and to value kinds of work which meet no immediate and manifest need , of an everyday practical kind , and which are at least not necessarily taken as evidence of some metaphysical or non-human dimension of reality .
for there is indeed an observable general tendency ( however deeply complicated by historical and cultural diversity ) to [differentiate] and to value kinds of work which meet no immediate and manifest need , of an everyday practical kind , and which are at least not necessarily taken as evidence of some metaphysical or non-human dimension of reality .

It is on the borderline between a true signal , indicating the nature of the coming activity and establishing specific relations within which it is intended to occur , and that type of signal which is not preparatory or externally indicative but is integrated within the form of a work : a type which we can distinguish as conventions , and which is so fundamentally important that it will be separately discussed , below .
it is on the borderline between a true signal , indicating the nature of the coming activity and establishing specific relations within which it is intended to occur , and that type of signal which is not preparatory or externally indicative but is integrated within the form of a work : a type which we can [differentiate] as conventions , and which is so fundamentally important that it will be separately discussed , below .

Jezrael stiffened , her head cocked to distinguish what was happening .
jezrael stiffened , her head cocked to [differentiate] what was happening .

As they drive around the countryside the newcomers can not distinguish between those fields which have been ploughed with a supreme exhibition of the farm worker 's skills and those which have not ; nor are they able to appreciate the beauty of a faultlessly drilled seed-bed , healthy stock or clean weed-free fields .
as they drive around the countryside the newcomers can not [differentiate] between those fields which have been ploughed with a supreme exhibition of the farm worker 's skills and those which have not ; nor are they able to appreciate the beauty of a faultlessly drilled seed-bed , healthy stock or clean weed-free fields .

Medical students learn to distinguish ‘ acute ’ , which means something of recent onset , from ‘ chronic ’ , which means a condition which has lasted and will probably continue for a substantial time .
medical students learn to [differentiate] ‘ acute ’ , which means something of recent onset , from ‘ chronic ’ , which means a condition which has lasted and will probably continue for a substantial time .

In the absence of legal criteria that distinguish constitutional law from other laws , the definition becomes so broad that it defines nothing at all .
in the absence of legal criteria that [differentiate] constitutional law from other laws , the definition becomes so broad that it defines nothing at all .

Without these characteristics , it is impossible to distinguish a constitution from a description of the system of government in a way that is analytically precise .
without these characteristics , it is impossible to [differentiate] a constitution from a description of the system of government in a way that is analytically precise .

His definition of a statutory constitution does , however , allow us to distinguish constitutional law from other law by clear criteria , thus giving the term not just a specific meaning , but a meaning with consequences .
his definition of a statutory constitution does , however , allow us to [differentiate] constitutional law from other law by clear criteria , thus giving the term not just a specific meaning , but a meaning with consequences .

To understand the nature of state power , it is necessary first of all to distinguish , and then to relate , the various elements which make up the state system .
to understand the nature of state power , it is necessary first of all to [differentiate] , and then to relate , the various elements which make up the state system .

It is important , however , to distinguish between the current situation and what the future holds .
it is important , however , to [differentiate] between the current situation and what the future holds .

The universities are not formally sub-divided , but informal groupings based on origin and type distinguish between Oxbridge ( Oxford and Cambridge ) , the large federal university of London founded in the early nineteenth century , the larger ‘ civic ’ universities established later in the nineteenth century in provincial cities ( e.g .
the universities are not formally sub-divided , but informal groupings based on origin and type [differentiate] between oxbridge ( oxford and cambridge ) , the large federal university of london founded in the early nineteenth century , the larger ‘ civic ’ universities established later in the nineteenth century in provincial cities ( e.g .

It does not distinguish between the older Scottish universities , such as Edinburgh and St Andrews , which predate all the English ones except Oxford and Cambridge , and the newer ones , such as Heriot-Watt and Strathclyde , which like the English ex-CATS were upgraded from existing technical institutions , but ones with a more prestigious history .
it does not [differentiate] between the older scottish universities , such as edinburgh and st andrews , which predate all the english ones except oxford and cambridge , and the newer ones , such as heriot-watt and strathclyde , which like the english ex-cats were upgraded from existing technical institutions , but ones with a more prestigious history .

Broadly , one can distinguish five main stages in an individual 's educational life-cycle .
broadly , one can [differentiate] five main stages in an individual 's educational life-cycle .

We can distinguish broadly between the intention of knowing , and the intention of doing , which correspond roughly to the conventional distinction between pure and applied .
we can [differentiate] broadly between the intention of knowing , and the intention of doing , which correspond roughly to the conventional distinction between pure and applied .

But within the arts , and indeed within any one discipline or medium , one can distinguish the ‘ scholarly ’ emphasis on textual and historical accuracy from the more interpretative and responsive ‘ readings ’ , which in turn differ from the active , creative mode of ‘ doing ’ the arts .
but within the arts , and indeed within any one discipline or medium , one can [differentiate] the ‘ scholarly ’ emphasis on textual and historical accuracy from the more interpretative and responsive ‘ readings ’ , which in turn differ from the active , creative mode of ‘ doing ’ the arts .

One can distinguish between cyclical changes , which reflect the buoyancy or depression of the economy , and structural changes , which are longer-term shifts in the pattern of employment .
one can [differentiate] between cyclical changes , which reflect the buoyancy or depression of the economy , and structural changes , which are longer-term shifts in the pattern of employment .

It is not easy to distinguish between high-level cognitive skills and abilities , or between interpersonal skills and personal qualities ; nor one can easily sustain the complete disjunction between curricular content and process implied by the expertise/ability distinction , or the notion of ‘ screening ’ for ability that depends on it .
it is not easy to [differentiate] between high-level cognitive skills and abilities , or between interpersonal skills and personal qualities ; nor one can easily sustain the complete disjunction between curricular content and process implied by the expertise/ability distinction , or the notion of ‘ screening ’ for ability that depends on it .

They are rather general , although some general degrees allow for considerable specialization within them , and one must always distinguish between what is on offer and what the student actually does .
they are rather general , although some general degrees allow for considerable specialization within them , and one must always [differentiate] between what is on offer and what the student actually does .

However , there seem to be four characteristics of practice — of ‘ doing ’ — which tend to distinguish it from theorizing or ‘ knowing ’ .
however , there seem to be four characteristics of practice — of ‘ doing ’ — which tend to [differentiate] it from theorizing or ‘ knowing ’ .

The first assumes that one can distinguish between process and content in a discipline , between methods or procedures on the one hand , and content or information on the other .
the first assumes that one can [differentiate] between process and content in a discipline , between methods or procedures on the one hand , and content or information on the other .

The ability to distinguish between structure and detail , essential and inessential is a function of one 's knowledge of a subject .
the ability to [differentiate] between structure and detail , essential and inessential is a function of one 's knowledge of a subject .

One must distinguish , however , between general degrees , which are defined by their breadth of content , and ordinary or pass degrees , which although sometimes broad , are defined by their level .
one must [differentiate] , however , between general degrees , which are defined by their breadth of content , and ordinary or pass degrees , which although sometimes broad , are defined by their level .

We can distinguish between two kinds of rationale or emphasis in general degree courses : the general and the generic .
we can [differentiate] between two kinds of rationale or emphasis in general degree courses : the general and the generic .

Perhaps one needs to distinguish between different parts of the higher education system in such an argument ; the current system after all comprises not one ( Oxbridge ) tradition but several .
perhaps one needs to [differentiate] between different parts of the higher education system in such an argument ; the current system after all comprises not one ( oxbridge ) tradition but several .

For methodological reasons , it is important to distinguish between this and the socially based interpretation of the results , because if the social factors involved are seen as the motivating principle for the selection and analysis of linguistic variables , the investigators may be accused of biased selectivity and circularity .
for methodological reasons , it is important to [differentiate] between this and the socially based interpretation of the results , because if the social factors involved are seen as the motivating principle for the selection and analysis of linguistic variables , the investigators may be accused of biased selectivity and circularity .

The other aspects of the package were fundamental to the successful development of a high-performance system , and distinguish this approach from previous applications of quality-of-working-life techniques .
the other aspects of the package were fundamental to the successful development of a high-performance system , and [differentiate] this approach from previous applications of quality-of-working-life techniques .

Clearly social representation theorists will need to develop their theoretical framework to distinguish between common sense and social representation .
clearly social representation theorists will need to develop their theoretical framework to [differentiate] between common sense and social representation .

This will be followed by a consideration of the relatively few attempts systematically to distinguish the social properties of the object from those of language as expressive medium .
this will be followed by a consideration of the relatively few attempts systematically to [differentiate] the social properties of the object from those of language as expressive medium .

In a society with a relatively unpronounced division of labour , it may be difficult to distinguish manufacture as a separate arena of social relations which are specifically signified by its products .
in a society with a relatively unpronounced division of labour , it may be difficult to [differentiate] manufacture as a separate arena of social relations which are specifically signified by its products .

In no domain is it as difficult as it is in the matter of function and utility to distinguish the actual place of artefacts in human practices from the particular legitimations and assumptions we have about them .
in no domain is it as difficult as it is in the matter of function and utility to [differentiate] the actual place of artefacts in human practices from the particular legitimations and assumptions we have about them .

Bourdieu 's main original contribution to analyses of education is to distinguish between that which is directly inculcated in the education process and that which is indirectly absorbed .
bourdieu 's main original contribution to analyses of education is to [differentiate] between that which is directly inculcated in the education process and that which is indirectly absorbed .

The idea of a crossroads is a difficult concept to pin down because we have to distinguish between different types of changes .
the idea of a crossroads is a difficult concept to pin down because we have to [differentiate] between different types of changes .

How can we distinguish these major changes from more minor ones ?
how can we [differentiate] these major changes from more minor ones ?

There is no easy , obvious way to distinguish structural from other changes in the abstract , so let us approach the issue from an empirical , historical perspective .
there is no easy , obvious way to [differentiate] structural from other changes in the abstract , so let us approach the issue from an empirical , historical perspective .

We need some way to distinguish such events from the crises that mark structural changes .
we need some way to [differentiate] such events from the crises that mark structural changes .

One possible way to distinguish periods of structural change from others is to view structural change as involving an upheaval and crisis in production and a change in the direction and structure of production .
one possible way to [differentiate] periods of structural change from others is to view structural change as involving an upheaval and crisis in production and a change in the direction and structure of production .

It is impossible to distinguish them as ‘ separate factors ’ .
it is impossible to [differentiate] them as ‘ separate factors ’ .

In reply , the restructuring school , while agreeing that it is important to distinguish long-term and short-term changes , might argue that within any long-term decentralization there have been periods of crucial importance .
in reply , the restructuring school , while agreeing that it is important to [differentiate] long-term and short-term changes , might argue that within any long-term decentralization there have been periods of crucial importance .

Sidestepping the question of definition , they distinguish between four different uses of the term ‘ services ’ .
sidestepping the question of definition , they [differentiate] between four different uses of the term ‘ services ’ .

How to account for restrictions on spending , including the need to distinguish between operating resource inflows and capital inflows .
how to account for restrictions on spending , including the need to [differentiate] between operating resource inflows and capital inflows .

The three broad value orientations affecting leadership and organization that have appeared in western societies during this century form different patterns which distinguish organizations from each other .
the three broad value orientations affecting leadership and organization that have appeared in western societies during this century form different patterns which [differentiate] organizations from each other .

Here , we will distinguish between the basic structure , the matrix organization , the independent project organization , and the venture team .
here , we will [differentiate] between the basic structure , the matrix organization , the independent project organization , and the venture team .

According to Kampfrath ( 1970 ) , one can distinguish between three different situations :
according to kampfrath ( 1970 ) , one can [differentiate] between three different situations :

Moral ambivalence is probably associated with a number of other features which distinguish regulatory misconduct from breaches of the traditional code .
moral ambivalence is probably associated with a number of other features which [differentiate] regulatory misconduct from breaches of the traditional code .

have no common semantic properties which distinguish them from items ( such as chaise , bibliothèque , revue , assiette ) which do not remove the oddness :
have no common semantic properties which [differentiate] them from items ( such as chaise , bibliothèque , revue , assiette ) which do not remove the oddness :

Informants can not , of course , be expected to quantify degrees of abnormality ; but what they can do is distinguish a fully normal sentence from one which is to some degree odd .
informants can not , of course , be expected to quantify degrees of abnormality ; but what they can do is [differentiate] a fully normal sentence from one which is to some degree odd .

These are of course easy to distinguish from idioms ; nonetheless , they do have a kind of semantic cohesion — the constituent elements are , to varying degrees , mutually selective .
these are of course easy to [differentiate] from idioms ; nonetheless , they do have a kind of semantic cohesion — the constituent elements are , to varying degrees , mutually selective .

It seems appropriate to distinguish two kinds of contextual selection , according to whether the selected sense is established or not .
it seems appropriate to [differentiate] two kinds of contextual selection , according to whether the selected sense is established or not .

Among the lexical units which go to make up a lexeme it is possible to distinguish some that are more basic , or central , and others that are less so .
among the lexical units which go to make up a lexeme it is possible to [differentiate] some that are more basic , or central , and others that are less so .

But even among established units we can distinguish grades of centrality .
but even among established units we can [differentiate] grades of centrality .

But we must distinguish between a type of interaction which is precisely regulated by the syntactic structure of the sentence , and a more diffuse type of interaction , not dependent on syntax , but merely on discourse propinquity .
but we must [differentiate] between a type of interaction which is precisely regulated by the syntactic structure of the sentence , and a more diffuse type of interaction , not dependent on syntax , but merely on discourse propinquity .

We must distinguish between hierarchies of the branching type which in particular manifestations happen not to have branches , and hierarchies which can not branch .
we must [differentiate] between hierarchies of the branching type which in particular manifestations happen not to have branches , and hierarchies which can not branch .

It is of course very difficult for the eye to register detail when it is not trained to look for it ; it is only when true students of the Gothic , like the elder Pugin , begin to distinguish the styles of different periods , that the buildings of the past really come into focus in the novel .
it is of course very difficult for the eye to register detail when it is not trained to look for it ; it is only when true students of the gothic , like the elder pugin , begin to [differentiate] the styles of different periods , that the buildings of the past really come into focus in the novel .

By the early 1980s , the concept of educational evaluation was often so interwoven with the concept of accountability that the two were difficult to distinguish ; indeed Nuttall suggests that the distinction may be untenable .
by the early 1980s , the concept of educational evaluation was often so interwoven with the concept of accountability that the two were difficult to [differentiate] ; indeed nuttall suggests that the distinction may be untenable .

This latter view is the one we subscribe to in this book , for although we consider evaluation as a response to , or the process of , accountability , we also consider evaluation in two other contexts , which , unlike Nuttall , we have chosen to distinguish from accountability .
this latter view is the one we subscribe to in this book , for although we consider evaluation as a response to , or the process of , accountability , we also consider evaluation in two other contexts , which , unlike nuttall , we have chosen to [differentiate] from accountability .

In this book we have chosen to distinguish three contexts in which evaluation procedures operate .
in this book we have chosen to [differentiate] three contexts in which evaluation procedures operate .

Salt ways present no special features that distinguish them from other roads and lanes on the map or on the ground .
salt ways present no special features that [differentiate] them from other roads and lanes on the map or on the ground .

By now you are well and truly into the region of the great valleys that run off at right-angles from the watershed , the ‘ Pyrenees of the saves ’ , as geographers have tended to name it , to distinguish it from the configuration of the mountains further east , where the valleys are mostly more orthodox and run cross-ways or parallel with the frontier .
by now you are well and truly into the region of the great valleys that run off at right-angles from the watershed , the ‘ pyrenees of the saves ’ , as geographers have tended to name it , to [differentiate] it from the configuration of the mountains further east , where the valleys are mostly more orthodox and run cross-ways or parallel with the frontier .

Their voices hovered between joy and anguish , as if there was little to distinguish between the two .
their voices hovered between joy and anguish , as if there was little to [differentiate] between the two .

Employers in all three sectors distinguish their seasonal workers from their regular workers in a number of ways .
employers in all three sectors [differentiate] their seasonal workers from their regular workers in a number of ways .

The islanders of course do not share our Western compulsion to distinguish ourselves , the rational `` observers `` , from the rest of nature .
the islanders of course do not share our western compulsion to [differentiate] ourselves , the rational `` observers `` , from the rest of nature .

The colours are bright and are called fluorescent to distinguish them from the normal opaque colours in the usual felt-tip pens .
the colours are bright and are called fluorescent to [differentiate] them from the normal opaque colours in the usual felt-tip pens .

The slightest vibration of the surface is detected by the antenna , and the whirligig can distinguish between its own ripples and the myriad ripples produced by other whirligigs .
the slightest vibration of the surface is detected by the antenna , and the whirligig can [differentiate] between its own ripples and the myriad ripples produced by other whirligigs .

Sensitive only to the difference between the light sky and the dark ground , and unable to distinguish distracting detail , the simple eyes are marvellous flight aids , helping the dragonfly maintain a level course .
sensitive only to the difference between the light sky and the dark ground , and unable to [differentiate] distracting detail , the simple eyes are marvellous flight aids , helping the dragonfly maintain a level course .

In bright light we can distinguish 60 images per second .
in bright light we can [differentiate] 60 images per second .

Only the cones can distinguish between different wavelengths and so provide the brain with the information necessary to colour the scene .
only the cones can [differentiate] between different wavelengths and so provide the brain with the information necessary to colour the scene .

For example , it was said that bulls could not distinguish the red of a matador 's cloak , but recent studies have shown that cattle can detect colours to a certain extent .
for example , it was said that bulls could not [differentiate] the red of a matador 's cloak , but recent studies have shown that cattle can detect colours to a certain extent .

We can distinguish between very similar sounds , such as the ringing of an alarm , a doorbell and a telephone , and can accurately locate the sources of these sounds .
we can [differentiate] between very similar sounds , such as the ringing of an alarm , a doorbell and a telephone , and can accurately locate the sources of these sounds .

The bloodhound can distinguish between the trails of different people .
the bloodhound can [differentiate] between the trails of different people .

Three-quarters were able to distinguish between the T-shirts and pick out the one with their body scent on .
three-quarters were able to [differentiate] between the t-shirts and pick out the one with their body scent on .

When tested with a sugar solution resembling nectar , bees were able to distinguish up to nine separate meal times .
when tested with a sugar solution resembling nectar , bees were able to [differentiate] up to nine separate meal times .

An animal 's pace of life is known as its rate of physiological time to distinguish it from the natural rhythms of time which all animals share .
an animal 's pace of life is known as its rate of physiological time to [differentiate] it from the natural rhythms of time which all animals share .

Let us distinguish two cases .
let us [differentiate] two cases .

But all these , under the Definition Order , were to be `` treated as Soviet Nationals `` This clearly indicates that the primary and overriding purpose of the Definition Order was simply to distinguish between the various groups on a formation level .
but all these , under the definition order , were to be `` treated as soviet nationals `` this clearly indicates that the primary and overriding purpose of the definition order was simply to [differentiate] between the various groups on a formation level .

Distinguish between amounts receivable for services as directors and other amounts receivable for management of the company .
[differentiate] between amounts receivable for services as directors and other amounts receivable for management of the company .

It is possible that a failure to distinguish between the two sexes can explain the lack of agreement .
it is possible that a failure to [differentiate] between the two sexes can explain the lack of agreement .

In the short review which follows no particular effort has been made to distinguish between the results obtained with different classes of response measure ( accuracy or reaction time ) as the findings , by and large , are consistent with each other .
in the short review which follows no particular effort has been made to [differentiate] between the results obtained with different classes of response measure ( accuracy or reaction time ) as the findings , by and large , are consistent with each other .

Thus information processing models at their most simple distinguish between three distinct stages : registration , coding and retrieval .
thus information processing models at their most simple [differentiate] between three distinct stages : registration , coding and retrieval .

It may be helpful at this point to distinguish between two possible sources of interference between concurrent tasks .
it may be helpful at this point to [differentiate] between two possible sources of interference between concurrent tasks .

This is often called visual search or simply search , to distinguish it from fast forward , when you do n't see the picture .
this is often called visual search or simply search , to [differentiate] it from fast forward , when you do n't see the picture .

Your own historical writing and thinking will be expected to distinguish between fact and interpretation and between statements of a descriptive rather than an analytical kind .
your own historical writing and thinking will be expected to [differentiate] between fact and interpretation and between statements of a descriptive rather than an analytical kind .

It is important therefore that you learn to distinguish between different kinds of historical writings , since these will be your major source of information about the modern period .
it is important therefore that you learn to [differentiate] between different kinds of historical writings , since these will be your major source of information about the modern period .

Learn to distinguish between the main point of the history book and the main point of your reading-they may not necessarily be the same thing .
learn to [differentiate] between the main point of the history book and the main point of your reading-they may not necessarily be the same thing .

Clearly distinguish between primary and secondary sources , and between the different types of history books .
clearly [differentiate] between primary and secondary sources , and between the different types of history books .

and distinguish these from ( a ) subordinate ideas and ( b ) supporting or illustrative information .
and [differentiate] these from ( a ) subordinate ideas and ( b ) supporting or illustrative information .

Through language they distinguish between different types of objects , events , actions and people .
through language they [differentiate] between different types of objects , events , actions and people .

They will share a similar life style which to some degree will distinguish them from members of other social strata .
they will share a similar life style which to some degree will [differentiate] them from members of other social strata .

Official government statistics distinguish between socio-economic groups , which it is claimed , bring together ‘ people with jobs with similar social and economic status ’ .
official government statistics [differentiate] between socio-economic groups , which it is claimed , bring together ‘ people with jobs with similar social and economic status ’ .

Official statistics distinguish between marketable wealth and non-marketable wealth .
official statistics [differentiate] between marketable wealth and non-marketable wealth .

They fail to distinguish between wealth used to finance production and wealth used to finance consumption .
they fail to [differentiate] between wealth used to finance production and wealth used to finance consumption .

If the distinction between manual and non-manual labour is used to distinguish the middle class , then as an earlier section indicated , it is a growing sector of capitalist industrial societies such as Britain .
if the distinction between manual and non-manual labour is used to [differentiate] the middle class , then as an earlier section indicated , it is a growing sector of capitalist industrial societies such as britain .

Often Marxist and neo-Marxist sociologists try to distinguish classes according to their role within the economic system , while Weberians are more likely to analyse class in terms of the market situation of particular occupational groups .
often marxist and neo-marxist sociologists try to [differentiate] classes according to their role within the economic system , while weberians are more likely to analyse class in terms of the market situation of particular occupational groups .

Some sociologists distinguish between different strata of the upper middle class identifying , for example , higher professionals , lower professionals , and managers as separate groups .
some sociologists [differentiate] between different strata of the upper middle class identifying , for example , higher professionals , lower professionals , and managers as separate groups .

Lockwood did not follow Weber in identifying an upper class based on the ownership of property ; he did , though , use a Weberian approach to distinguish between different groups of employees .
lockwood did not follow weber in identifying an upper class based on the ownership of property ; he did , though , use a weberian approach to [differentiate] between different groups of employees .

It is possible , for example , to distinguish between two types of population decline in an area such as mid-Wales .
it is possible , for example , to [differentiate] between two types of population decline in an area such as mid-wales .

In many districts it is impossible to distinguish exactly the contribution of winter-lets to homelessness , but they must add a considerable degree of uncertainty to housing demand in any given rural location , particularly in attractive holiday areas .
in many districts it is impossible to [differentiate] exactly the contribution of winter-lets to homelessness , but they must add a considerable degree of uncertainty to housing demand in any given rural location , particularly in attractive holiday areas .

An innovative attempt to distinguish between the more objectionable forms of cheque-book journalism and the literature which makes a significant contribution to the culture or contributes to the prevention of crime or the rehabilitation of offenders is being made in Victoria , Australia , where the Crimes ( Confiscation of Profits ) Amendment Act 1991 ( Vic . )
an innovative attempt to [differentiate] between the more objectionable forms of cheque-book journalism and the literature which makes a significant contribution to the culture or contributes to the prevention of crime or the rehabilitation of offenders is being made in victoria , australia , where the crimes ( confiscation of profits ) amendment act 1991 ( vic . )

While the adults distinguish between particular predator species within a class and only call to species that are likely to give them trouble , the young vervets give leopard alarm calls in response to a wide variety of terrestrial mammals , the eagle calls in response to a great many different birds and snake alarm calls in response to long thin objects , many of which are not snakes .
while the adults [differentiate] between particular predator species within a class and only call to species that are likely to give them trouble , the young vervets give leopard alarm calls in response to a wide variety of terrestrial mammals , the eagle calls in response to a great many different birds and snake alarm calls in response to long thin objects , many of which are not snakes .

One could distinguish , for instance , the rift song ( Led Zeppelin 's ‘ Whole Lotta Love ’ ) ; the call-and-response or antiphonal song ( the Who 's ‘ My Generation ’ ) ; the tension/release song , built on an alternation of narrative or repetition and lyrical release ( from Elvis Presley 's ‘ Jailhouse Rock ’ to the Rolling Stones ' ‘ Satisfaction ’ , ‘ Sympathy for the Devil ’ , ‘ Jumpin ' Jack Flash ’ , and many others ) ; and a revival of its close relative , the verse-and-refrain song form ( probably derived from ‘ folk ’ traditions : many of Bob Dylan 's songs are classic examples ) Altogether , then , at this macro-structural level it is certainly true that almost all popular music works within the sphere of the known .
one could [differentiate] , for instance , the rift song ( led zeppelin 's ‘ whole lotta love ’ ) ; the call-and-response or antiphonal song ( the who 's ‘ my generation ’ ) ; the tension/release song , built on an alternation of narrative or repetition and lyrical release ( from elvis presley 's ‘ jailhouse rock ’ to the rolling stones ' ‘ satisfaction ’ , ‘ sympathy for the devil ’ , ‘ jumpin ' jack flash ’ , and many others ) ; and a revival of its close relative , the verse-and-refrain song form ( probably derived from ‘ folk ’ traditions : many of bob dylan 's songs are classic examples ) altogether , then , at this macro-structural level it is certainly true that almost all popular music works within the sphere of the known .

The problem of tracing the invention of enamel is made more difficult by failing to distinguish it more certainly from glass .
the problem of tracing the invention of enamel is made more difficult by failing to [differentiate] it more certainly from glass .

This is one way of describing the situation ; we prefer however to distinguish between the Justice Model outlined in the previous section and a different movement which shares only part of the Justice Model agenda : the ideology of ‘ law and order ’ we discussed in the first chapter .
this is one way of describing the situation ; we prefer however to [differentiate] between the justice model outlined in the previous section and a different movement which shares only part of the justice model agenda : the ideology of ‘ law and order ’ we discussed in the first chapter .

Weber went on to distinguish three types of legitimate authority : traditional authority , charismatic authority and ‘ legal authority ’ .
weber went on to [differentiate] three types of legitimate authority : traditional authority , charismatic authority and ‘ legal authority ’ .

So it would be as well to distinguish clearly in our minds between the historical crime book that is pastiche and the book that is an attempt to portray some distant time through a crime story .
so it would be as well to [differentiate] clearly in our minds between the historical crime book that is pastiche and the book that is an attempt to portray some distant time through a crime story .

If the pilot 's warning had not prepared him to recognise them , Rostov would have been unable to distinguish the Simonova 's reception party from the deckhands working around them .
if the pilot 's warning had not prepared him to recognise them , rostov would have been unable to [differentiate] the simonova 's reception party from the deckhands working around them .

’ This serves to distinguish it quite fundamentally from nuisance .
’ this serves to [differentiate] it quite fundamentally from nuisance .

Of course it is often possible to distinguish ‘ strong ’ and ‘ weak ’ ministers ; but it must not be forgotten that the comparatively temporary incumbent of the top position of a large organization may be just lucky or unlucky — in arriving when key advisers are likely to agree that exciting innovations are necessary , or conversely in finding that the consolidation of existing policies , or the confronting of unpleasant realities , is more important than the policy changes he or she cherishes .
of course it is often possible to [differentiate] ‘ strong ’ and ‘ weak ’ ministers ; but it must not be forgotten that the comparatively temporary incumbent of the top position of a large organization may be just lucky or unlucky — in arriving when key advisers are likely to agree that exciting innovations are necessary , or conversely in finding that the consolidation of existing policies , or the confronting of unpleasant realities , is more important than the policy changes he or she cherishes .

The National Assistance Act seemed to turn its back on this doctrines yet it failed to jettison the view entirely and it failed to provide financial resources sufficient to enable the Board to avoid having to distinguish between the claims made by applicants , particularly as regards their more unusual needs .
the national assistance act seemed to turn its back on this doctrines yet it failed to jettison the view entirely and it failed to provide financial resources sufficient to enable the board to avoid having to [differentiate] between the claims made by applicants , particularly as regards their more unusual needs .

It is possible to some degree to distinguish between those implementation issues that arise essentially from the ‘ distance ’ between what we may describe as ‘ centre ’ and ‘ periphery ’ and those that are facets of other aspects of relationships within complex organizations .
it is possible to some degree to [differentiate] between those implementation issues that arise essentially from the ‘ distance ’ between what we may describe as ‘ centre ’ and ‘ periphery ’ and those that are facets of other aspects of relationships within complex organizations .

Two of the three ‘ motives ’ outlined above are of special importance to the study of implementation , since the removal of some aspects of policy making from direct political influence and deference to special interests both introduce complications that make it particularly difficult to distinguish policy making from implementation .
two of the three ‘ motives ’ outlined above are of special importance to the study of implementation , since the removal of some aspects of policy making from direct political influence and deference to special interests both introduce complications that make it particularly difficult to [differentiate] policy making from implementation .

Secondly , it is not possible to distinguish in the aggregate figures either those married women who are not entitled to pensions until their husbands reach the age of 65 or those aged 60–4 whose husbands do not appear in the statistics .
secondly , it is not possible to [differentiate] in the aggregate figures either those married women who are not entitled to pensions until their husbands reach the age of 65 or those aged 60–4 whose husbands do not appear in the statistics .

If it is difficult to distinguish precisely the living standards of older women in official statistics , it is impossible to say anything at all about the position of older Black women ( or men for that matter ) .
if it is difficult to [differentiate] precisely the living standards of older women in official statistics , it is impossible to say anything at all about the position of older black women ( or men for that matter ) .

The commissioners recommended in a report last July that Elly Jansen , its founder , resign as a trustee after concerns that she had failed to distinguish between her own and the charity 's finances .
the commissioners recommended in a report last july that elly jansen , its founder , resign as a trustee after concerns that she had failed to [differentiate] between her own and the charity 's finances .

Social work has also failed to distinguish between service features ( the assessment aspect of care management ) and the benefits ( the care package ) .
social work has also failed to [differentiate] between service features ( the assessment aspect of care management ) and the benefits ( the care package ) .

There are elements which distinguish social services , and are at the core of the way many social workers operate .
there are elements which [differentiate] social services , and are at the core of the way many social workers operate .

Factors that predispose to epilepsy — for example , birth asphyxia , head injury — can help distinguish psychiatric illness from complex partial seizures .
factors that predispose to epilepsy — for example , birth asphyxia , head injury — can help [differentiate] psychiatric illness from complex partial seizures .

In practice , it is difficult for even trained rescuers to distinguish between a primary cardiac arrest and a collapse secondary to airway and breathing causes .
in practice , it is difficult for even trained rescuers to [differentiate] between a primary cardiac arrest and a collapse secondary to airway and breathing causes .

Such measurements , particularly if they show acidosis , may be valuable not only as an indicator of the severity of the event but also to help distinguish between fabricated events and suffocation in those patients in whom child abuse is the cause .
such measurements , particularly if they show acidosis , may be valuable not only as an indicator of the severity of the event but also to help [differentiate] between fabricated events and suffocation in those patients in whom child abuse is the cause .

We believe that much of the confusion surrounding the current debate on allocation of resources results from a failure to distinguish between assessing need ( a technical question ) and setting priorities ( a judgmental question ) .
we believe that much of the confusion surrounding the current debate on allocation of resources results from a failure to [differentiate] between assessing need ( a technical question ) and setting priorities ( a judgmental question ) .

Above all , it is to fail to distinguish between the `` ideological source of content `` and the `` artistic transformation of content `` .
above all , it is to fail to [differentiate] between the `` ideological source of content `` and the `` artistic transformation of content `` .

The answer fails to distinguish between being , on the one hand , uninformed and , on the other hand , aware of enough knowledge to conclude that the question can not be answered .
the answer fails to [differentiate] between being , on the one hand , uninformed and , on the other hand , aware of enough knowledge to conclude that the question can not be answered .

The misunderstanding that good medicine and good science are in conflict ( or worse , that there is a clash between compassion and science ) may arise from a failure to distinguish medical trials from human biological research that is neither preventive nor therapeutic .
the misunderstanding that good medicine and good science are in conflict ( or worse , that there is a clash between compassion and science ) may arise from a failure to [differentiate] medical trials from human biological research that is neither preventive nor therapeutic .

The ensuing symptoms are often difficult to distinguish from those of an acute attack of asthma .
the ensuing symptoms are often difficult to [differentiate] from those of an acute attack of asthma .

’ The objective defined in 1858 was to enable ‘ persons requiring medical aid … to distinguish qualified from unqualified practitioners ’ and we need only read some early issues of the Lancet to learn that the medical register was regarded at the time as a list of doctors who set themselves higher standards than the multitude of quacks who then preyed on the sick .
’ the objective defined in 1858 was to enable ‘ persons requiring medical aid … to [differentiate] qualified from unqualified practitioners ’ and we need only read some early issues of the lancet to learn that the medical register was regarded at the time as a list of doctors who set themselves higher standards than the multitude of quacks who then preyed on the sick .

Is it plausible that birth weight and weight four days after birth can be used to distinguish the effects of fetal and postnatal growth on blood pressure ?
is it plausible that birth weight and weight four days after birth can be used to [differentiate] the effects of fetal and postnatal growth on blood pressure ?

We distinguish between fact and fiction but there is , it would seem , precious little that we can say about this distinction beyond asserting it .
we [differentiate] between fact and fiction but there is , it would seem , precious little that we can say about this distinction beyond asserting it .

He might not be able to tell with complete certainty which is which , but he can still numerically distinguish them , and , if he so chooses , name them again .
he might not be able to tell with complete certainty which is which , but he can still numerically [differentiate] them , and , if he so chooses , name them again .

Above all , what needs to be explained is how we distinguish between places in a phenomenological space and places in an objective space .
above all , what needs to be explained is how we [differentiate] between places in a phenomenological space and places in an objective space .

Thus the principle of indiscernibles now seems to reduce to the thesis that if there were duplicate monads and duplicate worlds , we ourselves , relying on our own cognitive resources , would not be in a position to distinguish them .
thus the principle of indiscernibles now seems to reduce to the thesis that if there were duplicate monads and duplicate worlds , we ourselves , relying on our own cognitive resources , would not be in a position to [differentiate] them .

Leibniz was quite right , of course , to reject the view that a sufficient criterion of numerical identity of things can be defined in terms of the conditions under which we distinguish between their respective positions in space , but he himself had no better explanation to offer .
leibniz was quite right , of course , to reject the view that a sufficient criterion of numerical identity of things can be defined in terms of the conditions under which we [differentiate] between their respective positions in space , but he himself had no better explanation to offer .

Thus the gist of Spinoza 's argument , for example , is that whereas in ordinary circumstances we may indeed find it useful and necessary to distinguish between essential and accidental properties , metaphysically such a distinction can not be upheld .
thus the gist of spinoza 's argument , for example , is that whereas in ordinary circumstances we may indeed find it useful and necessary to [differentiate] between essential and accidental properties , metaphysically such a distinction can not be upheld .

We do not distinguish experiences from non-experiences as we might distinguish oranges from apples , viz .
we do not [differentiate] experiences from non-experiences as we might [differentiate] oranges from apples , viz .

Although symptoms may give some guide to the severity of the incontinence , they do not distinguish absolutely between genuine stress incontinence and detrusor instability .
although symptoms may give some guide to the severity of the incontinence , they do not [differentiate] absolutely between genuine stress incontinence and detrusor instability .

We wanted to distinguish the possible effects of birth weight and gestational age on lung function and respiratory illness as this approach could provide clues for the differing role of environment in utero and level of maturation .
we wanted to [differentiate] the possible effects of birth weight and gestational age on lung function and respiratory illness as this approach could provide clues for the differing role of environment in utero and level of maturation .

Perhaps it would be wiser to concentrate research on the development of non-invasive biological markers to distinguish rapidly progressive from slowly progressive tumours as well as on the development of less invasive ( for example , endocrine ) treatment .
perhaps it would be wiser to concentrate research on the development of non-invasive biological markers to [differentiate] rapidly progressive from slowly progressive tumours as well as on the development of less invasive ( for example , endocrine ) treatment .

Archaeologists might be able to distinguish between them , but without other evidence , such as inscriptions or historical documents , the axes will not reveal their differing social roles .
archaeologists might be able to [differentiate] between them , but without other evidence , such as inscriptions or historical documents , the axes will not reveal their differing social roles .

Everyday language does not carry labels to distinguish scientific talk from other forms of talk .
everyday language does not carry labels to [differentiate] scientific talk from other forms of talk .

Most babies distinguish reliably between their parents and others during the first six months of life , and so already know that human beings vary .
most babies [differentiate] reliably between their parents and others during the first six months of life , and so already know that human beings vary .

However , we need to distinguish between elaborations of statements of attainment which permit a diversity of learning routes and those which do not .
however , we need to [differentiate] between elaborations of statements of attainment which permit a diversity of learning routes and those which do not .

The concept which has proved most fruitful in considering the nature and origins of contemporary capitalism in relation to the two Tyneside locales , is that provided by the contrast between organized and disorganized capitalism as discussed by Lash and Urry ( 1987 ) , who distinguish between them in terms of a 14-point schemata .
the concept which has proved most fruitful in considering the nature and origins of contemporary capitalism in relation to the two tyneside locales , is that provided by the contrast between organized and disorganized capitalism as discussed by lash and urry ( 1987 ) , who [differentiate] between them in terms of a 14-point schemata .

We can almost distinguish between a cultural set constructed around employment and wages for all adult members of the household ( which raises questions about the general applicability of Offe 's , 1984 , earlier quoted remark about the lessening importance of wages in relation to the determination of existence ) and another constructed around benefit dependency .
we can almost [differentiate] between a cultural set constructed around employment and wages for all adult members of the household ( which raises questions about the general applicability of offe 's , 1984 , earlier quoted remark about the lessening importance of wages in relation to the determination of existence ) and another constructed around benefit dependency .

We can , therefore , distinguish the employment policies of the head office of a large firm from the activities of local personnel managers , the stand taken by unions from the racism of union branches , or the declaration of senior police officers from the practices of the individual junior officer .
we can , therefore , [differentiate] the employment policies of the head office of a large firm from the activities of local personnel managers , the stand taken by unions from the racism of union branches , or the declaration of senior police officers from the practices of the individual junior officer .

The conditions are designed to distinguish cases involving issues of supervision from those involving issues of review .
the conditions are designed to [differentiate] cases involving issues of supervision from those involving issues of review .

It is not easy to distinguish between the first and the second categories : Reynolds could well have belonged to both .
it is not easy to [differentiate] between the first and the second categories : reynolds could well have belonged to both .

We can distinguish sceptical arguments which , although they attempt to deprive us of knowledge ( or even of justified belief ) still allow that we understand the propositions whose truth we are no longer allowed to know , from those which claim that the reason why we do n't know their truth is that we can not understand them .
we can [differentiate] sceptical arguments which , although they attempt to deprive us of knowledge ( or even of justified belief ) still allow that we understand the propositions whose truth we are no longer allowed to know , from those which claim that the reason why we do n't know their truth is that we can not understand them .

An important preliminary task is to distinguish the principle of closure , which is false , from the following much more reliable instance of modus ponens :
an important preliminary task is to [differentiate] the principle of closure , which is false , from the following much more reliable instance of modus ponens :

We must distinguish the belief that a speaker has about the words he is using from the belief that he is using those words to express .
we must [differentiate] the belief that a speaker has about the words he is using from the belief that he is using those words to express .

How did you distinguish between them ?
how did you [differentiate] between them ?

In the chart which follows the list , distinguish each directive act by ticking the felicity conditions which apply to it .
in the chart which follows the list , [differentiate] each directive act by ticking the felicity conditions which apply to it .

How do human beings distinguish which of the many elements of the context are relevant ?
how do human beings [differentiate] which of the many elements of the context are relevant ?

As a preliminary we shall begin to examine the problem of how different kinds of discourse can be categorized , and the parameters which are best used to distinguish them .
as a preliminary we shall begin to examine the problem of how different kinds of discourse can be categorized , and the parameters which are best used to [differentiate] them .

In discourse analysis it has been fairly common to distinguish between two fundamental types of discourse : reciprocal and non-reciprocal .
in discourse analysis it has been fairly common to [differentiate] between two fundamental types of discourse : reciprocal and non-reciprocal .

Speech act theory , by attempting to single out the pieces of shared knowledge which enable us to interpret the function of what is said , also assumes that we can distinguish which factors in the situation are relevant , but again it does nothing to explain how we distinguish the relevant from the irrelevant .
speech act theory , by attempting to single out the pieces of shared knowledge which enable us to interpret the function of what is said , also assumes that we can [differentiate] which factors in the situation are relevant , but again it does nothing to explain how we [differentiate] the relevant from the irrelevant .

As we have already said , it is not always necessary to know very much about the individual identity of the sender or receiver , but only certain general facts about his or her social relation to us . Sociologists distinguish three factors in social relationship :
as we have already said , it is not always necessary to know very much about the individual identity of the sender or receiver , but only certain general facts about his or her social relation to us . sociologists [differentiate] three factors in social relationship :

We should also be careful to distinguish between overt formal parts , which may well be labelled or explicitly stated in the original , and parts which discourse senders and receivers orientate to but do not label .
we should also be careful to [differentiate] between overt formal parts , which may well be labelled or explicitly stated in the original , and parts which discourse senders and receivers orientate to but do not label .

In an attempt to distinguish their notion of topic from the grammarians ' sentential topic , Keenan & Schieffelin ( 1976 ) used the term discourse topic .
in an attempt to [differentiate] their notion of topic from the grammarians ' sentential topic , keenan & schieffelin ( 1976 ) used the term discourse topic .

After all , we would like to distinguish between adverbials which indicate a connection between one sentence and the next and those adverbials used to link a set of sentences to another set .
after all , we would like to [differentiate] between adverbials which indicate a connection between one sentence and the next and those adverbials used to link a set of sentences to another set .

Some species of birds have developed the ability to distinguish between model and mimic and will feed on the imposters .
some species of birds have developed the ability to [differentiate] between model and mimic and will feed on the imposters .

At this stage , it is important to distinguish between a variety of different types of ‘ objective ’ , or ‘ strategy ’ , or ‘ intention ’ , or ‘ role ’ for advertising .
at this stage , it is important to [differentiate] between a variety of different types of ‘ objective ’ , or ‘ strategy ’ , or ‘ intention ’ , or ‘ role ’ for advertising .

Besides , from the pallor of his fat cheeks , those nails bitten to the quick , the splodge of oil on his trouser-leg and the button missing from his tunic , it was easy to distinguish to which class the man belonged .
besides , from the pallor of his fat cheeks , those nails bitten to the quick , the splodge of oil on his trouser-leg and the button missing from his tunic , it was easy to [differentiate] to which class the man belonged .

Everyone accepted that the jurisdiction existed in both cases , and there was never any necessity until the present day to distinguish between the two types of jurisdiction .
everyone accepted that the jurisdiction existed in both cases , and there was never any necessity until the present day to [differentiate] between the two types of jurisdiction .

In evaluating these arguments it is relevant to distinguish between regimes that have been the constitutional and established government of a state and a regime which is seeking to achieve that position either displacing a former government or to fill a vacuum .
in evaluating these arguments it is relevant to [differentiate] between regimes that have been the constitutional and established government of a state and a regime which is seeking to achieve that position either displacing a former government or to fill a vacuum .

‘ But it is clearly necessary to distinguish between , on the one hand , cases in which a wife , alive to the nature and effect of the obligation she is undertaking , is procured to become her husband 's surety by the assertion by him upon her of undue influence , affirmatively established , and on the other hand , cases where she does not understand the effect of the document or the nature of the transaction of suretyship .
‘ but it is clearly necessary to [differentiate] between , on the one hand , cases in which a wife , alive to the nature and effect of the obligation she is undertaking , is procured to become her husband 's surety by the assertion by him upon her of undue influence , affirmatively established , and on the other hand , cases where she does not understand the effect of the document or the nature of the transaction of suretyship .

In my judgment , the expression , special to section 10 ( 4 ) , that time runs from service of the demand or when it becomes operative , is intended to distinguish summary proceedings from other proceedings .
in my judgment , the expression , special to section 10 ( 4 ) , that time runs from service of the demand or when it becomes operative , is intended to [differentiate] summary proceedings from other proceedings .

The prime minister began to talk to the ayatollahs about the need to distinguish between global politics and religion , .
the prime minister began to talk to the ayatollahs about the need to [differentiate] between global politics and religion , .

Try to tune your ear so that it can distinguish between noises heard in your headphones .
try to tune your ear so that it can [differentiate] between noises heard in your headphones .

So an animal needs to distinguish between a dangerous predator on the lookout for a meal , and a harmless one just passing by .
so an animal needs to [differentiate] between a dangerous predator on the lookout for a meal , and a harmless one just passing by .

Apart from following general rules to distinguish more threatening predators , it may also be useful for an animal to learn to recognise particularly dangerous individual predators .
apart from following general rules to [differentiate] more threatening predators , it may also be useful for an animal to learn to recognise particularly dangerous individual predators .

These are simply the reactions of a fearful public , generally uninformed on the nature of addictive disease and unable to distinguish between the disease and the sufferer .
these are simply the reactions of a fearful public , generally uninformed on the nature of addictive disease and unable to [differentiate] between the disease and the sufferer .

This is because our semantic model ( chosen because it expresses the weakest equivalence required for most practical correctness issues ) does not distinguish between processes on the grounds of what communications can be observed after the refusal of specific sets .
this is because our semantic model ( chosen because it expresses the weakest equivalence required for most practical correctness issues ) does not [differentiate] between processes on the grounds of what communications can be observed after the refusal of specific sets .

Theologians often distinguish between God as he is in himself , and God as he has revealed himself to us .
theologians often [differentiate] between god as he is in himself , and god as he has revealed himself to us .

It was impossible to detect in the dried slough a darker hair which might have come from Lorrimer 's head , or with the naked eye to distinguish his blood .
it was impossible to detect in the dried slough a darker hair which might have come from lorrimer 's head , or with the naked eye to [differentiate] his blood .

Planners will distinguish between forecasts that are planning assumptions , and those that are future expectations .
planners will [differentiate] between forecasts that are planning assumptions , and those that are future expectations .

But a system which could be carried in aircraft for use against submarines ( and distinguish periscopes against the water ) had to be small .
but a system which could be carried in aircraft for use against submarines ( and [differentiate] periscopes against the water ) had to be small .

Bernet Kempers has shown , for instance , that one can distinguish between Clemens 's motets for solo voices and those which are genuinely choral .
bernet kempers has shown , for instance , that one can [differentiate] between clemens 's motets for solo voices and those which are genuinely choral .

No black on wings and no long trailing legs distinguish them from all other large white birds in flight .
no black on wings and no long trailing legs [differentiate] them from all other large white birds in flight .

Long curved bill and legs projecting beyond tail distinguish them at once from otherwise not dissimilar immature gulls in flight .
long curved bill and legs projecting beyond tail [differentiate] them at once from otherwise not dissimilar immature gulls in flight .

One must distinguish between where the bulk of corporate investment must be placed and the location of SBUs on the matrix .
one must [differentiate] between where the bulk of corporate investment must be placed and the location of sbus on the matrix .

Porter argues that it is also important to distinguish between experience-curve ( learning-by-doing ) effects and reduction of costs through economies of scale , i.e .
porter argues that it is also important to [differentiate] between experience-curve ( learning-by-doing ) effects and reduction of costs through economies of scale , i.e .

The discussion in this chapter so far has addressed cost reduction in general without trying to distinguish between the ability to become more efficient through productivity increases and the ability to improve the relationship between input and output prices .
the discussion in this chapter so far has addressed cost reduction in general without trying to [differentiate] between the ability to become more efficient through productivity increases and the ability to improve the relationship between input and output prices .

The field of art and design education represents a very broad spectrum of study and as far as it is possible to distinguish between ‘ art ’ and ‘ design ’ the former is generally used to denote painting and sculpture and the latter is concerned with the production of graphic material , three-dimensional or textile/fashion artefacts by hand or machine processing .
the field of art and design education represents a very broad spectrum of study and as far as it is possible to [differentiate] between ‘ art ’ and ‘ design ’ the former is generally used to denote painting and sculpture and the latter is concerned with the production of graphic material , three-dimensional or textile/fashion artefacts by hand or machine processing .

We should distinguish learning from ‘ maturation ’ .
we should [differentiate] learning from ‘ maturation ’ .

He also suggested a method to distinguish to which category any given behaviour pattern belonged ; this was the isolation experiment .
he also suggested a method to [differentiate] to which category any given behaviour pattern belonged ; this was the isolation experiment .

We might distinguish three possible answers .
we might [differentiate] three possible answers .

The problem for the hungry animal is to distinguish the former from the latter , and only to put the edible things in its mouth .
the problem for the hungry animal is to [differentiate] the former from the latter , and only to put the edible things in its mouth .

It is easy to see that the simple recognition system of the toad would be utterly inadequate for an animal that must be able to distinguish between a large number of potentially edible objects .
it is easy to see that the simple recognition system of the toad would be utterly inadequate for an animal that must be able to [differentiate] between a large number of potentially edible objects .

The bird 's problem then is to distinguish sickening from edible prey .
the bird 's problem then is to [differentiate] sickening from edible prey .

With this kind of warfare going on between nests , the ants need to be able to distinguish their own nestmates from members of other nests .
with this kind of warfare going on between nests , the ants need to be able to [differentiate] their own nestmates from members of other nests .

‘ By saying that the documentary needed to face up to the frauds , if only to distinguish them from sincere practitioners . ’
‘ by saying that the documentary needed to face up to the frauds , if only to [differentiate] them from sincere practitioners . ’

Applied to the artists showing at Brussels , the term could have no very definite meaning , and Apollinaire found it hard to identify many specific characteristics shared by the painters , or even to distinguish Cubism from Fauvism : ‘ One feature unites them , for if the principal merit of the painters who have been called the Fauves was the return to fundamental principles as far as colour and composition are concerned , the Cubists , in order to extend yet further the province of an art thus renewed , have sought to return to basic principles of drawing and inspiration .
applied to the artists showing at brussels , the term could have no very definite meaning , and apollinaire found it hard to identify many specific characteristics shared by the painters , or even to [differentiate] cubism from fauvism : ‘ one feature unites them , for if the principal merit of the painters who have been called the fauves was the return to fundamental principles as far as colour and composition are concerned , the cubists , in order to extend yet further the province of an art thus renewed , have sought to return to basic principles of drawing and inspiration .

Emphasizing the intellectual approach , Hourcade was the first of the many writers to relate Cubist painting to Kantian aesthetics , and in one of his articles includes a quotation from Schopenhauer : ‘ Kant 's greatest service was to distinguish between the appearance of a thing and the thing in itself , and he showed that our intelligence stands between the thing and us .
emphasizing the intellectual approach , hourcade was the first of the many writers to relate cubist painting to kantian aesthetics , and in one of his articles includes a quotation from schopenhauer : ‘ kant 's greatest service was to [differentiate] between the appearance of a thing and the thing in itself , and he showed that our intelligence stands between the thing and us .

To the end of his life Picasso himself did not bother to distinguish between African and Oceanic art , although he must have been aware of distinctions between the two during his contacts with the Surrealists in the 1920s , for they tended to prefer and extol the ‘ marvellous ’ properties of the latter .
to the end of his life picasso himself did not bother to [differentiate] between african and oceanic art , although he must have been aware of distinctions between the two during his contacts with the surrealists in the 1920s , for they tended to prefer and extol the ‘ marvellous ’ properties of the latter .

This partial detachment from natural appearances , which has already been seen in the landscapes of Picasso and Braque of 1908 , is one of the factors that distinguish most clearly their approach from that of Cézanne and other nineteenth-century artists , and even from the Fauves , whose vision , with the occasional exception of Matisse , despite the liberties they took with their subjects , was still conditioned by their instantaneous reactions to their surroundings .
this partial detachment from natural appearances , which has already been seen in the landscapes of picasso and braque of 1908 , is one of the factors that [differentiate] most clearly their approach from that of cézanne and other nineteenth-century artists , and even from the fauves , whose vision , with the occasional exception of matisse , despite the liberties they took with their subjects , was still conditioned by their instantaneous reactions to their surroundings .

What the preliminary or collateral fact doctrine seeks to do is to distinguish those elements within the bracket which can be regarded as conditioning the power of the tribunal to go on and consider the merits from the merits themselves .
what the preliminary or collateral fact doctrine seeks to do is to [differentiate] those elements within the bracket which can be regarded as conditioning the power of the tribunal to go on and consider the merits from the merits themselves .

It may well be the case that the courts feel less inclined to intervene in relation to matters which are purely factual , but the juridical basis of intervention was never premised upon the need to distinguish between law and fact .
it may well be the case that the courts feel less inclined to intervene in relation to matters which are purely factual , but the juridical basis of intervention was never premised upon the need to [differentiate] between law and fact .

The objection based upon uncertainty can be raised in a number of different forms , and it is important to distinguish between them .
the objection based upon uncertainty can be raised in a number of different forms , and it is important to [differentiate] between them .

How would you distinguish between ‘ push ’ and ‘ pull ’ strategies in selling ?
how would you [differentiate] between ‘ push ’ and ‘ pull ’ strategies in selling ?

Even our analysis has had to distinguish between two forms of mass production , and the use of batch methods was applied to small and medium sized lots , which omits the possibility of large batches .
even our analysis has had to [differentiate] between two forms of mass production , and the use of batch methods was applied to small and medium sized lots , which omits the possibility of large batches .

However , because sulphur compounds are responsible for most of these effects it is very difficult to distinguish between the effects of pollution originating from local as opposed to distant sources ( refer to section 2.1 ) .
however , because sulphur compounds are responsible for most of these effects it is very difficult to [differentiate] between the effects of pollution originating from local as opposed to distant sources ( refer to section 2.1 ) .

Low-level ozone , so called to distinguish it from the naturally forming ozone in the stratosphere which accounts for about 90 per cent of the ozone in the atmosphere , is created by the action of sunlight on oxides of nitrogen and reactive hydrocarbons ( volatile organic compounds ) emitted by vehicles and industry .
low-level ozone , so called to [differentiate] it from the naturally forming ozone in the stratosphere which accounts for about 90 per cent of the ozone in the atmosphere , is created by the action of sunlight on oxides of nitrogen and reactive hydrocarbons ( volatile organic compounds ) emitted by vehicles and industry .

They may differ from country to country , as may the level of pollution deemed acceptable , but there are common elements which make it possible to distinguish four types of strategies : ( 1 ) air quality management , ( 2 ) emission standards , ( 3 ) economic , and ( 4 ) cost-benefit .
they may differ from country to country , as may the level of pollution deemed acceptable , but there are common elements which make it possible to [differentiate] four types of strategies : ( 1 ) air quality management , ( 2 ) emission standards , ( 3 ) economic , and ( 4 ) cost-benefit .

We , like the Kalam of New Guinea , distinguish jays and crows , or red deer and roes ; but whether the two kinds of native oak in Britain are one species or two is a problem , and certainly we all know that there are more differences between different breeds of dogs than there are between some distinct species of animals .
we , like the kalam of new guinea , [differentiate] jays and crows , or red deer and roes ; but whether the two kinds of native oak in britain are one species or two is a problem , and certainly we all know that there are more differences between different breeds of dogs than there are between some distinct species of animals .

The octopus , he discovered , could learn to distinguish such shapes and patterns and avoid those coupled with the unpleasant experience .
the octopus , he discovered , could learn to [differentiate] such shapes and patterns and avoid those coupled with the unpleasant experience .

They could learn by sight , and also through their remarkably sensitive tentacles , to distinguish rough from smooth , heavy from light cylindrical shapes .
they could learn by sight , and also through their remarkably sensitive tentacles , to [differentiate] rough from smooth , heavy from light cylindrical shapes .

These two types of process , on the one hand serial and on the other parallel processing of memory , are of course extremes , and there are many intermediate possibilities ; it becomes quite hard to design experiments which will unequivocally distinguish between them .
these two types of process , on the one hand serial and on the other parallel processing of memory , are of course extremes , and there are many intermediate possibilities ; it becomes quite hard to design experiments which will unequivocally [differentiate] between them .

As a result , Kandel began to make the sort of experiments that those working on the biochemistry of memory had already been struggling with ; adding radioactive precursors of protein to isolated ganglia or to cells in a dish , trying to identify the protein products , and to distinguish those made uniquely or in raised quantities during memory formation from the many others .
as a result , kandel began to make the sort of experiments that those working on the biochemistry of memory had already been struggling with ; adding radioactive precursors of protein to isolated ganglia or to cells in a dish , trying to identify the protein products , and to [differentiate] those made uniquely or in raised quantities during memory formation from the many others .

He had been watching young chicks , he said , and noted how they explored their environment by pecking at crumbs or other small objects , including their own droppings , but quickly learned to distinguish edible from inedible items .
he had been watching young chicks , he said , and noted how they explored their environment by pecking at crumbs or other small objects , including their own droppings , but quickly learned to [differentiate] edible from inedible items .

Coachman and Aagaard ( 1974 ) distinguish four major arctic water masses .
coachman and aagaard ( 1974 ) [differentiate] four major arctic water masses .

Precisely because ‘ paying your own way ’ is seen as the socially acceptable thing to do , where some do this and others do not the non-payers distinguish themselves as undeserving or in receipt of special favours .
precisely because ‘ paying your own way ’ is seen as the socially acceptable thing to do , where some do this and others do not the non-payers [differentiate] themselves as undeserving or in receipt of special favours .

It is possible to distinguish many different forms of giving in the field of welfare .
it is possible to [differentiate] many different forms of giving in the field of welfare .

He , family name of Maclean , should have been addressed in common with all lairds by his title — thus , Macleod , Laird of Raasay was known as ‘ Raasay ’ , to distinguish him from all other Macleods .
he , family name of maclean , should have been addressed in common with all lairds by his title — thus , macleod , laird of raasay was known as ‘ raasay ’ , to [differentiate] him from all other macleods .

The twins were seven years old , and it was impossible to distinguish between them .
the twins were seven years old , and it was impossible to [differentiate] between them .

They act on him and impair his ability to distinguish between thought and perception , between concepts and objects .
they act on him and impair his ability to [differentiate] between thought and perception , between concepts and objects .

Out of Herodotus 's attempt to distinguish truth from myth arose our own codification of discursive types , but in his text this structure is still in a state of flux .
out of herodotus 's attempt to [differentiate] truth from myth arose our own codification of discursive types , but in his text this structure is still in a state of flux .

De-realization is used to suggest that economic and other ‘ scientific ’ models are no more real ( nor even more accurate ) than the fictions and oracular pronouncements from which they seek to distinguish themselves .
de-realization is used to suggest that economic and other ‘ scientific ’ models are no more real ( nor even more accurate ) than the fictions and oracular pronouncements from which they seek to [differentiate] themselves .

They served up to the public a version of events and only those , like Dexter , who were privy to the truth would be able to distinguish how close that version of events was to reality .
they served up to the public a version of events and only those , like dexter , who were privy to the truth would be able to [differentiate] how close that version of events was to reality .

The systems are sufficiently accurate to distinguish between a husband and wife at the same address and ascribe different codes ( see figure 1 ) .
the systems are sufficiently accurate to [differentiate] between a husband and wife at the same address and ascribe different codes ( see figure 1 ) .

This distils the ratios to that sub-set which , when taken together and appropriately weighted , best distinguish the characteristics of the failed and silent sets of firms .
this distils the ratios to that sub-set which , when taken together and appropriately weighted , best [differentiate] the characteristics of the failed and silent sets of firms .

Hugh Tait has taken the lead in trying to distinguish between fact and fiction when it comes to fakes and forgeries .
hugh tait has taken the lead in trying to [differentiate] between fact and fiction when it comes to fakes and forgeries .

To distinguish a jet pebble from other black pebbles , perform a ‘ streak ’ test .
to [differentiate] a jet pebble from other black pebbles , perform a ‘ streak ’ test .

But if he could distinguish and recognize , so could the other .
but if he could [differentiate] and recognize , so could the other .

Though often difficult to distinguish in practice , in the simplest terms they relate to the three main spatial scales of economic and social organization .
though often difficult to [differentiate] in practice , in the simplest terms they relate to the three main spatial scales of economic and social organization .

Here , too , we can distinguish three especially important areas for the contribution of linguistics :
here , too , we can [differentiate] three especially important areas for the contribution of linguistics :

Once again we can distinguish three main domains :
once again we can [differentiate] three main domains :

Numerous academic debates seek to distinguish between the servicing role of adult education and one which is based on individual or collective needs within the context of social action .
numerous academic debates seek to [differentiate] between the servicing role of adult education and one which is based on individual or collective needs within the context of social action .

Their different paths can seem as much the result of luck , accident or opportunity as any capacity to distinguish between right and wrong .
their different paths can seem as much the result of luck , accident or opportunity as any capacity to [differentiate] between right and wrong .

Masturbation using your own woman in your imagination turns into a nightmare if these other thoughts intrude , and if you carry these thoughts all week and then allow her to visit , you may fail when talking to her to distinguish between reality and fantasy and ruin the visit for both of you .
masturbation using your own woman in your imagination turns into a nightmare if these other thoughts intrude , and if you carry these thoughts all week and then allow her to visit , you may fail when talking to her to [differentiate] between reality and fantasy and ruin the visit for both of you .

And , just as with academic freedom for academic staff , we can distinguish negative and positive rights for students .
and , just as with academic freedom for academic staff , we can [differentiate] negative and positive rights for students .

Here , as with academic freedom for teaching staff , we should distinguish between freedoms which derive from civil rights and those which derive from the character of academic life .
here , as with academic freedom for teaching staff , we should [differentiate] between freedoms which derive from civil rights and those which derive from the character of academic life .

Teaching effectively in higher education calls for the extraordinary ability on the part of the teacher to bring students to the point where they can distinguish sense from nonsense for themselves , where they can say and do things for themselves and give reasons for so doing which are full of insight , and where they have the intellectual resources to take off under their own steam .
teaching effectively in higher education calls for the extraordinary ability on the part of the teacher to bring students to the point where they can [differentiate] sense from nonsense for themselves , where they can say and do things for themselves and give reasons for so doing which are full of insight , and where they have the intellectual resources to take off under their own steam .

The nearest group of software products are the various art packages but even here it is easy to distinguish between good and bad .
the nearest group of software products are the various art packages but even here it is easy to [differentiate] between good and bad .

The second reason is that of an inch is the point at which the human eye can no longer distinguish individual dots and , for Japanese typography at least , the division between quality and low-resolution .
the second reason is that of an inch is the point at which the human eye can no longer [differentiate] individual dots and , for japanese typography at least , the division between quality and low-resolution .

Following Eldridge ( 1968 , pp.19–23 ) , we can distinguish different ‘ causal levels ’ on which behaviour is structured .
following eldridge ( 1968 , pp.19–23 ) , we can [differentiate] different ‘ causal levels ’ on which behaviour is structured .

In general , seven categories are used to distinguish groups in the class structure :
in general , seven categories are used to [differentiate] groups in the class structure :

Fifty years of study have failed to produce one personality trait or set of qualities that can be used to distinguish between leaders and non-leaders .
fifty years of study have failed to produce one personality trait or set of qualities that can be used to [differentiate] between leaders and non-leaders .

At a more analytic level we can distinguish two main components of the management structure :
at a more analytic level we can [differentiate] two main components of the management structure :

And as Lévy-Bruhl had pointed out , they can not distinguish between the fetich and the effective substances that are sometimes associated with it .
and as lévy-bruhl had pointed out , they can not [differentiate] between the fetich and the effective substances that are sometimes associated with it .

Chaucer 's prototype , the Miller of Trumpington , was such a well-trained rogue that he could distinguish between the various degrees of filching ; and he could steal as occasion served him , either ‘ courteously ’ or right ‘ outrageously ’ .
chaucer 's prototype , the miller of trumpington , was such a well-trained rogue that he could [differentiate] between the various degrees of filching ; and he could steal as occasion served him , either ‘ courteously ’ or right ‘ outrageously ’ .

It was one of those brilliantly simple ideas people always wish they had had themselves , and believe that somehow they could have had ; no need to incur any extra expense or make any more sizes than anybody else , or necessarily to distinguish one 's product in other way , yet just by the idea one has a potential market of half the jeans-buying public , or at least that proportion of it which has always felt that they are somehow perpetually between the usual sizes .
it was one of those brilliantly simple ideas people always wish they had had themselves , and believe that somehow they could have had ; no need to incur any extra expense or make any more sizes than anybody else , or necessarily to [differentiate] one 's product in other way , yet just by the idea one has a potential market of half the jeans-buying public , or at least that proportion of it which has always felt that they are somehow perpetually between the usual sizes .

This was partly to distinguish himself from his elder brother , ( Sir ) Arnold Lunn [ q.v . ]
this was partly to [differentiate] himself from his elder brother , ( sir ) arnold lunn [ q.v . ]

In 1850 she was noticed by the artist Walter Deverell , who asked her to sit for him and a group of young friends who were beginning to distinguish themselves as the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood .
in 1850 she was noticed by the artist walter deverell , who asked her to sit for him and a group of young friends who were beginning to [differentiate] themselves as the pre-raphaelite brotherhood .

( volume v , footnote on page 16 ) state that Magniac ‘ partly inherited and partly collected the remarkable collection ’ , although no material has come to light to distinguish Hollingworth Magniac 's purchases from those of his father or brother .
( volume v , footnote on page 16 ) state that magniac ‘ partly inherited and partly collected the remarkable collection ’ , although no material has come to light to [differentiate] hollingworth magniac 's purchases from those of his father or brother .

Thereafter they practised together , and it is not always possible to distinguish the work of the father from that of the son .
thereafter they practised together , and it is not always possible to [differentiate] the work of the father from that of the son .

First , section 401 applies to provisions which supplement or vary the particulars of an existing charge and therefore in some situations it will be necessary to distinguish between this and the creation of a new charge .
first , section 401 applies to provisions which supplement or vary the particulars of an existing charge and therefore in some situations it will be necessary to [differentiate] between this and the creation of a new charge .

In a sense , then , it is unnecessary from a practical point to distinguish between the various forms of offensive words or behaviour .
in a sense , then , it is unnecessary from a practical point to [differentiate] between the various forms of offensive words or behaviour .

We wish to distinguish between lexical input systems , lexical output systems , and a semantic system .
we wish to [differentiate] between lexical input systems , lexical output systems , and a semantic system .

At the input-system level , we wish to distinguish between a visual word-recognition system and an auditory word-recognition system ( and also a picture-recognition system , not relevant when stimuli are words ) .
at the input-system level , we wish to [differentiate] between a visual word-recognition system and an auditory word-recognition system ( and also a picture-recognition system , not relevant when stimuli are words ) .

At the output-system level , we wish to distinguish between a system for producing spoken output and a system for producing printed output ( and also a system for producing drawn output , not relevant when what is to be produced is a word ) .
at the output-system level , we wish to [differentiate] between a system for producing spoken output and a system for producing printed output ( and also a system for producing drawn output , not relevant when what is to be produced is a word ) .

It follows from this that in a recognition test subjects will find it extremely difficult to distinguish one of the early sentences in a passage from similar sentences which mean the same .
it follows from this that in a recognition test subjects will find it extremely difficult to [differentiate] one of the early sentences in a passage from similar sentences which mean the same .

Kintsch and Bates used a similar procedure to Sachs ( 1967 ) ( see section 7.2.3 ) , asking the students to distinguish between original sentences and paraphrases .
kintsch and bates used a similar procedure to sachs ( 1967 ) ( see section 7.2.3 ) , asking the students to [differentiate] between original sentences and paraphrases .

This suggests that the claim that all information about the surface form of an utterance is lost when it is purged from working memory needs to be modified to distinguish between surface structure which reflects underlying pragmatic distinctions , and surface structure which does not .
this suggests that the claim that all information about the surface form of an utterance is lost when it is purged from working memory needs to be modified to [differentiate] between surface structure which reflects underlying pragmatic distinctions , and surface structure which does not .

In order to distinguish these two aspects of context Dooling ( 1972 ) presented subjects with two tasks .
in order to [differentiate] these two aspects of context dooling ( 1972 ) presented subjects with two tasks .

We will call inferences of this type bridging inferences in order to distinguish them from all the possible inferences which could be drawn from a particular sentence .
we will call inferences of this type bridging inferences in order to [differentiate] them from all the possible inferences which could be drawn from a particular sentence .

It is not always possible to distinguish these two planning processes in experiments , particularly in considering pauses .
it is not always possible to [differentiate] these two planning processes in experiments , particularly in considering pauses .

If one wishes to distinguish between an input defect ( impairment in the perception or comprehension of spoken language ) and an output defect ( impairment in the production of spoken language ) , then the terms receptive aphasia versus expressive aphasia can be used .
if one wishes to [differentiate] between an input defect ( impairment in the perception or comprehension of spoken language ) and an output defect ( impairment in the production of spoken language ) , then the terms receptive aphasia versus expressive aphasia can be used .

Similarly , models of normal reading aloud which distinguish a lexical from a non-lexical procedure for reading aloud provide straightforward interpretations of two contrasting patterns of acquired dyslexia ( surface dyslexia and phonological dyslexia ) , and models of normal spelling which distinguish lexical from non-lexical procedures for spelling allow us to interpret two contrasting patterns of acquired dysgraphia ( surface dysgraphia and phonological dysgraphia ) .
similarly , models of normal reading aloud which [differentiate] a lexical from a non-lexical procedure for reading aloud provide straightforward interpretations of two contrasting patterns of acquired dyslexia ( surface dyslexia and phonological dyslexia ) , and models of normal spelling which [differentiate] lexical from non-lexical procedures for spelling allow us to interpret two contrasting patterns of acquired dysgraphia ( surface dysgraphia and phonological dysgraphia ) .

To begin with , we must distinguish between the terms ‘ interest ’ , ( discussed in chapter 4 ) , and ‘ group ’ .
to begin with , we must [differentiate] between the terms ‘ interest ’ , ( discussed in chapter 4 ) , and ‘ group ’ .

Indeed , it would be wrong to distinguish too sharply between policy formulation and policy implementation .
indeed , it would be wrong to [differentiate] too sharply between policy formulation and policy implementation .

At the outset , let us distinguish the different types of disputes , dealt with by the courts that have greater or lesser political relevance .
at the outset , let us [differentiate] the different types of disputes , dealt with by the courts that have greater or lesser political relevance .

Clearly concerned with comparing reports , this term is used to distinguish between comparing over time and comparing the report of one organization with another .
clearly concerned with comparing reports , this term is used to [differentiate] between comparing over time and comparing the report of one organization with another .

Nevertheless , it is important as a matter of law and could be important as a matter of economics , that a limited company can distinguish between the original capital invested and the rest .
nevertheless , it is important as a matter of law and could be important as a matter of economics , that a limited company can [differentiate] between the original capital invested and the rest .

Consequently , business balance sheets do distinguish between revenue reserves and capital reserves , the former being distributable while the latter are not .
consequently , business balance sheets do [differentiate] between revenue reserves and capital reserves , the former being distributable while the latter are not .

Taekwondo black belt : the gold bars distinguish rank .
taekwondo black belt : the gold bars [differentiate] rank .

In attempting to summarize the developments in studies of environmental processes pertinent to , and made by , physical geographers it is evident that it is extremely artificial to distinguish the contributions made by physical geographers per se from those contributed by practitioners of other disciplines .
in attempting to summarize the developments in studies of environmental processes pertinent to , and made by , physical geographers it is evident that it is extremely artificial to [differentiate] the contributions made by physical geographers per se from those contributed by practitioners of other disciplines .

Once the investigation of processes embraces such high-magnitude events it becomes increasingly difficult to distinguish what is timeless and timebound physical geography .
once the investigation of processes embraces such high-magnitude events it becomes increasingly difficult to [differentiate] what is timeless and timebound physical geography .

The two regimes have become difficult to distinguish in Soviet statements .
the two regimes have become difficult to [differentiate] in soviet statements .

In connection with wave attack it is useful to distinguish between prevalent and dominant winds .
in connection with wave attack it is useful to [differentiate] between prevalent and dominant winds .

In practice it would be very difficult to distinguish between platforms formed by splash and spray in relation to present sea level and platforms formed by higher sea levels and modified today by splash and spray .
in practice it would be very difficult to [differentiate] between platforms formed by splash and spray in relation to present sea level and platforms formed by higher sea levels and modified today by splash and spray .

Before the days of common subsurface investigation it was very difficult to distinguish between the two .
before the days of common subsurface investigation it was very difficult to [differentiate] between the two .

Nick points are often difficult to distinguish from breaks of slope caused by hard bands of rock , especially as nick points will tend to be held up on such hard beds through the difficulty of eroding resistant rock .
nick points are often difficult to [differentiate] from breaks of slope caused by hard bands of rock , especially as nick points will tend to be held up on such hard beds through the difficulty of eroding resistant rock .

Some of these mountains have the typical inselberg form ( see below ) , for instance Ayers Rock and Mount Olga north of the Musgrave range , while parts of the adjacent Petermann and Musgrave ranges , if clad with more luxuriant vegetation , would be difficult to distinguish in form from mountains developed in temperate climates .
some of these mountains have the typical inselberg form ( see below ) , for instance ayers rock and mount olga north of the musgrave range , while parts of the adjacent petermann and musgrave ranges , if clad with more luxuriant vegetation , would be difficult to [differentiate] in form from mountains developed in temperate climates .

Writers often distinguish between management and leadership .
writers often [differentiate] between management and leadership .

Prioritising — the ability to distinguish between , for example , the urgent and the merely important .
prioritising — the ability to [differentiate] between , for example , the urgent and the merely important .

In India the railways never made any attempt to distinguish among the castes .
in india the railways never made any attempt to [differentiate] among the castes .

They wore white uniforms in summer to distinguish them from the crowds that might throng their stations .
they wore white uniforms in summer to [differentiate] them from the crowds that might throng their stations .

First , it diminishes the tendency to distinguish between legal problems and , for example , social problems .
first , it diminishes the tendency to [differentiate] between legal problems and , for example , social problems .

Newcastle and Sandwell also failed to distinguish between care management and care programmes .
newcastle and sandwell also failed to [differentiate] between care management and care programmes .

The question then is to distinguish cases in which the public benefit is direct and entire from those in which it is indirect and partial , and thereby to obtain a definition which , unlike Lord Macnaghten 's , is a sufficient as well as a necessary condition of charity .
the question then is to [differentiate] cases in which the public benefit is direct and entire from those in which it is indirect and partial , and thereby to obtain a definition which , unlike lord macnaghten 's , is a sufficient as well as a necessary condition of charity .

Recent authors , mentioned above , distinguish between Stein 's German action and Walter 's Viennese action because in detail their escapements do not function in quite the same way .
recent authors , mentioned above , [differentiate] between stein 's german action and walter 's viennese action because in detail their escapements do not function in quite the same way .

The dress of the princesses shows no concessions to the formal court styles ; indeed , it would be very difficult to distinguish them from genteel country folk — only the sash worn by Frederick gives any hint at the exalted social status of the sitters .
the dress of the princesses shows no concessions to the formal court styles ; indeed , it would be very difficult to [differentiate] them from genteel country folk — only the sash worn by frederick gives any hint at the exalted social status of the sitters .

This adjective , emphasizing its size , is inserted to distinguish it from his great organ ( sic ) , then standing in the theatre at Covent Garden ( which , incidentally , he left not to Smith but to John Rich ) .
this adjective , emphasizing its size , is inserted to [differentiate] it from his great organ ( sic ) , then standing in the theatre at covent garden ( which , incidentally , he left not to smith but to john rich ) .

However , it was not at all convinced that a slight penetration with one finger could be regarded as an aggravated assault and yet considered it impractical to distinguish between different forms of digital penetration .
however , it was not at all convinced that a slight penetration with one finger could be regarded as an aggravated assault and yet considered it impractical to [differentiate] between different forms of digital penetration .

It might have been anticipated that the Criminal Law Revision Committee would seek to put an end to this uncertainty , particularly since , if any guiding principle has informed its final report , it is that the law should distinguish firmly between consensual and non-consensual sexual activity .
it might have been anticipated that the criminal law revision committee would seek to put an end to this uncertainty , particularly since , if any guiding principle has informed its final report , it is that the law should [differentiate] firmly between consensual and non-consensual sexual activity .

By re-classifying the conduct involved in such a way as to distinguish the grave from the less grave , it is hoped to discourage unwarranted pleas of not guilty and to overcome both the reluctance of prosecutors to bring charges and of courts to convict .
by re-classifying the conduct involved in such a way as to [differentiate] the grave from the less grave , it is hoped to discourage unwarranted pleas of not guilty and to overcome both the reluctance of prosecutors to bring charges and of courts to convict .

Whilst there are clearly certain advantages in a law which does not distinguish between penetration and other varieties of sexual assault , several objections may be raised to the new arrangement .
whilst there are clearly certain advantages in a law which does not [differentiate] between penetration and other varieties of sexual assault , several objections may be raised to the new arrangement .

Apart from the bike messengers , that was , and these were easy to distinguish because they were young and wiry and bizarrely dressed , and their eyes seemed to have a certain glaze on them from being on a permanent adrenaline high .
apart from the bike messengers , that was , and these were easy to [differentiate] because they were young and wiry and bizarrely dressed , and their eyes seemed to have a certain glaze on them from being on a permanent adrenaline high .

In carrying out the review proposed in paragraph 10 above , MPAs will clearly have to distinguish between permissions that need improving to bring them up to modern standards , and those that are/would damage designated sites , important water resources etc . In relation to the latter category , the Secretary of State should give MPAs the power to revoke or substantially amend permissions without any compensation where working is/would :
in carrying out the review proposed in paragraph 10 above , mpas will clearly have to [differentiate] between permissions that need improving to bring them up to modern standards , and those that are/would damage designated sites , important water resources etc . in relation to the latter category , the secretary of state should give mpas the power to revoke or substantially amend permissions without any compensation where working is/would :

Know and understand some practices and customs that distinguish the lifestyle of two religious/cultural groups and evaluate one of them
know and understand some practices and customs that [differentiate] the lifestyle of two religious/cultural groups and evaluate one of them

First , one needs to distinguish between actual situations of utterance in all their multiplicity of features , and the selection of just those features that are culturally and linguistically relevant to the production and interpretation of utterances ( see e.g .
first , one needs to [differentiate] between actual situations of utterance in all their multiplicity of features , and the selection of just those features that are culturally and linguistically relevant to the production and interpretation of utterances ( see e.g .

For example , to describe the lexicon , morphology and syntax of Javanese one would need to distinguish three levels of respect to addressees and two levels of respect to referents ( Geertz , 1960 ; Comrie , 1979b ) ; to describe the particles of a number of South American Indian languages one would need to distinguish between sentences that are central versus those that are peripheral to the telling of a story ( Longacre , 1976a ) ; to describe the third person pronouns of Tunica one would need to distinguish not only the sex of the referent , but also the sex of the addressee ( so there would be two words for `` she `` depending on whether one is speaking to a man or a woman ; Haas , 1964 ) , while in some Australian languages the pronouns encode the moiety or section ( kinship division ) of the referent , or the kinship relation between referents ( e.g .
for example , to describe the lexicon , morphology and syntax of javanese one would need to [differentiate] three levels of respect to addressees and two levels of respect to referents ( geertz , 1960 ; comrie , 1979b ) ; to describe the particles of a number of south american indian languages one would need to [differentiate] between sentences that are central versus those that are peripheral to the telling of a story ( longacre , 1976a ) ; to describe the third person pronouns of tunica one would need to [differentiate] not only the sex of the referent , but also the sex of the addressee ( so there would be two words for `` she `` depending on whether one is speaking to a man or a woman ; haas , 1964 ) , while in some australian languages the pronouns encode the moiety or section ( kinship division ) of the referent , or the kinship relation between referents ( e.g .

We are thus enabled to distinguish more easily the would-be functionalist 's explicans ( interactional structure ) from the explicandum ( language ) .
we are thus enabled to [differentiate] more easily the would-be functionalist 's explicans ( interactional structure ) from the explicandum ( language ) .

It is essential to distinguish different kinds of usage of deictic expression .
it is essential to [differentiate] different kinds of usage of deictic expression .

In addition to deictic vs. non-deictic usages of deictic expressions , we shall need to distinguish distinct kinds of deictic usage .
in addition to deictic vs. non-deictic usages of deictic expressions , we shall need to [differentiate] distinct kinds of deictic usage .

Following Fillmore ( 1971b ) , let us first distinguish two kinds of deictic usage , namely gestural usage and symbolic usage .
following fillmore ( 1971b ) , let us first [differentiate] two kinds of deictic usage , namely gestural usage and symbolic usage .

As we shall see when we consider discourse deixis , within non-deictic usages we shall need to distinguish anaphoric from non-anaphoric usages .
as we shall see when we consider discourse deixis , within non-deictic usages we shall need to [differentiate] anaphoric from non-anaphoric usages .

Also , as we have noted , we sometimes need to distinguish speaker from source and addressee from target .
also , as we have noted , we sometimes need to [differentiate] speaker from source and addressee from target .

( 59 ) Two and two is four ( 60 ) Iguanas eat ants Let us , following Lyons ( 1977a : 682 ) , distinguish the semantic or theoretical category of tense , which we may call metalinguistic tense or M-tense for short , from the verbal inflections that a traditional grammar of a particular language may call that language 's tenses , which we may call L-tenses .
( 59 ) two and two is four ( 60 ) iguanas eat ants let us , following lyons ( 1977a : 682 ) , [differentiate] the semantic or theoretical category of tense , which we may call metalinguistic tense or m-tense for short , from the verbal inflections that a traditional grammar of a particular language may call that language 's tenses , which we may call l-tenses .

The `` mistake `` was made for the purpose of emphasising those properties which distinguish a vanished childhood from one that is simply gone — the mystery , lack of explanation , for example .
the `` mistake `` was made for the purpose of emphasising those properties which [differentiate] a vanished childhood from one that is simply gone — the mystery , lack of explanation , for example .

For tax purposes , the sale by a shareholder to the company through the market is treated like any other market sale , as the shareholder will not be able to distinguish between a sale to the company and any other sale to a third party .
for tax purposes , the sale by a shareholder to the company through the market is treated like any other market sale , as the shareholder will not be able to [differentiate] between a sale to the company and any other sale to a third party .

Lakoff and Turner distinguish between `` conceptual `` metaphors , which are part of the language system , and original or `` image `` metaphors , ( which may be based upon conceptual metaphors ) .
lakoff and turner [differentiate] between `` conceptual `` metaphors , which are part of the language system , and original or `` image `` metaphors , ( which may be based upon conceptual metaphors ) .

( p. 43 ) .2 They do not distinguish sharply between animate and inanimate : thus `` the bush went away `` and `` a puddle of water lay across the trail `` ( p. 11 ) will be interpreted differently by the people and the reader : they attribute volition to such entities , we do not .
( p. 43 ) .2 they do not [differentiate] sharply between animate and inanimate : thus `` the bush went away `` and `` a puddle of water lay across the trail `` ( p. 11 ) will be interpreted differently by the people and the reader : they attribute volition to such entities , we do not .

When the practical rules applicable to sale and exchange are interchangeable , to distinguish between them is little more than a scholastic exercise .
when the practical rules applicable to sale and exchange are interchangeable , to [differentiate] between them is little more than a scholastic exercise .

The approach of the law is to distinguish the following transactions , namely , a contract for the sale of goods with a severable contract for services , a sale of goods , a contract for work and materials , and lastly , the supply of services .
the approach of the law is to [differentiate] the following transactions , namely , a contract for the sale of goods with a severable contract for services , a sale of goods , a contract for work and materials , and lastly , the supply of services .

Nonetheless , care should be taken here to distinguish between words which can be considered to be merely useful information , from words which go to the identity of the goods sold .
nonetheless , care should be taken here to [differentiate] between words which can be considered to be merely useful information , from words which go to the identity of the goods sold .

It may be possible to distinguish the lawyer/client cases from a case which involves the provision of financial services .
it may be possible to [differentiate] the lawyer/client cases from a case which involves the provision of financial services .

It does not distinguish between different types of hearsay or impose any procedural requirements for its admission .
it does not [differentiate] between different types of hearsay or impose any procedural requirements for its admission .

An order for contact with a child in care is usually referred to as a s34 contact order to distinguish it from a contact order under s8 of the Act .
an order for contact with a child in care is usually referred to as a s34 contact order to [differentiate] it from a contact order under s8 of the act .

It is important to distinguish the family assistance order from a supervision order .
it is important to [differentiate] the family assistance order from a supervision order .

As exchanges assume a more formal role , and seek new means to distinguish themselves from off-exchange business , they increasingly have to take note of a wider spectrum of interests , including off-exchange traders , customers , financiers , and the public interest itself .
as exchanges assume a more formal role , and seek new means to [differentiate] themselves from off-exchange business , they increasingly have to take note of a wider spectrum of interests , including off-exchange traders , customers , financiers , and the public interest itself .

They are , indeed , difficult to distinguish from the `` aggravated damages `` to which a plaintiff is entitled by virtue of the suffering caused by the newspaper 's high-handed or insulting conduct .
they are , indeed , difficult to [differentiate] from the `` aggravated damages `` to which a plaintiff is entitled by virtue of the suffering caused by the newspaper 's high-handed or insulting conduct .

It is often difficult to distinguish the effects of low infections from malnutrition .
it is often difficult to [differentiate] the effects of low infections from malnutrition .

In infections with adult worms , the eggs will be found in faeces , but since it is difficult to distinguish these from Heterakis eggs , confirmation must be made by post-mortemm examination of a casualty when the large white worms will be found .
in infections with adult worms , the eggs will be found in faeces , but since it is difficult to [differentiate] these from heterakis eggs , confirmation must be made by post-mortemm examination of a casualty when the large white worms will be found .

The egg is ovoid and smooth-shelled , and is difficult to distinguish from that of Ascaridia .
the egg is ovoid and smooth-shelled , and is difficult to [differentiate] from that of ascaridia .

Now we distinguish between the `` explicit `` and the `` implicit `` extensions of a convention .
now we [differentiate] between the `` explicit `` and the `` implicit `` extensions of a convention .

Now we can distinguish what might seem to be two forms or , versions of conventionalism .
now we can [differentiate] what might seem to be two forms or , versions of conventionalism .

There is a point in this suggestion , but we can not see it unless we are careful to distinguish between two kinds of consistency a lawmaker might seek : consistency in strategy and consistency in principle .
there is a point in this suggestion , but we can not see it unless we are careful to [differentiate] between two kinds of consistency a lawmaker might seek : consistency in strategy and consistency in principle .

She breathed in deeply , seeking to allay her nervousness , eyes squinting impatiently to distinguish some shadow behind the infuriating smoked glass windows . What would she be like ? Would she like her ?
she breathed in deeply , seeking to allay her nervousness , eyes squinting impatiently to [differentiate] some shadow behind the infuriating smoked glass windows . what would she be like ? would she like her ?

But since the districts were not subservient to the counties , the concept of ‘ delegation ’ was inappropriate , and thus it became essential for there to be clear guidelines to distinguish county issues from district issues .
but since the districts were not subservient to the counties , the concept of ‘ delegation ’ was inappropriate , and thus it became essential for there to be clear guidelines to [differentiate] county issues from district issues .

The 1947 Act went further : all betterment was created by the community , and it was unreal and undesirable ( as well as virtually impossible ) to distinguish between values created , for example , by particular planning schemes , and those due to other factors such as the general activities of the community or the general level of prosperity .
the 1947 act went further : all betterment was created by the community , and it was unreal and undesirable ( as well as virtually impossible ) to [differentiate] between values created , for example , by particular planning schemes , and those due to other factors such as the general activities of the community or the general level of prosperity .

This is called the Richardson number ( sometimes the gradient form of the Richardson number to distinguish it from other forms defined somewhat differently ) .
this is called the richardson number ( sometimes the gradient form of the richardson number to [differentiate] it from other forms defined somewhat differently ) .

Since its inception the Design Museum has been criticised for the way its exhibits fail to distinguish themselves from department store displays ; to some extent the museum has tried to work analytically with this analogy — its inaugural exhibition , for example , was aimed at exploring the relationships between ‘ commerce and culture ’ .
since its inception the design museum has been criticised for the way its exhibits fail to [differentiate] themselves from department store displays ; to some extent the museum has tried to work analytically with this analogy — its inaugural exhibition , for example , was aimed at exploring the relationships between ‘ commerce and culture ’ .

It is usual to distinguish three reasons why people want to hold their assets in the form of money .
it is usual to [differentiate] three reasons why people want to hold their assets in the form of money .

Cut out the two top corners ( about 2·5cm/1inch down and along ) to distinguish the head .
cut out the two top corners ( about 2·5cm/1inch down and along ) to [differentiate] the head .

Nor did he distinguish clearly between practices in solo and tutti sections .
nor did he [differentiate] clearly between practices in solo and tutti sections .

The true facts of the matter have been clouded by many cases where the exact nature of the staccato did not greatly matter and where consequently Mozart made no deliberate effort to distinguish the two types .
the true facts of the matter have been clouded by many cases where the exact nature of the staccato did not greatly matter and where consequently mozart made no deliberate effort to [differentiate] the two types .

Was she so very tired that she could n't distinguish one man 's voice from another 's ?
was she so very tired that she could n't [differentiate] one man 's voice from another 's ?

Beginning with the more familiar form of the continents we can distinguish between the continental platforms formed by plateaus and lowlands , and the major linear mountain systems known as orogenic mountain belts , or simply orogens .
beginning with the more familiar form of the continents we can [differentiate] between the continental platforms formed by plateaus and lowlands , and the major linear mountain systems known as orogenic mountain belts , or simply orogens .

We need , therefore , to distinguish carefully between potential rates of weathering related to climatic parameters , and actual rates of weathering related to conditions at the weathering front .
we need , therefore , to [differentiate] carefully between potential rates of weathering related to climatic parameters , and actual rates of weathering related to conditions at the weathering front .

It is important to distinguish clearly between the features of the paper based life cycle which were a product of the limitations of the media and can now be joyfully abandoned , and methods which have an ongoing role when re-interpreted into the electronic life cycle .
it is important to [differentiate] clearly between the features of the paper based life cycle which were a product of the limitations of the media and can now be joyfully abandoned , and methods which have an ongoing role when re-interpreted into the electronic life cycle .

It is also necessary to distinguish data protection from the related , but distinct , areas of ‘ privacy ’ and data security .
it is also necessary to [differentiate] data protection from the related , but distinct , areas of ‘ privacy ’ and data security .

We must , however , begin to distinguish between two kinds of holiday : the longer ( summer or winter ) residence and the tour which became increasingly practical and rapid .
we must , however , begin to [differentiate] between two kinds of holiday : the longer ( summer or winter ) residence and the tour which became increasingly practical and rapid .

But the mid-nineteenth-century bourgeoisie was divided on the nature of that inferiority of the lower classes about which there was no substantial disagreement , though attempts had to be made to distinguish , within the subaltern mass , between those who might be expected to rise into , at least , the respectable lower middle class and those who were beyond redemption .
but the mid-nineteenth-century bourgeoisie was divided on the nature of that inferiority of the lower classes about which there was no substantial disagreement , though attempts had to be made to [differentiate] , within the subaltern mass , between those who might be expected to rise into , at least , the respectable lower middle class and those who were beyond redemption .

But a simple classification into the morally superior and inferior , though adequate to distinguish the ‘ respectable ’ from the drunken and licentious labouring mass , was plainly no longer adequate , except for the striving lower middle class , if only because the ancient virtues were no longer visibly applicable to the successful and wealthy bourgeoisie . The ethic of abstinence and effort could hardly be applied to the success of the American millionaires of the 1860s and 1870s , or even to the wealthy manufacturer , retired to a life of country-house leisure , still less to his rentier relatives ; to those whose ideal was , in Ruskin 's words :
but a simple classification into the morally superior and inferior , though adequate to [differentiate] the ‘ respectable ’ from the drunken and licentious labouring mass , was plainly no longer adequate , except for the striving lower middle class , if only because the ancient virtues were no longer visibly applicable to the successful and wealthy bourgeoisie . the ethic of abstinence and effort could hardly be applied to the success of the american millionaires of the 1860s and 1870s , or even to the wealthy manufacturer , retired to a life of country-house leisure , still less to his rentier relatives ; to those whose ideal was , in ruskin 's words :

The preceding account assumes that workers are in a position to distinguish with a reasonable degree of accuracy between changes in their real wages which are temporary and those which are permanent .
the preceding account assumes that workers are in a position to [differentiate] with a reasonable degree of accuracy between changes in their real wages which are temporary and those which are permanent .

It is of course important , in the interests of later enforcement , for a plaintiff instituting proceedings to distinguish between a defendant firm ( or partnership ) , a single person trading under a business name , and a defendant limited company .
it is of course important , in the interests of later enforcement , for a plaintiff instituting proceedings to [differentiate] between a defendant firm ( or partnership ) , a single person trading under a business name , and a defendant limited company .

The court at first instance can always distinguish except in very similar cases , and appeal is not easy unless a judgment is so unreasonable as to be perverse .
the court at first instance can always [differentiate] except in very similar cases , and appeal is not easy unless a judgment is so unreasonable as to be perverse .

1.6.3 Distinguish experts from expert witnesses
1.6.3 [differentiate] experts from expert witnesses

14.7.2 Distinguish the tort of negligence
14.7.2 [differentiate] the tort of negligence

This chapter seeks to distinguish arbitration from references to experts by considering : ( 1 ) confusion between whether references have been to experts or arbitrators ( 15.2 ) ; ( 2 ) how the court interprets express words in the contract about a referee 's status ( 15.3 ) ; ( 3 ) the guidelines for assessing the referee 's status ( 15.4 – 15.9 ) ; ( 4 ) the procedural differences between arbitrations and references to experts ( 15.10 ) ; ( 5 ) the different consequences of an expert 's decision and an arbitration award ( 15.11 ) .
this chapter seeks to [differentiate] arbitration from references to experts by considering : ( 1 ) confusion between whether references have been to experts or arbitrators ( 15.2 ) ; ( 2 ) how the court interprets express words in the contract about a referee 's status ( 15.3 ) ; ( 3 ) the guidelines for assessing the referee 's status ( 15.4 – 15.9 ) ; ( 4 ) the procedural differences between arbitrations and references to experts ( 15.10 ) ; ( 5 ) the different consequences of an expert 's decision and an arbitration award ( 15.11 ) .

In understanding assignment it is important to distinguish assignment from novation .
in understanding assignment it is important to [differentiate] assignment from novation .

If there is an express prohibition on assigning the benefit it is important to distinguish between the benefit of the contract , namely the right of each party to have a contract performed in accordance with its terms , and the benefits which arise under the contract , namely those rights which arise incidentally from the performance of the contract and are sometimes known as the fruits of performance such as the right to claim for damages under the contract .
if there is an express prohibition on assigning the benefit it is important to [differentiate] between the benefit of the contract , namely the right of each party to have a contract performed in accordance with its terms , and the benefits which arise under the contract , namely those rights which arise incidentally from the performance of the contract and are sometimes known as the fruits of performance such as the right to claim for damages under the contract .

Nonetheless , judges retain the power to distinguish cases and by their interpretation they can develop a substantial body of case law .
nonetheless , judges retain the power to [differentiate] cases and by their interpretation they can develop a substantial body of case law .

The development of a form of representative democracy in the nineteenth century led Dicey to distinguish between legal sovereignty , which continued to reside with the triumvirate of the monarch , Lords , and Commons , and political sovereignty , which he deemed to rest with the electorate .
the development of a form of representative democracy in the nineteenth century led dicey to [differentiate] between legal sovereignty , which continued to reside with the triumvirate of the monarch , lords , and commons , and political sovereignty , which he deemed to rest with the electorate .

Strangely enough one could believe that the slightest glimmer of light on the dark horizon could be the lights of Geneva , and the glimmer became a glow and the glow became more positive and one could distinguish the lights which were real lights and those which were the reflections on the lake .
strangely enough one could believe that the slightest glimmer of light on the dark horizon could be the lights of geneva , and the glimmer became a glow and the glow became more positive and one could [differentiate] the lights which were real lights and those which were the reflections on the lake .

An interesting example is the work of the deconstructionist critic Paul de Man , whose analytical prose is deeply dialogic , in the sense that it is a composite of different voices , cited , reported , paraphrased , conjectured , which are often difficult to distinguish from the critic 's own commentary and judgement .
an interesting example is the work of the deconstructionist critic paul de man , whose analytical prose is deeply dialogic , in the sense that it is a composite of different voices , cited , reported , paraphrased , conjectured , which are often difficult to [differentiate] from the critic 's own commentary and judgement .

The term `` joke `` itself covers a wealth of different kinds , and is difficult to distinguish from ( related ? )
the term `` joke `` itself covers a wealth of different kinds , and is difficult to [differentiate] from ( related ? )

Elisabeth Schüssler Fiorenza has criticized Ruether here , asking how one should distinguish script from scripture .
elisabeth schüssler fiorenza has criticized ruether here , asking how one should [differentiate] script from scripture .

Plumage differences do allow you to distinguish the young birds born last summer , which retain some of the brown juvenile wing coverts .
plumage differences do allow you to [differentiate] the young birds born last summer , which retain some of the brown juvenile wing coverts .

Chapter 13 is written in technical jargon — a professional textbook on diagnosis for the priest-physician , enabling him to distinguish between `` acute `` and `` chronic `` forms of the various diseases .
chapter 13 is written in technical jargon — a professional textbook on diagnosis for the priest-physician , enabling him to [differentiate] between `` acute `` and `` chronic `` forms of the various diseases .

It is extremely difficult to distinguish different literary sources within a document unless some of those sources have actually survived .
it is extremely difficult to [differentiate] different literary sources within a document unless some of those sources have actually survived .

More subjective , less dependable criteria , such as variation in style or vocabulary , have to be used to distinguish the sources .
more subjective , less dependable criteria , such as variation in style or vocabulary , have to be used to [differentiate] the sources .

In some ways they are even better than our own , for a squid can distinguish polarised light which we can not do and their retinas have a finer structure which means , almost certainly , that they can distinguish finer detail than we can .
in some ways they are even better than our own , for a squid can [differentiate] polarised light which we can not do and their retinas have a finer structure which means , almost certainly , that they can [differentiate] finer detail than we can .

Scientists have even been able to distinguish tiny parasitic insects , mites , clinging to the legs of the bigger ones .
scientists have even been able to [differentiate] tiny parasitic insects , mites , clinging to the legs of the bigger ones .

Cicadas are able to distinguish intervals of one hundredth of a second .
cicadas are able to [differentiate] intervals of one hundredth of a second .

The first distinguish between light and dark , the second are sensitive to colour .
the first [differentiate] between light and dark , the second are sensitive to colour .

In this and a variety of other tasks , Wannemacher and Ryan were able to distinguish ‘ incorrect ’ from ‘ opposite ’ responses .
in this and a variety of other tasks , wannemacher and ryan were able to [differentiate] ‘ incorrect ’ from ‘ opposite ’ responses .

Children who know the meaning of more or of both more and less are careful to distinguish them from each other and from nonsense words introduced in the same setting .
children who know the meaning of more or of both more and less are careful to [differentiate] them from each other and from nonsense words introduced in the same setting .

We said earlier that the ability to distinguish between cause and effect is a fundamental component of the ability to explain .
we said earlier that the ability to [differentiate] between cause and effect is a fundamental component of the ability to explain .

At what age are children able to distinguish between causes and effects ?
at what age are children able to [differentiate] between causes and effects ?

There is now considerable evidence that children are able to distinguish between causes and effects at a much earlier age than Piaget originally proposed — see the reviews by Bullock et al .
there is now considerable evidence that children are able to [differentiate] between causes and effects at a much earlier age than piaget originally proposed — see the reviews by bullock et al .

For example , Bullock and Gelman ( 1979 ) found that even three-year-olds are able to distinguish between causes and effects .
for example , bullock and gelman ( 1979 ) found that even three-year-olds are able to [differentiate] between causes and effects .

( 1986 ) predict that children will be able to distinguish between causes and effects on the basis of information about generative transmission before they can do so on the basis of information about temporal priority .
( 1986 ) predict that children will be able to [differentiate] between causes and effects on the basis of information about generative transmission before they can do so on the basis of information about temporal priority .

It is cognitively demanding in that the child has to distinguish between the reason and the result , despite the fact that they are interdependent .
it is cognitively demanding in that the child has to [differentiate] between the reason and the result , despite the fact that they are interdependent .

They found that from the age of three years , children were able to distinguish correctly between intended actions and mistakes ( Shultz , 1980 ) .
they found that from the age of three years , children were able to [differentiate] correctly between intended actions and mistakes ( shultz , 1980 ) .

In addition , five-year-olds were able to distinguish intended actions from reflexes and passive behaviours ( Shultz , 1980 ) ; to distinguish between intending to carry out an act and intending to achieve a consequence ( Shultz and Shamash , 1981 ) ; and to disguise their intentions deliberately from other people ( Shultz and Cloghesy , 1981 ) .
in addition , five-year-olds were able to [differentiate] intended actions from reflexes and passive behaviours ( shultz , 1980 ) ; to [differentiate] between intending to carry out an act and intending to achieve a consequence ( shultz and shamash , 1981 ) ; and to disguise their intentions deliberately from other people ( shultz and cloghesy , 1981 ) .

They have to be able to distinguish between the empirical and deductive modes .
they have to be able to [differentiate] between the empirical and deductive modes .

Within the deductive mode , children have to be able to distinguish between conclusions and evidence , and they have to know that so introduces the conclusion whereas because introduces the evidence .
within the deductive mode , children have to be able to [differentiate] between conclusions and evidence , and they have to know that so introduces the conclusion whereas because introduces the evidence .

The deductive/empirical experiment assessed children 's ability to distinguish between the deductive and empirical modes on the basis of linguistic cues provided by the adult .
the deductive/empirical experiment assessed children 's ability to [differentiate] between the deductive and empirical modes on the basis of linguistic cues provided by the adult .

There were significant age effects in both tasks on these items , and many of the children in the two younger age groups failed to distinguish between deductive and empirical items and treated them all as if they were empirical items .
there were significant age effects in both tasks on these items , and many of the children in the two younger age groups failed to [differentiate] between deductive and empirical items and treated them all as if they were empirical items .

Finally , the Webbs distinguish stigmatised ‘ Joint Stock Individualism ’ from the ‘ demonstrably successful Co-operative Production of the Associations of Consumers which constitutes the Co-operative Movement of today ’ .
finally , the webbs [differentiate] stigmatised ‘ joint stock individualism ’ from the ‘ demonstrably successful co-operative production of the associations of consumers which constitutes the co-operative movement of today ’ .

And since the effect would be to put off the catastrophe indefinitely , since Capitalism could now continue by reason of policies which provided also a solution to the problem of unemployment , Empirical Socialism need no longer distinguish itself from the Marxist version solely by the method and pace of change , by being evolutionary rather than revolutionary .
and since the effect would be to put off the catastrophe indefinitely , since capitalism could now continue by reason of policies which provided also a solution to the problem of unemployment , empirical socialism need no longer [differentiate] itself from the marxist version solely by the method and pace of change , by being evolutionary rather than revolutionary .

This avoided the need to distinguish between parties and non-parties , but deprived those closely associated with the affair of claims to procedural rights .
this avoided the need to [differentiate] between parties and non-parties , but deprived those closely associated with the affair of claims to procedural rights .

The procedural provisions in Articles 65–68 distinguish between ‘ parties ’ ( presumably to the treaty ) and ‘ parties to a dispute ’ .
the procedural provisions in articles 65–68 [differentiate] between ‘ parties ’ ( presumably to the treaty ) and ‘ parties to a dispute ’ .

Other members felt it inappropriate to distinguish between categories of third party : a State is either a party to the treaty or it is not .
other members felt it inappropriate to [differentiate] between categories of third party : a state is either a party to the treaty or it is not .

She watched the other people , and wondered how many years of observation it would take her to learn to distinguish the tarts from the students , for there were clearly some of each within her range .
she watched the other people , and wondered how many years of observation it would take her to learn to [differentiate] the tarts from the students , for there were clearly some of each within her range .

Laidlaw shielded his eyes against the glare of the headlights , trying to distinguish the make and colour of the car .
laidlaw shielded his eyes against the glare of the headlights , trying to [differentiate] the make and colour of the car .

In any event the ‘ Far East ’ solution depended , with rather specious simplicity , on the ability to separate communist sheep from nationalist goats and even though the distinction was recognized as the sine qua non of a solution , it assumed that those who would not support genuine independence , once it was granted by the French , would identify themselves as communists : and would thereby distinguish themselves from the rest of the ‘ nationalist elements ’ who comprised the major part of the resistance forces .
in any event the ‘ far east ’ solution depended , with rather specious simplicity , on the ability to separate communist sheep from nationalist goats and even though the distinction was recognized as the sine qua non of a solution , it assumed that those who would not support genuine independence , once it was granted by the french , would identify themselves as communists : and would thereby [differentiate] themselves from the rest of the ‘ nationalist elements ’ who comprised the major part of the resistance forces .

So far as we can be aware the infant , in its earliest stages , can not distinguish between `` self `` and `` non-self `` , or between its own perceptions and sensations and the phenomena which trigger them .
so far as we can be aware the infant , in its earliest stages , can not [differentiate] between `` self `` and `` non-self `` , or between its own perceptions and sensations and the phenomena which trigger them .

And from the moment of birth the child is learning -learning to know its own body and bodily needs , learning to distinguish itself from the world around it , learning something about its relationships to things and people in that world .
and from the moment of birth the child is learning -learning to know its own body and bodily needs , learning to [differentiate] itself from the world around it , learning something about its relationships to things and people in that world .

We have argued in favour of the tenet which underlies ( vii ) , namely that it is possible to distinguish between what the writer chooses to talk about , and how he chooses to talk about it .
we have argued in favour of the tenet which underlies ( vii ) , namely that it is possible to [differentiate] between what the writer chooses to talk about , and how he chooses to talk about it .

We need to refer to them because they are a significant element of style , but we shall not in general distinguish them formally from linguistic categories .
we need to refer to them because they are a significant element of style , but we shall not in general [differentiate] them formally from linguistic categories .

When librarians and others consider the educational functions of libraries there is a variety of aspects and contributions which it will be useful here to distinguish .
when librarians and others consider the educational functions of libraries there is a variety of aspects and contributions which it will be useful here to [differentiate] .

It is one thing to speak of involving the student , `` teaching concepts rather than facts `` , `` practising skills `` and all the other catch phrases of educational discourse ; it is quite another thing to put them into practice , to find out how to involve the student , to elucidate which concepts are of most importance and which facts are necessary to their understanding , and particularly to distinguish which are the key skills and how they are to be most usefully practised with these students in this situation .
it is one thing to speak of involving the student , `` teaching concepts rather than facts `` , `` practising skills `` and all the other catch phrases of educational discourse ; it is quite another thing to put them into practice , to find out how to involve the student , to elucidate which concepts are of most importance and which facts are necessary to their understanding , and particularly to [differentiate] which are the key skills and how they are to be most usefully practised with these students in this situation .

No serious ideological differences distinguish Fianna Fail , by far the stronger , from Fine Gael .
no serious ideological differences [differentiate] fianna fail , by far the stronger , from fine gael .

For example , spend five minutes over coffee trying to distinguish what is unique about your company 's products and services .
for example , spend five minutes over coffee trying to [differentiate] what is unique about your company 's products and services .

Such objective judgements have some validity , but they do not distinguish between the positive effects of war and the damaging effects of coalition .
such objective judgements have some validity , but they do not [differentiate] between the positive effects of war and the damaging effects of coalition .

The sound , as Blackberry had said , was not unlike bird-song As he came closer , Hazel could distinguish the word .
the sound , as blackberry had said , was not unlike bird-song as he came closer , hazel could [differentiate] the word .

The brook was swollen and Hazel 's ears could distinguish the deeper , smoother sound , changed since the day before .
the brook was swollen and hazel 's ears could [differentiate] the deeper , smoother sound , changed since the day before .

While `` functional literacy `` guarantees the capacity to engage in normal communication within one 's given `` culture or group `` , it does not guarantee the capacity to distinguish between good and bad in literature .
while `` functional literacy `` guarantees the capacity to engage in normal communication within one 's given `` culture or group `` , it does not guarantee the capacity to [differentiate] between good and bad in literature .

One must , however , be careful to distinguish the wares used by the legions from that of the auxiliary units .
one must , however , be careful to [differentiate] the wares used by the legions from that of the auxiliary units .

Both decisions and acts can be invalid in a public law sense , and in this respect there is no particular reason to distinguish between them .
both decisions and acts can be invalid in a public law sense , and in this respect there is no particular reason to [differentiate] between them .

For example , Private Acts of Parliament are treated as legislation even though they may regulate the conduct of only a single individual ; on the other hand , an ‘ administrative order ’ affecting a large number of people may be difficult to distinguish from as legislative act .
for example , private acts of parliament are treated as legislation even though they may regulate the conduct of only a single individual ; on the other hand , an ‘ administrative order ’ affecting a large number of people may be difficult to [differentiate] from as legislative act .

It is important to distinguish the idea of non-justiciability from the idea of judicial restraint in reviewing the decisions of government bodies .
it is important to [differentiate] the idea of non-justiciability from the idea of judicial restraint in reviewing the decisions of government bodies .

And the worst of it , in his view , is that no one has the courage to condemn what is happening , since ‘ cultural consensus can no longer distinguish between intolerance and discernment , opening the gates to an era of ‘ freedom without choice ’ ’ .
and the worst of it , in his view , is that no one has the courage to condemn what is happening , since ‘ cultural consensus can no longer [differentiate] between intolerance and discernment , opening the gates to an era of ‘ freedom without choice ’ ’ .

In fact , the term ‘ interest ’ is applied to a claim in order to distinguish it from other claims , usually with the implication that the claim labelled an interest deserves a remedy .
in fact , the term ‘ interest ’ is applied to a claim in order to [differentiate] it from other claims , usually with the implication that the claim labelled an interest deserves a remedy .

Wolfgang Fischer : One has to distinguish between general and specific reasons .
wolfgang fischer : one has to [differentiate] between general and specific reasons .

These substances would be in small amounts in any but polluted waters , and analytical methods would have to be suited to the objective if it were desired to distinguish between them .
these substances would be in small amounts in any but polluted waters , and analytical methods would have to be suited to the objective if it were desired to [differentiate] between them .

Distinguish major from minor points and provide plenty of light and shade .
[differentiate] major from minor points and provide plenty of light and shade .

In Persia and Anatolia each workshop group ( Isfahan , Kashan , Hereke , etc ) has evolved its own characteristic style and , with a little experience , people relatively new to the subject should be able to distinguish the most typical examples of one group form those of another .
in persia and anatolia each workshop group ( isfahan , kashan , hereke , etc ) has evolved its own characteristic style and , with a little experience , people relatively new to the subject should be able to [differentiate] the most typical examples of one group form those of another .

In contrast , rugs produced in India , Pakistan , the Soviet Union , Afghanistan and the Balkans are often extremely difficult to distinguish from one another because they are usually based on the same range of traditional Persian , Turkoman or Caucasian designs ; often the only difference in their appearance is the fineness of the knotting and the skill with which the composition has been achieved .
in contrast , rugs produced in india , pakistan , the soviet union , afghanistan and the balkans are often extremely difficult to [differentiate] from one another because they are usually based on the same range of traditional persian , turkoman or caucasian designs ; often the only difference in their appearance is the fineness of the knotting and the skill with which the composition has been achieved .

Contrary to popular myth , assessing quality is not as difficult as it might first appear ; armed with a little basic information , anyone should be able to distinguish a good from a poor quality rug .
contrary to popular myth , assessing quality is not as difficult as it might first appear ; armed with a little basic information , anyone should be able to [differentiate] a good from a poor quality rug .

One must also distinguish between the way meaning is applied to words and to sentences .
one must also [differentiate] between the way meaning is applied to words and to sentences .

: To determine whether definitional overlap can distinguish between semantically related and unrelated word pairs .
: to determine whether definitional overlap can [differentiate] between semantically related and unrelated word pairs .

She took a look over her shoulder and saw a horse and rider behind her and at full stretch , but with the sun in her eyes , Artemis could n't distinguish who it was .
she took a look over her shoulder and saw a horse and rider behind her and at full stretch , but with the sun in her eyes , artemis could n't [differentiate] who it was .

The Webbs objected that the scheme did not distinguish sufficiently between deserving and undeserving and that it included no measures for the prevention of unemployment .
the webbs objected that the scheme did not [differentiate] sufficiently between deserving and undeserving and that it included no measures for the prevention of unemployment .

It is customary for historians to distinguish between the ordinary and the extraordinary revenues of the Crown , between , that is to say , its recurrent , peacetime income and those occasional sums derived during wars or other emergencies from parliamentary grants or benevolences .
it is customary for historians to [differentiate] between the ordinary and the extraordinary revenues of the crown , between , that is to say , its recurrent , peacetime income and those occasional sums derived during wars or other emergencies from parliamentary grants or benevolences .

Often the two structures are so intertwined that it is impossible to separate and distinguish them .
often the two structures are so intertwined that it is impossible to separate and [differentiate] them .

You should clearly distinguish between line and staff functions .
you should clearly [differentiate] between line and staff functions .

To answer this question you need to distinguish between status that is earned and that which is not .
to answer this question you need to [differentiate] between status that is earned and that which is not .

It is not always easy to distinguish cases in which a Convention rule is to be treated as precluding the solution to a question that might otherwise be available under the applicable national law from cases in which the Convention rule is to be interpreted as not covering the question at all .
it is not always easy to [differentiate] cases in which a convention rule is to be treated as precluding the solution to a question that might otherwise be available under the applicable national law from cases in which the convention rule is to be interpreted as not covering the question at all .

The Legion went on to distinguish itself in Africa and the Far East , in both World Wars and in Indo-China , where it was almost wiped out .
the legion went on to [differentiate] itself in africa and the far east , in both world wars and in indo-china , where it was almost wiped out .

He still had to distinguish the miracles of Christ from the effects of magic , but this he did by stressing that the former were beneficial whereas the latter , especially in the case of witchcraft , could be detrimental .
he still had to [differentiate] the miracles of christ from the effects of magic , but this he did by stressing that the former were beneficial whereas the latter , especially in the case of witchcraft , could be detrimental .

Critical of the quest for final causes in nature , he was inclined to distinguish between revealed truths that were beyond the realm of intellectual inquiry and scientific truths that were not .
critical of the quest for final causes in nature , he was inclined to [differentiate] between revealed truths that were beyond the realm of intellectual inquiry and scientific truths that were not .

The differentiation went one stage further because Galileo found it necessary to distinguish two senses in which a biblical text could be construed .
the differentiation went one stage further because galileo found it necessary to [differentiate] two senses in which a biblical text could be construed .

Invited the Home Secretary to circulate a memorandum to the Cabinet on the suggestion made by the Lord Chancellor that it might be possible to distinguish between certain types of murder for which capital punishment would be retained and other types for which it would be abolished .
invited the home secretary to circulate a memorandum to the cabinet on the suggestion made by the lord chancellor that it might be possible to [differentiate] between certain types of murder for which capital punishment would be retained and other types for which it would be abolished .

Once the principle had been accepted , the main practical difficulty was seen as how to distinguish between innocent victims of assault and ‘ fraudulent and guilty ’ victims , such as criminals fighting over their spoils or men beating each other up in gang warfare .
once the principle had been accepted , the main practical difficulty was seen as how to [differentiate] between innocent victims of assault and ‘ fraudulent and guilty ’ victims , such as criminals fighting over their spoils or men beating each other up in gang warfare .

Led by , but not restricted to , the Japanese , these were what Michalet ( 1976 ) labelled ‘ workshop ’ affiliates , to distinguish them from the earlier ‘ relay ’ affiliates that ‘ cloned ’ the business in the foreign country .
led by , but not restricted to , the japanese , these were what michalet ( 1976 ) labelled ‘ workshop ’ affiliates , to [differentiate] them from the earlier ‘ relay ’ affiliates that ‘ cloned ’ the business in the foreign country .

Figure 3.1 provides a simple snap-shot of only two dimensions that distinguish one industry from another .
figure 3.1 provides a simple snap-shot of only two dimensions that [differentiate] one industry from another .

Don McCullin , the unit 's Special Assignment Photographer , had also been a greatly respected news photographer in Vietnam , and his monochrome production stills convey a stark realism which can be difficult to distinguish from documentary photographs .
don mccullin , the unit 's special assignment photographer , had also been a greatly respected news photographer in vietnam , and his monochrome production stills convey a stark realism which can be difficult to [differentiate] from documentary photographs .

They distinguish between the function of language as imparting meaning , ‘ making statements which can be assigned a set of truth conditions ’ ( ibid . )
they [differentiate] between the function of language as imparting meaning , ‘ making statements which can be assigned a set of truth conditions ’ ( ibid . )

It seemed that the unschooled Wolof children lacked Western self-consciousness ; they did not distinguish between their own thought or statement about something and the thing itself .
it seemed that the unschooled wolof children lacked western self-consciousness ; they did not [differentiate] between their own thought or statement about something and the thing itself .

But their initial difficulty is recorded as a ‘ lack of western self-consciousness ; they did not distinguish between their own thought or statement about something and the thing in itself ( p. 173 ) .
but their initial difficulty is recorded as a ‘ lack of western self-consciousness ; they did not [differentiate] between their own thought or statement about something and the thing in itself ( p. 173 ) .

To infer that because Wolof children were not familiar with western school practices they were therefore unable to distinguish between their thought and its object unjustifiably inflates the significance of the western school and its practices .
to infer that because wolof children were not familiar with western school practices they were therefore unable to [differentiate] between their thought and its object unjustifiably inflates the significance of the western school and its practices .

The same attempt is being made by all of these writers to distinguish ‘ objective ’ and ‘ context-independent ’ uses from ‘ subjective ’ and ‘ context-dependent ’ uses : in one case the difference is couched in terms of ‘ differences among languages ’ , in another in terms of differences within a language ( elaborated and restricted codes ) , and in yet another in terms of differences between language modes , namely speech and writing .
the same attempt is being made by all of these writers to [differentiate] ‘ objective ’ and ‘ context-independent ’ uses from ‘ subjective ’ and ‘ context-dependent ’ uses : in one case the difference is couched in terms of ‘ differences among languages ’ , in another in terms of differences within a language ( elaborated and restricted codes ) , and in yet another in terms of differences between language modes , namely speech and writing .

He would distinguish the various forms in which meaning may be actualised from the underlying structures on which meaning rests .
he would [differentiate] the various forms in which meaning may be actualised from the underlying structures on which meaning rests .

His method is to distinguish philosophy , which he equates with experience , from the various modes of experience .
his method is to [differentiate] philosophy , which he equates with experience , from the various modes of experience .

No law can be unjust within his scheme since it is only with the establishment of law that one can distinguish between right and wrong .
no law can be unjust within his scheme since it is only with the establishment of law that one can [differentiate] between right and wrong .

These are the conditions which distinguish a legal order : ‘ rules not secret or retrospective , no obligations save those imposed by law , all associates equally and without exception subject to the obligations imposed by law .
these are the conditions which [differentiate] a legal order : ‘ rules not secret or retrospective , no obligations save those imposed by law , all associates equally and without exception subject to the obligations imposed by law .

While we have examined Oakeshott as a conservative thinker therefore we must be careful to distinguish him from the religious conservatism of Burke and from the mainstream forms of conservatism which Huntington identified in the aristocratic and situational theories as ideological defences of the ancien régime or of established institutions .
while we have examined oakeshott as a conservative thinker therefore we must be careful to [differentiate] him from the religious conservatism of burke and from the mainstream forms of conservatism which huntington identified in the aristocratic and situational theories as ideological defences of the ancien régime or of established institutions .

After 1870 industrialization and urbanization entered a new phase , which economic historians have designated the second industrial revolution to distinguish it from the coming of industry to Britain over a century earlier .
after 1870 industrialization and urbanization entered a new phase , which economic historians have designated the second industrial revolution to [differentiate] it from the coming of industry to britain over a century earlier .

The objective in doing so is to identify their ‘ true ’ nature or ideal character and distinguish or highlight the corrupt forms which have entered modern political consciousness as a result of rationalistic errors .
the objective in doing so is to identify their ‘ true ’ nature or ideal character and [differentiate] or highlight the corrupt forms which have entered modern political consciousness as a result of rationalistic errors .

When looking at booking contracts above we did not distinguish between the various forms of establishment which offer food , drink and accommodation .
when looking at booking contracts above we did not [differentiate] between the various forms of establishment which offer food , drink and accommodation .

Editor , — Mike Pringle and John Laverty 's editorial on counselling in general practice fails to distinguish between counselling skills and a counselling service , does not mention patient satisfaction , and omits any reference to the strategy discussed in The Health of the Nation .
editor , — mike pringle and john laverty 's editorial on counselling in general practice fails to [differentiate] between counselling skills and a counselling service , does not mention patient satisfaction , and omits any reference to the strategy discussed in the health of the nation .

Subsequently , children distinguish between what is part of themselves and what is not , and internal and external worlds develop .
subsequently , children [differentiate] between what is part of themselves and what is not , and internal and external worlds develop .

In analysing group behaviour we need to distinguish between the task or what the group is doing ( its content ) and the interactions between members ( the process ) .
in analysing group behaviour we need to [differentiate] between the task or what the group is doing ( its content ) and the interactions between members ( the process ) .

In part this variety reflects the poorly defined vocabulary available to historians seeking to distinguish various traditional authoritarian regimes .
in part this variety reflects the poorly defined vocabulary available to historians seeking to [differentiate] various traditional authoritarian regimes .

The label draws attention to three important developments which distinguish it from the early Romanov State .
the label draws attention to three important developments which [differentiate] it from the early romanov state .

Bees readily learn to distinguish a pattern of stationary horizontal stripes from a similar pattern of vertical stripes .
bees readily learn to [differentiate] a pattern of stationary horizontal stripes from a similar pattern of vertical stripes .

One possibility is that they are blind to the spatial properties of the stimuli and that they can distinguish horizontal from vertical only because the two stripe-patterns activate different classes of motion detectors ; that is , detectors of the vertical motion will be stimulated best when a bee approaches or moves past horizontal stripes , whereas the signature of vertical stripes will be a discharge from detectors of horizontal motion .
one possibility is that they are blind to the spatial properties of the stimuli and that they can [differentiate] horizontal from vertical only because the two stripe-patterns activate different classes of motion detectors ; that is , detectors of the vertical motion will be stimulated best when a bee approaches or moves past horizontal stripes , whereas the signature of vertical stripes will be a discharge from detectors of horizontal motion .

We consider these properties to be advantages of our vaccine rather than disadvantages , as it is just these properties that distinguish the MicroGeneSys vaccine from the other candidates .
we consider these properties to be advantages of our vaccine rather than disadvantages , as it is just these properties that [differentiate] the microgenesys vaccine from the other candidates .

The main reason is to protect the commercial interests of pharmaceutical companies , but in Britain ( and many countries of the European Community ) this has led to blanket secrecy because of the failure to distinguish between legitimate trade secrets ( such as manufacturing processes useful to a competitor ) and commercially sensitive information ( including data on drug safety and problems with efficacy ) .
the main reason is to protect the commercial interests of pharmaceutical companies , but in britain ( and many countries of the european community ) this has led to blanket secrecy because of the failure to [differentiate] between legitimate trade secrets ( such as manufacturing processes useful to a competitor ) and commercially sensitive information ( including data on drug safety and problems with efficacy ) .

With the naked eye , or with binoculars , it is possible to distinguish between two stars which differ by only a tenth of a magnitude .
with the naked eye , or with binoculars , it is possible to [differentiate] between two stars which differ by only a tenth of a magnitude .

Keen-sighted people can distinguish them both with the naked eye .
keen-sighted people can [differentiate] them both with the naked eye .

Working together for the good of the company transcends the need to distinguish production from office or staff employees on the basis of the colour of their collar .
working together for the good of the company transcends the need to [differentiate] production from office or staff employees on the basis of the colour of their collar .

One other feature which is said to distinguish Japanese society from the West concerns their greater propensity towards collective effort for the good of the nation .
one other feature which is said to [differentiate] japanese society from the west concerns their greater propensity towards collective effort for the good of the nation .

There are numerous questions to be raised later about those women who would prefer to continue working , but this example illustrates clearly why it is important to distinguish between age per se and continuous tenure when considering wage profiles .
there are numerous questions to be raised later about those women who would prefer to continue working , but this example illustrates clearly why it is important to [differentiate] between age per se and continuous tenure when considering wage profiles .

Second , the level flag is used to distinguish editorial groups ( with the authority to approve entries for printing ) from others .
second , the level flag is used to [differentiate] editorial groups ( with the authority to approve entries for printing ) from others .

This very frequently discussed feature of Hebrew poetry needs to be mentioned here primarily in order to distinguish it from the subject of this paper .
this very frequently discussed feature of hebrew poetry needs to be mentioned here primarily in order to [differentiate] it from the subject of this paper .

Notice that we avoid the ( anthropomorphic ) term memory , and the term core store , which presupposes a particular store technology ( although it is often used generically ) ; when we wish to distinguish among several levels of storage on a computer , we will refer to this basic level as main or primary store .
notice that we avoid the ( anthropomorphic ) term memory , and the term core store , which presupposes a particular store technology ( although it is often used generically ) ; when we wish to [differentiate] among several levels of storage on a computer , we will refer to this basic level as main or primary store .

1.2 . How does the Von Neumann computer distinguish between a location holding a pair of instructions and a location holding a numeric value ?
1.2 . how does the von neumann computer [differentiate] between a location holding a pair of instructions and a location holding a numeric value ?

Is there any way to distinguish the running of a program on your simulator from its running on the original computer ( apart from speed ) ?
is there any way to [differentiate] the running of a program on your simulator from its running on the original computer ( apart from speed ) ?

Among these operations we can distinguish several examples of data transfer operations , such as loading and storing the accumulator .
among these operations we can [differentiate] several examples of data transfer operations , such as loading and storing the accumulator .

In a real situation , such as on the Data General Nova , it may be difficult to distinguish between the two .
in a real situation , such as on the data general nova , it may be difficult to [differentiate] between the two .

We introduced the processor mode register to distinguish two modes of running , the difference between the two modes being whether or not privileged instructions were enabled .
we introduced the processor mode register to [differentiate] two modes of running , the difference between the two modes being whether or not privileged instructions were enabled .

Further differences may distinguish the two modes of running ; thus supervisor mode might imply a particular accumulator array , no address mapping or protection , and ill interrupts disabled , while problem mode implies a second accumulator array , use of address mapping and protection , and all interrupts enabled .
further differences may [differentiate] the two modes of running ; thus supervisor mode might imply a particular accumulator array , no address mapping or protection , and ill interrupts disabled , while problem mode implies a second accumulator array , use of address mapping and protection , and all interrupts enabled .

All he could distinguish was the sound rather than the words , but he could tell by the tone of her voice that Senga was n't taking it in .
all he could [differentiate] was the sound rather than the words , but he could tell by the tone of her voice that senga was n't taking it in .

Locke does not distinguish between forms of government on the basis of consent `` .
locke does not [differentiate] between forms of government on the basis of consent `` .

Rousseau understood this , and that is one reason why he wished to distinguish between the will of all and what he called `` the general will `` .
rousseau understood this , and that is one reason why he wished to [differentiate] between the will of all and what he called `` the general will `` .

This idea of the representative having a right , and even a duty , to exercise an independent judgement , with this independence being the core of what is held to distinguish a representative from a mere delegate , is a notion which has long survived Burke 's formulation of it .
this idea of the representative having a right , and even a duty , to exercise an independent judgement , with this independence being the core of what is held to [differentiate] a representative from a mere delegate , is a notion which has long survived burke 's formulation of it .

Statistics do not distinguish between induced and spontaneous abortions .
statistics do not [differentiate] between induced and spontaneous abortions .

The skeletal muscles of insects have a complex structure , in which one may distinguish ( i ) the fibrous contractile system , ( ii ) the mitochondria , ( iii ) the tracheal and nervous supply , and ( iv ) the membrane systems ( Smith , 1961 — 66 ) .
the skeletal muscles of insects have a complex structure , in which one may [differentiate] ( i ) the fibrous contractile system , ( ii ) the mitochondria , ( iii ) the tracheal and nervous supply , and ( iv ) the membrane systems ( smith , 1961 — 66 ) .

Some schemes did not distinguish between the two terms , others preferred `` investigations `` , for the open-ended problems , and `` problem `` for a situation which results in a predetermined answer .
some schemes did not [differentiate] between the two terms , others preferred `` investigations `` , for the open-ended problems , and `` problem `` for a situation which results in a predetermined answer .

It does indeed distinguish yesterday and last night from the other instance of constant conjunction , the solar conditions and last night .
it does indeed [differentiate] yesterday and last night from the other instance of constant conjunction , the solar conditions and last night .

What we would need to do is establish about Brown 's mental event and Green 's mental event that if either man also had the other 's experience , he could not distinguish in content between the two events .
what we would need to do is establish about brown 's mental event and green 's mental event that if either man also had the other 's experience , he could not [differentiate] in content between the two events .

It is necessary to distinguish `` night terrors `` from dreaming nightmares .
it is necessary to [differentiate] `` night terrors `` from dreaming nightmares .

Only during or after epiblast diversification can experimental interference preferentially modify or distinguish particular fetal tissues ( 2 ) .
only during or after epiblast diversification can experimental interference preferentially modify or [differentiate] particular fetal tissues ( 2 ) .

In principle , single cell genetic markers could be used to distinguish injected donor cells from surrounding host tissue .
in principle , single cell genetic markers could be used to [differentiate] injected donor cells from surrounding host tissue .

However , at present , apart from interspecific markers , no ubiquitous genetic marker exists which can be used to distinguish individual cells in the early embryonic tissues of the post-implantation conceptus .
however , at present , apart from interspecific markers , no ubiquitous genetic marker exists which can be used to [differentiate] individual cells in the early embryonic tissues of the post-implantation conceptus .

The pronunciation does n't distinguish between -ance and -ence ( see " unstressed syllables " below ) .
the pronunciation does n't [differentiate] between -ance and -ence ( see " unstressed syllables " below ) .

However , to distinguish changes perceived in this way from extra-curricular or infrastructural developments begs the question of what constitutes `` the curriculum `` in the first place .
however , to [differentiate] changes perceived in this way from extra-curricular or infrastructural developments begs the question of what constitutes `` the curriculum `` in the first place .

None the less , for purposes of analysis we shall employ the terms curricular , extracurricular and infrastructural developments to distinguish various loci of change .
none the less , for purposes of analysis we shall employ the terms curricular , extracurricular and infrastructural developments to [differentiate] various loci of change .

There are several consequences of this complexity and they include the following : ( 1 ) It is difficult to distinguish those events which are the result of the project from those which are the result of other events contemporary with the project .
there are several consequences of this complexity and they include the following : ( 1 ) it is difficult to [differentiate] those events which are the result of the project from those which are the result of other events contemporary with the project .

Given the complex of factors involved , teachers in this school found it difficult to distinguish the library project per se from the overall development of the library on the one hand and the development of study skills on the other .
given the complex of factors involved , teachers in this school found it difficult to [differentiate] the library project per se from the overall development of the library on the one hand and the development of study skills on the other .

In both schools discussed above , these terms were used sometimes interchangeably , sometimes quite precisely to distinguish different orders of activity , and sometimes with a vagueness which suggested little or no thought about what each might convey .
in both schools discussed above , these terms were used sometimes interchangeably , sometimes quite precisely to [differentiate] different orders of activity , and sometimes with a vagueness which suggested little or no thought about what each might convey .

Paphos — the Roman capital of Cyprus — has a harbour , basilica , castle and the Tombs of the Kings ( left ) to distinguish it from purpose-built resorts .
paphos — the roman capital of cyprus — has a harbour , basilica , castle and the tombs of the kings ( left ) to [differentiate] it from purpose-built resorts .

The ‘ Second ’ Prokofiev Sonata comes first on the disc — in its original guide as a flute sonata it dies predate the First Sonata — and it is here that Hardy and Devos really distinguish themselves .
the ‘ second ’ prokofiev sonata comes first on the disc — in its original guide as a flute sonata it dies predate the first sonata — and it is here that hardy and devos really [differentiate] themselves .

Some people , indeed , would not wish to distinguish at all between the personal and amenity services , regarding them all as essentially people-based .
some people , indeed , would not wish to [differentiate] at all between the personal and amenity services , regarding them all as essentially people-based .

Accountants are not professionally qualified to distinguish between the lack of cost effectiveness arising from legitimate political decisions of councillors and that arising from management failures ( The Times 5.4.83 ) .
accountants are not professionally qualified to [differentiate] between the lack of cost effectiveness arising from legitimate political decisions of councillors and that arising from management failures ( the times 5.4.83 ) .

Offering a single-sentence , short-hand definition such as ‘ Sociology is the study of human society and human social behaviour ’ may seem rather vague and uninformative ( though being essentially accurate ) , or not sufficiently precise as to distinguish sociology from other disciplines such as psychology .
offering a single-sentence , short-hand definition such as ‘ sociology is the study of human society and human social behaviour ’ may seem rather vague and uninformative ( though being essentially accurate ) , or not sufficiently precise as to [differentiate] sociology from other disciplines such as psychology .

In exploring the origins of norms , it is important at this stage to distinguish two sources of change .
in exploring the origins of norms , it is important at this stage to [differentiate] two sources of change .

As we shall see in Chapter 2 , we can distinguish different types of social structure which systematically generate unequal distributions of power and reward .
as we shall see in chapter 2 , we can [differentiate] different types of social structure which systematically generate unequal distributions of power and reward .

However , it is clear that we still need to distinguish between different advantages which can be distributed unequally .
however , it is clear that we still need to [differentiate] between different advantages which can be distributed unequally .

At the same time , we may distinguish unequal strata within a class .
at the same time , we may [differentiate] unequal strata within a class .

Thus , we can see that we can distinguish three main classes in contemporary capitalist society .
thus , we can see that we can [differentiate] three main classes in contemporary capitalist society .

In general , one can distinguish between the fundamental conditions of any capitalist system which explain its continuation — private property and market capacity — and the resulting inequalities of wealth-ownership and life-chances .
in general , one can [differentiate] between the fundamental conditions of any capitalist system which explain its continuation — private property and market capacity — and the resulting inequalities of wealth-ownership and life-chances .

In comparing societies with this ideal , open condition , we can distinguish two aspects of mobility :
in comparing societies with this ideal , open condition , we can [differentiate] two aspects of mobility :

Again , people were quick to distinguish between the fact that William Joyce might be a man of unpleasant and hysterical views , the supporter of a tyrannical regime , and the suspicion that the British authorities might in some way have rigged his trial .
again , people were quick to [differentiate] between the fact that william joyce might be a man of unpleasant and hysterical views , the supporter of a tyrannical regime , and the suspicion that the british authorities might in some way have rigged his trial .

Born Jan Ludwig Hoch , the son of a Czech labourer , Robert Maxwell escaped the Nazis to distinguish himself in the British Army .
born jan ludwig hoch , the son of a czech labourer , robert maxwell escaped the nazis to [differentiate] himself in the british army .

We shall distinguish the three layers just indicated , and on each shall contrast an analysis which proceeds ‘ top-down ’ ( from system to unit ) with one which proceeds ‘ bottom-up ’ ( from unit to system ) .
we shall [differentiate] the three layers just indicated , and on each shall contrast an analysis which proceeds ‘ top-down ’ ( from system to unit ) with one which proceeds ‘ bottom-up ’ ( from unit to system ) .

Here we should distinguish between signs and symbols .
here we should [differentiate] between signs and symbols .

But we should distinguish at least between the meaning of an utterance and what the utterer meant by it .
but we should [differentiate] at least between the meaning of an utterance and what the utterer meant by it .

All the more so , because scholastic attempts to distinguish between the various religious denominations have deflected attention from the importance of the politically oriented Zealots .
all the more so , because scholastic attempts to [differentiate] between the various religious denominations have deflected attention from the importance of the politically oriented zealots .

The respondents tried to distinguish the former on what it is submitted is the irrelevant ground that it operated in legal systems , such as the French , in which the criteria for establishing jurisdictional competence did not always guarantee a close connection between the defendant and the forum .
the respondents tried to [differentiate] the former on what it is submitted is the irrelevant ground that it operated in legal systems , such as the french , in which the criteria for establishing jurisdictional competence did not always guarantee a close connection between the defendant and the forum .

Related considerations led a number of courts to distinguish between party and non-party witnesses . Although this distinction has no basis in the text of the Convention , it was argued that if the person required to produce material or provide a deposition were a party subject to the in personam jurisdiction of the United States courts then the Convention did not offer any protection
related considerations led a number of courts to [differentiate] between party and non-party witnesses . although this distinction has no basis in the text of the convention , it was argued that if the person required to produce material or provide a deposition were a party subject to the in personam jurisdiction of the united states courts then the convention did not offer any protection

In considering patterns of morbidity both within and between populations it is usual to distinguish between acute and chronic health problems .
in considering patterns of morbidity both within and between populations it is usual to [differentiate] between acute and chronic health problems .

Separate information is available for utilization of mental hospital beds which distinguish between first admissions and all admissions .
separate information is available for utilization of mental hospital beds which [differentiate] between first admissions and all admissions .

But to be able to distinguish the action as a meaningful element in a system of such elements we must be able to represent its valeur .
but to be able to [differentiate] the action as a meaningful element in a system of such elements we must be able to represent its valeur .

In particular we shall show that there is good reason to distinguish ritual aggressive action , made up of elements of symbolic or metonymic violence , from physical violence directed in an aggressive way towards another human being .
in particular we shall show that there is good reason to [differentiate] ritual aggressive action , made up of elements of symbolic or metonymic violence , from physical violence directed in an aggressive way towards another human being .

It was already nightfall when Whitlock crossed the Heuss Bridge over the Rhine and turned the Golf Corbio into Rampenstrasse , his eyes screwed up behind his tinted glasses as he tried to distinguish the numbers , many of them faded and indistinct , on the rows of warehouses lining the river bank .
it was already nightfall when whitlock crossed the heuss bridge over the rhine and turned the golf corbio into rampenstrasse , his eyes screwed up behind his tinted glasses as he tried to [differentiate] the numbers , many of them faded and indistinct , on the rows of warehouses lining the river bank .

Instead it is important to distinguish between legitimate and illegitimate share trading .
instead it is important to [differentiate] between legitimate and illegitimate share trading .

The law is called upon to distinguish between information which may be legitimately used to make a stock market trade , and that which may not .
the law is called upon to [differentiate] between information which may be legitimately used to make a stock market trade , and that which may not .

The public has to distinguish between highly qualified professionals like psychiatrists and psychologists at one end of the range and , at the other end of the range , discriminate between self styled doctors untrained in diagnosis and registered medical practitioners .
the public has to [differentiate] between highly qualified professionals like psychiatrists and psychologists at one end of the range and , at the other end of the range , discriminate between self styled doctors untrained in diagnosis and registered medical practitioners .

In her densely argued and complex paper , Hodge points out that one can distinguish between the subject , a notion with ontological and metaphysical commitments , and subjectivity , an empiricist notion ( developed , for example , by Hume ) which retains its epistemological function while abandoning its ontological links .
in her densely argued and complex paper , hodge points out that one can [differentiate] between the subject , a notion with ontological and metaphysical commitments , and subjectivity , an empiricist notion ( developed , for example , by hume ) which retains its epistemological function while abandoning its ontological links .

But then , either Hobbes has failed to distinguish the child from at least the higher and domesticated animals or the force of ‘ intelligently ’ must be explained in such a way as to exclude animals .
but then , either hobbes has failed to [differentiate] the child from at least the higher and domesticated animals or the force of ‘ intelligently ’ must be explained in such a way as to exclude animals .

If , on the other hand , you allow rationality to children , then you can not use their lack of it as a criterion to distinguish them from adults .
if , on the other hand , you allow rationality to children , then you can not use their lack of it as a criterion to [differentiate] them from adults .

Frye is writing here as if it were possible to distinguish the interests of one self sharply from those of another , and as if , were the effects of male domination to be undone , it would not be too much of a problem for the self to know what its interests were .
frye is writing here as if it were possible to [differentiate] the interests of one self sharply from those of another , and as if , were the effects of male domination to be undone , it would not be too much of a problem for the self to know what its interests were .

To be autonomous or authentic one should be strong , independent , rational , coherent or consistent , able to distinguish clearly those aspects of one 's previous self which derive from male-dominated conditioning and reject them .
to be autonomous or authentic one should be strong , independent , rational , coherent or consistent , able to [differentiate] clearly those aspects of one 's previous self which derive from male-dominated conditioning and reject them .

However , they may find it difficult to distinguish between what they feel and what they ought to feel .
however , they may find it difficult to [differentiate] between what they feel and what they ought to feel .

Most sociologists would wish to maintain that , while their social science does not meet the rigorous criteria of a natural science , in terms of the procedures used for verification of theoretical hypotheses there is some disciplined thinking and testing of ideas going on in sociology which does distinguish it from religious or mystical thinking .
most sociologists would wish to maintain that , while their social science does not meet the rigorous criteria of a natural science , in terms of the procedures used for verification of theoretical hypotheses there is some disciplined thinking and testing of ideas going on in sociology which does [differentiate] it from religious or mystical thinking .

The problem is to distinguish this type of rejection of psychoanalytic propositions — the result of the feelings aroused in people by uncomfortable material — from what might be called genuine objections of a kind which are reasoned and scientific .
the problem is to [differentiate] this type of rejection of psychoanalytic propositions — the result of the feelings aroused in people by uncomfortable material — from what might be called genuine objections of a kind which are reasoned and scientific .

They are even admitted to be absurd by Tertullian — ‘ Credo quia absurdum ’ — and believed in for that very reason ; but this is an argument which does not enable us to distinguish which absurd propositions we are to believe Freud thought .
they are even admitted to be absurd by tertullian — ‘ credo quia absurdum ’ — and believed in for that very reason ; but this is an argument which does not enable us to [differentiate] which absurd propositions we are to believe freud thought .

However , it is important to distinguish between the unconscious elements in work of the kind he pursued , and the element of correspondence with reality , or rationality of thought , which is to be distinguished from phantasy .
however , it is important to [differentiate] between the unconscious elements in work of the kind he pursued , and the element of correspondence with reality , or rationality of thought , which is to be distinguished from phantasy .

Both characteristics were to distinguish his rule over the next forty years .
both characteristics were to [differentiate] his rule over the next forty years .

Nothing , other than ownership and the secret garden , appears to distinguish them from the other tenants around them .
nothing , other than ownership and the secret garden , appears to [differentiate] them from the other tenants around them .

The reason is that these colleges agreed to be pilots for a new form of subject assessment described as ‘ intensive ’ to distinguish it from the usual sampling method by which visits take place .
the reason is that these colleges agreed to be pilots for a new form of subject assessment described as ‘ intensive ’ to [differentiate] it from the usual sampling method by which visits take place .

The ‘ bureaucratic politics ’ model of communist government has four major elements that distinguish public administration under state socialism from its counterpart in the liberal-democratic state : the political dominance of a centralized and bureaucratized party ; the absence of party competition , making the party a permanent government and therefore weakening accountability ; the interweaving of party and state bureaucracies for control purposes ; and the socialization of the means of production , distribution and exchange and most other social relations .
the ‘ bureaucratic politics ’ model of communist government has four major elements that [differentiate] public administration under state socialism from its counterpart in the liberal-democratic state : the political dominance of a centralized and bureaucratized party ; the absence of party competition , making the party a permanent government and therefore weakening accountability ; the interweaving of party and state bureaucracies for control purposes ; and the socialization of the means of production , distribution and exchange and most other social relations .

However , Nove points out that wherever one draws a boundary to distinguish those with power from those without , those within the ruling stratum operate bureaucratically .
however , nove points out that wherever one draws a boundary to [differentiate] those with power from those without , those within the ruling stratum operate bureaucratically .

The problem is how to distinguish ‘ the bureaucracy ’ from other white-collar employees and functionaries of the state .
the problem is how to [differentiate] ‘ the bureaucracy ’ from other white-collar employees and functionaries of the state .

Bacharach and Lawler ( 1980 ) distinguish between what they call the bases of power ( or what is controlled that enables behaviour to be changed ) and sources of power ( or how individuals or groups come to control the bases of power ) .
bacharach and lawler ( 1980 ) [differentiate] between what they call the bases of power ( or what is controlled that enables behaviour to be changed ) and sources of power ( or how individuals or groups come to control the bases of power ) .

Dunleavy also wishes to distinguish between different levels of the bureaucracy in explaining why , contrary to budget-maximization accounts , privatization has met with so little resistance from senior officials .
dunleavy also wishes to [differentiate] between different levels of the bureaucracy in explaining why , contrary to budget-maximization accounts , privatization has met with so little resistance from senior officials .

The absence of the profit motive as an incentive to efficiency does not adequately distinguish public and private employees .
the absence of the profit motive as an incentive to efficiency does not adequately [differentiate] public and private employees .

Geneva Street was a row of identical terraced houses without even different front-door paint jobs to distinguish them .
geneva street was a row of identical terraced houses without even different front-door paint jobs to [differentiate] them .

It is useful to distinguish three theories connected with the metatheory .
it is useful to [differentiate] three theories connected with the metatheory .

The volume of economic transnational practices has increased phenomenally since the 1950s , as evidenced by the tremendous growth of foreign trade , l and this means that even some quite poor people in some poor countries can now distinguish many consumer goods in terms of their origins and the status-conferring advantages that some origins have over others .
the volume of economic transnational practices has increased phenomenally since the 1950s , as evidenced by the tremendous growth of foreign trade , l and this means that even some quite poor people in some poor countries can now [differentiate] many consumer goods in terms of their origins and the status-conferring advantages that some origins have over others .

We must distinguish at least three cases : first , where unions are prohibited or repressed ; second , where official government or company unions are permitted ; third , where genuinely independent unions actually operate.6 While most TNCs in most countries will follow the local rules regarding the unions , host governments , particularly in export processing industries ( not always under pressure from foreign investors ) , have suspended national labour legislation .
we must [differentiate] at least three cases : first , where unions are prohibited or repressed ; second , where official government or company unions are permitted ; third , where genuinely independent unions actually operate.6 while most tncs in most countries will follow the local rules regarding the unions , host governments , particularly in export processing industries ( not always under pressure from foreign investors ) , have suspended national labour legislation .

It is useful to distinguish between economic and political practices here .
it is useful to [differentiate] between economic and political practices here .

Here it is useful to distinguish between private and public media .
here it is useful to [differentiate] between private and public media .

We may distinguish the following cases :
we may [differentiate] the following cases :

To avoid this it is necessary to distinguish foreign and transnational , and also autonomous development and national development .
to avoid this it is necessary to [differentiate] foreign and transnational , and also autonomous development and national development .

We should distinguish here between expropriation , which suggests that little or no compensation is paid ; nationalization and forced divestment , which leave the question open ; and indigenization , which suggests that foreign personnel and control are changed to indigenous personnel and control .
we should [differentiate] here between expropriation , which suggests that little or no compensation is paid ; nationalization and forced divestment , which leave the question open ; and indigenization , which suggests that foreign personnel and control are changed to indigenous personnel and control .

The histopathological features that distinguish Crohn 's disease from ulcerative colitis are well described .
the histopathological features that [differentiate] crohn 's disease from ulcerative colitis are well described .

It may be very difficult to distinguish Crohn 's disease from recurrent pouchitis , nevertheless typical small bowel recurrence has become apparent in all three patients who have had their pouch excised and in one other case in this series .
it may be very difficult to [differentiate] crohn 's disease from recurrent pouchitis , nevertheless typical small bowel recurrence has become apparent in all three patients who have had their pouch excised and in one other case in this series .

In the management of acute pancreatitis it is important to distinguish between interstitial oedematous pancreatitis and necrotising pancreatitis .
in the management of acute pancreatitis it is important to [differentiate] between interstitial oedematous pancreatitis and necrotising pancreatitis .

Consequently , available prolonged oesophageal manometric recordings can not differentiate between deglutitive and non-deglutitive motor activity and they are unable to distinguish multiple pressure peaks induced by a single deglutition from a pressure complex induced by repetitive swallowing , or to separate dry swallows from wet or solid swallows .
consequently , available prolonged oesophageal manometric recordings can not differentiate between deglutitive and non-deglutitive motor activity and they are unable to [differentiate] multiple pressure peaks induced by a single deglutition from a pressure complex induced by repetitive swallowing , or to separate dry swallows from wet or solid swallows .

It is not always easy for the visitor to distinguish the Greek work from Roman in these instances , but in general much more Roman building survives than the earlier Greek .
it is not always easy for the visitor to [differentiate] the greek work from roman in these instances , but in general much more roman building survives than the earlier greek .

Until far more excavation has been completed , it will be hard to distinguish between what is typical of an area and what is unusual .
until far more excavation has been completed , it will be hard to [differentiate] between what is typical of an area and what is unusual .

Here then were two criteria , language and place of birth , which men of different kinds employed to distinguish between nations .
here then were two criteria , language and place of birth , which men of different kinds employed to [differentiate] between nations .

Besides , it is not always easy to distinguish treatments that alleviate symptoms and enhance life from those that prolong it ; this point is well illustrated by the use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors for cardiac failure .
besides , it is not always easy to [differentiate] treatments that alleviate symptoms and enhance life from those that prolong it ; this point is well illustrated by the use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors for cardiac failure .

Moreover , the concordance data on twins reared together do not distinguish conclusively between genetic and environmental transmission .
moreover , the concordance data on twins reared together do not [differentiate] conclusively between genetic and environmental transmission .

Your comment that there should be ‘ a clear distinction between medicolegal intervention requested by the police and health care ’ may be an ideal but in practice it is often difficult if not impossible to distinguish clearly between the two .
your comment that there should be ‘ a clear distinction between medicolegal intervention requested by the police and health care ’ may be an ideal but in practice it is often difficult if not impossible to [differentiate] clearly between the two .

He could not distinguish her words but she sounded harassed and tense .
he could not [differentiate] her words but she sounded harassed and tense .

The hall light was still on and he put his ear to the letter box ; he could hear her voice on the telephone but could not distinguish her words .
the hall light was still on and he put his ear to the letter box ; he could hear her voice on the telephone but could not [differentiate] her words .

The middle panel of the table attempts to distinguish the distribution of income from the distribution of wealth .
the middle panel of the table attempts to [differentiate] the distribution of income from the distribution of wealth .

Americans especially distinguish between ‘ realty ’ ( land , housing , property type wealth ) and ‘ personalty ’ , the latter being subdivided further into tangibles ( physical-type personal wealth , e.g .
americans especially [differentiate] between ‘ realty ’ ( land , housing , property type wealth ) and ‘ personalty ’ , the latter being subdivided further into tangibles ( physical-type personal wealth , e.g .

Issue numbers distinguish between two kinds of modification record :
issue numbers [differentiate] between two kinds of modification record :

Gough was careful to distinguish between the twelve farms , the forty-eight tenements and the growing number of cottages .
gough was careful to [differentiate] between the twelve farms , the forty-eight tenements and the growing number of cottages .

solids Some of the characteristics that distinguish these three states of matter are shown in table 3.1 .
solids some of the characteristics that [differentiate] these three states of matter are shown in table 3.1 .

Solids distinguish themselves from liquids and gases in that they have fixed shapes and fixed volumes .
solids [differentiate] themselves from liquids and gases in that they have fixed shapes and fixed volumes .

For example , mothers learn to distinguish between the crying of their own babies and the crying of others .
for example , mothers learn to [differentiate] between the crying of their own babies and the crying of others .

Financial status ratios indicate the financial position of the company and distinguish between solvency ( that is , the ability of a company to meet its financial obligations as they become due ) and liquidity ( that is , the ability of a company to meet its short-term liabilities ) , and between long-term and short-term capacity to meet liabilities .
financial status ratios indicate the financial position of the company and [differentiate] between solvency ( that is , the ability of a company to meet its financial obligations as they become due ) and liquidity ( that is , the ability of a company to meet its short-term liabilities ) , and between long-term and short-term capacity to meet liabilities .

Stoltenberg proposed ( i ) an improvement in the screening process in Hong Kong in order to distinguish between genuine refugees and economic migrants ; ( ii ) improved conditions within the Hong Kong refugee camps ; ( iii ) the acceptance of an agreement by Vietnam to increase its intake of returning voluntary refugees ; and ( iv ) an international effort to give direct economic assistance to those regions in Vietnam from which the boat people had come .
stoltenberg proposed ( i ) an improvement in the screening process in hong kong in order to [differentiate] between genuine refugees and economic migrants ; ( ii ) improved conditions within the hong kong refugee camps ; ( iii ) the acceptance of an agreement by vietnam to increase its intake of returning voluntary refugees ; and ( iv ) an international effort to give direct economic assistance to those regions in vietnam from which the boat people had come .

In carefully structured interviews on the concept of God with three and four-year old children she found that if she began by asking them to distinguish between objects which were man-made and ones which were natural and then to speculate about origins in each case , a majority of the responses referred to the natural objects being made by God or an unknown power ( almost half and half responses on this ) .
in carefully structured interviews on the concept of god with three and four-year old children she found that if she began by asking them to [differentiate] between objects which were man-made and ones which were natural and then to speculate about origins in each case , a majority of the responses referred to the natural objects being made by god or an unknown power ( almost half and half responses on this ) .

Equally important for understanding of religion is the ability to distinguish between what is peripheral and what is central .
equally important for understanding of religion is the ability to [differentiate] between what is peripheral and what is central .

It still surprises me sometimes how difficult some children find it to distinguish between the drama world of pretend and the real world .
it still surprises me sometimes how difficult some children find it to [differentiate] between the drama world of pretend and the real world .

They may also have naively failed to distinguish between genuine British opposition to American demands and a tactical stance designed to wring aid from Washington .
they may also have naively failed to [differentiate] between genuine british opposition to american demands and a tactical stance designed to wring aid from washington .

As a result , it is not always easy to distinguish between the two peoples in the context of attacks on northern Gaul .
as a result , it is not always easy to [differentiate] between the two peoples in the context of attacks on northern gaul .

Much of what has been deduced about the institutionalized authority held by bishops in the late fifth and early sixth century , over and above their canonical jurisdiction , depends on episcopal epitaphs : it is not easy to distinguish fact from topos in such documents .
much of what has been deduced about the institutionalized authority held by bishops in the late fifth and early sixth century , over and above their canonical jurisdiction , depends on episcopal epitaphs : it is not easy to [differentiate] fact from topos in such documents .

But if he sometimes tends to distinguish active from contemplative life in terms of life-style , he is also aware of the strenuousness of contemplative life and stresses that solitude alone will not yield the fruits of contemplative life .
but if he sometimes tends to [differentiate] active from contemplative life in terms of life-style , he is also aware of the strenuousness of contemplative life and stresses that solitude alone will not yield the fruits of contemplative life .

There is a delightful passage where he addresses himself to the role of dreams and faces out the difficulty inherent in medieval lore which others like Chaucer resolve through ambiguity : namely , that in a situation where some dreams were held to reveal truth and others to be the products of a disordered digestive system , it is difficult to distinguish true from false .
there is a delightful passage where he addresses himself to the role of dreams and faces out the difficulty inherent in medieval lore which others like chaucer resolve through ambiguity : namely , that in a situation where some dreams were held to reveal truth and others to be the products of a disordered digestive system , it is difficult to [differentiate] true from false .

He is much clearer analytically and more comprehensive than Rolle in his discussion of this matter and realises that the terms distinguish essentially complementary modes of living .
he is much clearer analytically and more comprehensive than rolle in his discussion of this matter and realises that the terms [differentiate] essentially complementary modes of living .

But there is no evidence that the Greeks ever became seriously concerned with problems of ethnic classification ; nor do they seem to have worried about the practical problem of how to distinguish between strange men and monsters .
but there is no evidence that the greeks ever became seriously concerned with problems of ethnic classification ; nor do they seem to have worried about the practical problem of how to [differentiate] between strange men and monsters .

The former were inclined to present their arguments within a mould of imaginary social history which assumed that , in his essence , man is a `` unity even though human societies are different ; the latter were preoccupied with classification and were therefore predisposed to distinguish the varieties of mankind in the same way as they were accustomed to distinguish the varieties of animals , birds , plants and insects .
the former were inclined to present their arguments within a mould of imaginary social history which assumed that , in his essence , man is a `` unity even though human societies are different ; the latter were preoccupied with classification and were therefore predisposed to [differentiate] the varieties of mankind in the same way as they were accustomed to [differentiate] the varieties of animals , birds , plants and insects .

Even when the discriminations of the zoologists began to be based on systematic classification rather than fantasy the criteria that were used to distinguish man from non-man remained very uncertain .
even when the discriminations of the zoologists began to be based on systematic classification rather than fantasy the criteria that were used to [differentiate] man from non-man remained very uncertain .

They too have assumed that there is something natural and self-evident about the human individual as a separate physical body , but then , in order to distinguish their own field of enquiry from that of the physical anthropologists , they have reified their special concept of culture to a point where we end up with the implicit definition : `` Culture is everything which concerns the life and behaviour of human beings which is not an aspect of human nature , as the physical anthropologists perceive it . ``
they too have assumed that there is something natural and self-evident about the human individual as a separate physical body , but then , in order to [differentiate] their own field of enquiry from that of the physical anthropologists , they have reified their special concept of culture to a point where we end up with the implicit definition : `` culture is everything which concerns the life and behaviour of human beings which is not an aspect of human nature , as the physical anthropologists perceive it . ``

They were also inclined to distinguish reason from imagination and to regard the latter as a sensual quality corresponding to the animal nature of man whereas intellect corresponded to his divine nature .
they were also inclined to [differentiate] reason from imagination and to regard the latter as a sensual quality corresponding to the animal nature of man whereas intellect corresponded to his divine nature .

Currently the most widely known ( and also most widely criticized ) theory on the subject is that of Noam Chomsky who has pointed out that , although children have to learn the meanings of individual words from their elders ( which would make language a phenomenon of culture ) , they seem to know how to string words together so as to distinguish sense from nonsense long before they have acquired any substantial vocabulary .
currently the most widely known ( and also most widely criticized ) theory on the subject is that of noam chomsky who has pointed out that , although children have to learn the meanings of individual words from their elders ( which would make language a phenomenon of culture ) , they seem to know how to string words together so as to [differentiate] sense from nonsense long before they have acquired any substantial vocabulary .

Such rules serve to distinguish further basic social categories : friends from enemies , domestic animals from wild beasts , and so on .
such rules serve to [differentiate] further basic social categories : friends from enemies , domestic animals from wild beasts , and so on .

Likewise within any one human society , there are always very complex regulations , partly explicit , partly implicit , about the precise circumstances in which a sexual relationship between two individuals is to be deemed proper or improper , and this again serves to distinguish social categories : close relatives from distant relatives , wives from sisters , lords from commoners .
likewise within any one human society , there are always very complex regulations , partly explicit , partly implicit , about the precise circumstances in which a sexual relationship between two individuals is to be deemed proper or improper , and this again serves to [differentiate] social categories : close relatives from distant relatives , wives from sisters , lords from commoners .

We tend to favour simple geometrical shapes and sharply contrasted formal rules because they make it that much easier to distinguish right from wrong , normal from abnormal .
we tend to favour simple geometrical shapes and sharply contrasted formal rules because they make it that much easier to [differentiate] right from wrong , normal from abnormal .

It is important here to distinguish between the short-term objectives of the fieldworker and the longer-term objectives of the anthropological theorist .
it is important here to [differentiate] between the short-term objectives of the fieldworker and the longer-term objectives of the anthropological theorist .

The observer must distinguish between what people actually do and what people say that they do ; that is between normal custom as individually interpreted on the one hand and normative rules on the other .
the observer must [differentiate] between what people actually do and what people say that they do ; that is between normal custom as individually interpreted on the one hand and normative rules on the other .

He must not only distinguish behaviour from ideology , he must also take careful note of just how they are interrelated .
he must not only [differentiate] behaviour from ideology , he must also take careful note of just how they are interrelated .

One of the characteristics which distinguish `` modern industrial `` from `` preindustrial `` society is that in the former there is a wide circulation of `` money `` , where `` money `` means a general medium of exchange and a store of value which serves equally well as a reward for services rendered and as a means of purchasing commodities in the market .
one of the characteristics which [differentiate] `` modern industrial `` from `` preindustrial `` society is that in the former there is a wide circulation of `` money `` , where `` money `` means a general medium of exchange and a store of value which serves equally well as a reward for services rendered and as a means of purchasing commodities in the market .

Possibly distinguish one-off transactions from regular replacement .
possibly [differentiate] one-off transactions from regular replacement .

In addition , they aim to distinguish between the problems experienced by
in addition , they aim to [differentiate] between the problems experienced by

This should enable the research to distinguish , more clearly than is usual in government , the specific influences of organisational and political variables on management approaches , as opposed to the issue of feasibility .
this should enable the research to [differentiate] , more clearly than is usual in government , the specific influences of organisational and political variables on management approaches , as opposed to the issue of feasibility .

This project will distinguish the degree of inequality in the experience of unemployment in six local labour markets in Britain .
this project will [differentiate] the degree of inequality in the experience of unemployment in six local labour markets in britain .

It will distinguish the extent to which national as distinct from regional factors influence pay .
it will [differentiate] the extent to which national as distinct from regional factors influence pay .

An alternative school of thought , associated with Thomas Schelling , argues that rational bargainers can be influenced by non-mathematical ‘ cues ’ which distinguish one potential agreement as particularly prominent ( a ‘ focal point ’ ) : this gives rise to a self-fulfilling expectation that agreement will be reached at this point .
an alternative school of thought , associated with thomas schelling , argues that rational bargainers can be influenced by non-mathematical ‘ cues ’ which [differentiate] one potential agreement as particularly prominent ( a ‘ focal point ’ ) : this gives rise to a self-fulfilling expectation that agreement will be reached at this point .

The Hong Kong Government decided to introduce screening procedures to distinguish refugees from those who were leaving only for economic reasons .
the hong kong government decided to introduce screening procedures to [differentiate] refugees from those who were leaving only for economic reasons .

Comparative education studies , in attempting to describe these contextual differences , have used international ideal-typical models to distinguish initially between national traditions .
comparative education studies , in attempting to describe these contextual differences , have used international ideal-typical models to [differentiate] initially between national traditions .

It has been clearly expressed ( Anon 1970 ) 4 that merely counting ‘ publication rate would not distinguish between the fluency of genius and the loud noises of empty vessels . ’
it has been clearly expressed ( anon 1970 ) 4 that merely counting ‘ publication rate would not [differentiate] between the fluency of genius and the loud noises of empty vessels . ’

The most import ; ant characters which distinguish the Ophiacanthinae are the often long and narrow mainly internal radial shields ; the small scale-like plates of the disk and the relative broad jaw coupled with a relatively simple arrangement of apical and oral papillae .
the most import ; ant characters which [differentiate] the ophiacanthinae are the often long and narrow mainly internal radial shields ; the small scale-like plates of the disk and the relative broad jaw coupled with a relatively simple arrangement of apical and oral papillae .

As yet there is no morphological features which can distinguish them as separate species , except perhaps the features mentioned above but this needs to be investigated .
as yet there is no morphological features which can [differentiate] them as separate species , except perhaps the features mentioned above but this needs to be investigated .

The radial shields are also covered with rugose granules but it is possible to distinguish their position on the disk .
the radial shields are also covered with rugose granules but it is possible to [differentiate] their position on the disk .

Within the Ophioplinthacinae the characters used to distinguish the genera are the shape and position of the radial shields , the shape of the disk whether or not it is indented and the form and number of both the apical and oral papillae , the arrangement of the adoral and oral shields and the degree of development of the dorsal arm plates .
within the ophioplinthacinae the characters used to [differentiate] the genera are the shape and position of the radial shields , the shape of the disk whether or not it is indented and the form and number of both the apical and oral papillae , the arrangement of the adoral and oral shields and the degree of development of the dorsal arm plates .

For example , the differences cited by Matsumoto ( 1917 ) to distinguish `` Ophiophthalmus `` from Ophiomitrella were the contiguous proximal dorsal arm plates and the absence of a fan arrangement of arm spines on the proximal arm segments .
for example , the differences cited by matsumoto ( 1917 ) to [differentiate] `` ophiophthalmus `` from ophiomitrella were the contiguous proximal dorsal arm plates and the absence of a fan arrangement of arm spines on the proximal arm segments .

There are several apical papillae flanked on each side by many oral papillae , it is difficult to distinguish the oral from the apical papillae .
there are several apical papillae flanked on each side by many oral papillae , it is difficult to [differentiate] the oral from the apical papillae .

The first may be difficult to distinguish from the ventral arm spines but may be recognised because it usually lies between the preceding arm spine row and the row of the arm segment with the pore .
the first may be difficult to [differentiate] from the ventral arm spines but may be recognised because it usually lies between the preceding arm spine row and the row of the arm segment with the pore .

It is covered by scales ; in small specimens , disk diameter c. 2.5 m , it is possible to distinguish the centrodorsal and primary plates but in larger specimens they become inconspicuous .
it is covered by scales ; in small specimens , disk diameter c. 2.5 m , it is possible to [differentiate] the centrodorsal and primary plates but in larger specimens they become inconspicuous .

The disk is pentagonal , box-like with steep sides ; covered by small plates amongst which it is possible to distinguish the centrodorsal plate but not usually the primary radial plates ; disk diameter up to 10 mm .
the disk is pentagonal , box-like with steep sides ; covered by small plates amongst which it is possible to [differentiate] the centrodorsal plate but not usually the primary radial plates ; disk diameter up to 10 mm .

The disk is round , slightly domed , covered in large plates amongst which it is possible to distinguish the centrodorsal and primary radial plates ; diameter up to 8 mm .
the disk is round , slightly domed , covered in large plates amongst which it is possible to [differentiate] the centrodorsal and primary radial plates ; diameter up to 8 mm .

Here it is important to distinguish between ephemeral sedimentation that comes and goes with the seasons and permanent sedimentation that actually accumulates and stays .
here it is important to [differentiate] between ephemeral sedimentation that comes and goes with the seasons and permanent sedimentation that actually accumulates and stays .

One could distinguish gamma ray bursts from such effects by observing flashes simultaneously at two or more fairly widely separated locations .
one could [differentiate] gamma ray bursts from such effects by observing flashes simultaneously at two or more fairly widely separated locations .

The laws of science do not distinguish between the past and the future .
the laws of science do not [differentiate] between the past and the future .

To summarize , the laws of science do not distinguish between the forward and backward directions of time .
to summarize , the laws of science do not [differentiate] between the forward and backward directions of time .

However , there are at least three arrows of time that do distinguish the past from the future .
however , there are at least three arrows of time that do [differentiate] the past from the future .

Even if such buildings are the exception to the general norm , however , their architectural character , size and visual appearance would have served to distinguish them from their humbler domestic counterparts .
even if such buildings are the exception to the general norm , however , their architectural character , size and visual appearance would have served to [differentiate] them from their humbler domestic counterparts .

Indeed , sites which were generally successful often attracted organs of government to them , as was the case with the cities and major towns , but in these and other instances it is always difficult to distinguish the primary function once it has been overlaid or mixed with others .
indeed , sites which were generally successful often attracted organs of government to them , as was the case with the cities and major towns , but in these and other instances it is always difficult to [differentiate] the primary function once it has been overlaid or mixed with others .

Some published material is hand written and of such high quality that it is difficult to distinguish it from a typeset score .
some published material is hand written and of such high quality that it is difficult to [differentiate] it from a typeset score .

People were not really very interested in what one did , and a quick classification was all that was needed to distinguish an academic type from a farmer or stockbroker .
people were not really very interested in what one did , and a quick classification was all that was needed to [differentiate] an academic type from a farmer or stockbroker .

Nowadays it is important to distinguish between two main types of online information : historical and real time .
nowadays it is important to [differentiate] between two main types of online information : historical and real time .

Such an environment of interconnected multimedia elements is generally called hypermedia to distinguish it from hypertext .
such an environment of interconnected multimedia elements is generally called hypermedia to [differentiate] it from hypertext .

Melts that had frozen within this subconscious lithosphere would enrich it in the same elements that are enriched in the crust , so it has not been possible to distinguish between these theories .
melts that had frozen within this subconscious lithosphere would enrich it in the same elements that are enriched in the crust , so it has not been possible to [differentiate] between these theories .

It is often useful in the study of population to distinguish between males and females and also between different age-groups .
it is often useful in the study of population to [differentiate] between males and females and also between different age-groups .

The symbol for the standard deviation of the population is ta ; to distinguish it from that of the sample , s .
the symbol for the standard deviation of the population is ta ; to [differentiate] it from that of the sample , s .

Among the remaining trees , which would one day distinguish themselves in avenues and parks , and over the heads of the labouring workmen rose clouds of parakeets and honey-eaters searching for food .
among the remaining trees , which would one day [differentiate] themselves in avenues and parks , and over the heads of the labouring workmen rose clouds of parakeets and honey-eaters searching for food .

Other noteworthy cathedrals in Apulia include that at Canosa ( now unfortunately somewhat derelict ) , the Old Cathedral at Molfetta ( so-called to distinguish it from the Baroque one ) and Bitonto Cathedral .
other noteworthy cathedrals in apulia include that at canosa ( now unfortunately somewhat derelict ) , the old cathedral at molfetta ( so-called to [differentiate] it from the baroque one ) and bitonto cathedral .

There might have been twenty or thirty figures in there , but it was too dark to distinguish anything more than their vague shapes .
there might have been twenty or thirty figures in there , but it was too dark to [differentiate] anything more than their vague shapes .

For modelling reality , it is essential to distinguish between different objects in the real world and understand how they are related to each other .
for modelling reality , it is essential to [differentiate] between different objects in the real world and understand how they are related to each other .

It is important to distinguish three types of merger .
it is important to [differentiate] three types of merger .

First , we should distinguish general externalities from things that directly affect market structure and the degree of competition .
first , we should [differentiate] general externalities from things that directly affect market structure and the degree of competition .

We distinguish three reasons why governments may wish to nationalize industries .
we [differentiate] three reasons why governments may wish to nationalize industries .

We distinguish investment policy and pricing policy , though the two are closely connected .
we [differentiate] investment policy and pricing policy , though the two are closely connected .

She walked alone in the silence , hearing her own muted footfalls like echoes of past or future , she could not distinguish one from the other .
she walked alone in the silence , hearing her own muted footfalls like echoes of past or future , she could not [differentiate] one from the other .

Long before an enemy could get near enough to distinguish any glint of arms , the whole company could fold their belongings and slip away into the mountains at their back .
long before an enemy could get near enough to [differentiate] any glint of arms , the whole company could fold their belongings and slip away into the mountains at their back .

They could distinguish the four orderly schiltrons of solidly-grouped infantry , ready and able to bring their pikes to bear in any direction .
they could [differentiate] the four orderly schiltrons of solidly-grouped infantry , ready and able to bring their pikes to bear in any direction .

This system uses three classes of punctuation to distinguish whether the punctuation is a comma ( , ) , a punctuation mark that is internal to a sentence ( i.e .
this system uses three classes of punctuation to [differentiate] whether the punctuation is a comma ( , ) , a punctuation mark that is internal to a sentence ( i.e .

Aborigines always distinguish the two .
aborigines always [differentiate] the two .

Aymara vowels are different from Spanish ones , so they can not easily distinguish ‘ u ’ from ‘ o ’ , ‘ i ’ from ‘ e ’ .
aymara vowels are different from spanish ones , so they can not easily [differentiate] ‘ u ’ from ‘ o ’ , ‘ i ’ from ‘ e ’ .

Surely it is not difficult to distinguish the point that the right hon .
surely it is not difficult to [differentiate] the point that the right hon .

It would be difficult to distinguish between items that have legitimate everyday uses in the home and workplace , such as kitchen and craft knives , and other types — for example , commando-style daggers — that might be considered undesirable .
it would be difficult to [differentiate] between items that have legitimate everyday uses in the home and workplace , such as kitchen and craft knives , and other types — for example , commando-style daggers — that might be considered undesirable .

What we must do is to distinguish between bogus and genuine refugees .
what we must do is to [differentiate] between bogus and genuine refugees .

That is the trouble with the Labour party : one has to distinguish between its rhetoric and reality when it comes to law and order .
that is the trouble with the labour party : one has to [differentiate] between its rhetoric and reality when it comes to law and order .

The purpose of the Bill is to distinguish between the bogus and the genuine refugee applicant .
the purpose of the bill is to [differentiate] between the bogus and the genuine refugee applicant .

These services are subject to gradation and it is difficult to distinguish between them sometimes .
these services are subject to gradation and it is difficult to [differentiate] between them sometimes .

But Spenser also makes it clear that it is difficult and sometimes impossible to distinguish between the true and the false , regardless of how clear-sighted and self-controlled his masculine knights may be .
but spenser also makes it clear that it is difficult and sometimes impossible to [differentiate] between the true and the false , regardless of how clear-sighted and self-controlled his masculine knights may be .

We should distinguish between Ben Jonson 's desire to confirm his authority over his Workes — collecting and seeing texts through the press , attempting to control what was ascribed to him and how these texts were to be viewed , even trying to restrict his readership — and circumstances where such authorial interventions are absent .
we should [differentiate] between ben jonson 's desire to confirm his authority over his workes — collecting and seeing texts through the press , attempting to control what was ascribed to him and how these texts were to be viewed , even trying to restrict his readership — and circumstances where such authorial interventions are absent .

As an immediate implication of this we distinguish very sharply between a producer who is the sole source of supply for a particular commodity because he has unique access to a necessary resource and one who is the sole source of supply as a result of his entrepreneurial activities ( which can easily be duplicated by his competitors , if they choose ) .
as an immediate implication of this we [differentiate] very sharply between a producer who is the sole source of supply for a particular commodity because he has unique access to a necessary resource and one who is the sole source of supply as a result of his entrepreneurial activities ( which can easily be duplicated by his competitors , if they choose ) .

We can thus distinguish between the consequences of hierarchy in general and the particular problems facing public bureaucracies .
we can thus [differentiate] between the consequences of hierarchy in general and the particular problems facing public bureaucracies .

In general , young children may not distinguish between judgements about reality and judgements about appearance or subjective opinion .
in general , young children may not [differentiate] between judgements about reality and judgements about appearance or subjective opinion .

to distinguish written and spoken words and nonwords ;
to [differentiate] written and spoken words and nonwords ;

In order to distinguish between all these subjects , it is inevitable that longer notations are used .
in order to [differentiate] between all these subjects , it is inevitable that longer notations are used .

Thus whilst the main schedules may give a number for ‘ Cats ’ , by the application of Table 1 it is possible to distinguish between a document which is an encyclopaedia concerned with cats , and a document on societies concerned with cats .
thus whilst the main schedules may give a number for ‘ cats ’ , by the application of table 1 it is possible to [differentiate] between a document which is an encyclopaedia concerned with cats , and a document on societies concerned with cats .

In a general index it may only be possible to distinguish between different meanings of the one homograph by using scope notes or qualifying terms wherever the term arises , and thus in some way replace the context that is normally absent in respect of index terms .
in a general index it may only be possible to [differentiate] between different meanings of the one homograph by using scope notes or qualifying terms wherever the term arises , and thus in some way replace the context that is normally absent in respect of index terms .

It may seem petty to distinguish between the plural and singular form , and therefore unnecessary to include both in the index .
it may seem petty to [differentiate] between the plural and singular form , and therefore unnecessary to include both in the index .

Once an entry has been identified , the user will expect to find the complete term in order to distinguish it from others containing the same words .
once an entry has been identified , the user will expect to find the complete term in order to [differentiate] it from others containing the same words .

Preferential relationships generally indicate preferred terms or descriptors and distinguish such terms from non-descriptors or non-preferred terms .
preferential relationships generally indicate preferred terms or descriptors and [differentiate] such terms from non-descriptors or non-preferred terms .

It is important to distinguish the various ways in which mass parties were created .
it is important to [differentiate] the various ways in which mass parties were created .

It is necessary to distinguish between gradual and abrupt , minor and major , peaceful and violent political changes ; and so far as is possible to connect these diverse phenomena with their causes or conditions .
it is necessary to [differentiate] between gradual and abrupt , minor and major , peaceful and violent political changes ; and so far as is possible to connect these diverse phenomena with their causes or conditions .

Here , it is necessary to distinguish between those conditions which may be regarded as universally relevant to the creation of a nation state , and those which are specific to a particular historical period .
here , it is necessary to [differentiate] between those conditions which may be regarded as universally relevant to the creation of a nation state , and those which are specific to a particular historical period .

The nationalist movements and the new nations which made their appearance after the Second World War thus displayed features which distinguish them in some ways from the earlier movements which led to the formation of nation states in Western Europe , because they arose in a very different international context — in a highly developed capitalist world economy , in the aftermath of a division of the world among powerful imperialist nations , and in the midst of political transformations resulting from the growth of the socialist movement .
the nationalist movements and the new nations which made their appearance after the second world war thus displayed features which [differentiate] them in some ways from the earlier movements which led to the formation of nation states in western europe , because they arose in a very different international context — in a highly developed capitalist world economy , in the aftermath of a division of the world among powerful imperialist nations , and in the midst of political transformations resulting from the growth of the socialist movement .

Second , what appear ex post to the legislators , or electors , to be ‘ mistakes ’ are often associated with taking large risks ; that is , it is usually difficult , if not impossible , to distinguish a ‘ good ’ decision , which in the end turns out to be a failure , from a bad decision .
second , what appear ex post to the legislators , or electors , to be ‘ mistakes ’ are often associated with taking large risks ; that is , it is usually difficult , if not impossible , to [differentiate] a ‘ good ’ decision , which in the end turns out to be a failure , from a bad decision .

It is therefore important to distinguish two hypotheses .
it is therefore important to [differentiate] two hypotheses .

For totally symmetric modes of molecules of lower symmetry , ρ is greater than zero , and in some cases may be impossible to distinguish from ρ max .
for totally symmetric modes of molecules of lower symmetry , ρ is greater than zero , and in some cases may be impossible to [differentiate] from ρ max .

We can , therefore , distinguish between different compounds , or between chemically distinct atoms in a single compound .
we can , therefore , [differentiate] between different compounds , or between chemically distinct atoms in a single compound .

King Edward had used them in Wales as war dogs but later had them killed because , in their blood lust , they had failed to distinguish between friend and foe .
king edward had used them in wales as war dogs but later had them killed because , in their blood lust , they had failed to [differentiate] between friend and foe .

We should carefully distinguish at the outset between the dynamic ‘ comparative static ’ effects , and the conventional ( parameter ) comparative static effects ( though , as we shall see , they are in one sense intertwined ) .
we should carefully [differentiate] at the outset between the dynamic ‘ comparative static ’ effects , and the conventional ( parameter ) comparative static effects ( though , as we shall see , they are in one sense intertwined ) .

Even the most sanguine grain size enthusiast would agree that no universal solution exists as yet to enable the sedimentologist unequivocally to distinguish depositional environments in ancient deposits on grain size criteria alone .
even the most sanguine grain size enthusiast would agree that no universal solution exists as yet to enable the sedimentologist unequivocally to [differentiate] depositional environments in ancient deposits on grain size criteria alone .

One of the earliest attempts to characterize depositional environments by means of bivariate scattergrams was that of Stewart ( 1958 ) who plotted median against skewness and standard deviation for sediments from rivers , wave dominant zones and quiet water environments , and defined envelopes within which his analyses occurred ( Fig. 3.9 ) : Also , using graphic techniques , Schlee , Uchupi & trumbull ( 1965 ) were unable to distinguish beach and dune sands from grain size data alone .
one of the earliest attempts to characterize depositional environments by means of bivariate scattergrams was that of stewart ( 1958 ) who plotted median against skewness and standard deviation for sediments from rivers , wave dominant zones and quiet water environments , and defined envelopes within which his analyses occurred ( fig. 3.9 ) : also , using graphic techniques , schlee , uchupi & trumbull ( 1965 ) were unable to [differentiate] beach and dune sands from grain size data alone .

Leaving the beach , dune and river sediments , which were mainly medium or fine sands , the greater spread of grain size enabled Landim & frakes ( 1968 ) successfully to distinguish till from alluvial fan and outwash deposits using moment methods .
leaving the beach , dune and river sediments , which were mainly medium or fine sands , the greater spread of grain size enabled landim & frakes ( 1968 ) successfully to [differentiate] till from alluvial fan and outwash deposits using moment methods .

Burrowing in sandstones and siltstones may often be cryptic , and sometimes difficult to distinguish from water escape structures .
burrowing in sandstones and siltstones may often be cryptic , and sometimes difficult to [differentiate] from water escape structures .

Such compromise boundaries may be difficult to distinguish from compacted fabrics : cathodoluminescence can , in some cases , be used for this purpose ( Sippel , 1968 ) .
such compromise boundaries may be difficult to [differentiate] from compacted fabrics : cathodoluminescence can , in some cases , be used for this purpose ( sippel , 1968 ) .

5.35b ) which may render the corrosion , if minor , more difficult to distinguish .
5.35b ) which may render the corrosion , if minor , more difficult to [differentiate] .

The ratio is said to be a matter of ‘ commercial prudence ’ and is said to be ‘ non-mandatory ’ to distinguish it from the possible alternative , namely , that the ratio be written into banking law .
the ratio is said to be a matter of ‘ commercial prudence ’ and is said to be ‘ non-mandatory ’ to [differentiate] it from the possible alternative , namely , that the ratio be written into banking law .

Distinguish between ‘ liability management ’ and ‘ asset management ’ .
[differentiate] between ‘ liability management ’ and ‘ asset management ’ .

Distinguish between the demand for bank lending and the demand for money .
[differentiate] between the demand for bank lending and the demand for money .

It is sometimes the practice to divide these markets even further . In the case of money markets , for example , we sometimes distinguish as follows :
it is sometimes the practice to divide these markets even further . in the case of money markets , for example , we sometimes [differentiate] as follows :

Indeed the object of literary science turns out not to be an object at all , but a set of differences , and the science will consist in ‘ the study of those specifics which distinguish it [ i.e .
indeed the object of literary science turns out not to be an object at all , but a set of differences , and the science will consist in ‘ the study of those specifics which [differentiate] it [ i.e .

Rather , it is entirely by virtue of the sign in question that we distinguish a class of objects trees from other objects such as bushes , etc .
rather , it is entirely by virtue of the sign in question that we [differentiate] a class of objects trees from other objects such as bushes , etc .

In itself this notion of structure does not necessarily distinguish literary texts from ordinary acts of communication , since these too evidently have a structure .
in itself this notion of structure does not necessarily [differentiate] literary texts from ordinary acts of communication , since these too evidently have a structure .

According to the Prague School ‘ poetic ’ texts distinguish themselves from others through the violation of a norm .
according to the prague school ‘ poetic ’ texts [differentiate] themselves from others through the violation of a norm .

After all , rhyme and metre are forms of equivalence which distinguish a very great deal of poetry , yet nowadays few would maintain that the presence of either or both is a necessary and sufficient condition for defining a text as poetic .
after all , rhyme and metre are forms of equivalence which [differentiate] a very great deal of poetry , yet nowadays few would maintain that the presence of either or both is a necessary and sufficient condition for defining a text as poetic .

What he has done is describe certain linguistic features of the text which distinguish it from other texts ( he refers to Yeats 's ‘ Phoenix ’ and Tennyson 's , ‘ Morte d'Arthur ’ , as well as instances of non-literary usage ) , and which look as if they may be of some literary significance ; but he leaves it to the literary specialist to determine what the nature of that literary significance is .
what he has done is describe certain linguistic features of the text which [differentiate] it from other texts ( he refers to yeats 's ‘ phoenix ’ and tennyson 's , ‘ morte d'arthur ’ , as well as instances of non-literary usage ) , and which look as if they may be of some literary significance ; but he leaves it to the literary specialist to determine what the nature of that literary significance is .

‘ Stylistics ’ thus becomes an essentially comparative study of the patterns of preference shown by the writer in his selection from the linguistic resources available to him , a question of the relative frequencies of choice which distinguish the language of his text from that of others ; it is an ‘ application rather than an extension of linguistics ’ ( p.217 ) .
‘ stylistics ’ thus becomes an essentially comparative study of the patterns of preference shown by the writer in his selection from the linguistic resources available to him , a question of the relative frequencies of choice which [differentiate] the language of his text from that of others ; it is an ‘ application rather than an extension of linguistics ’ ( p.217 ) .

It is therefore essential to distinguish between effect on the one hand , and meaning or ‘ cognitive structure ’ on the other .
it is therefore essential to [differentiate] between effect on the one hand , and meaning or ‘ cognitive structure ’ on the other .

It is also necessary to distinguish two parameters of professional development .
it is also necessary to [differentiate] two parameters of professional development .

In the erotic landscape on which her thoughts now opened , the illusory and the actual were so intimately twinned that only the most cautious eye might distinguish between them ; and at each passionate encounter the symbolic and the literal seemed to enfold their embrace more tightly .
in the erotic landscape on which her thoughts now opened , the illusory and the actual were so intimately twinned that only the most cautious eye might [differentiate] between them ; and at each passionate encounter the symbolic and the literal seemed to enfold their embrace more tightly .

Distantly she could feel the tremor of a heart still recognizably her own — though whether it shook with terror or from the first stirrings of a ferocious excitement was hard to distinguish now .
distantly she could feel the tremor of a heart still recognizably her own — though whether it shook with terror or from the first stirrings of a ferocious excitement was hard to [differentiate] now .

Following the collapse of the Roman economy , we can distinguish the re-emergence of commercial activity at these emporia , which were close to royal centres , connected to areas of production and consumption abroad , and based largely on luxury goods like gold , silver , jewels , furs and wine .
following the collapse of the roman economy , we can [differentiate] the re-emergence of commercial activity at these emporia , which were close to royal centres , connected to areas of production and consumption abroad , and based largely on luxury goods like gold , silver , jewels , furs and wine .

We must , however , now accept that these plans are developments from the original forms and that great changes may have taken place before we get to the earliest arrangement we can distinguish .
we must , however , now accept that these plans are developments from the original forms and that great changes may have taken place before we get to the earliest arrangement we can [differentiate] .

Nevertheless , we can distinguish areas where new land was being taken in and new settlements created .
nevertheless , we can [differentiate] areas where new land was being taken in and new settlements created .

To the urban dweller , all woods look the same , but in landscape terms we must be careful to distinguish between the wildwood ( the remnant or successor of the natural or semi-natural woodland of Britain — which certainly does not exist anywhere today and probably has not since the Roman period ) and woods which have been to a greater or lesser degree managed for the production of timber and wood ( Fig .
to the urban dweller , all woods look the same , but in landscape terms we must be careful to [differentiate] between the wildwood ( the remnant or successor of the natural or semi-natural woodland of britain — which certainly does not exist anywhere today and probably has not since the roman period ) and woods which have been to a greater or lesser degree managed for the production of timber and wood ( fig .

Hindsight makes it possible to distinguish ideal from reality , illusion from conceivable outcome .
hindsight makes it possible to [differentiate] ideal from reality , illusion from conceivable outcome .

West Frankish dispute-settlements of the mid-ninth century show that lesser landholders were perfectly capable of taking evidence on board , considering it rationally and reaching recognisably fair conclusions ; also that they could distinguish between genuine verdicts and frauds .
west frankish dispute-settlements of the mid-ninth century show that lesser landholders were perfectly capable of taking evidence on board , considering it rationally and reaching recognisably fair conclusions ; also that they could [differentiate] between genuine verdicts and frauds .

When Churchill gave his first broadcast , suggesting that the Labour Party might have to resort to ‘ some form of Gestapo , no doubt very humanely directed in the first instance ’ , the electors were bound to regard it as a gross exaggeration ; Attlee , following the next night , could readily ask his audience to distinguish between ‘ Winston Churchill , the great leader in war of a united nation , and Mr Churchill the party leader of the Conservatives ’ .
when churchill gave his first broadcast , suggesting that the labour party might have to resort to ‘ some form of gestapo , no doubt very humanely directed in the first instance ’ , the electors were bound to regard it as a gross exaggeration ; attlee , following the next night , could readily ask his audience to [differentiate] between ‘ winston churchill , the great leader in war of a united nation , and mr churchill the party leader of the conservatives ’ .

As a detail of notation , if it seems useful to have a way to distinguish property-meanings from entity-meanings , then we may use round brackets for the former , thus allowing us to replace ( 7 ) by : We may also point out that the physical orientation of the arrowhead in our representations naturally reflects the direction of qualification , not the surface order of the instantiating elements .
as a detail of notation , if it seems useful to have a way to [differentiate] property-meanings from entity-meanings , then we may use round brackets for the former , thus allowing us to replace ( 7 ) by : we may also point out that the physical orientation of the arrowhead in our representations naturally reflects the direction of qualification , not the surface order of the instantiating elements .

What we need in the present case is further evidence to persuade us that the proposal to distinguish ordinary attributives as ( 37 ) ( a ) and postnominal attributives as ( 37 ) ( c ) goes beyond the mere possibility of correlating the two intensional patterns to the two different surface constructions .
what we need in the present case is further evidence to persuade us that the proposal to [differentiate] ordinary attributives as ( 37 ) ( a ) and postnominal attributives as ( 37 ) ( c ) goes beyond the mere possibility of correlating the two intensional patterns to the two different surface constructions .

The first , straightforward , prerequisite is to distinguish this clearly from the postnominal attributive position which we discussed in the previous chapter since they are , after all , superficially identical as sequences .
the first , straightforward , prerequisite is to [differentiate] this clearly from the postnominal attributive position which we discussed in the previous chapter since they are , after all , superficially identical as sequences .

Perhaps the most important point to be made about postverbals is to distinguish them from the adjectives in the last remaining position , the extraclausal adjectives , which occur in an identical sequence of syntactic elements , but which correspond to a different surface structure as in : ( 45 ) the two reformers persevered undaunted two stagehands appeared , breathless They have the different intensional structure :
perhaps the most important point to be made about postverbals is to [differentiate] them from the adjectives in the last remaining position , the extraclausal adjectives , which occur in an identical sequence of syntactic elements , but which correspond to a different surface structure as in : ( 45 ) the two reformers persevered undaunted two stagehands appeared , breathless they have the different intensional structure :

It has been clearly expressed ( Anon 1970 ) that merely counting ‘ publication rate would not distinguish between the fluency of genius and the loud noises of empty vessels . ’
it has been clearly expressed ( anon 1970 ) that merely counting ‘ publication rate would not [differentiate] between the fluency of genius and the loud noises of empty vessels . ’

His other criticisms are that citation counts are unable to distinguish quality among methodological contributions .
his other criticisms are that citation counts are unable to [differentiate] quality among methodological contributions .

The rapid advances in this field suggest that computational analogues of human reasoning abilities will become increasingly difficult to distinguish from the real thing , and if a mechanistic view of biological systems is taken , this in itself may provide sufficient proof of the ability of non-biological systems to develop the ability to process ideas and communicate concepts .
the rapid advances in this field suggest that computational analogues of human reasoning abilities will become increasingly difficult to [differentiate] from the real thing , and if a mechanistic view of biological systems is taken , this in itself may provide sufficient proof of the ability of non-biological systems to develop the ability to process ideas and communicate concepts .

It is important to distinguish between such lexical analysis of uncontrolled terms in thesis titles , ( which has not been carried out in any detail in the present study but which is one of the factors analysed in a paper in preparation by the author ) , and the subject classification carried out by Rolfe , Will and in the Laming list .
it is important to [differentiate] between such lexical analysis of uncontrolled terms in thesis titles , ( which has not been carried out in any detail in the present study but which is one of the factors analysed in a paper in preparation by the author ) , and the subject classification carried out by rolfe , will and in the laming list .

Indeed , one might say , though a little misleadingly , that it is not so much the substantive topics which distinguish disciplines , but their theoretical interests .
indeed , one might say , though a little misleadingly , that it is not so much the substantive topics which [differentiate] disciplines , but their theoretical interests .

It is possible to distinguish , albeit rather grossly , between two contrasting philosophical positions regarding the relationship between theory and data .
it is possible to [differentiate] , albeit rather grossly , between two contrasting philosophical positions regarding the relationship between theory and data .

As no party emblems were allowed , mostly illiterate rural campesinos ( peasants ) and urban slum dwellers in particular were unable to distinguish between the parties and most failed to vote .
as no party emblems were allowed , mostly illiterate rural campesinos ( peasants ) and urban slum dwellers in particular were unable to [differentiate] between the parties and most failed to vote .

On Nov. 11 Hezbollah radio , the Voice of the Oppressed , had broadcast an attack on the government policy statement , which , it claimed , contained nothing to distinguish it from previous policy statements .
on nov. 11 hezbollah radio , the voice of the oppressed , had broadcast an attack on the government policy statement , which , it claimed , contained nothing to [differentiate] it from previous policy statements .

The code was the first instalment of new ethics regulations which Clinton had promised would distinguish his administration from those of his predecessors .
the code was the first instalment of new ethics regulations which clinton had promised would [differentiate] his administration from those of his predecessors .

In particular , he reversed his previous position that Greece would recognize Macedonia if it adopted a prefix to distinguish it from the northern Greek province of Macedonia .
in particular , he reversed his previous position that greece would recognize macedonia if it adopted a prefix to [differentiate] it from the northern greek province of macedonia .

The Conservatives under John Major tried to distinguish themselves from their Thatcherite past by stressing a commitment to quality public services .
the conservatives under john major tried to [differentiate] themselves from their thatcherite past by stressing a commitment to quality public services .

Indeed , so integrated are such aims that , as the previous sections have shown , the so-called `` vocational argument `` is difficult to distinguish from others .
indeed , so integrated are such aims that , as the previous sections have shown , the so-called `` vocational argument `` is difficult to [differentiate] from others .

Children between 5 and 7 also need to begin to distinguish between reality and fiction .
children between 5 and 7 also need to begin to [differentiate] between reality and fiction .

However , it is also important to begin to distinguish what is real from what is fictional . ``
however , it is also important to begin to [differentiate] what is real from what is fictional . ``

Slowly pupils will begin to distinguish different periods in the past , ( though this may be difficult at first ) , learning to ask `` when `` and `` for how long `` , and so on .
slowly pupils will begin to [differentiate] different periods in the past , ( though this may be difficult at first ) , learning to ask `` when `` and `` for how long `` , and so on .

( 4 ) Evaluating evidence — ability to : distinguish between facts , assumptions , inferences and hypotheses and value judgements ; distinguish between valid and invalid conclusions , verifiable and non-verifiable information , relevant and irrelevant material , compare information and recognise contradictions .
( 4 ) evaluating evidence — ability to : [differentiate] between facts , assumptions , inferences and hypotheses and value judgements ; [differentiate] between valid and invalid conclusions , verifiable and non-verifiable information , relevant and irrelevant material , compare information and recognise contradictions .

The legal rules do not distinguish between these two groups — and neither do the ideologues on either side of the debate — but an examination of the most modern cases does suggest that it is easier to prove adverse possession of `` empty `` land .
the legal rules do not [differentiate] between these two groups — and neither do the ideologues on either side of the debate — but an examination of the most modern cases does suggest that it is easier to prove adverse possession of `` empty `` land .

As currently employed , the tests for adverse possession — actual and intended exclusive occupation of land — are an adequate litmus test to distinguish between the trespasser and the adverse possessor despite the pressures on the law from homelessness .
as currently employed , the tests for adverse possession — actual and intended exclusive occupation of land — are an adequate litmus test to [differentiate] between the trespasser and the adverse possessor despite the pressures on the law from homelessness .

It is vital therefore to distinguish between the two kinds of breach of covenant .
it is vital therefore to [differentiate] between the two kinds of breach of covenant .

This is partly a matter of writing appropriate sentences , for example , so that you can distinguish your point of view in debate from someone else 's .
this is partly a matter of writing appropriate sentences , for example , so that you can [differentiate] your point of view in debate from someone else 's .

It is useful to distinguish between an original edition , a popular reprint , and a critical edition .
it is useful to [differentiate] between an original edition , a popular reprint , and a critical edition .

In any argument you develop , we have suggested that it is important to distinguish between views you are taking for granted , views you are directly asserting and views with which you disagree .
in any argument you develop , we have suggested that it is important to [differentiate] between views you are taking for granted , views you are directly asserting and views with which you disagree .

It seems that in some cases the answer is yes , even though no characteristic elements of segmental phonology have been found which distinguish black Londoners ' speech from that of other Londoners .
it seems that in some cases the answer is yes , even though no characteristic elements of segmental phonology have been found which [differentiate] black londoners ' speech from that of other londoners .

It was necessary to distinguish two questions .
it was necessary to [differentiate] two questions .

That said , one must be careful to distinguish power from authority .
that said , one must be careful to [differentiate] power from authority .

In the end , it was decided that candidates must undertake an extra assessment in addition to their modules , which will be used to distinguish between two levels of achievement : pass and merit .
in the end , it was decided that candidates must undertake an extra assessment in addition to their modules , which will be used to [differentiate] between two levels of achievement : pass and merit .

Furthermore , food prices could sharply distinguish the standard of living in one year from both the preceding one and the next .
furthermore , food prices could sharply [differentiate] the standard of living in one year from both the preceding one and the next .

The implication of these results and those of Zue ( 1985 ) was that , so long as the correct phonemes were in the set of input descriptions , lexical and higher-level knowledge sources would be able to distinguish the correct words .
the implication of these results and those of zue ( 1985 ) was that , so long as the correct phonemes were in the set of input descriptions , lexical and higher-level knowledge sources would be able to [differentiate] the correct words .

This will help to distinguish those decisions which are required by the general graph-searching characteristics of the task , those required by the specific nature of the speech processing task , and those required by the particular system architecture .
this will help to [differentiate] those decisions which are required by the general graph-searching characteristics of the task , those required by the specific nature of the speech processing task , and those required by the particular system architecture .

Firstly , the analysis helped to distinguish those requirements of the task which were influenced by the specific nature of the problem from the more general requirement of searching a large problem space .
firstly , the analysis helped to [differentiate] those requirements of the task which were influenced by the specific nature of the problem from the more general requirement of searching a large problem space .

The acoustic differences between the initial segments in gift and kift or giss and kiss distinguish lexical items from non-words .
the acoustic differences between the initial segments in gift and kift or giss and kiss [differentiate] lexical items from non-words .

However , the less able the front end is to specify the full characteristics of the phonetic input , the more difficult it becomes to distinguish lexical hypotheses .
however , the less able the front end is to specify the full characteristics of the phonetic input , the more difficult it becomes to [differentiate] lexical hypotheses .

Even the perfect fine-class transcriptions resulted in extremely large numbers of paths ( an astonishing average of 862,300 ) , making it very difficult for the syntactic component to distinguish the correct interpretation .
even the perfect fine-class transcriptions resulted in extremely large numbers of paths ( an astonishing average of 862,300 ) , making it very difficult for the syntactic component to [differentiate] the correct interpretation .

Because expression may exist at various levels of abstraction ( for example , in the program 's structure ) the courts have to be able to distinguish between idea and expression .
because expression may exist at various levels of abstraction ( for example , in the program 's structure ) the courts have to be able to [differentiate] between idea and expression .

Additionally , these marks must be " distinctive " ; that is , they are : adapted to distinguish goods with which the proprietor … is or may be connected in the course of trade from goods in the case of which no such connection subsists .
additionally , these marks must be " distinctive " ; that is , they are : adapted to [differentiate] goods with which the proprietor … is or may be connected in the course of trade from goods in the case of which no such connection subsists .

This does not distinguish have from get , however , as the latter also implies effectual causation : ( 175 ) * Miriam now got Pengally to break down the gate , but he said he really could n't go that far ,
this does not [differentiate] have from get , however , as the latter also implies effectual causation : ( 175 ) * miriam now got pengally to break down the gate , but he said he really could n't go that far ,

There is an absence of any clear research evidence which enables us to distinguish age as an independent factor affecting the performance of non-traditional students .
there is an absence of any clear research evidence which enables us to [differentiate] age as an independent factor affecting the performance of non-traditional students .

3 On the other hand , classifying consonants according to the manner in which the organs articulate them , one can distinguish eight main classes ( Jones 1909 ) : Affricate Resembling a plosive but with separation of the articulating organs performed less quickly , with the resulting fricative sound during the process of separation , eg / / .
3 on the other hand , classifying consonants according to the manner in which the organs articulate them , one can [differentiate] eight main classes ( jones 1909 ) : affricate resembling a plosive but with separation of the articulating organs performed less quickly , with the resulting fricative sound during the process of separation , eg / / .

Firstly , we must distinguish what may be said and what must be said ; and secondly , in what must be said we must distinguish the unique forms from alternative ones .
firstly , we must [differentiate] what may be said and what must be said ; and secondly , in what must be said we must [differentiate] the unique forms from alternative ones .

Tone languages use tone to distinguish words from each other .
tone languages use tone to [differentiate] words from each other .

Of course , as you become more fluent in the language you will be able to distinguish between the different sounds more and more automatically , and need to do less checking .
of course , as you become more fluent in the language you will be able to [differentiate] between the different sounds more and more automatically , and need to do less checking .

However , remember that in working with check lists it is n't crucial , to start with , if you ca n't arrive at an exact technical phonetic description straight off — as long as you can distinguish between same and different you can still make progress .
however , remember that in working with check lists it is n't crucial , to start with , if you ca n't arrive at an exact technical phonetic description straight off — as long as you can [differentiate] between same and different you can still make progress .

How would you distinguish the original sound ( i.e .
how would you [differentiate] the original sound ( i.e .

The distinction could be between two sounds which are not in themselves difficult to distinguish , but the contrast may be difficult to hear because it is new .
the distinction could be between two sounds which are not in themselves difficult to [differentiate] , but the contrast may be difficult to hear because it is new .

In practice it is difficult to distinguish the effortless `` no `` from inertia , apathy , complacency and timidity .
in practice it is difficult to [differentiate] the effortless `` no `` from inertia , apathy , complacency and timidity .

But when they took over the firm they were always called `` Mister `` to distinguish them from the other captains , perhaps .
but when they took over the firm they were always called `` mister `` to [differentiate] them from the other captains , perhaps .

It is important to distinguish between ( a ) the actual strain field e , ( b ) the overall average strain field , and ( c ) the phase average strain field .
it is important to [differentiate] between ( a ) the actual strain field e , ( b ) the overall average strain field , and ( c ) the phase average strain field .

It would be difficult to distinguish osmotic effect ( jejunal malabsorption ) from diarrhoea generated entirely from within the colon , as implied by other workers .
it would be difficult to [differentiate] osmotic effect ( jejunal malabsorption ) from diarrhoea generated entirely from within the colon , as implied by other workers .

Few studies have tried to answer the question of whether clinical and demographic criteria can help to distinguish patients with gastrooesophageal symptoms from patients complicated with Barrett 's oesophagus .
few studies have tried to answer the question of whether clinical and demographic criteria can help to [differentiate] patients with gastrooesophageal symptoms from patients complicated with barrett 's oesophagus .

Because only symptomatic patients were treated , it is difficult to distinguish biliary pain which occurs as part of the natural course of the disease from that caused by lithotripsy .
because only symptomatic patients were treated , it is difficult to [differentiate] biliary pain which occurs as part of the natural course of the disease from that caused by lithotripsy .

Thus an impaired conscious level frequently complicates variceal haemorrhage , and hepatic encephalopathy may be difficult to distinguish from a cerebro-vascular accident .
thus an impaired conscious level frequently complicates variceal haemorrhage , and hepatic encephalopathy may be difficult to [differentiate] from a cerebro-vascular accident .

Measurement of faecal excretion of Indium-111 labelled leucocytes has been used to assess disease activity and has been shown to effectively distinguish active from quiescent Crohn 's disease and to correlate with other clinical and laboratory activity indices .
measurement of faecal excretion of indium-111 labelled leucocytes has been used to assess disease activity and has been shown to effectively [differentiate] active from quiescent crohn 's disease and to correlate with other clinical and laboratory activity indices .

To do this , we used experimental criteria to characterise and distinguish it from arachidonic acid , prostaglandin , chollagen , thrombin , or adenosine diphosphate ( see Methods ) .
to do this , we used experimental criteria to characterise and [differentiate] it from arachidonic acid , prostaglandin , chollagen , thrombin , or adenosine diphosphate ( see methods ) .

It is very important to distinguish the first from the subsequent bleeding episodes because associated mortality is different and this may lead to biases in studies when pooling the two types of episodes .
it is very important to [differentiate] the first from the subsequent bleeding episodes because associated mortality is different and this may lead to biases in studies when pooling the two types of episodes .

Distinguish between ‘ accounting earnings ’ and ‘ economic earnings ’ . Which concept is more useful for share evaluation ? Why ?
[differentiate] between ‘ accounting earnings ’ and ‘ economic earnings ’ . which concept is more useful for share evaluation ? why ?

The symbol for the standard deviation of the population is σ to distinguish it from that of the sample , s .
the symbol for the standard deviation of the population is σ to [differentiate] it from that of the sample , s .

In the literature of creativity one factor appears consistently , plays no part in conventional design and thus may be used to distinguish between the two .
in the literature of creativity one factor appears consistently , plays no part in conventional design and thus may be used to [differentiate] between the two .

This autumn the ground is so dry that most of the earth falls away through the gaps in the conveyor-belts , but the digger can not distinguish between potatoes , stones and potato-sized clods of mud , and the whole lot are delivered aloft , along two belts made of metal rods .
this autumn the ground is so dry that most of the earth falls away through the gaps in the conveyor-belts , but the digger can not [differentiate] between potatoes , stones and potato-sized clods of mud , and the whole lot are delivered aloft , along two belts made of metal rods .

None the less , there are some aspects to the present acid house craze which distinguish it from its predecessors and which need attention .
none the less , there are some aspects to the present acid house craze which [differentiate] it from its predecessors and which need attention .

First , we must distinguish two classes of molecule found in cells — ‘ metabolites ’ and ‘ macromolecules ’ .
first , we must [differentiate] two classes of molecule found in cells — ‘ metabolites ’ and ‘ macromolecules ’ .

In Britain , the tits you see will be blue tits , great tits , coal tits , crested tits , marsh tits , or willow tits ( to be fair , you are unlikely to be able to distinguish the latter two unless you listen to their calls and songs ) .
in britain , the tits you see will be blue tits , great tits , coal tits , crested tits , marsh tits , or willow tits ( to be fair , you are unlikely to be able to [differentiate] the latter two unless you listen to their calls and songs ) .

For our present purpose , it is useful to distinguish two kinds of chemical reaction , according to whether the reaction releases energy or requires it .
for our present purpose , it is useful to [differentiate] two kinds of chemical reaction , according to whether the reaction releases energy or requires it .

We can get a somewhat clearer idea of how enzymes work if we distinguish between two kinds of chemical bond , which differ in the nature and magnitude of the forces holding the atoms together .
we can get a somewhat clearer idea of how enzymes work if we [differentiate] between two kinds of chemical bond , which differ in the nature and magnitude of the forces holding the atoms together .

The American geneticist Curt Stern was the first to distinguish between these two ways in which a change in a gene can alter the resulting structure : he referred to them as changes in ‘ prepattern ’ and in ‘ competence ’ .
the american geneticist curt stern was the first to [differentiate] between these two ways in which a change in a gene can alter the resulting structure : he referred to them as changes in ‘ prepattern ’ and in ‘ competence ’ .

You could n't distinguish German from ice .
you could n't [differentiate] german from ice .

In a world in which outward conformity with the religion of the establishment was hard to distinguish from real commitment , the call to authentic Christianity often took the form of conversion to some form of the ascetic life .
in a world in which outward conformity with the religion of the establishment was hard to [differentiate] from real commitment , the call to authentic christianity often took the form of conversion to some form of the ascetic life .

In this way coin evidence helps us to distinguish between the nature of different sites and allows us to speculate about their changing roles .
in this way coin evidence helps us to [differentiate] between the nature of different sites and allows us to speculate about their changing roles .

The taxes ( and perhaps the fees of guides which some accounts did not distinguish from taxes ) were collective income of all Zuwaya , effectively of Jlulat , Mannaia and Awlad Amira .
the taxes ( and perhaps the fees of guides which some accounts did not [differentiate] from taxes ) were collective income of all zuwaya , effectively of jlulat , mannaia and awlad amira .

Internally , people did distinguish personal property .
internally , people did [differentiate] personal property .

In the 1950s , Peters records , people used the word hurr to distinguish owners of land and water rights from their clients .
in the 1950s , peters records , people used the word hurr to [differentiate] owners of land and water rights from their clients .

Such bodies are known as corporations , or ( to distinguish them from the corporations sole , to be mentioned later ) corporations aggregate .
such bodies are known as corporations , or ( to [differentiate] them from the corporations sole , to be mentioned later ) corporations aggregate .

Capital growth , above all , is what the industry sells to distinguish itself from boring old building societies .
capital growth , above all , is what the industry sells to [differentiate] itself from boring old building societies .

Let us distinguish between the two words ‘ atonement ’ and ‘ salvation ’ : atonement refers to a past event , but salvation speaks of it continuing into the future .
let us [differentiate] between the two words ‘ atonement ’ and ‘ salvation ’ : atonement refers to a past event , but salvation speaks of it continuing into the future .

Locke 's thought is that , just as we can distinguish between the characteristics of gold ( or the clock ) , and its corpuscular constitution ( or internal mechanism ) , so we can distinguish between the characteristic properties of a triangle , and what accounts for or explains them .
locke 's thought is that , just as we can [differentiate] between the characteristics of gold ( or the clock ) , and its corpuscular constitution ( or internal mechanism ) , so we can [differentiate] between the characteristic properties of a triangle , and what accounts for or explains them .

He proceeds to show , therefore , that with only ideas at his disposal , he can nevertheless distinguish between reality and illusion .
he proceeds to show , therefore , that with only ideas at his disposal , he can nevertheless [differentiate] between reality and illusion .

’ Berkeley uses these three facts about ideas to distinguish ‘ ideas of sense ’ from ‘ ideas of imagination ’ .
’ berkeley uses these three facts about ideas to [differentiate] ‘ ideas of sense ’ from ‘ ideas of imagination ’ .

But this does not mean that they did not face the troublesome question Berkeley faces , of how to distinguish between illusion and reality .
but this does not mean that they did not face the troublesome question berkeley faces , of how to [differentiate] between illusion and reality .

Can there be , Berkeley asks , ‘ a nicer strain of abstraction than to distinguish the existence of sensible objects from their being perceived , so as to conceive them existing unperceived ’ ?
can there be , berkeley asks , ‘ a nicer strain of abstraction than to [differentiate] the existence of sensible objects from their being perceived , so as to conceive them existing unperceived ’ ?

In good batting conditions England did not distinguish themselves as 63 from Fletcher was the only substantial knock .
in good batting conditions england did not [differentiate] themselves as 63 from fletcher was the only substantial knock .

There had been some hope that the law would distinguish between such deals , part of normal prudent treasury management , and others , essentially speculative , as if the council were in the finance business itself .
there had been some hope that the law would [differentiate] between such deals , part of normal prudent treasury management , and others , essentially speculative , as if the council were in the finance business itself .

Some , but only some , members of the resistance distinguish between the Palestinians who were brought in by the Iraqis to do a bit of their dirty work , and Kuwait 's large and long-established Palestinian population .
some , but only some , members of the resistance [differentiate] between the palestinians who were brought in by the iraqis to do a bit of their dirty work , and kuwait 's large and long-established palestinian population .

One minister , asked to distinguish between the way Mr Major led the review and the way Mrs Thatcher might have behaved , says : ‘ He interfered more — and more often — and earlier — than she would have done .
one minister , asked to [differentiate] between the way mr major led the review and the way mrs thatcher might have behaved , says : ‘ he interfered more — and more often — and earlier — than she would have done .

Figures purporting to show the amount of radiation in a given place failed to distinguish between natural , background radiation and radiation caused by the accident .
figures purporting to show the amount of radiation in a given place failed to [differentiate] between natural , background radiation and radiation caused by the accident .

Although the small sample size and bias in selection limits the predictive power of some of these measures , it demonstrates that there are real differences that distinguish companies that are suited for high temporary debt from those that are not .
although the small sample size and bias in selection limits the predictive power of some of these measures , it demonstrates that there are real differences that [differentiate] companies that are suited for high temporary debt from those that are not .

She could hear a hedgehog moving ‘ noiselessly ’ in the undergrowth , distinguish trees by the rustle of their leaves in the wind and the feel of their bark , and know of the nearness of flowers by their scents .
she could hear a hedgehog moving ‘ noiselessly ’ in the undergrowth , [differentiate] trees by the rustle of their leaves in the wind and the feel of their bark , and know of the nearness of flowers by their scents .

Send an international team which includes former Khmer people , so they can distinguish between the two peoples .
send an international team which includes former khmer people , so they can [differentiate] between the two peoples .

One has to distinguish between the individual and the practice .
one has to [differentiate] between the individual and the practice .

The little circlets of flat ‘ leaves ’ born at regular intervals on the jointed stems serve to distinguish this plant from others in the Carboniferous coal-shales .
the little circlets of flat ‘ leaves ’ born at regular intervals on the jointed stems serve to [differentiate] this plant from others in the carboniferous coal-shales .

Reproductive structures should really be found to distinguish it from other , superficially fern-like plants .
reproductive structures should really be found to [differentiate] it from other , superficially fern-like plants .

One might distinguish three kinds of policy areas in which a country either is or is not sovereign .
one might [differentiate] three kinds of policy areas in which a country either is or is not sovereign .

Back in the good old days Turkey used to be part of what was know as ‘ Asia Minor ’ , or the ‘ Near East ’ , to distinguish its differences from Europe .
back in the good old days turkey used to be part of what was know as ‘ asia minor ’ , or the ‘ near east ’ , to [differentiate] its differences from europe .

Our reference to ‘ Hotel ’ in this brochure covers all accommodation and does not necessarily distinguish between local classification such as ‘ Aparthotel ’ , ‘ Hostal ’ , ‘ Pension ’ , ‘ Estalagem ’ and ‘ Residencia ’ .
our reference to ‘ hotel ’ in this brochure covers all accommodation and does not necessarily [differentiate] between local classification such as ‘ aparthotel ’ , ‘ hostal ’ , ‘ pension ’ , ‘ estalagem ’ and ‘ residencia ’ .

Land that is cultivated or grazed intensively near the croft is often referred to as inbye to distinguish it from common grazings and more distant fields .
land that is cultivated or grazed intensively near the croft is often referred to as inbye to [differentiate] it from common grazings and more distant fields .

Indeed , it is precisely from this ‘ being aware of having experience ’ and being able both to communicate its features to another and to distinguish between oneself as experiencing agent and another 's reported experiences that the prime features of humanity arise .
indeed , it is precisely from this ‘ being aware of having experience ’ and being able both to communicate its features to another and to [differentiate] between oneself as experiencing agent and another 's reported experiences that the prime features of humanity arise .

To distinguish this from the actor 's concern to communicate to non-participants , we have used the term ‘ presentation ’ .
to [differentiate] this from the actor 's concern to communicate to non-participants , we have used the term ‘ presentation ’ .

If Ayer then tells the theist that he or she is still unable to make meaningful theological statements , then it can not surely be on the basis of the verification principle , the principle by which he claims to distinguish meaningful from meaningless statements .
if ayer then tells the theist that he or she is still unable to make meaningful theological statements , then it can not surely be on the basis of the verification principle , the principle by which he claims to [differentiate] meaningful from meaningless statements .

This point must be made in order to distinguish these religious traditions from a ‘ pantheist ’ position , which identifies God with nature .
this point must be made in order to [differentiate] these religious traditions from a ‘ pantheist ’ position , which identifies god with nature .

Then close your eyes and see if you can describe that person in sufficient detail to distinguish him or her from anyone else — it 's harder than you think but you will improve in time .
then close your eyes and see if you can describe that person in sufficient detail to [differentiate] him or her from anyone else — it 's harder than you think but you will improve in time .

In practice we distinguish between the external cause of a rhythm , which is caused by our life-style or environment , and another internal cause , which we might say is due to a clock within our body .
in practice we [differentiate] between the external cause of a rhythm , which is caused by our life-style or environment , and another internal cause , which we might say is due to a clock within our body .

Various types of windmill emerged , and it is possible to distinguish the characteristics of these among the survivors .
various types of windmill emerged , and it is possible to [differentiate] the characteristics of these among the survivors .

To distinguish it from the medieval part of the college which hugs the splendid fifteenth-century cloisters , they called it New Buildings .
to [differentiate] it from the medieval part of the college which hugs the splendid fifteenth-century cloisters , they called it new buildings .

The ‘ purpose at hand ’ , to distinguish between criminals and decent people , requires also that policemen and women be able to sense that something unusual and abnormal is occurring .
the ‘ purpose at hand ’ , to [differentiate] between criminals and decent people , requires also that policemen and women be able to sense that something unusual and abnormal is occurring .

In her reading about the Sistine Chapel , we can imagine our friend using a rule of thumb to distinguish what was helpful to her .
in her reading about the sistine chapel , we can imagine our friend using a rule of thumb to [differentiate] what was helpful to her .

Wölflinn used such terms to distinguish epochs ; they are only partly useful as interpretation , since Wölflinn tended to be more interested in art as an independent phenomenon than as having meaning intended by the artist . Wölflinn wrote Renaissance and Baroque in 1888 , which in the preface he described as follows :
wölflinn used such terms to [differentiate] epochs ; they are only partly useful as interpretation , since wölflinn tended to be more interested in art as an independent phenomenon than as having meaning intended by the artist . wölflinn wrote renaissance and baroque in 1888 , which in the preface he described as follows :

The behaviourist 's second line of defence is to distinguish between knowing and what is known , and say that the behavioural reduction applies only to the former .
the behaviourist 's second line of defence is to [differentiate] between knowing and what is known , and say that the behavioural reduction applies only to the former .

Martin Braine found that if children between five and six years of age are shown a standard visual illusion — such as a stick in water appearing to be broken , by light refraction — they will distinguish correctly between ‘ looks ?
martin braine found that if children between five and six years of age are shown a standard visual illusion — such as a stick in water appearing to be broken , by light refraction — they will [differentiate] correctly between ‘ looks ?

One of Layton 's traits , as Leonard was at pains to emphasise , was to distinguish between priest and prophet ; and Layton is not slow to emphasise the historic conflict between both offices .
one of layton 's traits , as leonard was at pains to emphasise , was to [differentiate] between priest and prophet ; and layton is not slow to emphasise the historic conflict between both offices .

At this point it is necessary to distinguish between foot sweeps and hooks .
at this point it is necessary to [differentiate] between foot sweeps and hooks .

Unfortunately , it is virtually impossible to distinguish between a severe bruise and a hairline fracture , so the tournament doctor will sometimes insist on your withdrawal , pending X-ray examination .
unfortunately , it is virtually impossible to [differentiate] between a severe bruise and a hairline fracture , so the tournament doctor will sometimes insist on your withdrawal , pending x-ray examination .

Wright is also correct to distinguish between a general interpretation of ‘ salvation by grace ’ — the teaching of the reformers — and its fundamentalist variant , which he terms ‘ salvation by grace through faith ’ .
wright is also correct to [differentiate] between a general interpretation of ‘ salvation by grace ’ — the teaching of the reformers — and its fundamentalist variant , which he terms ‘ salvation by grace through faith ’ .

She could distinguish desks , tom chairs , filing cabinets and Beautility tables .
she could [differentiate] desks , tom chairs , filing cabinets and beautility tables .

Sara stood in the road and inhaled warm , clean country air in which she could distinguish the smell of the sea from a hint of the gorse on the hills .
sara stood in the road and inhaled warm , clean country air in which she could [differentiate] the smell of the sea from a hint of the gorse on the hills .

If this latter event occurs , the result may be difficult to distinguish from a stroke due to atheroma in these arteries .
if this latter event occurs , the result may be difficult to [differentiate] from a stroke due to atheroma in these arteries .

The specific tests , on the other hand , very rarely give false-positive reactions , but are , like the reagin tests , unable to distinguish between syphilis and the other , non-venereal , treponemal diseases .
the specific tests , on the other hand , very rarely give false-positive reactions , but are , like the reagin tests , unable to [differentiate] between syphilis and the other , non-venereal , treponemal diseases .

The nits , also brown in colour , can be seen attached to the pubic hair , and examination with a magnifying glass will distinguish those containing a developing larva , which takes a week before it leaves the egg , from those which have already been vacated .
the nits , also brown in colour , can be seen attached to the pubic hair , and examination with a magnifying glass will [differentiate] those containing a developing larva , which takes a week before it leaves the egg , from those which have already been vacated .

Without some element of suffering in our lives , it is difficult to distinguish a pleasurable life from a happy life .
without some element of suffering in our lives , it is difficult to [differentiate] a pleasurable life from a happy life .

In our personal encounter with Christ , we begin to distinguish how we have naturally tried to please him , instead of allowing his love to enter our hearts so that we begin to love him with his gift of love to us .
in our personal encounter with christ , we begin to [differentiate] how we have naturally tried to please him , instead of allowing his love to enter our hearts so that we begin to love him with his gift of love to us .

It is thus quite difficult to ; distinguish the various princes of the family of Augustus .
it is thus quite difficult to ; [differentiate] the various princes of the family of augustus .

Elaborate wood and iron work , overhanging eaves , portes cochères , and all sorts of architectural ornamentation all conveyed a sense of the romance of travel , identified the station as landmark , and offered the various companies the opportunity to distinguish themselves by particular ‘ house ’ characteristics .
elaborate wood and iron work , overhanging eaves , portes cochères , and all sorts of architectural ornamentation all conveyed a sense of the romance of travel , identified the station as landmark , and offered the various companies the opportunity to [differentiate] themselves by particular ‘ house ’ characteristics .

There are of course exceptions — film noir , melodrama and , for television , prime-time melodrama are critical attempts to define a genre or distinguish a subgenre where no industry label exists — and in television there is increasing recognition by both critics and producers of cross-generic mutations which defy easy categorization .
there are of course exceptions — film noir , melodrama and , for television , prime-time melodrama are critical attempts to define a genre or [differentiate] a subgenre where no industry label exists — and in television there is increasing recognition by both critics and producers of cross-generic mutations which defy easy categorization .

It became important to distinguish a raised blood pressure caused by an unknown progressive disease from one associated with anxiety , stress , and fear , particularly fear of medical treatment and its implications ( ‘ white coat hypertension ’ ) .
it became important to [differentiate] a raised blood pressure caused by an unknown progressive disease from one associated with anxiety , stress , and fear , particularly fear of medical treatment and its implications ( ‘ white coat hypertension ’ ) .

What does distinguish the Thatcherite from the Kinnockite conversion is the connection it originally made with party roots .
what does [differentiate] the thatcherite from the kinnockite conversion is the connection it originally made with party roots .

Many features distinguish Wilson & Glick kitchens from others in a similar price bracket , making them exceptionally good value for money , as could be seen at the Ideal Home Exhibition which was even more successful ‘ the second time around ’ .
many features [differentiate] wilson & glick kitchens from others in a similar price bracket , making them exceptionally good value for money , as could be seen at the ideal home exhibition which was even more successful ‘ the second time around ’ .

The first step towards understanding the crisis of 1931 is to distinguish between different types of coalition government .
the first step towards understanding the crisis of 1931 is to [differentiate] between different types of coalition government .

The historian should distinguish between three different types of coalition government , or three National Governments .
the historian should [differentiate] between three different types of coalition government , or three national governments .

Even if one discounts this problem , there is the question as to whether the tradition of authority and concern with social discipline is sufficient in itself to define Conservatism and to distinguish it from other ideologies .
even if one discounts this problem , there is the question as to whether the tradition of authority and concern with social discipline is sufficient in itself to define conservatism and to [differentiate] it from other ideologies .

But Fforde , unlike the late Victorians and Edwardians , fails to distinguish between socialism as a political movement and ‘ socialism ’ as a contemporary synonym for state intervention .
but fforde , unlike the late victorians and edwardians , fails to [differentiate] between socialism as a political movement and ‘ socialism ’ as a contemporary synonym for state intervention .

It is therefore crucial to distinguish the three overlapping contexts in which the argument over economic policy was formulated : politics , policy , and theory .
it is therefore crucial to [differentiate] the three overlapping contexts in which the argument over economic policy was formulated : politics , policy , and theory .

Economists in particular do n't distinguish between the creation of wealth , which nowadays can be provided in large measure by machines , and the creation of employment , which in large measure requires other policies .
economists in particular do n't [differentiate] between the creation of wealth , which nowadays can be provided in large measure by machines , and the creation of employment , which in large measure requires other policies .

When a great political crisis arose , however , there was little to distinguish the political reactions of the Siberian from the Kursk peasantry .
when a great political crisis arose , however , there was little to [differentiate] the political reactions of the siberian from the kursk peasantry .

The light was fading and it was getting difficult to distinguish what was happening .
the light was fading and it was getting difficult to [differentiate] what was happening .

Seconds later she shoulder-charged the door , and found herself in an eerie moonlit room where she could distinguish nothing , except the deafening howls which seemed to reverberate off the walls .
seconds later she shoulder-charged the door , and found herself in an eerie moonlit room where she could [differentiate] nothing , except the deafening howls which seemed to reverberate off the walls .

On a number of issues informed observers were able to distinguish her own preferences from those of most of her Cabinet , hardly a sign of successful political management .
on a number of issues informed observers were able to [differentiate] her own preferences from those of most of her cabinet , hardly a sign of successful political management .

To understand this , it is necessary to distinguish between the areas of defence , law and order , and social policy — where the motive of government policy appears to be the concentration of authority to build a ‘ strong state ’ — and full employment , incomes policy , industrial policy , and public ownership from which the government has withdrawn to create ‘ a free economy ’ .
to understand this , it is necessary to [differentiate] between the areas of defence , law and order , and social policy — where the motive of government policy appears to be the concentration of authority to build a ‘ strong state ’ — and full employment , incomes policy , industrial policy , and public ownership from which the government has withdrawn to create ‘ a free economy ’ .

’ We need to distinguish between different media sources ‘ and also between the media 's ability to inform and its ability to persuade .
’ we need to [differentiate] between different media sources ‘ and also between the media 's ability to inform and its ability to persuade .

’ We need to distinguish between different elements of the media , and between the media 's ability to inform and its ability to persuade .
’ we need to [differentiate] between different elements of the media , and between the media 's ability to inform and its ability to persuade .

The two things are not the same , and , although Marx and Engels are not very clear , they do attempt to distinguish them .
the two things are not the same , and , although marx and engels are not very clear , they do attempt to [differentiate] them .

The second major effect of the introduction of private property occurred , according to Engels , as an indirect result of the change to patriliny , a state which he did not clearly distinguish from patriarchy .
the second major effect of the introduction of private property occurred , according to engels , as an indirect result of the change to patriliny , a state which he did not clearly [differentiate] from patriarchy .

Again one must distinguish the point of view of the outsider and the insider .
again one must [differentiate] the point of view of the outsider and the insider .

If they had just looked at the laws governing slavery , as had done both their contemporaries and more recent social scientists , they would have been unable to distinguish between slavery as a minor and rare form of exploitation , on the one hand , supplying occasional domestic and sexual luxuries , and slavery as the basis of whole economies , on the other hand , where most of production is carried out by slave labour .
if they had just looked at the laws governing slavery , as had done both their contemporaries and more recent social scientists , they would have been unable to [differentiate] between slavery as a minor and rare form of exploitation , on the one hand , supplying occasional domestic and sexual luxuries , and slavery as the basis of whole economies , on the other hand , where most of production is carried out by slave labour .

Existing smear tests find slight abnormalities in 250,000 women every year but can not distinguish between those who will go on to develop serious disease and those who will not .
existing smear tests find slight abnormalities in 250,000 women every year but can not [differentiate] between those who will go on to develop serious disease and those who will not .

While Ollokot was boisterous and full of daring , the young Joseph demonstrated the gentle , dignified nature that would distinguish his later life .
while ollokot was boisterous and full of daring , the young joseph demonstrated the gentle , dignified nature that would [differentiate] his later life .

Existing smear tests find slight abnormalities in 250,000 women every year , but can not distinguish between those who will go on to develop serious disease and those who will not .
existing smear tests find slight abnormalities in 250,000 women every year , but can not [differentiate] between those who will go on to develop serious disease and those who will not .

We have seen in the preliminary work that some , perhaps superficial , differences in procedures have been observed to distinguish between the ( again perhaps superficial ) differences of the ways in which these particular teams are organized .
we have seen in the preliminary work that some , perhaps superficial , differences in procedures have been observed to [differentiate] between the ( again perhaps superficial ) differences of the ways in which these particular teams are organized .

Our small scale numbers confirm the earlier studies quoted , that is , that older children especially , seem able to distinguish between different types of relationships and to have the capacity to relate to more than one set of parent figures simultaneously .
our small scale numbers confirm the earlier studies quoted , that is , that older children especially , seem able to [differentiate] between different types of relationships and to have the capacity to relate to more than one set of parent figures simultaneously .

Man must learn to distinguish between those things which are given and which he must accept as part of his creatureliness , and those conditions which , exercising his responsibility towards creation , he must seek to change .
man must learn to [differentiate] between those things which are given and which he must accept as part of his creatureliness , and those conditions which , exercising his responsibility towards creation , he must seek to change .

It was n't loud and she could n't distinguish anything he said , but during the time she was in the closet she could hear it droning on , with breaks here and there when her mother must be speaking .
it was n't loud and she could n't [differentiate] anything he said , but during the time she was in the closet she could hear it droning on , with breaks here and there when her mother must be speaking .

There are no reliable figures of unemployment , because no effort is made to distinguish between job-seekers who are available for work and those who are still at school or college , or working on the family-farm .
there are no reliable figures of unemployment , because no effort is made to [differentiate] between job-seekers who are available for work and those who are still at school or college , or working on the family-farm .

However , he said yesterday that it was important to distinguish between a crime in which computers were used as a tool , and computer fraud , which involved manipulating or corrupting a mainframe , which was still relatively uncommon .
however , he said yesterday that it was important to [differentiate] between a crime in which computers were used as a tool , and computer fraud , which involved manipulating or corrupting a mainframe , which was still relatively uncommon .

The word ‘ involuntary ’ is therefore used merely to distinguish these killings from ones which have the necessary intent for murder but which are reduced to manslaughter by one of the doctrines just considered , such as provocation or diminished responsibility .
the word ‘ involuntary ’ is therefore used merely to [differentiate] these killings from ones which have the necessary intent for murder but which are reduced to manslaughter by one of the doctrines just considered , such as provocation or diminished responsibility .

This factor serves to distinguish driving cases from those of deaths resulting from a single punch , and also to bolster the argument that the penalties for the former should be higher than for the latter .
this factor serves to [differentiate] driving cases from those of deaths resulting from a single punch , and also to bolster the argument that the penalties for the former should be higher than for the latter .

Should the criminal law really distinguish between unmarried and married couples when it comes to dealing with rape ?
should the criminal law really [differentiate] between unmarried and married couples when it comes to dealing with rape ?

‘ Never , perhaps , before was such a suit of mourning seen to distinguish the mourner-in-chief ; no long black cloak , no scarf , no hatband , no gloves … The only funeral emblem that he wore was a pair of black worsted stockings , which no doubt he had borrowed for the occasion … Coat he had none , but only a waistcoat with sleeves … fastened at his neck and in divers places below with pieces of cord … On his head he wore a white nightcap … ‘
‘ never , perhaps , before was such a suit of mourning seen to [differentiate] the mourner-in-chief ; no long black cloak , no scarf , no hatband , no gloves … the only funeral emblem that he wore was a pair of black worsted stockings , which no doubt he had borrowed for the occasion … coat he had none , but only a waistcoat with sleeves … fastened at his neck and in divers places below with pieces of cord … on his head he wore a white nightcap … ‘

Inlays may be very small in area and are often closely mixed with corrosion products from the metal into which the niello was set , so the analysis technique also has to distinguish the niello inlay from corrosion and the metal of the inlaid object itself .
inlays may be very small in area and are often closely mixed with corrosion products from the metal into which the niello was set , so the analysis technique also has to [differentiate] the niello inlay from corrosion and the metal of the inlaid object itself .

Neutron activation was not chosen because those elements which it can measure in flint ( as compared to pottery ) are more erratically distributed than those measured by atomic absorption ( the major elements in clay ) , and this makes it harder to distinguish the products of any two mines .
neutron activation was not chosen because those elements which it can measure in flint ( as compared to pottery ) are more erratically distributed than those measured by atomic absorption ( the major elements in clay ) , and this makes it harder to [differentiate] the products of any two mines .

Several research groups have concluded that the combined use of visual examination of grain size , stable isotopic analysis and trace element analysis may successfully distinguish all the major quarries of the Mediterranean region .
several research groups have concluded that the combined use of visual examination of grain size , stable isotopic analysis and trace element analysis may successfully [differentiate] all the major quarries of the mediterranean region .

This applies to both the major components which the craftsman deliberately mixed together to form the final product , and also to the trace elements of which he was probably ignorant , but which can indicate the likely source of some of the materials , thus enabling us to distinguish the genuine from the spurious .
this applies to both the major components which the craftsman deliberately mixed together to form the final product , and also to the trace elements of which he was probably ignorant , but which can indicate the likely source of some of the materials , thus enabling us to [differentiate] the genuine from the spurious .

The people of Israel are thought of as a people chosen by God who are to separate themselves from the rest of the peoples of the earth by a series of laws that distinguish the holy time ( sabbath ) from profane time , clean foods from unclean foods , clean from unclean bodily states and holy from unholy places .
the people of israel are thought of as a people chosen by god who are to separate themselves from the rest of the peoples of the earth by a series of laws that [differentiate] the holy time ( sabbath ) from profane time , clean foods from unclean foods , clean from unclean bodily states and holy from unholy places .

Although he is one of the most interesting experimental writers on the contemporary American scene , Wurlitzer 's novels are not particularly humorous and this would distinguish his works from those of Sukenick , Federman , and Pynchon .
although he is one of the most interesting experimental writers on the contemporary american scene , wurlitzer 's novels are not particularly humorous and this would [differentiate] his works from those of sukenick , federman , and pynchon .

New brickwork , where visible , is several tones lighter than the original , to distinguish the building 's newest section .
new brickwork , where visible , is several tones lighter than the original , to [differentiate] the building 's newest section .

It is also necessary to distinguish between different sections and levels of the republican movement .
it is also necessary to [differentiate] between different sections and levels of the republican movement .

He was clever , but disinclined to distinguish himself in study , athletic but lazy , honest but argumentative .
he was clever , but disinclined to [differentiate] himself in study , athletic but lazy , honest but argumentative .

He learned quickly with his sharpened hearing to distinguish the exact hum that said a hive was too hot , or near swarming .
he learned quickly with his sharpened hearing to [differentiate] the exact hum that said a hive was too hot , or near swarming .

This account can be illustrated by considering his analysis of how discrimination training might increase the ease with which one can distinguish burgundy from claret .
this account can be illustrated by considering his analysis of how discrimination training might increase the ease with which one can [differentiate] burgundy from claret .

These mechanisms allow a subject to ignore irrelevant aspects of stimuli , irrelevant aspects being those that fail to distinguish one stimulus from others .
these mechanisms allow a subject to ignore irrelevant aspects of stimuli , irrelevant aspects being those that fail to [differentiate] one stimulus from others .

In the first place , it is important to distinguish between the rule of law in its political and its criminal senses .
in the first place , it is important to [differentiate] between the rule of law in its political and its criminal senses .

The term is used to distinguish citizens from ‘ aliens ’ who suffer certain disabilities such as having no right to remain in the country , being liable to be deported in certain circumstances , often not being entitled to vote ( though Commonwealth citizens and citizens of the Republic of Ireland resident in this country do have the vote ) or to receive state benefits .
the term is used to [differentiate] citizens from ‘ aliens ’ who suffer certain disabilities such as having no right to remain in the country , being liable to be deported in certain circumstances , often not being entitled to vote ( though commonwealth citizens and citizens of the republic of ireland resident in this country do have the vote ) or to receive state benefits .

You have to distinguish between the Norway species , grown as a street tree , and the common wild sycamore , both of which have large leaves , and the garden kinds originating in China and the eastern regions of North America , which have much smaller leaves and an elegant bearing .
you have to [differentiate] between the norway species , grown as a street tree , and the common wild sycamore , both of which have large leaves , and the garden kinds originating in china and the eastern regions of north america , which have much smaller leaves and an elegant bearing .

Distinctive guitar riffs and Ian Telfer 's racy fiddle runs distinguish the powerful , literate songs — all their own , save for a punk-folk thrashing of Pete Seeger 's politically correct tour of Welsh mining communities , pit closures giving a metaphorical edge to the accusing refrain ‘ who killed the miners ?
distinctive guitar riffs and ian telfer 's racy fiddle runs [differentiate] the powerful , literate songs — all their own , save for a punk-folk thrashing of pete seeger 's politically correct tour of welsh mining communities , pit closures giving a metaphorical edge to the accusing refrain ‘ who killed the miners ?

’ Raskolnikov is young , preoccupied and merely puzzled — ‘ young , abstract and therefore cruel ’ , the severe voice of the novel descries him elsewhere — but the reader attends in tragic wonder , for he understands that Marmeladov has indeed nowhere to go , a nowhere which is the finality of his loose end , at once in character , at once personal to the selfish selfless rationale of one man 's marriage and his other circumstances , personal to his ‘ destitution ’ or ‘ extremity ’ or ‘ misère ’ ( nishcheta , which he is careful to distinguish from his poverty ) , and at the same time an objective and transpersonal theme running through all Dostoevsky 's work .
’ raskolnikov is young , preoccupied and merely puzzled — ‘ young , abstract and therefore cruel ’ , the severe voice of the novel descries him elsewhere — but the reader attends in tragic wonder , for he understands that marmeladov has indeed nowhere to go , a nowhere which is the finality of his loose end , at once in character , at once personal to the selfish selfless rationale of one man 's marriage and his other circumstances , personal to his ‘ destitution ’ or ‘ extremity ’ or ‘ misère ’ ( nishcheta , which he is careful to [differentiate] from his poverty ) , and at the same time an objective and transpersonal theme running through all dostoevsky 's work .

All this is due to newspaper picture editors ' inability to distinguish between a Pit Bull , Staffie or , my beloved breed , the Bullies .
all this is due to newspaper picture editors ' inability to [differentiate] between a pit bull , staffie or , my beloved breed , the bullies .

How deep one has to go , to distinguish not ‘ the man ’ from ‘ the poet ’ but ‘ the-man-who-is-the-poet ’ , appears from Olson 's splendid essay of 1949 , ‘ Granpa , Goodbye ’ .
how deep one has to go , to [differentiate] not ‘ the man ’ from ‘ the poet ’ but ‘ the-man-who-is-the-poet ’ , appears from olson 's splendid essay of 1949 , ‘ granpa , goodbye ’ .

Robinson detects ‘ a severe confusion of categories and contexts ’ , and he asks : ‘ Might we not distinguish in kind between literary promotion , such as Pound 's for Joyce , in war or peace , and advocacy such as Pound 's for Mussolini in war rather than peace ?
robinson detects ‘ a severe confusion of categories and contexts ’ , and he asks : ‘ might we not [differentiate] in kind between literary promotion , such as pound 's for joyce , in war or peace , and advocacy such as pound 's for mussolini in war rather than peace ?

In other words it can just distinguish stationary 1mm black vertical lines 1mm apart on a white background at a distance of 3m .
in other words it can just [differentiate] stationary 1mm black vertical lines 1mm apart on a white background at a distance of 3m .

Interestingly , Anthony Easthope acknowledges the distinction at one point in Poetry as Discourse : ‘ Failure to distinguish clearly between signified and referent , the object it may refer to , has led to serious confusion in some accounts of the ideogram .
interestingly , anthony easthope acknowledges the distinction at one point in poetry as discourse : ‘ failure to [differentiate] clearly between signified and referent , the object it may refer to , has led to serious confusion in some accounts of the ideogram .

Fokine was the first choreographer to distinguish the need for a particular style for each ballet when he created such different ballets as Les Sylphides , Le Carnaval , Prince Igor , The Firebird and Petrushka .
fokine was the first choreographer to [differentiate] the need for a particular style for each ballet when he created such different ballets as les sylphides , le carnaval , prince igor , the firebird and petrushka .

There is little to distinguish between the Italian character dance and its demi - caractère form save only that heeled shoes are worn and thus from time to time take on a slightly Spanish flavour , the only difference perhaps being the more fluid way of phrasing and less rigidly accurate timing of the steps .
there is little to [differentiate] between the italian character dance and its demi - caractère form save only that heeled shoes are worn and thus from time to time take on a slightly spanish flavour , the only difference perhaps being the more fluid way of phrasing and less rigidly accurate timing of the steps .

Early legislation on the subject of mental handicap failed to distinguish between mental handicap , mental illness , and what was considered to be moral incompetence .
early legislation on the subject of mental handicap failed to [differentiate] between mental handicap , mental illness , and what was considered to be moral incompetence .

And best distinguish 'd by black , brown , or fair
and best [differentiate] 'd by black , brown , or fair

For example , in advertising can pupils distinguish the aesthetic from the transactional ?
for example , in advertising can pupils [differentiate] the aesthetic from the transactional ?

In news broadcasts , panel discussions or documentaries can they distinguish how fair or balanced are the points of view presented ?
in news broadcasts , panel discussions or documentaries can they [differentiate] how fair or balanced are the points of view presented ?

In responding to children 's writing , teachers are well able to distinguish between an embryonic attempt at a story and a more developed example ; indeed , there is substantial research available on the stages of story-writing through which young writers progress .
in responding to children 's writing , teachers are well able to [differentiate] between an embryonic attempt at a story and a more developed example ; indeed , there is substantial research available on the stages of story-writing through which young writers progress .

In the early stages we distinguish between ‘ other chronological writing ’ and ‘ non-chronological writing ’ , for the reasons given in 17.24 .
in the early stages we [differentiate] between ‘ other chronological writing ’ and ‘ non-chronological writing ’ , for the reasons given in 17.24 .

We could therefore distinguish between comprehensive and narrow neutrality .
we could therefore [differentiate] between comprehensive and narrow neutrality .

Here we have to distinguish between the police and ordinary mortals .
here we have to [differentiate] between the police and ordinary mortals .

But in following embryonic cell lineages of blood or neural crest the early cells are bewilderingly similar ; there are no obvious features which can be used to distinguish , say , early red blood cells from white cells .
but in following embryonic cell lineages of blood or neural crest the early cells are bewilderingly similar ; there are no obvious features which can be used to [differentiate] , say , early red blood cells from white cells .

Major advances in overcoming this difficulty have been made by using antibodies to distinguish between cells that seem very similar .
major advances in overcoming this difficulty have been made by using antibodies to [differentiate] between cells that seem very similar .

In 1919 there was little to distinguish the ‘ summer grounds ’ of large areas of the Somerset Levels from their saturated state a hundred years earlier .
in 1919 there was little to [differentiate] the ‘ summer grounds ’ of large areas of the somerset levels from their saturated state a hundred years earlier .

However highly we may value the findings of this committee , it is worth asserting again the need to distinguish the concept of language , as something as necessary to us as our limbs or our most essential man-made tools like spades and kettles , from that of literature .
however highly we may value the findings of this committee , it is worth asserting again the need to [differentiate] the concept of language , as something as necessary to us as our limbs or our most essential man-made tools like spades and kettles , from that of literature .

Such a programme for generalizing the curriculum will be attacked , especially by those who distinguish ‘ difficult ’ from ‘ soft ’ subjects , and who hold that the difficult is the specialized or narrow .
such a programme for generalizing the curriculum will be attacked , especially by those who [differentiate] ‘ difficult ’ from ‘ soft ’ subjects , and who hold that the difficult is the specialized or narrow .

to recall and use historical knowledge accurately and relevantly in support of a logical and evaluative argument ; to distinguish between the cause and the occasion of an event ; to show that change in history is not necessarily linear or progressive ; to compare and contrast people , events , issues and institutions ; to demonstrate understanding of such concepts by deploying accurate though limited evidence .
to recall and use historical knowledge accurately and relevantly in support of a logical and evaluative argument ; to [differentiate] between the cause and the occasion of an event ; to show that change in history is not necessarily linear or progressive ; to compare and contrast people , events , issues and institutions ; to demonstrate understanding of such concepts by deploying accurate though limited evidence .

The good candidate , for example , must distinguish between ‘ cause ’ and ‘ occasion ’ ; the average candidate , on the other hand , must show an understanding , albeit basic , of the concepts of ‘ cause ’ and ‘ consequence ’ .
the good candidate , for example , must [differentiate] between ‘ cause ’ and ‘ occasion ’ ; the average candidate , on the other hand , must show an understanding , albeit basic , of the concepts of ‘ cause ’ and ‘ consequence ’ .

So on gaining the top , where the walkers are tucking into their second pork pie , the rock-climber needs some way to distinguish him or herself as greatly superior .
so on gaining the top , where the walkers are tucking into their second pork pie , the rock-climber needs some way to [differentiate] him or herself as greatly superior .

The rather crude criterion that we have used to distinguish between types of eruption , the degree of violence of explosiveness , reflects two more fundamental variables , the viscosity of the lava and the gas content .
the rather crude criterion that we have used to [differentiate] between types of eruption , the degree of violence of explosiveness , reflects two more fundamental variables , the viscosity of the lava and the gas content .

The tephra in any one place may include a wide range of different-sized fragments and a simple set of terms is used to distinguish between these :
the tephra in any one place may include a wide range of different-sized fragments and a simple set of terms is used to [differentiate] between these :

It has , of course , many other characteristics , of which companionship and mutual support is an important one , but the characteristics which distinguish it from all other relationships can only be met by two persons of the opposite sex .
it has , of course , many other characteristics , of which companionship and mutual support is an important one , but the characteristics which [differentiate] it from all other relationships can only be met by two persons of the opposite sex .

It is important to distinguish the situation of the patient here from that of the patient who is unconscious and terminally ill .
it is important to [differentiate] the situation of the patient here from that of the patient who is unconscious and terminally ill .

It is often difficult to distinguish from damp caused by the entry of rain and ground water , but it is nearly always accompanied by the formulation of mould — usually green/black .
it is often difficult to [differentiate] from damp caused by the entry of rain and ground water , but it is nearly always accompanied by the formulation of mould — usually green/black .

The interior is covered with plasterboard which is then skimmed with plaster so that when the house is finished it is impossible to distinguish visually between this and the traditional structure where the load-bearing walls are solid brick or concrete blocks .
the interior is covered with plasterboard which is then skimmed with plaster so that when the house is finished it is impossible to [differentiate] visually between this and the traditional structure where the load-bearing walls are solid brick or concrete blocks .

Any damp that is evident must be fully tested by a damp-proofing specialist , but try to distinguish between damp and condensation ( see Chapter 4 ) .
any damp that is evident must be fully tested by a damp-proofing specialist , but try to [differentiate] between damp and condensation ( see chapter 4 ) .

Distinguish between the rainwater drains and foul drains by flushing toilets and observing the manholes , then by pouring a bucket of water into external rainwater gullies . Are the two systems separate ?
[differentiate] between the rainwater drains and foul drains by flushing toilets and observing the manholes , then by pouring a bucket of water into external rainwater gullies . are the two systems separate ?

Beginners in Japlish use that sound for both ‘ l ’ and ‘ r ’ , but more advanced speakers learn to distinguish between the two so that they can get them mixed up .
beginners in japlish use that sound for both ‘ l ’ and ‘ r ’ , but more advanced speakers learn to [differentiate] between the two so that they can get them mixed up .

They will also try to inculcate you with a spurious respect for a ‘ culture ’ which not only fails to distinguish between what is good and what is profitable but which can not distinguish between substance and insubstantiality .
they will also try to inculcate you with a spurious respect for a ‘ culture ’ which not only fails to [differentiate] between what is good and what is profitable but which can not [differentiate] between substance and insubstantiality .

England is one of the few countries in which the legal tradition provides a test which can distinguish between the natural and the unnatural , the civilised and the barbarous .
england is one of the few countries in which the legal tradition provides a test which can [differentiate] between the natural and the unnatural , the civilised and the barbarous .

It will always be hard for the courts to distinguish between what is harmful and what is merely unpleasant or challenging , but it is a task which society must confront for its own good .
it will always be hard for the courts to [differentiate] between what is harmful and what is merely unpleasant or challenging , but it is a task which society must confront for its own good .

However , it is often difficult to distinguish between fact and fiction .
however , it is often difficult to [differentiate] between fact and fiction .

At first infants can not distinguish between themselves and others .
at first infants can not [differentiate] between themselves and others .

Like many previous philosophers and psychologists , Jung devised a typology to distinguish personality types , the characteristic ways in which different people use their minds and react to their environment .
like many previous philosophers and psychologists , jung devised a typology to [differentiate] personality types , the characteristic ways in which different people use their minds and react to their environment .

So we can often distinguish between people who live their life as it happens and those who run their lives .
so we can often [differentiate] between people who live their life as it happens and those who run their lives .

But with inflation , it becomes impossible for consumers to distinguish between a price rise that is a true relative price rise and one-that is just part of the general upward movement in prices .
but with inflation , it becomes impossible for consumers to [differentiate] between a price rise that is a true relative price rise and one-that is just part of the general upward movement in prices .

When talking about brothers and sisters , children can often say who is the tallest or shortest , but find it difficult to distinguish between oldest and youngest .
when talking about brothers and sisters , children can often say who is the tallest or shortest , but find it difficult to [differentiate] between oldest and youngest .

These will have a larger , even a massive number of entrances and bolt-holes and it is first of all very important to be able to distinguish between the entrances and exits .
these will have a larger , even a massive number of entrances and bolt-holes and it is first of all very important to be able to [differentiate] between the entrances and exits .

The amateurs were unable to distinguish one shaft from another for either woods or irons .
the amateurs were unable to [differentiate] one shaft from another for either woods or irons .

Request : The Liberal ex-chief was asked to write a few words for ‘ Backroom Boys ’ , a book about ‘ men who distinguish themselves without excess , folk quite happy to take a pleasingly light and unimposing approach , and yet who nevertheless make a reasonably fair showing throughout life ’ .
request : the liberal ex-chief was asked to write a few words for ‘ backroom boys ’ , a book about ‘ men who [differentiate] themselves without excess , folk quite happy to take a pleasingly light and unimposing approach , and yet who nevertheless make a reasonably fair showing throughout life ’ .

Health statistics tend to relate to large psychiatric hospitals which include younger patients and often it is not possible to distinguish costs for acute or assessment beds or for outpatient or day hospital attendances .
health statistics tend to relate to large psychiatric hospitals which include younger patients and often it is not possible to [differentiate] costs for acute or assessment beds or for outpatient or day hospital attendances .

In order to alleviate that stress , however , it is necessary to distinguish the circumstances under which caring causes strain .
in order to alleviate that stress , however , it is necessary to [differentiate] the circumstances under which caring causes strain .

It became customary to refer to all bovines as ‘ black cattle ’ in order to distinguish them from other ‘ cattle ’ such as horses , sheep and pigs .
it became customary to refer to all bovines as ‘ black cattle ’ in order to [differentiate] them from other ‘ cattle ’ such as horses , sheep and pigs .

They can even distinguish the scent of other human beings by sniffing the ground where they may have walked .
they can even [differentiate] the scent of other human beings by sniffing the ground where they may have walked .

It is indeed hard to distinguish , in the mists of the so-called ‘ dark ages ’ of Cornwall , as to where fact and fantasy merge .
it is indeed hard to [differentiate] , in the mists of the so-called ‘ dark ages ’ of cornwall , as to where fact and fantasy merge .

It is important to emphasise that the concept of ageism does not deny the ageing process , but rather seeks to distinguish between — on the one hand — ageing as a process of physiological decline and — on the other — the social phenomenon which forms the basis of the disadvantage and oppression of older people .
it is important to emphasise that the concept of ageism does not deny the ageing process , but rather seeks to [differentiate] between — on the one hand — ageing as a process of physiological decline and — on the other — the social phenomenon which forms the basis of the disadvantage and oppression of older people .

Manufactures should fist distinguish what products would suit the market as a whole and then see whether any special requirements are needed by those who are very old .
manufactures should fist [differentiate] what products would suit the market as a whole and then see whether any special requirements are needed by those who are very old .

Chuck saw her coming , and called out to her , but she was too far away to distinguish what he said .
chuck saw her coming , and called out to her , but she was too far away to [differentiate] what he said .

— The scarlet coat started as a uniform for the hunt staff ( paid professionals ) in the eighteenth century to distinguish them from the gentlemen riders who wore coats of all colours then .
— the scarlet coat started as a uniform for the hunt staff ( paid professionals ) in the eighteenth century to [differentiate] them from the gentlemen riders who wore coats of all colours then .

‘ By a quarter to six , ’ the Yorkshire Post reported , ‘ it was practically impossible to distinguish players in midfield ’ and the teams were like ‘ moving figures in shadowland ’ .
‘ by a quarter to six , ’ the yorkshire post reported , ‘ it was practically impossible to [differentiate] players in midfield ’ and the teams were like ‘ moving figures in shadowland ’ .

It is essential to distinguish between , on the one hand , attaching priorities to different types of service or service to particular user groups , and on the other ensuring that certain types of material , reflecting certain views , are excluded from libraries altogether .
it is essential to [differentiate] between , on the one hand , attaching priorities to different types of service or service to particular user groups , and on the other ensuring that certain types of material , reflecting certain views , are excluded from libraries altogether .

The purpose of this chapter is to distinguish between the main types of bibliography used for selection , and to give a few pertinent examples of each .
the purpose of this chapter is to [differentiate] between the main types of bibliography used for selection , and to give a few pertinent examples of each .

Self-assessment using a Personal Learning Journal is an integral part of the basic training programme , but where a trainee is new and vulnerable it may be hard to distinguish a slow learner from a hard-pressed tutor .
self-assessment using a personal learning journal is an integral part of the basic training programme , but where a trainee is new and vulnerable it may be hard to [differentiate] a slow learner from a hard-pressed tutor .

The first car , initially 616 , was renumbered 1 and painted in a striking livery of crimson and sunshine-yellow , to distinguish it from crewed cars .
the first car , initially 616 , was renumbered 1 and painted in a striking livery of crimson and sunshine-yellow , to [differentiate] it from crewed cars .

In trying to sum up what this Green Movement is you need to distinguish between two important polarities , or tendencies .
in trying to sum up what this green movement is you need to [differentiate] between two important polarities , or tendencies .

At outcrop from Cornwall to Somerset and South Wales it is possible to distinguish five zones characterised by successive northward decreases in their degree of metamorphism and deformation , and in their deformation ages .
at outcrop from cornwall to somerset and south wales it is possible to [differentiate] five zones characterised by successive northward decreases in their degree of metamorphism and deformation , and in their deformation ages .

It was mentioned earlier that one must distinguish between economic efficiency and cost-cutting .
it was mentioned earlier that one must [differentiate] between economic efficiency and cost-cutting .

The probable origin of the trust in the commendatio made it important to continue to distinguish clearly between cases where it was intended to confer a benefit and cases where the intention was merely to ask the favour of safe-keeping .
the probable origin of the trust in the commendatio made it important to continue to [differentiate] clearly between cases where it was intended to confer a benefit and cases where the intention was merely to ask the favour of safe-keeping .

It is necessary to distinguish two issues here : whether a trust has been created ; whether it is actionable .
it is necessary to [differentiate] two issues here : whether a trust has been created ; whether it is actionable .

But we need to distinguish it from another type .
but we need to [differentiate] it from another type .

In post-classical times precatory character came to be the way to distinguish between trusts and civil-law institutions ( said , in contrast , to be ‘ direct ’ ) .
in post-classical times precatory character came to be the way to [differentiate] between trusts and civil-law institutions ( said , in contrast , to be ‘ direct ’ ) .

The works of Scaevola apart , classical law seems to have continued to distinguish between legacy and trust .
the works of scaevola apart , classical law seems to have continued to [differentiate] between legacy and trust .

From that time onwards there was reason still , but not so much reason , to distinguish between trusts and legacies .
from that time onwards there was reason still , but not so much reason , to [differentiate] between trusts and legacies .

In the year 1887 Chichester Bell and Charles Sumner Tainter patented their improved machine , which they called ‘ The Graphophone ’ to distinguish it from Edison 's ‘ phonograph ’ ( 3 ) .
in the year 1887 chichester bell and charles sumner tainter patented their improved machine , which they called ‘ the graphophone ’ to [differentiate] it from edison 's ‘ phonograph ’ ( 3 ) .

Players were encouraged to exaggerate the portamento and vibrato features of their instruments to help distinguish them from the wind sections ( 11 ) .
players were encouraged to exaggerate the portamento and vibrato features of their instruments to help [differentiate] them from the wind sections ( 11 ) .

When you name a document of your own , you can add your own filename extension to help you distinguish it from other types of files .
when you name a document of your own , you can add your own filename extension to help you [differentiate] it from other types of files .

It is important to distinguish the influences of both , as both may introduce particular sets of biases into the fossil assemblage .
it is important to [differentiate] the influences of both , as both may introduce particular sets of biases into the fossil assemblage .

Needless to say , this gives rise to considerable confusion , for it is not possible to distinguish the results of scavenging from predation on the bone modifications alone .
needless to say , this gives rise to considerable confusion , for it is not possible to [differentiate] the results of scavenging from predation on the bone modifications alone .

Attempts have been made to distinguish predation from scavenging ( Binford , 1981 ; Bunn , 1982 ; Shipman , 1983b , 1986 ) , but this work has been based entirely on analysis of large mammals ( Behrensmeyer , 1987 ) .
attempts have been made to [differentiate] predation from scavenging ( binford , 1981 ; bunn , 1982 ; shipman , 1983b , 1986 ) , but this work has been based entirely on analysis of large mammals ( behrensmeyer , 1987 ) .

Shotwell ( 1955 ) attempted to distinguish between bones from different sources by devising an index of completeness of preservation , by which species represented by most complete remains must have been transported shorter distances and therefore have come from communities close by , while species with less well preserved remains must have come from more distant communities .
shotwell ( 1955 ) attempted to [differentiate] between bones from different sources by devising an index of completeness of preservation , by which species represented by most complete remains must have been transported shorter distances and therefore have come from communities close by , while species with less well preserved remains must have come from more distant communities .

Since these variations can occur within a single species , and even within a single individual , it is clear that good samples are necessary before attempting to distinguish patterns .
since these variations can occur within a single species , and even within a single individual , it is clear that good samples are necessary before attempting to [differentiate] patterns .

Unfortunately , apart from the papers quoted above , little has been done to distinguish immature from adult digestive processes .
unfortunately , apart from the papers quoted above , little has been done to [differentiate] immature from adult digestive processes .

It proved possible to distinguish between bone assemblages produced by the different families of carnivore but more difficult to distinguish within families ( Andrews & Evans , 1983 ) .
it proved possible to [differentiate] between bone assemblages produced by the different families of carnivore but more difficult to [differentiate] within families ( andrews & evans , 1983 ) .

bone digestion in prey assemblages is the most diagnostic feature by which predators may be identified from the bones of their prey , although here too it is not possible to distinguish all predator species .
bone digestion in prey assemblages is the most diagnostic feature by which predators may be identified from the bones of their prey , although here too it is not possible to [differentiate] all predator species .

The differing proportions by which the various elements of the prey skeletons are represented in a predator assemblage are frequently used to distinguish between different predator types ( for example , Korth , 1979 ; Dodson & Wexlar , 1979 , Andrews & Evans , 1983 ) .
the differing proportions by which the various elements of the prey skeletons are represented in a predator assemblage are frequently used to [differentiate] between different predator types ( for example , korth , 1979 ; dodson & wexlar , 1979 , andrews & evans , 1983 ) .

The proportions of isolated maxillae to maxillae present in the skulls ( columns 4 and 5 of Table 3.5 ) distinguish four groups of predator assemblage .
the proportions of isolated maxillae to maxillae present in the skulls ( columns 4 and 5 of table 3.5 ) [differentiate] four groups of predator assemblage .

One of the drawbacks to using any of the breakage data described so far is that later depositional agencies produce additional breakage , and it is difficult to distinguish between them .
one of the drawbacks to using any of the breakage data described so far is that later depositional agencies produce additional breakage , and it is difficult to [differentiate] between them .

However , it is these measurable indicators which distinguish the service from many other education business strategies .
however , it is these measurable indicators which [differentiate] the service from many other education business strategies .

Here it is important to distinguish between any reaction brought about due to the perception of the odour , and any reaction brought about by the odorant itself , or the presence of other substances which accompany the odorant .
here it is important to [differentiate] between any reaction brought about due to the perception of the odour , and any reaction brought about by the odorant itself , or the presence of other substances which accompany the odorant .

, whereas the character of an odour is the odour sensation which enables the nose to distinguish one odour from another presumably on the basis of prior knowledge .
, whereas the character of an odour is the odour sensation which enables the nose to [differentiate] one odour from another presumably on the basis of prior knowledge .

What is clear is that once again it is important to distinguish between the perception of odours per se , here on in referred to as ‘ odour nuisance ’ , which may be a source of annoyance to workers and the existence of toxic odorants in the working environment .
what is clear is that once again it is important to [differentiate] between the perception of odours per se , here on in referred to as ‘ odour nuisance ’ , which may be a source of annoyance to workers and the existence of toxic odorants in the working environment .

There are eight behaviours that are typical of successful negotiators and distinguish them from the less successful .
there are eight behaviours that are typical of successful negotiators and [differentiate] them from the less successful .

The reorganization in England recognized some important variations between areas , for example in ( not always successfully ) attempting to distinguish between metropolitan districts ( such as Sheffield , Birmingham and Manchester ) and non-metropolitan districts ( such as South Northamptonshire and South Bedfordshire ) .
the reorganization in england recognized some important variations between areas , for example in ( not always successfully ) attempting to [differentiate] between metropolitan districts ( such as sheffield , birmingham and manchester ) and non-metropolitan districts ( such as south northamptonshire and south bedfordshire ) .

If ‘ joint control ’ is established , a further analysis must be made to distinguish whether or not the joint venture is of a cooperative or concentrative nature .
if ‘ joint control ’ is established , a further analysis must be made to [differentiate] whether or not the joint venture is of a cooperative or concentrative nature .

The Commission has given some guidance on how to distinguish between cooperative and concentrative operations in a published notice .
the commission has given some guidance on how to [differentiate] between cooperative and concentrative operations in a published notice .

Most Christian ceremonies are similar , with maybe slight changes in vows to distinguish between them .
most christian ceremonies are similar , with maybe slight changes in vows to [differentiate] between them .

Despite all this talk of changes in consciousness , no one has managed to find any physiological changes that uniquely distinguish hypnosis from the waking state .
despite all this talk of changes in consciousness , no one has managed to find any physiological changes that uniquely [differentiate] hypnosis from the waking state .

The very process of hypnosis , they claim , can create convincing pseudomemories which no one , not even the person hypnotised , can distinguish from real ones .
the very process of hypnosis , they claim , can create convincing pseudomemories which no one , not even the person hypnotised , can [differentiate] from real ones .

It uses ordinary light , not X-rays , to distinguish between potatoes , clods of earth and stones during harvesting at a rate of 25 tonnes per day .
it uses ordinary light , not x-rays , to [differentiate] between potatoes , clods of earth and stones during harvesting at a rate of 25 tonnes per day .

We can not , for instance , distinguish clearly between Na-O and Si-0 pairs , or Na-O and Ca-O pairs .
we can not , for instance , [differentiate] clearly between na-o and si-0 pairs , or na-o and ca-o pairs .

The atomic electrons occupy discrete energy levels and the various ‘ thresholds ’ , or wavelengths at which absorption begins to occur , enable us to distinguish one element from another , even if they are all present in the same specimen .
the atomic electrons occupy discrete energy levels and the various ‘ thresholds ’ , or wavelengths at which absorption begins to occur , enable us to [differentiate] one element from another , even if they are all present in the same specimen .

This allowed them to distinguish between the two separate processes of adsorption of viruses onto cells , and actual entry into the cells .
this allowed them to [differentiate] between the two separate processes of adsorption of viruses onto cells , and actual entry into the cells .

But not all mosquitoes that breed in puddles or water pots are vectors of malaria , and it takes a competent entomologist to distinguish the dangerous from the harmless and to carry out this ‘ species sanitation ’ .
but not all mosquitoes that breed in puddles or water pots are vectors of malaria , and it takes a competent entomologist to [differentiate] the dangerous from the harmless and to carry out this ‘ species sanitation ’ .

Doctors call this reaction chronic inflammation to distinguish it from the immediate , acute reaction or injury or allergy .
doctors call this reaction chronic inflammation to [differentiate] it from the immediate , acute reaction or injury or allergy .

This display of aesthetic preference is not absolute , but probabilistic : given a choice between two colours that we know from learning experiments they can distinguish reliably — purple and blue , for example — the bees will choose their favourite , purple , only 70 per cent of the time rather than 100 per cent .
this display of aesthetic preference is not absolute , but probabilistic : given a choice between two colours that we know from learning experiments they can [differentiate] reliably — purple and blue , for example — the bees will choose their favourite , purple , only 70 per cent of the time rather than 100 per cent .

Apparently they ‘ knew ’ how wide the lake was , and so were able to distinguish between sources allegedly in the lake and sources on the shore .
apparently they ‘ knew ’ how wide the lake was , and so were able to [differentiate] between sources allegedly in the lake and sources on the shore .

If it was important for an individual animal to be able to distinguish between other zebras , evolution would have led the three patterns away from one another to a greater degree .
if it was important for an individual animal to be able to [differentiate] between other zebras , evolution would have led the three patterns away from one another to a greater degree .

The eyes of predators are finely tuned to the slightest movement , but are less well equipped to distinguish static shapes , especially if their outlines are blurred by broken patterning or by foliage cover .
the eyes of predators are finely tuned to the slightest movement , but are less well equipped to [differentiate] static shapes , especially if their outlines are blurred by broken patterning or by foliage cover .

For example , it may be possible to distinguish between spatial , technical and social boundaries .
for example , it may be possible to [differentiate] between spatial , technical and social boundaries .

Otherwise the darkness was intense and they could barely distinguish the ground at their feet .
otherwise the darkness was intense and they could barely [differentiate] the ground at their feet .

First there was a vague lightening of the sky ahead , then the drumming of the rain was less persistent , the lesser darkness in the heavens spread until it was over them , they could distinguish the greater irregularities of the ground , the last few drops of rain splashed down and a blissful silence spread around them broken only by the sibillations of the water draining away among the rocks and the splash of their sodden feet .
first there was a vague lightening of the sky ahead , then the drumming of the rain was less persistent , the lesser darkness in the heavens spread until it was over them , they could [differentiate] the greater irregularities of the ground , the last few drops of rain splashed down and a blissful silence spread around them broken only by the sibillations of the water draining away among the rocks and the splash of their sodden feet .

In the lay hierarchy one can distinguish three main grades : kings , princes , great nobles ; knights or landed warriors ; and peasants .
in the lay hierarchy one can [differentiate] three main grades : kings , princes , great nobles ; knights or landed warriors ; and peasants .

The documents sometimes distinguish between a slave living in his master 's house and a slave with a cottage of his own , but not very often .
the documents sometimes [differentiate] between a slave living in his master 's house and a slave with a cottage of his own , but not very often .

In this kind of discussion it is necessary to distinguish between cultural , shared associations , and associations specific to the individual person .
in this kind of discussion it is necessary to [differentiate] between cultural , shared associations , and associations specific to the individual person .

However , it is important to distinguish the presumptions applied to outgoing partners from those relevant to incoming ones .
however , it is important to [differentiate] the presumptions applied to outgoing partners from those relevant to incoming ones .

In particular , as outlined below , one area of potential dissension and difficulty in the modern small private company is the very fact that some of the relevant legal rules and remedies are based on being able to distinguish the capacity in which a particular individual may be acting at a given time .
in particular , as outlined below , one area of potential dissension and difficulty in the modern small private company is the very fact that some of the relevant legal rules and remedies are based on being able to [differentiate] the capacity in which a particular individual may be acting at a given time .

, if we study the commodity-product furnished by society during the year , then it must become apparent how the process of reproduction of the social capital takes place , what characteristics distinguish this process of reproduction from the process of reproduction of an individual capital , and what characteristics are common to both .
, if we study the commodity-product furnished by society during the year , then it must become apparent how the process of reproduction of the social capital takes place , what characteristics [differentiate] this process of reproduction from the process of reproduction of an individual capital , and what characteristics are common to both .

The criticism of Bukharin 's secondary equations is sustained because he failed to distinguish between a and a ' , but in the context of his assumptions this was not strictly necessary .
the criticism of bukharin 's secondary equations is sustained because he failed to [differentiate] between a and a ' , but in the context of his assumptions this was not strictly necessary .

One must distinguish from the cases of the imaginary form where price does not rest on a value correlation .
one must [differentiate] from the cases of the imaginary form where price does not rest on a value correlation .

Caterpillars have limited eyesight — they can really only distinguish light and dark .
caterpillars have limited eyesight — they can really only [differentiate] light and dark .

Rover has been quick to identify and exploit on the visual cues that so distinguish its cars , as witnessed by the successful return of the traditional chrome grille .
rover has been quick to identify and exploit on the visual cues that so [differentiate] its cars , as witnessed by the successful return of the traditional chrome grille .

Neither is he able , usually , even as an adult human , to distinguish the sounds made by individual birds of the same species — though the birds themselves can do this .
neither is he able , usually , even as an adult human , to [differentiate] the sounds made by individual birds of the same species — though the birds themselves can do this .

Ideally , the marker trees would be of a species that was foreign to , or rare in , the area , and easy to distinguish by form and size at all seasons .
ideally , the marker trees would be of a species that was foreign to , or rare in , the area , and easy to [differentiate] by form and size at all seasons .

It is the purest form of finding out about an ancient site , but it does depend on the ability of the observer to distinguish information that may be coming in from a variety of sources .
it is the purest form of finding out about an ancient site , but it does depend on the ability of the observer to [differentiate] information that may be coming in from a variety of sources .

For many people , it may be difficult to distinguish candidiasis from food intolerance at the outset , because the two have a great deal in common , at least in the symptoms they cause : compare the table on p 183 with the illustration on — p 13 .
for many people , it may be difficult to [differentiate] candidiasis from food intolerance at the outset , because the two have a great deal in common , at least in the symptoms they cause : compare the table on p 183 with the illustration on — p 13 .

There are readily available tests for lactase deficiency , but these do not distinguish between true lactase deficiency ( or primary lactase deficiency ) and secondary lactase deficiency .
there are readily available tests for lactase deficiency , but these do not [differentiate] between true lactase deficiency ( or primary lactase deficiency ) and secondary lactase deficiency .

More complicated tests can distinguish the two , and these show that primary lactase deficiency is actually very rare .
more complicated tests can [differentiate] the two , and these show that primary lactase deficiency is actually very rare .

An acute reaction to food may be difficult to distinguish from a viral infection that produces an attack of gastroenteritis , because the virus can not always be detected in the baby 's stools .
an acute reaction to food may be difficult to [differentiate] from a viral infection that produces an attack of gastroenteritis , because the virus can not always be detected in the baby 's stools .

In such cases , it may be quite difficult to distinguish hyperkinetic syndrome from normal ' behaviour — emotional upset and misconduct may be due to family tensions , lack of discipline , an unsettled home life , difficulties at school , or a great variety of other causes .
in such cases , it may be quite difficult to [differentiate] hyperkinetic syndrome from normal ' behaviour — emotional upset and misconduct may be due to family tensions , lack of discipline , an unsettled home life , difficulties at school , or a great variety of other causes .

Contrary to what the course books say , we do distinguish between familiar and formal modes of address in English , between tu and usted .
contrary to what the course books say , we do [differentiate] between familiar and formal modes of address in english , between tu and usted .

Dr Bernard Tinker , chairman of the Environmental Change Network steering committee , commented ‘ It is only through long-term observation of sensitive indicators that we can begin to distinguish genuine trends from short-term fluctuations .
dr bernard tinker , chairman of the environmental change network steering committee , commented ‘ it is only through long-term observation of sensitive indicators that we can begin to [differentiate] genuine trends from short-term fluctuations .

If they are to succeed as stealthy hunters , they must be able to detect the most minute rustlings and squeaks , and must be able to distinguish precise direction and distance to pinpoint their intended victims .
if they are to succeed as stealthy hunters , they must be able to detect the most minute rustlings and squeaks , and must be able to [differentiate] precise direction and distance to pinpoint their intended victims .

This suggests that men are more cruel than women towards cats , but such an interpretation assumes that cats can distinguish between deliberate cruelty and pain inflicted for the animals ' own good .
this suggests that men are more cruel than women towards cats , but such an interpretation assumes that cats can [differentiate] between deliberate cruelty and pain inflicted for the animals ' own good .

Although these terms are sometimes used interchangeably , it is useful to distinguish between them .
although these terms are sometimes used interchangeably , it is useful to [differentiate] between them .

If both of these activities are to be taught , then two objectives are needed so that we can distinguish between failures of planning and failures in execution .
if both of these activities are to be taught , then two objectives are needed so that we can [differentiate] between failures of planning and failures in execution .

In recent years it has become more acceptable to distinguish between different types of learning .
in recent years it has become more acceptable to [differentiate] between different types of learning .

The student learns to recognise and distinguish between different kinds of events and responds to them appropriately . Examples :
the student learns to recognise and [differentiate] between different kinds of events and responds to them appropriately . examples :

Whereas in discrimination learning the student learns to distinguish between events and objects on the basis of their differences , in concept learning she concentrates on the similarities of phenomena belonging to a class and makes a common response to them . Examples :
whereas in discrimination learning the student learns to [differentiate] between events and objects on the basis of their differences , in concept learning she concentrates on the similarities of phenomena belonging to a class and makes a common response to them . examples :

Two difficulties often encountered in this type of learning are : that complex phenomena are more difficult to distinguish than simple ones , and when similar phenomena , that is those with many characteristics in common , are being examined there is a greater chance of confusion .
two difficulties often encountered in this type of learning are : that complex phenomena are more difficult to [differentiate] than simple ones , and when similar phenomena , that is those with many characteristics in common , are being examined there is a greater chance of confusion .

In considering problem-solving , the final level of the hierarchy , it is necessary to distinguish between the learning of solutions and learning how to solve problems .
in considering problem-solving , the final level of the hierarchy , it is necessary to [differentiate] between the learning of solutions and learning how to solve problems .

Would you distinguish between different types of shop ? Between a small , local shop where there is likely to be less security , and a large supermarket or department store ?
would you [differentiate] between different types of shop ? between a small , local shop where there is likely to be less security , and a large supermarket or department store ?

Although it is conceded that a ‘ decline ’ occurred in a few trades , reformers are said to have been confused by terminology and to have failed to distinguish between ‘ deskilling of individual jobs and industrial changes which led to the number of jobs in certain industries or occupations declining either relatively or absolutely , but not to the nature of the job themselves changing ’ .
although it is conceded that a ‘ decline ’ occurred in a few trades , reformers are said to have been confused by terminology and to have failed to [differentiate] between ‘ deskilling of individual jobs and industrial changes which led to the number of jobs in certain industries or occupations declining either relatively or absolutely , but not to the nature of the job themselves changing ’ .

Bank deposits , because they are freely accepted in payment/settlement of debts , form part of a country 's money supply . Most banks and monetary authorities distinguish between two types of bank deposits :
bank deposits , because they are freely accepted in payment/settlement of debts , form part of a country 's money supply . most banks and monetary authorities [differentiate] between two types of bank deposits :

For these six , it was naturally difficult to distinguish scanning done for general planning purposes from that done for longer-term strategic planning .
for these six , it was naturally difficult to [differentiate] scanning done for general planning purposes from that done for longer-term strategic planning .

First , clearly , we need to distinguish between those librarians and information scientists who work within the enterprise from those who do not .
first , clearly , we need to [differentiate] between those librarians and information scientists who work within the enterprise from those who do not .

They started off as bynames — nicknames , sobriquets and such — to distinguish two persons in the same locality who might be called Alfred , Edgar , Edith or Ethelhild , or to mark some outstanding characteristic .
they started off as bynames — nicknames , sobriquets and such — to [differentiate] two persons in the same locality who might be called alfred , edgar , edith or ethelhild , or to mark some outstanding characteristic .

There is little agreement among philologists or social historians as to what brings a particular nickname into being , although in the days when people had just one name , of a given or baptismal kind , it was probably a necessity that an additional term be pressed into service to distinguish between folk of like name .
there is little agreement among philologists or social historians as to what brings a particular nickname into being , although in the days when people had just one name , of a given or baptismal kind , it was probably a necessity that an additional term be pressed into service to [differentiate] between folk of like name .

When you are teaching children to distinguish between right and wrong and between obedient and disobedient behaviour , you need to be predictable in your reactions .
when you are teaching children to [differentiate] between right and wrong and between obedient and disobedient behaviour , you need to be predictable in your reactions .

Frequently , urban employment rates fail to distinguish between those living and working in the cities and those commuting in .
frequently , urban employment rates fail to [differentiate] between those living and working in the cities and those commuting in .

It is necessary , for example , to distinguish between manufacturing employment and service employment , both in the private and public sectors .
it is necessary , for example , to [differentiate] between manufacturing employment and service employment , both in the private and public sectors .

Secondly , because proportions are bounded numbers , we may wish to distinguish differences between proportions in the middle of the range from those between extreme proportions .
secondly , because proportions are bounded numbers , we may wish to [differentiate] differences between proportions in the middle of the range from those between extreme proportions .

Other sources distinguish between these two groups of factors , referring to natural processes as desertisation and to anthropogenically related ones as desertification .
other sources [differentiate] between these two groups of factors , referring to natural processes as desertisation and to anthropogenically related ones as desertification .

Thus , Palmer and Frank ( 1988 ) distinguish between the interpretation of a man-made image ( whose meaning is to be reconstructed ) , and a ‘ natural ’ image ( whose meaning has to be extracted and standardized with belief systems ) .
thus , palmer and frank ( 1988 ) [differentiate] between the interpretation of a man-made image ( whose meaning is to be reconstructed ) , and a ‘ natural ’ image ( whose meaning has to be extracted and standardized with belief systems ) .

If uniforms distinguish the different grades of nursing and domestic staff , then this is useful information for the nurse to communicate to the patient .
if uniforms [differentiate] the different grades of nursing and domestic staff , then this is useful information for the nurse to communicate to the patient .

At this point there is a need to distinguish between two uses of the word disease ( or illness ) .
at this point there is a need to [differentiate] between two uses of the word disease ( or illness ) .

In a recent survey of parents whose children were enrolled in several hundred randomly chosen child-care centers across four states , over 90 percent believed that their preschoolers ’ experiences were far better than experts in early childhood development judged those experiences to be.6 Parents seemed unable to distinguish “ good ” from “ substandard ” care .
in a recent survey of parents whose children were enrolled in several hundred randomly chosen child-care centers across four states , over 90 percent believed that their preschoolers ’ experiences were far better than experts in early childhood development judged those experiences to be.6 parents seemed unable to [differentiate] “ good ” from “ substandard ” care .

For example , all babies gradually distinguish objects and people in their surroundings and realize that these entities continue to exist when out of sight .
for example , all babies gradually [differentiate] objects and people in their surroundings and realize that these entities continue to exist when out of sight .

Although children can distinguish a TV program from a commercial as early as age 3 , below age 8 they seldom grasp the selling purpose of the ads.115 Rather , they think that commercials are well-intentioned eorts to be helpful to viewers .
although children can [differentiate] a tv program from a commercial as early as age 3 , below age 8 they seldom grasp the selling purpose of the ads.115 rather , they think that commercials are well-intentioned eorts to be helpful to viewers .

Vygotsky concluded that make-believe play has two crucial features that distinguish it from other childhood activities .
vygotsky concluded that make-believe play has two crucial features that [differentiate] it from other childhood activities .

Just how does imaginative play help children distinguish ideas from the enticing stimuli around them and use thought to guide behavior ?
just how does imaginative play help children [differentiate] ideas from the enticing stimuli around them and use thought to guide behavior ?

At ﬁrst , children ﬁnd it difficult to distinguish words and other mental symbols from the objects and actions to which they refer .
at ﬁrst , children ﬁnd it difficult to [differentiate] words and other mental symbols from the objects and actions to which they refer .

They do not judge these imaginary symbols to be real , so clearly they can tell the difference between pretend and real experiences long before they can answer many appearance–reality problems correctly.36 The more 3- to 5-year-olds spontaneously engage in joint make-believe with classmates at preschool , the better they can distinguish the apparent and real identities of disguised objects.37 Pretending with peers may help children master appearance– reality distinctions because it offers repeated practice in transforming a wide variety of objects from their real state to a pretend state and back again .
they do not judge these imaginary symbols to be real , so clearly they can tell the difference between pretend and real experiences long before they can answer many appearance–reality problems correctly.36 the more 3- to 5-year-olds spontaneously engage in joint make-believe with classmates at preschool , the better they can [differentiate] the apparent and real identities of disguised objects.37 pretending with peers may help children master appearance– reality distinctions because it offers repeated practice in transforming a wide variety of objects from their real state to a pretend state and back again .

Although art historians use terms like Gothic Revival and Greek Revival to distinguish later reincarnations of styles , architects look at history differently .
although art historians use terms like gothic revival and greek revival to [differentiate] later reincarnations of styles , architects look at history differently .

It is a custom throughout Latin America , Mexico , the Caribbean , and in many areas of the United States to distinguish this birthday with a special observance .
it is a custom throughout latin america , mexico , the caribbean , and in many areas of the united states to [differentiate] this birthday with a special observance .

Recall that we utilized arrows on the lines to distinguish substrates from products , but that the direction of flow of the reaction depended upon the displacement of the substrates and products of that reaction from the equilibrium concentrations for that reaction .
recall that we utilized arrows on the lines to [differentiate] substrates from products , but that the direction of flow of the reaction depended upon the displacement of the substrates and products of that reaction from the equilibrium concentrations for that reaction .

They distinguish between normal uncertainty and “ Knightian uncertainty. ” Normal uncertainty is the kind we are familiar with in probability theory concerning flipping coins .
they [differentiate] between normal uncertainty and “ knightian uncertainty. ” normal uncertainty is the kind we are familiar with in probability theory concerning flipping coins .

If one compares hemoglobins from humans , chimps , horses , whales , and so on , in general , the longer ago we diverged from one another in the evolutionary record , the more amino acid mutations distinguish the hemoglobins of the two species involved .
if one compares hemoglobins from humans , chimps , horses , whales , and so on , in general , the longer ago we diverged from one another in the evolutionary record , the more amino acid mutations [differentiate] the hemoglobins of the two species involved .

Several critical features distinguish the ordered from the chaotic regime .
several critical features [differentiate] the ordered from the chaotic regime .

In short , the spreading purple avalanches constitute “ sensitivity to initial conditions. ” On the other hand , it is important to distinguish between low-dimensional chaos , characterized by three or four variables governed by three or four equations , and the high-dimensional chaos , shown in large-model genetic networks with tens of thousands of gene variables .
in short , the spreading purple avalanches constitute “ sensitivity to initial conditions. ” on the other hand , it is important to [differentiate] between low-dimensional chaos , characterized by three or four variables governed by three or four equations , and the high-dimensional chaos , shown in large-model genetic networks with tens of thousands of gene variables .

Welsh could , in principle , distinguish increases , decreases , or no change in the abundances of gene transcripts for his nearly , genes .
welsh could , in principle , [differentiate] increases , decreases , or no change in the abundances of gene transcripts for his nearly , genes .

Philosophers distinguish between “ know-how ” and “ know that. ” I know how to tie my shoes and am learning how to play jazz drums .
philosophers [differentiate] between “ know-how ” and “ know that. ” i know how to tie my shoes and am learning how to play jazz drums .

We will meet a similar problem in the next chapter when we attempt to distinguish between the function of a part of an organism and the other causal consequences of that part of the organism .
we will meet a similar problem in the next chapter when we attempt to [differentiate] between the function of a part of an organism and the other causal consequences of that part of the organism .

European sailors , for whom the temple was an importa nt landmark , enabling them to keep out of the dangerous shallows of the Orissa coast ( they nearly had it turned into a lighthouse ) , called it the Black Pagoda — in order to be able to distinguish it from the “ White Pagoda ” of Puri ’ s whitewashed Jaggannath Temple further down the coast .
european sailors , for whom the temple was an importa nt landmark , enabling them to keep out of the dangerous shallows of the orissa coast ( they nearly had it turned into a lighthouse ) , called it the black pagoda — in order to be able to [differentiate] it from the “ white pagoda ” of puri ’ s whitewashed jaggannath temple further down the coast .

Though there ’ s little to distinguish many of these resorts , Binibeca Vell ( also spelled Binibèquer Vell ) is something different .
though there ’ s little to [differentiate] many of these resorts , binibeca vell ( also spelled binibèquer vell ) is something different .

On 19 November 1493 , Columbus was lucky enough to be met by the kindly Taínos ( in fact , the name Taíno meant “ friend ” and was used by the Indians to enable the Europeans to distinguish between them and the not-so-friendly Caribs ) .
on 19 november 1493 , columbus was lucky enough to be met by the kindly taínos ( in fact , the name taíno meant “ friend ” and was used by the indians to enable the europeans to [differentiate] between them and the not-so-friendly caribs ) .

The Bagmati River runs between the two cities , but there is little to distinguish one side of the river from the other .
the bagmati river runs between the two cities , but there is little to [differentiate] one side of the river from the other .

Among local meat specialities is gazpachos ( with a final s to distinguish it from the chilled soup ) .
among local meat specialities is gazpachos ( with a final s to [differentiate] it from the chilled soup ) .

Window-shop your way past the goldsmiths and furriers of the rue de la Paix to the ornate opera house ( now named after its architect Charles Garnier to distinguish it from the new Opéra-Bastille ; see page 52 ) .
window-shop your way past the goldsmiths and furriers of the rue de la paix to the ornate opera house ( now named after its architect charles garnier to [differentiate] it from the new opéra-bastille ; see page 52 ) .

Only an expert can distinguish between a genuine tusk and substitute material .
only an expert can [differentiate] between a genuine tusk and substitute material .

The need to distinguish between ANY legal information , which LawGuys can provide , and GOOD guidance , which knowledgeable lawyers can provide , remains paramount .
the need to [differentiate] between any legal information , which lawguys can provide , and good guidance , which knowledgeable lawyers can provide , remains paramount .

Still , solo practitioners , like Tallahassee , Fla. 's Karen Gievers , continue to distinguish themselves .
still , solo practitioners , like tallahassee , fla. 's karen gievers , continue to [differentiate] themselves .

GAO believes that Congress should be careful to distinguish between those flexibilities that will solely enhance the operations of DHS and those that might simultaneously raise other concerns , including concerns about the constitutional responsibilities and prerogatives of the legislative branch .
gao believes that congress should be careful to [differentiate] between those flexibilities that will solely enhance the operations of dhs and those that might simultaneously raise other concerns , including concerns about the constitutional responsibilities and prerogatives of the legislative branch .

Effective performance management systems provide agencies with the objective and fact-based information they need to distinguish levels of performance among senior executives and serve as a basis for bonus recommendations .
effective performance management systems provide agencies with the objective and fact-based information they need to [differentiate] levels of performance among senior executives and serve as a basis for bonus recommendations .

Practice 10 : Distinguish Between Policies and Guidelines `` Detailed guidelines are an important supplement to the official policies because they educate users and serve as an awareness tool . ''
practice 10 : [differentiate] between policies and guidelines `` detailed guidelines are an important supplement to the official policies because they educate users and serve as an awareness tool . ''

The Board has chosen to call this RSSI to distinguish it from `` required supplementary information '' ( RSI ) , for which audit responsibilities are prescribed in existing professional literature .
the board has chosen to call this rssi to [differentiate] it from `` required supplementary information '' ( rsi ) , for which audit responsibilities are prescribed in existing professional literature .

Some authorities use terms like `` impact , '' `` effect , '' or `` results '' to distinguish the change in outcomes specifically caused by the Government activity from the total change in conditions that can be caused by many factors .
some authorities use terms like `` impact , '' `` effect , '' or `` results '' to [differentiate] the change in outcomes specifically caused by the government activity from the total change in conditions that can be caused by many factors .

Practice 10 : Distinguish Between Policies and Guidelines `` Detailed guidelines are an important supplement to the official policies because they educate users and serve as an awareness tool . ''
practice 10 : [differentiate] between policies and guidelines `` detailed guidelines are an important supplement to the official policies because they educate users and serve as an awareness tool . ''

The government and the taxpayers will increasingly need to distinguish between wants , needs , and affordability of programs and services in the coming years .
the government and the taxpayers will increasingly need to [differentiate] between wants , needs , and affordability of programs and services in the coming years .

Again , there is also the obligation for Americans to distinguish between needs , wants and affordability .
again , there is also the obligation for americans to [differentiate] between needs , wants and affordability .

Care must be taken to distinguish between regular overtime and irregular overtime or occasional overtime ( or compensatory time in lieu of overtime , where allowed ) in order for the agency to properly document and calculate an employee 's overtime pay entitlements under 5 U.S.C .
care must be taken to [differentiate] between regular overtime and irregular overtime or occasional overtime ( or compensatory time in lieu of overtime , where allowed ) in order for the agency to properly document and calculate an employee 's overtime pay entitlements under 5 u.s.c .

Because an agency may choose to prioritize problems in order of their impact , the reports should distinguish between priority levels of problems .
because an agency may choose to prioritize problems in order of their impact , the reports should [differentiate] between priority levels of problems .

We turn now to other elements that distinguish a case study from a not-case study and a good case study from a not-good case study .
we turn now to other elements that [differentiate] a case study from a not-case study and a good case study from a not-good case study .

In evaluating personal saving , it is important to distinguish between saving as a way for an individual household to finance future consumption and saving as a way to finance the nation 's capital formation .
in evaluating personal saving , it is important to [differentiate] between saving as a way for an individual household to finance future consumption and saving as a way to finance the nation 's capital formation .

In balancing health care spending with other societal priorities , it is important to distinguish between health care wants , which are virtually unlimited ; needs , which should be defined and addressed ; and overall affordability , which has a limit .
in balancing health care spending with other societal priorities , it is important to [differentiate] between health care wants , which are virtually unlimited ; needs , which should be defined and addressed ; and overall affordability , which has a limit .

It is necessary to distinguish `` saving '' from `` savings . ''
it is necessary to [differentiate] `` saving '' from `` savings . ''

To better distinguish between these concepts in this report , the term `` saving '' means the money set aside from current income for future consumption-i.e. , how much of each period 's income is saved rather than spent .
to better [differentiate] between these concepts in this report , the term `` saving '' means the money set aside from current income for future consumption-i.e. , how much of each period 's income is saved rather than spent .

In evaluating the level of personal saving , it is important to distinguish between saving as a source to finance the nation 's capital formation and saving as a way for individual households to finance future consumption .
in evaluating the level of personal saving , it is important to [differentiate] between saving as a source to finance the nation 's capital formation and saving as a way for individual households to finance future consumption .

For business saving , it is important to distinguish between net and gross saving .
for business saving , it is important to [differentiate] between net and gross saving .

This serves to distinguish §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) from any of the Title X program restrictions upheld in Rust , and to place it beyond any congressional funding condition approved in the past by this Court .
this serves to [differentiate] §504 ( a ) ( 16 ) from any of the title x program restrictions upheld in rust , and to place it beyond any congressional funding condition approved in the past by this court .

Unrestricted Categories In giving content to the presence requirement , it is important to distinguish between the unrestricted categories of aliens and H-2A workers .
unrestricted categories in giving content to the presence requirement , it is important to [differentiate] between the unrestricted categories of aliens and h-2a workers .

We use the term `` burden of the USO '' to distinguish our concept from other papers that use the term `` cost of the USO . ''
we use the term `` burden of the uso '' to [differentiate] our concept from other papers that use the term `` cost of the uso . ''

It is important to distinguish postal consumers ( i.e. , paying customers ) from recipients of mail .
it is important to [differentiate] postal consumers ( i.e. , paying customers ) from recipients of mail .

The Uniqueness of the Delivery Function We distinguish what is known in the U.S. as the `` in-office '' delivery function and the street delivery function .
the uniqueness of the delivery function we [differentiate] what is known in the u.s. as the `` in-office '' delivery function and the street delivery function .

Several factors facilitated the response to this incident , and distinguish it from the far more difficult task in New York .
several factors facilitated the response to this incident , and [differentiate] it from the far more difficult task in new york .

Finally , on the watchlist , officials told us that large lists were difficult to implement , particularly when they were n't accompanied by numeric data such as date of birth that would enable an air carrier to distinguish the terrorist from others around the world who had his or her name .
finally , on the watchlist , officials told us that large lists were difficult to implement , particularly when they were n't accompanied by numeric data such as date of birth that would enable an air carrier to [differentiate] the terrorist from others around the world who had his or her name .

Many deadly and dangerous items did not set off metal detectors , or were hard to distinguish in an X-ray machine from innocent everyday items .
many deadly and dangerous items did not set off metal detectors , or were hard to [differentiate] in an x-ray machine from innocent everyday items .

It also incorporated the President 's determination not to distinguish between terrorists and those who harbor them .
it also incorporated the president 's determination not to [differentiate] between terrorists and those who harbor them .

Ultimately , although the intelligence community devoted more resources to the issue and produced somewhat more intelligence , it remained difficult to distinguish al Qaeda 's financial transactions among the vast sums moving in the international financial system .
ultimately , although the intelligence community devoted more resources to the issue and produced somewhat more intelligence , it remained difficult to [differentiate] al qaeda 's financial transactions among the vast sums moving in the international financial system .

That stream is motivated by religion and does not distinguish politics from religion , thus distorting both .
that stream is motivated by religion and does not [differentiate] politics from religion , thus distorting both .

That mission does not distinguish between internal and external threats ; but because NORAD was created to counter the Soviet threat , it came to define its job as defending against external attacks .
that mission does not [differentiate] between internal and external threats ; but because norad was created to counter the soviet threat , it came to define its job as defending against external attacks .

Adaptive immunity is characterized by greater specificity than innate immunity , as the adaptive immune response can not only distinguish foreign cells from self , but can also distinguish one foreign antigen from another .
adaptive immunity is characterized by greater specificity than innate immunity , as the adaptive immune response can not only [differentiate] foreign cells from self , but can also [differentiate] one foreign antigen from another .

Digital images of the labeled cells , obtained by digital fluorescence microscopy , are then analyzed by newly developed software that can distinguish the CD4 , CD8 , and CD3 labels , thus allowing determination of absolute CD4 + counts , CD4 + percentages , and CD4 + : CD8 + lymphocyte ratios .
digital images of the labeled cells , obtained by digital fluorescence microscopy , are then analyzed by newly developed software that can [differentiate] the cd4 , cd8 , and cd3 labels , thus allowing determination of absolute cd4 + counts , cd4 + percentages , and cd4 + : cd8 + lymphocyte ratios .

Some of these distinguish , for example , Africans and Europeans and provide objective information about the ancestry of different human populations .
some of these [differentiate] , for example , africans and europeans and provide objective information about the ancestry of different human populations .

For example , humans and mice differ in their sensory reliance on sight and smell respectively ; colour vision in humans has been significantly enhanced by the duplication of an Opsin gene that allows us to distinguish light at three different wavelengths , while mice can distinguish only two .
for example , humans and mice differ in their sensory reliance on sight and smell respectively ; colour vision in humans has been significantly enhanced by the duplication of an opsin gene that allows us to [differentiate] light at three different wavelengths , while mice can [differentiate] only two .

For example , in mice genetically engineered to distinguish the inactive ( cytoplasmic ) from active ( nuclear ) forms of NFAT by means of a sensor , it is evident that NFAT is inactive in resting muscles , but activated by tonic patterns of muscle contraction ( running or electrical stimulation of the motor nerve ) [ 40 ] .
for example , in mice genetically engineered to [differentiate] the inactive ( cytoplasmic ) from active ( nuclear ) forms of nfat by means of a sensor , it is evident that nfat is inactive in resting muscles , but activated by tonic patterns of muscle contraction ( running or electrical stimulation of the motor nerve ) [ 40 ] .

In surveying the growing number of studies and claims of new cells that can acquire some type of heart cell phenotype in vitro or in vivo ( for a review see [ 6 ] ) , it will become increasingly important to create a set of rigorous criteria that would distinguish between the following : authentic progenitor cells that are already committed to the cardiac lineage ; pluripotent stem cells that can infrequently adopt the cardiac phenotype ; phenotypic drift of other muscle progenitors with an increased propensity to enter cardiac lineages ; and a variety of other cell types that can aberrantly express cardiac markers ectopically or by fusion with neighboring cardiac muscle cells .
in surveying the growing number of studies and claims of new cells that can acquire some type of heart cell phenotype in vitro or in vivo ( for a review see [ 6 ] ) , it will become increasingly important to create a set of rigorous criteria that would [differentiate] between the following : authentic progenitor cells that are already committed to the cardiac lineage ; pluripotent stem cells that can infrequently adopt the cardiac phenotype ; phenotypic drift of other muscle progenitors with an increased propensity to enter cardiac lineages ; and a variety of other cell types that can aberrantly express cardiac markers ectopically or by fusion with neighboring cardiac muscle cells .

Clinical , genetic , and immunological parameters did not distinguish these three individuals from the other 11 patients , nor did they predict the duration of control following treatment interruption .
clinical , genetic , and immunological parameters did not [differentiate] these three individuals from the other 11 patients , nor did they predict the duration of control following treatment interruption .

Flow cytometers use lasers to excite fluorescent antibody probes specific for CD4 and other cell surface markers , to distinguish one type of lymphocyte from another .
flow cytometers use lasers to excite fluorescent antibody probes specific for cd4 and other cell surface markers , to [differentiate] one type of lymphocyte from another .

Automated digital merging of the two images and image processing allowed the system to distinguish the CD3 + CD4 + T lymphocytes of interest ( i.e. , â€œCD4 cellsâ€ ) , which appear yellow , from the CD4 + CD3 âˆ ’ monocytes ( green ) and the CD3 + CD4 âˆ ’ T lymphocytes ( red ) ( Figure 4C ) .
automated digital merging of the two images and image processing allowed the system to [differentiate] the cd3 + cd4 + t lymphocytes of interest ( i.e. , â€œcd4 cellsâ€ ) , which appear yellow , from the cd4 + cd3 âˆ ’ monocytes ( green ) and the cd3 + cd4 âˆ ’ t lymphocytes ( red ) ( figure 4c ) .

The resolution of the best fMRI machines—the smallest “ volume picture element , ” or voxel , they can distinguish and make an image of—is currently about 1.5 mm ×1.5 mm × 4 mm , the size of a grain of rice .
the resolution of the best fmri machines—the smallest “ volume picture element , ” or voxel , they can [differentiate] and make an image of—is currently about 1.5 mm ×1.5 mm × 4 mm , the size of a grain of rice .

They did not find overall differences between responders and nonresponders , but they did , using supervised classification methods , identify triplets of genes that distinguish IFNβ responders and nonresponders .
they did not find overall differences between responders and nonresponders , but they did , using supervised classification methods , identify triplets of genes that [differentiate] ifnβ responders and nonresponders .

It is important to distinguish between this persistent developmental stuttering ( PDS ) , which we focus on here , and acquired stuttering .
it is important to [differentiate] between this persistent developmental stuttering ( pds ) , which we focus on here , and acquired stuttering .

There are , of course , cases where mixtures have unique properties , e.g. , in the case of the intensities of harmonic overtones ( integer multiples of the fundamental frequency ) that distinguish a C tone produced by a guitar from that of a flute—but we can still identify the fundamental , whose perceived pitch is not altered by the overtones .
there are , of course , cases where mixtures have unique properties , e.g. , in the case of the intensities of harmonic overtones ( integer multiples of the fundamental frequency ) that [differentiate] a c tone produced by a guitar from that of a flute—but we can still identify the fundamental , whose perceived pitch is not altered by the overtones .

If we mix yellow with red light , we will see orange—not only will we not be able to tell that the orange light has been produced by mixing two lights , but we will also be unable to distinguish the mixture from monochromatic orange light [ 16 ] .
if we mix yellow with red light , we will see orange—not only will we not be able to tell that the orange light has been produced by mixing two lights , but we will also be unable to [differentiate] the mixture from monochromatic orange light [ 16 ] .

The biological problems that are really difficult to unscramble are those where there is almost infinity of plausible answers and one has to painstakingly attempt to distinguish between them. ” ( Crick 1990 , p. 157–158 ) .
the biological problems that are really difficult to unscramble are those where there is almost infinity of plausible answers and one has to painstakingly attempt to [differentiate] between them. ” ( crick 1990 , p. 157–158 ) .

When submitting their work to PLoS , how do researchers and clinicians distinguish between PLoS Medicine and the PLoS community journals ?
when submitting their work to plos , how do researchers and clinicians [differentiate] between plos medicine and the plos community journals ?

Alumni contributions help provide the services and programs that distinguish a great law school from just a good one .
alumni contributions help provide the services and programs that [differentiate] a great law school from just a good one .

Dr Martin Rees , of Cambridge and the Astronomer Royal , says contemplating alternate universes could help scientists distinguish which features of our own universe are fundamental and necessary and which are accidents of cosmic history .
dr martin rees , of cambridge and the astronomer royal , says contemplating alternate universes could help scientists [differentiate] which features of our own universe are fundamental and necessary and which are accidents of cosmic history .

Karen dials her message machine to leave this memorandum : `` B quotes Marx for whom men 'begin to distinguish themselves from animals as soon as they begin to produce their means of subsistence… ' Remember that . ''
karen dials her message machine to leave this memorandum : `` b quotes marx for whom men 'begin to [differentiate] themselves from animals as soon as they begin to produce their means of subsistence… ' remember that . ''

She asks Merle , her Maltese , `` Why must man 's vocation always be to distinguish himself from animals ?
she asks merle , her maltese , `` why must man 's vocation always be to [differentiate] himself from animals ?

All do not merely `` produce , '' as in productive labor ; All are fully modern but have not had to distinguish the infrastructural `` labor '' of acquiring and cooking food from the superstructural `` leisure '' of talking after eating or `` ritual '' of singing .
all do not merely `` produce , '' as in productive labor ; all are fully modern but have not had to [differentiate] the infrastructural `` labor '' of acquiring and cooking food from the superstructural `` leisure '' of talking after eating or `` ritual '' of singing .

When law enforcement fails to distinguish between violent criminal activity and legitimate dissent ñ and when it favors collecting as much information on as many people as possible rather than useful intelligence resulting from bona fide criminal investigations ñ it 's `` choosing quantity over quality , '' Crew said .
when law enforcement fails to [differentiate] between violent criminal activity and legitimate dissent ñ and when it favors collecting as much information on as many people as possible rather than useful intelligence resulting from bona fide criminal investigations ñ it 's `` choosing quantity over quality , '' crew said .

It can not be said too often that the principal job of a modern mainstream movie critic is to distinguish smart formula crap from dumb formula crap .
it can not be said too often that the principal job of a modern mainstream movie critic is to [differentiate] smart formula crap from dumb formula crap .

If investors did n't care about profits , they would n't distinguish as carefully as they ultimately do between one unprofitable company and another .
if investors did n't care about profits , they would n't [differentiate] as carefully as they ultimately do between one unprofitable company and another .

Is this simply the nature of status -- the rich will always find a way to distinguish themselves from the poor ?
is this simply the nature of status -- the rich will always find a way to [differentiate] themselves from the poor ?

Democrats have gleefully used the party-line House vote to distinguish Clinton 's situation from that of President Nixon in 1974 .
democrats have gleefully used the party-line house vote to [differentiate] clinton 's situation from that of president nixon in 1974 .

Events have unfolded so rapidly since this question was posted last Thursday that it 's difficult to distinguish the smelly from the lethargic , the lethargic from the incoherent , the incoherent from Henry Hyde 's Holocaust history .
events have unfolded so rapidly since this question was posted last thursday that it 's difficult to [differentiate] the smelly from the lethargic , the lethargic from the incoherent , the incoherent from henry hyde 's holocaust history .

It acknowledged , however , that three `` stars '' of the affair had emerged with credit : Monica Lewinsky `` who showed some class in her testimony ... and who refused to surrender to the bullying of Mr. Starr 's witchfinder-general '' ; the U.S. Constitution , which `` showed it is robust enough to survive even the madness of 1990s puritanism '' ; and the American people , who held their nerve throughout and `` were able to distinguish between the President and the man , accepting one even as they acknowledged the flaws in the other . ''
it acknowledged , however , that three `` stars '' of the affair had emerged with credit : monica lewinsky `` who showed some class in her testimony ... and who refused to surrender to the bullying of mr. starr 's witchfinder-general '' ; the u.s. constitution , which `` showed it is robust enough to survive even the madness of 1990s puritanism '' ; and the american people , who held their nerve throughout and `` were able to [differentiate] between the president and the man , accepting one even as they acknowledged the flaws in the other . ''

Does Ebert really trust the MPAA to distinguish between films that have artistic merit and those that do n't ?
does ebert really trust the mpaa to [differentiate] between films that have artistic merit and those that do n't ?

Thus , History goes A-B , A-B or A-B-C , A-B-C. All the As have similar features that distinguish them from the Bs or Cs .
thus , history goes a-b , a-b or a-b-c , a-b-c. all the as have similar features that [differentiate] them from the bs or cs .

On the one hand , inflated grades fail to distinguish between the merely above-average and the truly superior .
on the one hand , inflated grades fail to [differentiate] between the merely above-average and the truly superior .

The inability to distinguish Mary from Jane makes it harder to assign them to appropriate tasks .
the inability to [differentiate] mary from jane makes it harder to assign them to appropriate tasks .

A college that can distinguish itself from the pack by maintaining high standards should be able to reap substantial rewards in the marketplace , because its degrees are worth more .
a college that can [differentiate] itself from the pack by maintaining high standards should be able to reap substantial rewards in the marketplace , because its degrees are worth more .

Racist paranoia does n't distinguish between rebel fighters and salespeople in the marketplaces . ''
racist paranoia does n't [differentiate] between rebel fighters and salespeople in the marketplaces . ''

The zooming stock price is evidence that Wall Street can distinguish Martha from her product .
the zooming stock price is evidence that wall street can [differentiate] martha from her product .

Is there anyone who ca n't explain the Richter scale or distinguish between a Category 4 hurricane and a Category 5 ?
is there anyone who ca n't explain the richter scale or [differentiate] between a category 4 hurricane and a category 5 ?

Smaller companies , therefore , must distinguish themselves by the content they gather and how they present it if they are to compete .
smaller companies , therefore , must [differentiate] themselves by the content they gather and how they present it if they are to compete .

Reagan himself was accused throughout his career of failing to distinguish between fact and fiction .
reagan himself was accused throughout his career of failing to [differentiate] between fact and fiction .

Instead , he is a life peer with a barony of Jenkins ( Jenkins of Hillhead , to distinguish him from some other Lord Jenkins ) .
instead , he is a life peer with a barony of jenkins ( jenkins of hillhead , to [differentiate] him from some other lord jenkins ) .

Profiles , after all , do n't usually target wealthy software executives , whereas random checks ca n't distinguish a Simonyi from a Simon .
profiles , after all , do n't usually target wealthy software executives , whereas random checks ca n't [differentiate] a simonyi from a simon .

Then that rush , rush to get away for the holiday weekend , bustling off to catch the high-speed maglev train that would whisk me swiftly and economically to the countryside , where , refreshed by the more historically nuanced brooding of my jolly Chekhovian family , I 'd wander the woods and fields , dodging bullets from hunters too groggy on turkey tryptophans to distinguish between a deer and a Jew .
then that rush , rush to get away for the holiday weekend , bustling off to catch the high-speed maglev train that would whisk me swiftly and economically to the countryside , where , refreshed by the more historically nuanced brooding of my jolly chekhovian family , i 'd wander the woods and fields , dodging bullets from hunters too groggy on turkey tryptophans to [differentiate] between a deer and a jew .

Unable to distinguish his ego from his credo , he accused Clinton of obstructing justice by asserting executive privilege against Starr 's investigation .
unable to [differentiate] his ego from his credo , he accused clinton of obstructing justice by asserting executive privilege against starr 's investigation .

I believe it 's very helpful to have terms to distinguish the tools that you find useful from the ones you feel are counterproductive or downright pernicious .
i believe it 's very helpful to have terms to [differentiate] the tools that you find useful from the ones you feel are counterproductive or downright pernicious .

Critics also charge that the site sometimes fails to distinguish between its advertising and the products and services that it describes .
critics also charge that the site sometimes fails to [differentiate] between its advertising and the products and services that it describes .

The computer 's getting better : Many experts can no longer distinguish it from a live musician .
the computer 's getting better : many experts can no longer [differentiate] it from a live musician .

A sophisticated nose might thus distinguish a fruity wine as smelling like citrus , berry , tree fruit , tropical fruit , or dried fruit .
a sophisticated nose might thus [differentiate] a fruity wine as smelling like citrus , berry , tree fruit , tropical fruit , or dried fruit .

TEXT CCC : Objectivity , we hope , will distinguish this feature from Newsweek 's `` Conventional Wisdom Watch , '' which is often an effort to set the spin rather than describe it .
text ccc : objectivity , we hope , will [differentiate] this feature from newsweek 's `` conventional wisdom watch , '' which is often an effort to set the spin rather than describe it .

The problem with the idea of hate crime , aside from the fact that violent crime is inherently hateful , as you say , is that it does n't distinguish between deliberate terrorism and acts that may be motivated in whole or in part by bigotry but do n't have a purposeful agenda behind them .
the problem with the idea of hate crime , aside from the fact that violent crime is inherently hateful , as you say , is that it does n't [differentiate] between deliberate terrorism and acts that may be motivated in whole or in part by bigotry but do n't have a purposeful agenda behind them .

It is the ability of the American public to distinguish between feelings and deeds that will save Clinton , it said .
it is the ability of the american public to [differentiate] between feelings and deeds that will save clinton , it said .

The headline writers at the WP distinguish themselves with their effort over a story about a woman suing a man she says promised marriage to her only as a way to cultivate her brother as an organ donor for him : `` Woman Alleges Fiance Stole Her Heart , Brother 's Kidney . ''
the headline writers at the wp [differentiate] themselves with their effort over a story about a woman suing a man she says promised marriage to her only as a way to cultivate her brother as an organ donor for him : `` woman alleges fiance stole her heart , brother 's kidney . ''

Tannen does n't trust in the power of good argumentation to keep society honest , much less correct itself , because she rather shockingly insists `` '' that people can distinguish lies from the truth .
tannen does n't trust in the power of good argumentation to keep society honest , much less correct itself , because she rather shockingly insists `` '' that people can [differentiate] lies from the truth .

If you missed the links within the review , click to read : 1 ) an illustration of ; 2 ) Tannen 's that American journalism is just like propaganda from totalitarian regimes , plus William Saletan 's disclosure that `` several of these propagandists now infest Slate `` ; 3 ) the for her contention that there is no evidence that people can distinguish lies from truth ; 4 ) and an example of how Tannen from a one-guest format on TV and radio talk shows .
if you missed the links within the review , click to read : 1 ) an illustration of ; 2 ) tannen 's that american journalism is just like propaganda from totalitarian regimes , plus william saletan 's disclosure that `` several of these propagandists now infest slate `` ; 3 ) the for her contention that there is no evidence that people can [differentiate] lies from truth ; 4 ) and an example of how tannen from a one-guest format on tv and radio talk shows .

Rather than distinguish these varieties of consumer experience , Frank stuffs everything into the boxes of `` square '' and `` hip '' -- receptacles that were already full back when the '60s dawned .
rather than [differentiate] these varieties of consumer experience , frank stuffs everything into the boxes of `` square '' and `` hip '' -- receptacles that were already full back when the '60s dawned .

Leaves wither and fall as the plant continues to dance -- the combination of potent chemicals and strip clubs is n't likely to endear itself to the PC police ; and there are those who would be hard pressed to distinguish between Finish and Agent Orange .
leaves wither and fall as the plant continues to dance -- the combination of potent chemicals and strip clubs is n't likely to endear itself to the pc police ; and there are those who would be hard pressed to [differentiate] between finish and agent orange .

USAT 's off-lead reports that at yesterday 's presidential press conference , the first questioner asked Bill Clinton to distinguish between his case and Richard Nixon 's use of executive privilege .
usat 's off-lead reports that at yesterday 's presidential press conference , the first questioner asked bill clinton to [differentiate] between his case and richard nixon 's use of executive privilege .

Where Brill goes wrong is in failing to distinguish between the most innocuous and naturally occurring conflicts from those lipstick-smeared ones that could have and should have been avoided .
where brill goes wrong is in failing to [differentiate] between the most innocuous and naturally occurring conflicts from those lipstick-smeared ones that could have and should have been avoided .

In an attempt to distinguish those public purposes that are tolerable from those that are n't , Murray posits that , to be valid , public goods either have to be `` nonexclusive '' -- interventions from which everyone benefits -- or else must arise to counter `` externalities , '' costs passed on to others that , in practical terms , can not be compensated , as in the case of the chemical incinerator that pollutes the air .
in an attempt to [differentiate] those public purposes that are tolerable from those that are n't , murray posits that , to be valid , public goods either have to be `` nonexclusive '' -- interventions from which everyone benefits -- or else must arise to counter `` externalities , '' costs passed on to others that , in practical terms , can not be compensated , as in the case of the chemical incinerator that pollutes the air .

Even `` allowing for the unawareness of newcomers and for regional difference , '' she observes , `` we can all distinguish good American manners from bad . ''
even `` allowing for the unawareness of newcomers and for regional difference , '' she observes , `` we can all [differentiate] good american manners from bad . ''

Some of their criticisms are repeated here by legal academics Laurence Tribe and Ronald Dworkin : Scalia 's originalism is too glib , because it does n't distinguish between what the Constitution says and what its framers expected it to do ; too malleable , because it merely substitutes the guesswork of historians for the musings of moral philosophers ; too value-laden , because it imputes an anti-evolutionary purpose to the Constitution .
some of their criticisms are repeated here by legal academics laurence tribe and ronald dworkin : scalia 's originalism is too glib , because it does n't [differentiate] between what the constitution says and what its framers expected it to do ; too malleable , because it merely substitutes the guesswork of historians for the musings of moral philosophers ; too value-laden , because it imputes an anti-evolutionary purpose to the constitution .

Despite the fact that virtually nothing is known about Darger 's inner life , MacGregor ( typically , for a critic of outsider art ) writes confidently about how compulsive Darger was ; how he could n't control his urge to produce all that crazy stuff ; how he could n't distinguish between fantasy and reality ; how he was a potential serial killer ; how he got sexually excited writing descriptions of burning forests .
despite the fact that virtually nothing is known about darger 's inner life , macgregor ( typically , for a critic of outsider art ) writes confidently about how compulsive darger was ; how he could n't control his urge to produce all that crazy stuff ; how he could n't [differentiate] between fantasy and reality ; how he was a potential serial killer ; how he got sexually excited writing descriptions of burning forests .

You say my `` first problem ... is that [ I ] can not distinguish between a change and a problem '' and then you go on to argue that real-space law will be `` carried over to the Net as needed . ''
you say my `` first problem ... is that [ i ] can not [differentiate] between a change and a problem '' and then you go on to argue that real-space law will be `` carried over to the net as needed . ''

Here 's what Culturebox has to say to all the evolutionary psychologists who feel that Culturebox has smeared them by association with a man she considers an anti-Semite : If he 's going to lay claim to your methodology and benefit from your systems of legitimation , it 's up to you to distinguish yourself from him .
here 's what culturebox has to say to all the evolutionary psychologists who feel that culturebox has smeared them by association with a man she considers an anti-semite : if he 's going to lay claim to your methodology and benefit from your systems of legitimation , it 's up to you to [differentiate] yourself from him .

The first problem that I see is that Larry can not distinguish between a change and a problem .
the first problem that i see is that larry can not [differentiate] between a change and a problem .

It 's because airlines have gotten increasingly adept at using computers to distinguish between different kinds of fliers , and charging different kinds of fliers different fares .
it 's because airlines have gotten increasingly adept at using computers to [differentiate] between different kinds of fliers , and charging different kinds of fliers different fares .

McDonald 's can sell a Big Mac to distinguish itself from Burger King , but the Mirage ca n't advertise `` Blackjack ! ''
mcdonald 's can sell a big mac to [differentiate] itself from burger king , but the mirage ca n't advertise `` blackjack ! ''

At the very least , insurers should be allowed to distinguish these kinds of claims from others .
at the very least , insurers should be allowed to [differentiate] these kinds of claims from others .

Unfortunately , to get to the useful information , you have to wade through reams of useless stuff , with little guidance on how to distinguish between the two .
unfortunately , to get to the useful information , you have to wade through reams of useless stuff , with little guidance on how to [differentiate] between the two .

Those technological breakthroughs that allow a company to distinguish itself from its competition and charge a premium for its product are more likely and fruitful in an economy characterized by price competition than in one dominated by oligopolies .
those technological breakthroughs that allow a company to [differentiate] itself from its competition and charge a premium for its product are more likely and fruitful in an economy characterized by price competition than in one dominated by oligopolies .

It 's hard to distinguish yourself from the crowd , though Apple 's name would have helped its case .
it 's hard to [differentiate] yourself from the crowd , though apple 's name would have helped its case .

The findings raise questions about how in the world you could accurately distinguish suffocation from SIDS -- especially in the Noe cases in which the original autopsies showed no marks of force , and the corpses are probably now nothing but bone .
the findings raise questions about how in the world you could accurately [differentiate] suffocation from sids -- especially in the noe cases in which the original autopsies showed no marks of force , and the corpses are probably now nothing but bone .

Forensic pathologists and child abuse experts I contacted confirmed that there is no distinctive autopsy finding or new test that could distinguish SIDS from homicide by suffocation .
forensic pathologists and child abuse experts i contacted confirmed that there is no distinctive autopsy finding or new test that could [differentiate] sids from homicide by suffocation .

Michael Hoffman , the director and `` screenwriter '' of the all-star movie called William Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream ( evidently to distinguish it from Stephen King 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream ) , has wedged the play into a weirdly inapposite setting , has stupidly cut and even more stupidly embellished it , and has miscast it almost to a player .
michael hoffman , the director and `` screenwriter '' of the all-star movie called william shakespeare 's a midsummer night 's dream ( evidently to [differentiate] it from stephen king 's a midsummer night 's dream ) , has wedged the play into a weirdly inapposite setting , has stupidly cut and even more stupidly embellished it , and has miscast it almost to a player .

You 're not going to get anywhere until you distinguish between alcoholic beverages and nonalcoholic ones .
you 're not going to get anywhere until you [differentiate] between alcoholic beverages and nonalcoholic ones .

Until we begin to distinguish among the different ways violence is portrayed , we ca n't begin to understand what those portrayals may do .
until we begin to [differentiate] among the different ways violence is portrayed , we ca n't begin to understand what those portrayals may do .

Perhaps for those too young to distinguish fantasy from reality , that 's the case .
perhaps for those too young to [differentiate] fantasy from reality , that 's the case .

What soon began to distinguish him from a lot of his like-minded contemporaries were a low-key wit and an ability to write memorable roles for women .
what soon began to [differentiate] him from a lot of his like-minded contemporaries were a low-key wit and an ability to write memorable roles for women .

Conclusion : Trying to distinguish harassment from everyday schoolyard taunts is a clumsy but worthwhile process .
conclusion : trying to [differentiate] harassment from everyday schoolyard taunts is a clumsy but worthwhile process .

Based on this assessment , NATO has kept ground forces out of Kosovo , allowing atrocities to continue , and has kept its planes high above Serbian anti-aircraft batteries , limiting our pilots ' ability to distinguish refugees from Serb forces on the ground .
based on this assessment , nato has kept ground forces out of kosovo , allowing atrocities to continue , and has kept its planes high above serbian anti-aircraft batteries , limiting our pilots ' ability to [differentiate] refugees from serb forces on the ground .

If student violence has now been a major concern for decades now , what seems to distinguish '90s violence is the suburban- or rural-school massacre .
if student violence has now been a major concern for decades now , what seems to [differentiate] '90s violence is the suburban- or rural-school massacre .

I guess my question is : How do I distinguish `` sanctioned '' gossip from regular old slander ?
i guess my question is : how do i [differentiate] `` sanctioned '' gossip from regular old slander ?

I have known wine tasters who say they can distinguish in a sip of Burgundy the intensity of autumn sunshine that warmed a particular slope of the Côte d'Or a decade ago .
i have known wine tasters who say they can [differentiate] in a sip of burgundy the intensity of autumn sunshine that warmed a particular slope of the côte d'or a decade ago .

Finally , it is said that Jews enshrined the adultery prohibition in the Ten Commandments -- of which it is the seventh -- to make their group more cohesive and to distinguish themselves from surrounding polygamous tribes .
finally , it is said that jews enshrined the adultery prohibition in the ten commandments -- of which it is the seventh -- to make their group more cohesive and to [differentiate] themselves from surrounding polygamous tribes .

It is often difficult to distinguish issue ads from campaign ads .
it is often difficult to [differentiate] issue ads from campaign ads .

Under Daniel Burke 's leadership , ABC tried to distinguish itself as the anti-drug leader among the major networks , running a plethora of partnership-produced public-service announcements , including the famous fried-egg commercial , `` This is your brain on drugs . ''
under daniel burke 's leadership , abc tried to [differentiate] itself as the anti-drug leader among the major networks , running a plethora of partnership-produced public-service announcements , including the famous fried-egg commercial , `` this is your brain on drugs . ''

Until very recently , the partnership was heavily supported by the cigarette and liquor industries , which want to distinguish their products from illegal drugs .
until very recently , the partnership was heavily supported by the cigarette and liquor industries , which want to [differentiate] their products from illegal drugs .

The problem is that computers that designate years by two digits must be reprogrammed to distinguish 2000 from 1900 .
the problem is that computers that designate years by two digits must be reprogrammed to [differentiate] 2000 from 1900 .

Both were charged with possession under a zero-tolerance drug policy that does not distinguish between legal and illegal , prescription and nonprescription drugs .
both were charged with possession under a zero-tolerance drug policy that does not [differentiate] between legal and illegal , prescription and nonprescription drugs .

People did not distinguish between pension granted as a provision for old officers and pension granted for the purpose of bribery for favor and support .
people did not [differentiate] between pension granted as a provision for old officers and pension granted for the purpose of bribery for favor and support .

In English , as in German , Dutch , the Scandinavian languages , etc. , we distinguish between fingers and toes , physiologically and lexically .
in english , as in german , dutch , the scandinavian languages , etc. , we [differentiate] between fingers and toes , physiologically and lexically .

Languages which do not distinguish thumb and finger have no word for hedgehog .
languages which do not [differentiate] thumb and finger have no word for hedgehog .

In the former sense it gives way to government land or to more specific terms for parcels of land like government domain , government farm , government garden , government ground , government paddock , government reserve and government run ; in the latter it comes increasingly to refer to land that is available for grant , lease , or purchase , to distinguish land which is variously described as unlocated , unoccupied or ( from slightly later , in the 1840s ) unsettled from land which is located or settled .
in the former sense it gives way to government land or to more specific terms for parcels of land like government domain , government farm , government garden , government ground , government paddock , government reserve and government run ; in the latter it comes increasingly to refer to land that is available for grant , lease , or purchase , to [differentiate] land which is variously described as unlocated , unoccupied or ( from slightly later , in the 1840s ) unsettled from land which is located or settled .

Waste land is used ( as it had been in American English and , later , in New Zealand English ) to distinguish unused land -- uncultivated because unoccupied land -- from land under cultivation or in some way improved as pasture .
waste land is used ( as it had been in american english and , later , in new zealand english ) to [differentiate] unused land -- uncultivated because unoccupied land -- from land under cultivation or in some way improved as pasture .

Other misunderstandings frequently occur because of an inability to distinguish between the vowels of bit and beet .
other misunderstandings frequently occur because of an inability to [differentiate] between the vowels of bit and beet .

The Photon machine was in use during the 1950s : I was used for the composition of the Funk Wagnalls Dictionary -- International Edition in 1956 ; I was present at a demonstration of the ( Mergenthaler ) Linofilm in the early 1960s ; and Dr. Hell 's Digisetter , which generated characters as requested from what we might today call image bytes ( to distinguish them from pixels ) was in use in the latter part of the 1960s : one was certainly in operation in 1969 at the McCall Corporation 's composition plant in Princeton , New Jersey , driven by an RCA Spectrum computer .
the photon machine was in use during the 1950s : i was used for the composition of the funk wagnalls dictionary -- international edition in 1956 ; i was present at a demonstration of the ( mergenthaler ) linofilm in the early 1960s ; and dr. hell 's digisetter , which generated characters as requested from what we might today call image bytes ( to [differentiate] them from pixels ) was in use in the latter part of the 1960s : one was certainly in operation in 1969 at the mccall corporation 's composition plant in princeton , new jersey , driven by an rca spectrum computer .

In order to distinguish him from other varieties of Canis familiaris I gave my dog an extra , varietal name : Thunder .
in order to [differentiate] him from other varieties of canis familiaris i gave my dog an extra , varietal name : thunder .

In law , a trademark is a name , logotype , design , or any combination thereof adopted and used by a manufacturer to identify its goods and distinguish them from articles sold by others .
in law , a trademark is a name , logotype , design , or any combination thereof adopted and used by a manufacturer to identify its goods and [differentiate] them from articles sold by others .

The advent of the digital computer , after the war , necessitated the modifying of the old term by the backword , analog , to distinguish it from the new digital computer .
the advent of the digital computer , after the war , necessitated the modifying of the old term by the backword , analog , to [differentiate] it from the new digital computer .

A recent news item in The Times [ November 1992 ] published in the international press presumably to call delighted attention to the obtuseness of the chief of police of Dearborn , Michigan , concerned an officer who was suspended for three days to seek psychiatric help in disabusing himself of his obsession for writing the figure 7 with a bar through it to distinguish it from the figure 1 , a disambiguating practice long followed in Europe where it is the practice to write 1 to look like the left half of an upward-pointing arrow .
a recent news item in the times [ november 1992 ] published in the international press presumably to call delighted attention to the obtuseness of the chief of police of dearborn , michigan , concerned an officer who was suspended for three days to seek psychiatric help in disabusing himself of his obsession for writing the figure 7 with a bar through it to [differentiate] it from the figure 1 , a disambiguating practice long followed in europe where it is the practice to write 1 to look like the left half of an upward-pointing arrow .

In many cases , it must be acknowledged , the speaker or writer has not been exposed to the opportunities that would enable him to distinguish between what is regarded as standard usage versus nonstandard , hence , it might be said that he is not responsible for using nonstandard English .
in many cases , it must be acknowledged , the speaker or writer has not been exposed to the opportunities that would enable him to [differentiate] between what is regarded as standard usage versus nonstandard , hence , it might be said that he is not responsible for using nonstandard english .

Macho is uttered with a - tch - , possibly to distinguish it from one of the pronunciations of the word for a variety of shark .
macho is uttered with a - tch - , possibly to [differentiate] it from one of the pronunciations of the word for a variety of shark .

The nicknames developed from the need to distinguish between people in the same village with the same name .
the nicknames developed from the need to [differentiate] between people in the same village with the same name .

As a result of this need to distinguish , some very humorous names developed .
as a result of this need to [differentiate] , some very humorous names developed .

Robin Gwyndaf , assistant keeper at the Welsh Folk Museum , said : In the old coal mining communities you had to distinguish between the David Joneses .
robin gwyndaf , assistant keeper at the welsh folk museum , said : in the old coal mining communities you had to [differentiate] between the david joneses .

This will not only help the reader to distinguish between the two meanings but will conform to conventional capitalization in the English language .
this will not only help the reader to [differentiate] between the two meanings but will conform to conventional capitalization in the english language .

Identified by early feminist linguist Robin Lakoff , women 's frequent use of tag endings has been both discounted by some but not all empirical studies and re-examined by other studies that distinguish different kinds of tag endings used by men and women .
identified by early feminist linguist robin lakoff , women 's frequent use of tag endings has been both discounted by some but not all empirical studies and re-examined by other studies that [differentiate] different kinds of tag endings used by men and women .

Perhaps the most significant comment on the failure to distinguish between man generic and man ` male human ' appears on page 25 :
perhaps the most significant comment on the failure to [differentiate] between man generic and man ` male human ' appears on page 25 :

Put on what , in the military , they like to call a “ need-to-know ” basis , then why not distinguish between belly dancer and belly danseuse ? —though I daresay the author , Rosalie Maggio , would scarcely approve of danseuse .
put on what , in the military , they like to call a “ need-to-know ” basis , then why not [differentiate] between belly dancer and belly danseuse ? —though i daresay the author , rosalie maggio , would scarcely approve of danseuse .

I say some listeners because it is evident that many listeners and readers , like many broadcasters and writers , are unable to distinguish one word from another .
i say some listeners because it is evident that many listeners and readers , like many broadcasters and writers , are unable to [differentiate] one word from another .

Our forebears used to hunt it with hawks , and they could easily distinguish hunter from quarry .
our forebears used to hunt it with hawks , and they could easily [differentiate] hunter from quarry .

I did not write anywhere that “ much sexual behavior is shaped by nature. ” I wrote : “ one must be careful to distinguish between nature , in which we must recognize that there are differences between males and females , and bias , which ought not be tolerated. ” I keep an open mind on the question of the genetic origins of heterosexuality and homosexuality .
i did not write anywhere that “ much sexual behavior is shaped by nature. ” i wrote : “ one must be careful to [differentiate] between nature , in which we must recognize that there are differences between males and females , and bias , which ought not be tolerated. ” i keep an open mind on the question of the genetic origins of heterosexuality and homosexuality .

The earliest uses of the adjective referred to fabrics , to distinguish ordinary or run-of-the-mill cloth from finer weaves .
the earliest uses of the adjective referred to fabrics , to [differentiate] ordinary or run-of-the-mill cloth from finer weaves .

It is not easy to distinguish between clichés and what linguists call collocations -- that is , collections of words that , while not unanalyzable idioms per se ( like red herring , tall order , or take off in the sense of ` satirize ' ) , nonetheless seem to fall together with great frequency .
it is not easy to [differentiate] between clichés and what linguists call collocations -- that is , collections of words that , while not unanalyzable idioms per se ( like red herring , tall order , or take off in the sense of ` satirize ' ) , nonetheless seem to fall together with great frequency .

He did not distinguish between villainous charismatic figures and virtuous ones because such distinctions , he felt , would muddy sociological comparisons .
he did not [differentiate] between villainous charismatic figures and virtuous ones because such distinctions , he felt , would muddy sociological comparisons .

The dialect selected for American English is General American , that spoken by the largest number of speakers ( those who do not distinguish among Mary , marry , and merry ) ; that selected for British English , as one might expect , RP [ Received Pronunciation ] , “ widely regarded as a model for correct pronunciation ... what is used by BBC news readers ( hence the alternative name , BBC pronunciation ) . ’ As far as the first is concerned , it does not bear the same relationship to American English that RP bears to British English : the pronunciation pattern of the educated speaker in the northeastern US probably retains much of its former status and prestige .
the dialect selected for american english is general american , that spoken by the largest number of speakers ( those who do not [differentiate] among mary , marry , and merry ) ; that selected for british english , as one might expect , rp [ received pronunciation ] , “ widely regarded as a model for correct pronunciation ... what is used by bbc news readers ( hence the alternative name , bbc pronunciation ) . ’ as far as the first is concerned , it does not bear the same relationship to american english that rp bears to british english : the pronunciation pattern of the educated speaker in the northeastern us probably retains much of its former status and prestige .

The boldface headwords , alas in sansserif type ( making it difficult to read words like Pilling , pillion , pilliwinkle , Illinois , etc. , because the lower-case i resembles lower-case l , which is hard to distinguish from capital I ) , are followed by pronunciations printed in blue , with variants in black , an expensive but worthwhile idea that works if you are not reading in a dim light .
the boldface headwords , alas in sansserif type ( making it difficult to read words like pilling , pillion , pilliwinkle , illinois , etc. , because the lower-case i resembles lower-case l , which is hard to [differentiate] from capital i ) , are followed by pronunciations printed in blue , with variants in black , an expensive but worthwhile idea that works if you are not reading in a dim light .

Given name is clearly preferable if one wishes to distinguish between a name bestowed by the parents in any culture and one automatically inherited .
given name is clearly preferable if one wishes to [differentiate] between a name bestowed by the parents in any culture and one automatically inherited .

Marlborough Road is now , I suspect , a street , to distinguish it from its namesake by St. James 's Palace .
marlborough road is now , i suspect , a street , to [differentiate] it from its namesake by st. james 's palace .

It is as if in a particular neighborhood one family were named Jones , another Jones-Smith , and a third Smith-Jones and , because of this peculiar set of circumstances , their friends spent most of their time trying to distinguish one family from the other instead of enjoying their company .
it is as if in a particular neighborhood one family were named jones , another jones-smith , and a third smith-jones and , because of this peculiar set of circumstances , their friends spent most of their time trying to [differentiate] one family from the other instead of enjoying their company .

In short , remove the platform and a new term would have to be applied to distinguish the game from paddle tennis , which technically is simply a form of miniature tennis and might be better referred to as “ mini-tennis. ” As for platform tennis , changing the name to squash tennis is a possibility if we are willing to concede that the original four-wall game with this label is vanishing .
in short , remove the platform and a new term would have to be applied to [differentiate] the game from paddle tennis , which technically is simply a form of miniature tennis and might be better referred to as “ mini-tennis. ” as for platform tennis , changing the name to squash tennis is a possibility if we are willing to concede that the original four-wall game with this label is vanishing .

Context , of course , enables us to distinguish between this and the other meaning of entitle , ` give ( someone ) a right ' ; it is hard to see where the two meanings would conflict .
context , of course , enables us to [differentiate] between this and the other meaning of entitle , ` give ( someone ) a right ' ; it is hard to see where the two meanings would conflict .

In the Venetian Republic by the end of the 10th century , some people were using fixed secondary names to distinguish themselves , and at least some of these names were passed from parents to children .
in the venetian republic by the end of the 10th century , some people were using fixed secondary names to [differentiate] themselves , and at least some of these names were passed from parents to children .

No hyphenation algorithm has been invented to control rivers of white space , nor to distinguish between pro-ject ( verb ) and proj-ect ( noun , unless one is Canadian ) .
no hyphenation algorithm has been invented to control rivers of white space , nor to [differentiate] between pro-ject ( verb ) and proj-ect ( noun , unless one is canadian ) .

Unlike English , those languages do not distinguish between order or position .
unlike english , those languages do not [differentiate] between order or position .

To distinguish them from backwords , they may be termed newances .
to [differentiate] them from backwords , they may be termed newances .

I suggest that each Slurvian term should have one or more of the following characteristics to distinguish it from some other form of ( mis ) pronunciation :
i suggest that each slurvian term should have one or more of the following characteristics to [differentiate] it from some other form of ( mis ) pronunciation :

The general production of the book is poor : the paper has too much “ see-through , ” causing the type on the back of a page to interfere with the legibility ; the type is too gray ; the definitions are run into one another , with semicolons in place of definition numbers , making it difficult to distinguish senses and requiring one to read through a long entry before coming to the sense sought ; it is almost impossible to discover where a new part of speech begins ; subentries of idiomatic phrases and phrasal verbs are given the same prominence as headwords , making them easy to find but detracting from the headword treatment ; and the substandard typography has created many loose lines which poor proofreading has failed to catch .
the general production of the book is poor : the paper has too much “ see-through , ” causing the type on the back of a page to interfere with the legibility ; the type is too gray ; the definitions are run into one another , with semicolons in place of definition numbers , making it difficult to [differentiate] senses and requiring one to read through a long entry before coming to the sense sought ; it is almost impossible to discover where a new part of speech begins ; subentries of idiomatic phrases and phrasal verbs are given the same prominence as headwords , making them easy to find but detracting from the headword treatment ; and the substandard typography has created many loose lines which poor proofreading has failed to catch .

Thus the form of plague characterized by such regional swelling became bubonic to distinguish it from the pneumonic form .
thus the form of plague characterized by such regional swelling became bubonic to [differentiate] it from the pneumonic form .

The problem , as in most usage matters , is that those who fail to distinguish between classic and classical , infer and imply , like and as , etc. , are blissfully unaware that any question exists : consequently , not being unsure of anything , they never bother to check .
the problem , as in most usage matters , is that those who fail to [differentiate] between classic and classical , infer and imply , like and as , etc. , are blissfully unaware that any question exists : consequently , not being unsure of anything , they never bother to check .

To be able to distinguish among types of “ yes ” —to be able to discern when that word means “ no ” or “ perhaps ” or “ yes , I do n't think so ” —that would mean that one had become intimately Japanese .
to be able to [differentiate] among types of “ yes ” —to be able to discern when that word means “ no ” or “ perhaps ” or “ yes , i do n't think so ” —that would mean that one had become intimately japanese .

The Chinese do not distinguish l from r in Western words or names , for example , so that these letters when transliterated may appear as either .
the chinese do not [differentiate] l from r in western words or names , for example , so that these letters when transliterated may appear as either .

It is reported in The Independent [ 9 December 1994 ] that on the South Side in Chicago , local gangs prefer to be called niggers to distinguish themselves from the despised suburban upwardly mobile blacks .
it is reported in the independent [ 9 december 1994 ] that on the south side in chicago , local gangs prefer to be called niggers to [differentiate] themselves from the despised suburban upwardly mobile blacks .

In the usual meanings of positives , comparatives , and superlatives of English adjectives the gradations are taken to mean “ -- , ” “ -er/more -- , ” and “ -est/most -- , ” the latter being the adverbs normally used to distinguish the comparatives and superlatives of polysyllabic words .
in the usual meanings of positives , comparatives , and superlatives of english adjectives the gradations are taken to mean “ -- , ” “ -er/more -- , ” and “ -est/most -- , ” the latter being the adverbs normally used to [differentiate] the comparatives and superlatives of polysyllabic words .

Certainly , it seems unlikely that someone would have to refer to her as “ Kylie Minogue , the singer , ” except for the benefit of the same people who need the reinforcement afforded by “ Margaret Thatcher , the prime minister , ” “ George Bush , the president , ” or “ Elizabeth II , the queen , ” as if to distinguish them from the local roofer , the itinerant hedge-trimmer , or the ocean liner .
certainly , it seems unlikely that someone would have to refer to her as “ kylie minogue , the singer , ” except for the benefit of the same people who need the reinforcement afforded by “ margaret thatcher , the prime minister , ” “ george bush , the president , ” or “ elizabeth ii , the queen , ” as if to [differentiate] them from the local roofer , the itinerant hedge-trimmer , or the ocean liner .

Although there seems to be no reason for jayvee , it must be noted that the date given for the first appearance of a word is actually a record of when it was first found in print , and earlier oral use could not distinguish J. V. from jayvee .
although there seems to be no reason for jayvee , it must be noted that the date given for the first appearance of a word is actually a record of when it was first found in print , and earlier oral use could not [differentiate] j. v. from jayvee .

One can also see appositions applied to barbers and hairdressers who go to great lengths to distinguish themselves .
one can also see appositions applied to barbers and hairdressers who go to great lengths to [differentiate] themselves .

There are fourteen essays in the collection , and if anyone ever had any question about how to distinguish erotica from pornographica , the answer lies in these pages : some of these essays are clearly erotic ( “ Bottoms Up ! The Fine Arts and Flagellation , ” “ Robert Musil : What Price Homosexual Sadism ? , ” “ Carlo Gesualdo , Prince of Venosa : Murder , Madrigals , and Masochism , ” and “ The Iconography of Fanny Hill : How to Illustrate a Dirty Book ” ) , but they are not pornographic ; others are somewhat more clinical ( “ Johnson and Boswell : ` Vile Melancholy ' and ` The Hypochondriack ” ) ; all exhibit a quality of writing rarely encountered .
there are fourteen essays in the collection , and if anyone ever had any question about how to [differentiate] erotica from pornographica , the answer lies in these pages : some of these essays are clearly erotic ( “ bottoms up ! the fine arts and flagellation , ” “ robert musil : what price homosexual sadism ? , ” “ carlo gesualdo , prince of venosa : murder , madrigals , and masochism , ” and “ the iconography of fanny hill : how to illustrate a dirty book ” ) , but they are not pornographic ; others are somewhat more clinical ( “ johnson and boswell : ` vile melancholy ' and ` the hypochondriack ” ) ; all exhibit a quality of writing rarely encountered .

