This is clear when one distinguishes the types of motion appropriate to both regions .
this is clear when one [differentiates] the types of motion appropriate to both regions .

He assures us , early in the Poetics , that all art is `` imitation '' and that all imitation gives pleasure , but he distinguishes between art in general and poetic art on the basis of the means , manner , and the objects of the imitation .
he assures us , early in the poetics , that all art is `` imitation '' and that all imitation gives pleasure , but he [differentiates] between art in general and poetic art on the basis of the means , manner , and the objects of the imitation .

The Cost Section distinguishes between ( directly ) variable costs and constant costs in a manner noted in the preceding chapter .
the cost section [differentiates] between ( directly ) variable costs and constant costs in a manner noted in the preceding chapter .

If one characteristic distinguishes Boris Godunov , it is the consistency with which every person on the stage -- including the chorus -- comes alive in the music .
if one characteristic [differentiates] boris godunov , it is the consistency with which every person on the stage -- including the chorus -- comes alive in the music .

Varlaam and Missail always appear together and often sing together , in a straightforward , rhythmically vigorous idiom that distinguishes them from the more subtle and well-educated Pimen .
varlaam and missail always appear together and often sing together , in a straightforward , rhythmically vigorous idiom that [differentiates] them from the more subtle and well-educated pimen .

What distinguishes his plays is the total commitment to human beings , and it is the tragic destiny of so many of them which brings out his finest writing .
what [differentiates] his plays is the total commitment to human beings , and it is the tragic destiny of so many of them which brings out his finest writing .

What distinguishes his work is an ability to fuse artisan traditions , contemporary taste and fresh , innovative ideas in a collection that looks womanly and wearable .
what [differentiates] his work is an ability to fuse artisan traditions , contemporary taste and fresh , innovative ideas in a collection that looks womanly and wearable .

Specials share almost all the usual police responsibilities and just a small insignia on the epaulette distinguishes them from their regular colleagues .
specials share almost all the usual police responsibilities and just a small insignia on the epaulette [differentiates] them from their regular colleagues .

Specials share almost all the usual police responsibilities and just a small insignia on the epaulette distinguishes them from their regular colleagues .
specials share almost all the usual police responsibilities and just a small insignia on the epaulette [differentiates] them from their regular colleagues .

What , according to Maccoby , distinguishes the Pharisees , particularly from the Sadducees ( the aristocratic priestly Jews ) , is their insistence on the oral law , and the need to interpret the written law according to circumstance .
what , according to maccoby , [differentiates] the pharisees , particularly from the sadducees ( the aristocratic priestly jews ) , is their insistence on the oral law , and the need to interpret the written law according to circumstance .

This distinguishes them from the state agencies that provide health , education or other services on the basis of bureaucratic criteria such as need and entitlement , rather than as commodities to be bought and sold in the market .
this [differentiates] them from the state agencies that provide health , education or other services on the basis of bureaucratic criteria such as need and entitlement , rather than as commodities to be bought and sold in the market .

This multiplicity of objectives , and the way in which they are defined through the political process and change in response to changing political priorities , distinguishes state enterprises from private firms . The position is neatly summarized by a former chairman of the British Railways Board , Lord Beeching :
this multiplicity of objectives , and the way in which they are defined through the political process and change in response to changing political priorities , [differentiates] state enterprises from private firms . the position is neatly summarized by a former chairman of the british railways board , lord beeching :

that distinguishes a professional to somebody who is n't .
that [differentiates] a professional to somebody who is n't .

Gandhi distinguishes between speaking the truth and Truth .
gandhi [differentiates] between speaking the truth and truth .

The utilitarian axiom distinguishes the person who acts from the world in which he acts .
the utilitarian axiom [differentiates] the person who acts from the world in which he acts .

It distinguishes between people and systems .
it [differentiates] between people and systems .

Tillich distinguishes between the Buddhist concept of compassion on the one hand , and the Christian concept of love in the sense of agape on the other .
tillich [differentiates] between the buddhist concept of compassion on the one hand , and the christian concept of love in the sense of agape on the other .

It is the ability of love to transform in this way that , in Tillich 's view , distinguishes it from the Buddhist concept of compassion .
it is the ability of love to transform in this way that , in tillich 's view , [differentiates] it from the buddhist concept of compassion .

Berghel ( 1987 ) distinguishes between three types of orthographic similarity .
berghel ( 1987 ) [differentiates] between three types of orthographic similarity .

Let us instead wonder how this latest episode could have turned so sour , given the wonderful international spirit which distinguishes the male world of cricket .
let us instead wonder how this latest episode could have turned so sour , given the wonderful international spirit which [differentiates] the male world of cricket .

What falls away when we believe , which distinguishes coming to faith from continuing to believe , is the ‘ if-ness ’ or trial-run quality of the early use of presuppositions .
what falls away when we believe , which [differentiates] coming to faith from continuing to believe , is the ‘ if-ness ’ or trial-run quality of the early use of presuppositions .

Its instinct is to root itself in truth , to earth itself in reality , and it is this which distinguishes faith from fantasy , the object of faith from a figment of the imagination .
its instinct is to root itself in truth , to earth itself in reality , and it is this which [differentiates] faith from fantasy , the object of faith from a figment of the imagination .

It is a feature that distinguishes research from monitoring , where we take categories and definitions as ‘ given ’ and do not worry too much about the nature of the phenomena being recorded .
it is a feature that [differentiates] research from monitoring , where we take categories and definitions as ‘ given ’ and do not worry too much about the nature of the phenomena being recorded .

But to insist that women somehow amputate their love and compassion is to ask them to destroy the very thing which in my view favourably distinguishes us from men .
but to insist that women somehow amputate their love and compassion is to ask them to destroy the very thing which in my view favourably [differentiates] us from men .

With that impeccable sense of timing which so distinguishes all Trotskyites , Mr Blackburn wants to jump ship to a party that self-professedly regards the Conservatives as insufficiently vigorous in its pursuit of a free-market economy .
with that impeccable sense of timing which so [differentiates] all trotskyites , mr blackburn wants to jump ship to a party that self-professedly regards the conservatives as insufficiently vigorous in its pursuit of a free-market economy .

It is the provision of welfare , however , which distinguishes the modern state from previous states .
it is the provision of welfare , however , which [differentiates] the modern state from previous states .

The problem-solving framework distinguishes the case discussion model from ad hoc case conferences , lunch-time ‘ surgeries ’ run by educational psychologists where teachers can discuss the difficulties they experience with specific pupils , or meetings arranged to deal with crisis situations .
the problem-solving framework [differentiates] the case discussion model from ad hoc case conferences , lunch-time ‘ surgeries ’ run by educational psychologists where teachers can discuss the difficulties they experience with specific pupils , or meetings arranged to deal with crisis situations .

Reicher , for instance , distinguishes between a perception , which is individual and often ‘ openly partisan ’ , and an account , which consists of events described in the same way by two or more sources , and which can be tested against ‘ objective ’ indices , such as , film and photographs ’ ( Reicher 1984b : 190 ) .
reicher , for instance , [differentiates] between a perception , which is individual and often ‘ openly partisan ’ , and an account , which consists of events described in the same way by two or more sources , and which can be tested against ‘ objective ’ indices , such as , film and photographs ’ ( reicher 1984b : 190 ) .

The fact that it aims to provide a systematic account of time use is what distinguishes it from the literary diary .
the fact that it aims to provide a systematic account of time use is what [differentiates] it from the literary diary .

This indicates that there is something that distinguishes monkey from mouse brains other than the relative sizes of the two species .
this indicates that there is something that [differentiates] monkey from mouse brains other than the relative sizes of the two species .

We have so far been considering the extent to which the intentional ingredient in natural language distinguishes it from other systems of animal communication .
we have so far been considering the extent to which the intentional ingredient in natural language [differentiates] it from other systems of animal communication .

This feature sharply distinguishes the repressive from the aggressive stance towards the dispute , which consists in holists and individualists giving incompatible answers to the questions they address , each set grounded on a prior commitment to their own approach .
this feature sharply [differentiates] the repressive from the aggressive stance towards the dispute , which consists in holists and individualists giving incompatible answers to the questions they address , each set grounded on a prior commitment to their own approach .

Nevertheless , there must be some feature which distinguishes the production of knowledge from that of political slogans , for example ; and we have to try to understand how the real object is transformed into the thought object .
nevertheless , there must be some feature which [differentiates] the production of knowledge from that of political slogans , for example ; and we have to try to understand how the real object is transformed into the thought object .

Poulantzas next distinguishes between the economic and political interests of the dominant classes .
poulantzas next [differentiates] between the economic and political interests of the dominant classes .

For he distinguishes sharply between two questions .
for he [differentiates] sharply between two questions .

It is open to holists , however , to resist this conclusion , and Cohen distinguishes two ways in which they can do so .
it is open to holists , however , to resist this conclusion , and cohen [differentiates] two ways in which they can do so .

The psychologist Jeffrey Gray , who is also quoted by Askwith , more clearly distinguishes these , although perhaps unaware that he is doing so : ‘ How can you know , in advance , whether an experiment will be relevant ?
the psychologist jeffrey gray , who is also quoted by askwith , more clearly [differentiates] these , although perhaps unaware that he is doing so : ‘ how can you know , in advance , whether an experiment will be relevant ?

It is the overdetermined character of the materialist dialectic that distinguishes it from the Hegelian dialectic .
it is the overdetermined character of the materialist dialectic that [differentiates] it from the hegelian dialectic .

, 1986 ) distinguishes between reassurance , warning against ‘ the bland , cosy suggestion that our troubles are all illusory and will melt away with little or no intervention on our part ’ , and encouragement in dealing with retired people .
, 1986 ) [differentiates] between reassurance , warning against ‘ the bland , cosy suggestion that our troubles are all illusory and will melt away with little or no intervention on our part ’ , and encouragement in dealing with retired people .

Nothing about the infant in your arms distinguishes it as your own .
nothing about the infant in your arms [differentiates] it as your own .

What distinguishes the last two from gains and losses is that they are transactions involving owners in their capacity as owners .
what [differentiates] the last two from gains and losses is that they are transactions involving owners in their capacity as owners .

’ The answer is that this third human state has a special feature that distinguishes it from the other two ( the inner and the outer states ) in that it is a zone for cultural experience or creative playing .
’ the answer is that this third human state has a special feature that [differentiates] it from the other two ( the inner and the outer states ) in that it is a zone for cultural experience or creative playing .

Since it is accepted that the consensus varies according to time and place , it is not clear how one distinguishes between a legitimate consensus and a deviant subculture .
since it is accepted that the consensus varies according to time and place , it is not clear how one [differentiates] between a legitimate consensus and a deviant subculture .

This distinguishes camcorders from ‘ separates ’ , which do the same job but in the form of individual cable-connected cameras and recorders .
this [differentiates] camcorders from ‘ separates ’ , which do the same job but in the form of individual cable-connected cameras and recorders .

‘ What distinguishes us from the rest of the industry is that we do research to prove the claims we make , ’ he says .
‘ what [differentiates] us from the rest of the industry is that we do research to prove the claims we make , ’ he says .

This , again , distinguishes evaluation from assessment .
this , again , [differentiates] evaluation from assessment .

It then distinguishes ‘ group-as-context ’ which focuses on the individual , from ‘ group-as-instrument ’ emphasising the collective .
it then [differentiates] ‘ group-as-context ’ which focuses on the individual , from ‘ group-as-instrument ’ emphasising the collective .

The successful birds had two young which were feathered well enough to show the black bar along the grey wings which distinguishes immature kittiwakes .
the successful birds had two young which were feathered well enough to show the black bar along the grey wings which [differentiates] immature kittiwakes .

This , of course , stemmed from their general lack of interest in the significance of the criminal justice system — the final feature that distinguishes them from classical criminology .
this , of course , stemmed from their general lack of interest in the significance of the criminal justice system — the final feature that [differentiates] them from classical criminology .

Thus John Locke distinguishes between ‘ reflection ’ , the mind 's turning inward upon itself , and ‘ sensation ’ , the source of our ideas of external objects .
thus john locke [differentiates] between ‘ reflection ’ , the mind 's turning inward upon itself , and ‘ sensation ’ , the source of our ideas of external objects .

This sentence distinguishes between , say , saying it as an example of a sentence , or on the stage , etc .
this sentence [differentiates] between , say , saying it as an example of a sentence , or on the stage , etc .

In an exquisitely penned introduction , Sister Wendy distinguishes between religious , spiritual and sacred art .
in an exquisitely penned introduction , sister wendy [differentiates] between religious , spiritual and sacred art .

The eight types of learning which Gagne distinguishes are shown in Table 2.2 .
the eight types of learning which gagne [differentiates] are shown in table 2.2 .

An alternative classification , used by some researchers and policy makers , is that which distinguishes pupils on the basis of some aspect of their social and educational experiences .
an alternative classification , used by some researchers and policy makers , is that which [differentiates] pupils on the basis of some aspect of their social and educational experiences .

Doeringer distinguishes between three major divisions : a pragmatic approach in which theory plays little or no role although , as Eldridge ( 1975 , p. 7 ) has reminded us ‘ the pragmatists in emphasising the need for realistic solutions often carry a good deal of conceptual and theoretical baggage around with them ’ ; secondly , a Marxist approach , stressing class relations and conflict irreconcilability ; and , following Dunlop 's ( 1958 ) seminal work , the highly influential ‘ systems ’ model focusing on the rules of industrial relations and their determinants .
doeringer [differentiates] between three major divisions : a pragmatic approach in which theory plays little or no role although , as eldridge ( 1975 , p. 7 ) has reminded us ‘ the pragmatists in emphasising the need for realistic solutions often carry a good deal of conceptual and theoretical baggage around with them ’ ; secondly , a marxist approach , stressing class relations and conflict irreconcilability ; and , following dunlop 's ( 1958 ) seminal work , the highly influential ‘ systems ’ model focusing on the rules of industrial relations and their determinants .

What distinguishes Burton was the formidable nature of the obstacles he set himself and the growing weaknesses of body which he ignored .
what [differentiates] burton was the formidable nature of the obstacles he set himself and the growing weaknesses of body which he ignored .

In the modern period by no means all ( or even a majority ) of political leaders can be seen as basing their appeal on charismatic qualities , although such an appeal often distinguishes powerful political leaders from more routine politicians .
in the modern period by no means all ( or even a majority ) of political leaders can be seen as basing their appeal on charismatic qualities , although such an appeal often [differentiates] powerful political leaders from more routine politicians .

We look at the individual to discern the imprint of society : it is what he shares with his associates , not what distinguishes him from them , that directly interests us .
we look at the individual to discern the imprint of society : it is what he shares with his associates , not what [differentiates] him from them , that directly interests us .

Nothing distinguishes one community more sharply from another than its beliefs concerning the meaning of life , the position of men in the universe , and the ultimate significance of affliction and suffering .
nothing [differentiates] one community more sharply from another than its beliefs concerning the meaning of life , the position of men in the universe , and the ultimate significance of affliction and suffering .

For he distinguishes natural objects and properties — components of physical nature and the minds of organisms existing in it — from some present allegedly only in metaphysical realms postulated by certain philosophers .
for he [differentiates] natural objects and properties — components of physical nature and the minds of organisms existing in it — from some present allegedly only in metaphysical realms postulated by certain philosophers .

For , with some qualifications which do not much affect the main point , he suggests that when we give reasons for an ethical statement we are typically making factual claims acceptance of which we hope will cause others to have the attitude it expresses and he distinguishes this sharply from the case where one statement gives some kind of logical or rational support to another .
for , with some qualifications which do not much affect the main point , he suggests that when we give reasons for an ethical statement we are typically making factual claims acceptance of which we hope will cause others to have the attitude it expresses and he [differentiates] this sharply from the case where one statement gives some kind of logical or rational support to another .

Mackie distinguishes four types of view on the status of value and obligations , ( 1 ) non-naturalist objectivism , ( 2 ) attitudinism , ( 3 ) modern naturalism , ( 4 ) error theory , and comments on them somewhat as follows .
mackie [differentiates] four types of view on the status of value and obligations , ( 1 ) non-naturalist objectivism , ( 2 ) attitudinism , ( 3 ) modern naturalism , ( 4 ) error theory , and comments on them somewhat as follows .

Thus on balance marginal and less protected forms of employment have not grown at any marked rate in the market capitalism phase that Lane distinguishes .
thus on balance marginal and less protected forms of employment have not grown at any marked rate in the market capitalism phase that lane [differentiates] .

For example , French distinguishes between masculine and feminine gender in nouns such as fils/fille ( ‘ son ’ / ‘ daughter ’ ) and chat/chatte ( ‘ male cat ’ / ‘ female cat ’ ) .
for example , french [differentiates] between masculine and feminine gender in nouns such as fils/fille ( ‘ son ’ / ‘ daughter ’ ) and chat/chatte ( ‘ male cat ’ / ‘ female cat ’ ) .

Following Dressler and Wodak ( 1982 ) he distinguishes phonological variation resulting from connected speech processes from a more general type of linguistic variation which correlates with speaker variables such as sex or social status and which is not restricted to phonological systems .
following dressler and wodak ( 1982 ) he [differentiates] phonological variation resulting from connected speech processes from a more general type of linguistic variation which correlates with speaker variables such as sex or social status and which is not restricted to phonological systems .

He asked how many eggcups she had and what colour they was Nor were any examples found of we or you co-occurring with a singular verb , and in a very real sense it is this constraint which distinguishes the Belfast vernacular concord system from that of other non-standard varieties . In London English , for example , singular forms of be ( certainly past tense forms ) seem to co-occur freely with we and they as subjects :
he asked how many eggcups she had and what colour they was nor were any examples found of we or you co-occurring with a singular verb , and in a very real sense it is this constraint which [differentiates] the belfast vernacular concord system from that of other non-standard varieties . in london english , for example , singular forms of be ( certainly past tense forms ) seem to co-occur freely with we and they as subjects :

It is not , of course , mere coverage of pension schemes that distinguishes manual from non-manual groups .
it is not , of course , mere coverage of pension schemes that [differentiates] manual from non-manual groups .

So far , discussion at Conferences has ranged around questions such as the form and function of music and rite ; what distinguishes liturgical music in respect of its use , function and significance ; and music as the servant of the Word , the liturgical action and the congregation .
so far , discussion at conferences has ranged around questions such as the form and function of music and rite ; what [differentiates] liturgical music in respect of its use , function and significance ; and music as the servant of the word , the liturgical action and the congregation .

Provisionally , therefore , Figure 2.1 distinguishes between the ‘ human ’ and the ‘ artistic ’ .
provisionally , therefore , figure 2.1 [differentiates] between the ‘ human ’ and the ‘ artistic ’ .

The drawback to this sort of analysis is that it distinguishes between the superficial norms of society , and the deeper , perhaps partially hidden , forces of the psyche .
the drawback to this sort of analysis is that it [differentiates] between the superficial norms of society , and the deeper , perhaps partially hidden , forces of the psyche .

For example , van Dijk ( 1983 ) distinguishes between ‘ the effective expression of semantic macrostructures ( themes ) ’ and the ‘ interactional and social goal ’ of creating the desired impression in the hearer .
for example , van dijk ( 1983 ) [differentiates] between ‘ the effective expression of semantic macrostructures ( themes ) ’ and the ‘ interactional and social goal ’ of creating the desired impression in the hearer .

The factor which distinguishes the artefact from the natural object is that it is the product of human labour .
the factor which [differentiates] the artefact from the natural object is that it is the product of human labour .

What distinguishes visionary leadership is that through words and actions , the leader gets the followers to ‘ see ’ his or her vision — to see a new way to think and act — and so to join their leader in realizing it .
what [differentiates] visionary leadership is that through words and actions , the leader gets the followers to ‘ see ’ his or her vision — to see a new way to think and act — and so to join their leader in realizing it .

( See also Entrikin ( 1991 ) , who distinguishes between the terms place and region on the scale criterion : the region is the larger unit . )
( see also entrikin ( 1991 ) , who [differentiates] between the terms place and region on the scale criterion : the region is the larger unit . )

The ( now superseded ) Wages Council order for the licensed residential establishments industry described a casual worker as one `` who undertakes engagements on either an hourly or day-to-day basis … However , it is not only the extreme temporariness of his engagement which distinguishes the casual worker from other temporary workers , but also his or her employment status .
the ( now superseded ) wages council order for the licensed residential establishments industry described a casual worker as one `` who undertakes engagements on either an hourly or day-to-day basis … however , it is not only the extreme temporariness of his engagement which [differentiates] the casual worker from other temporary workers , but also his or her employment status .

She distinguishes between those models that treat hemisphere specialisation as absolute , according to which a given function can only be performed by a particular hemisphere , and those that regard specialisation as relative .
she [differentiates] between those models that treat hemisphere specialisation as absolute , according to which a given function can only be performed by a particular hemisphere , and those that regard specialisation as relative .

French criminal procedure distinguishes between crimes and délits .
french criminal procedure [differentiates] between crimes and délits .

Mannheim distinguishes this form of ideology from what he calls ‘ utopian ideology ’ .
mannheim [differentiates] this form of ideology from what he calls ‘ utopian ideology ’ .

However , the neo-Weberian sociologist John Goldthorpe , distinguishes a number of separate white-collar strata .
however , the neo-weberian sociologist john goldthorpe , [differentiates] a number of separate white-collar strata .

He distinguishes between higher grade managers , administrators and professionals , and those in lower grades but similar jobs .
he [differentiates] between higher grade managers , administrators and professionals , and those in lower grades but similar jobs .

In addition , Ambrose 's ( 1974 ) classification is interesting because of its emphasis on transport availability and tenure which distinguishes his seven groups outlined in chapter 4 .
in addition , ambrose 's ( 1974 ) classification is interesting because of its emphasis on transport availability and tenure which [differentiates] his seven groups outlined in chapter 4 .

Two of the things we do know about communication and representation within the brain are , first , that they are brought about by nerve cells , and , second , that the neocortex is the most interesting bit of the brain to consider since it is the part whose great expansion distinguishes the primates from other mammals , and makes humankind pre-eminent among primates .
two of the things we do know about communication and representation within the brain are , first , that they are brought about by nerve cells , and , second , that the neocortex is the most interesting bit of the brain to consider since it is the part whose great expansion [differentiates] the primates from other mammals , and makes humankind pre-eminent among primates .

Only then , from that , does he infer that there really is honey ; and this is what really distinguishes being told the truth from finding it out in other ways .
only then , from that , does he infer that there really is honey ; and this is what really [differentiates] being told the truth from finding it out in other ways .

In short , it 's not the use of language that distinguishes being told the truth from other ways of finding it out : it 's the fact that when we tell people the truth , we do so by getting them to believe what we believe .
in short , it 's not the use of language that [differentiates] being told the truth from other ways of finding it out : it 's the fact that when we tell people the truth , we do so by getting them to believe what we believe .

It is this multivocal quality that distinguishes prose fiction from poetry , as Mikhail Bakhtin , the great Russian theorist whose work has only recently become well-known in the West , observed :
it is this multivocal quality that [differentiates] prose fiction from poetry , as mikhail bakhtin , the great russian theorist whose work has only recently become well-known in the west , observed :

Even so , his discussion of the contradiction between progressive forces of production and reactionary elements in the relations of production arguably distinguishes between rock and the older ‘ bourgeois hit ’ too starkly , for he tends to play down the survival of older elements in rock production , form and performance , as well as neglecting divergences of social use and interpretation , and differences of content .
even so , his discussion of the contradiction between progressive forces of production and reactionary elements in the relations of production arguably [differentiates] between rock and the older ‘ bourgeois hit ’ too starkly , for he tends to play down the survival of older elements in rock production , form and performance , as well as neglecting divergences of social use and interpretation , and differences of content .

For what , in fact , distinguishes the supposedly ‘ inimitable ’ Magritte from other modern masters is , paradoxically , his imitability .
for what , in fact , [differentiates] the supposedly ‘ inimitable ’ magritte from other modern masters is , paradoxically , his imitability .

Durkheim distinguishes between simple , pre-industrial societies in which there is little division of labour ( sometimes referred to as Gemeinschaft societies ) and more advanced ( Gesellschaft ) societies in which people perform specialized jobs .
durkheim [differentiates] between simple , pre-industrial societies in which there is little division of labour ( sometimes referred to as gemeinschaft societies ) and more advanced ( gesellschaft ) societies in which people perform specialized jobs .

Another way is just to try to define its scope by explaining what it is that distinguishes it from other kinds of policy .
another way is just to try to define its scope by explaining what it is that [differentiates] it from other kinds of policy .

One peculiar characteristic of the British Parliament that distinguishes it from many legislatures in other countries , and particularly from the United States Congress , is the slight use made of specialized committees .
one peculiar characteristic of the british parliament that [differentiates] it from many legislatures in other countries , and particularly from the united states congress , is the slight use made of specialized committees .

He argues that standards may be rendered more precise by ‘ criteria ’ , facts that are to be taken into accounts but that ‘ the feature of standards that distinguishes them from rules is their flexibility and susceptibility to change over time ’ .
he argues that standards may be rendered more precise by ‘ criteria ’ , facts that are to be taken into accounts but that ‘ the feature of standards that [differentiates] them from rules is their flexibility and susceptibility to change over time ’ .

Rather , the evidence suggests a classification of teams which distinguishes the core team `` from the `` extended team `` , which in turn is distinguished from the `` service network `` team — if , indeed , a 20-person grouping can be called a team .
rather , the evidence suggests a classification of teams which [differentiates] the core team `` from the `` extended team `` , which in turn is distinguished from the `` service network `` team — if , indeed , a 20-person grouping can be called a team .

The only `` properties `` that numbers can have are `` relational properties `` , and are moreover such as presuppose a basic parity in logical status as between related terms ( which distinguishes them , among others , from the so-called `` mental `` relations ) .
the only `` properties `` that numbers can have are `` relational properties `` , and are moreover such as presuppose a basic parity in logical status as between related terms ( which [differentiates] them , among others , from the so-called `` mental `` relations ) .

This approach is best known in terms of the concept of consumption cleavages as proposed by Saunders ( 1984 , 1986 ) . Saunders ( 1986 : 156 ) distinguishes his account from traditional Weberian approaches to stratification and contends that he is dealing with :
this approach is best known in terms of the concept of consumption cleavages as proposed by saunders ( 1984 , 1986 ) . saunders ( 1986 : 156 ) [differentiates] his account from traditional weberian approaches to stratification and contends that he is dealing with :

Chisholm distinguishes between comparative and non-comparative uses of the phrase ‘ appears white ’ ( Chisholm , 1977 , pp .
chisholm [differentiates] between comparative and non-comparative uses of the phrase ‘ appears white ’ ( chisholm , 1977 , pp .

( Later Hymes also distinguishes audience , since the presence of overhearers may contribute to the specification of the speech event . )
( later hymes also [differentiates] audience , since the presence of overhearers may contribute to the specification of the speech event . )

distinguishes between the deictic role of an individual ( which assigns , for instance , first , second and third person pronouns ) and his social role or ‘ status ’ .
[differentiates] between the deictic role of an individual ( which assigns , for instance , first , second and third person pronouns ) and his social role or ‘ status ’ .

The eyes of the male are a uniform dark brown ; a pale-ringed iris distinguishes the eyes of the female .
the eyes of the male are a uniform dark brown ; a pale-ringed iris [differentiates] the eyes of the female .

From the creative user 's point of view , the problem with ‘ lifestyle ’ approaches is that they attempt to generalize , and by generalizing they lose the fine detail that distinguishes habits and attitudes in any individual market .
from the creative user 's point of view , the problem with ‘ lifestyle ’ approaches is that they attempt to generalize , and by generalizing they lose the fine detail that [differentiates] habits and attitudes in any individual market .

Although they were too short in the arm so that his lean wrists protruded like those of an overgrown schoolboy , he wore them with a certain panache , as if this unorthodox working garb , so different from the regulation white coats of the rest of the Laboratory staff , symbolised that unique blend of scientific skill , experience and flair which distinguishes the good Document Examiner .
although they were too short in the arm so that his lean wrists protruded like those of an overgrown schoolboy , he wore them with a certain panache , as if this unorthodox working garb , so different from the regulation white coats of the rest of the laboratory staff , symbolised that unique blend of scientific skill , experience and flair which [differentiates] the good document examiner .

What distinguishes them is the relationship to the text .
what [differentiates] them is the relationship to the text .

In flight have characteristic cigar-shape , due to holding head and neck straight out level with body ; white wing patch distinguishes from divers , and level neck from grebes .
in flight have characteristic cigar-shape , due to holding head and neck straight out level with body ; white wing patch [differentiates] from divers , and level neck from grebes .

He also distinguishes clearly between criteria which qualify a firm 's products to be considered and those which actually win the order .
he also [differentiates] clearly between criteria which qualify a firm 's products to be considered and those which actually win the order .

In stressing the more ‘ reasonable ’ or rational character of African art , Picasso was underlining the quality that distinguishes it most fundamentally from Western art .
in stressing the more ‘ reasonable ’ or rational character of african art , picasso was underlining the quality that [differentiates] it most fundamentally from western art .

The argument is that Lord Diplock 's terminology distinguishes more clearly between keeping agencies within the scope of their power ( illegality ) , and ensuring that the agency does not offend substantive principles which are independent of those in the statute , even if the decision is ‘ technically ’ within the scope of the legislative scheme ( irrationality ) .
the argument is that lord diplock 's terminology [differentiates] more clearly between keeping agencies within the scope of their power ( illegality ) , and ensuring that the agency does not offend substantive principles which are independent of those in the statute , even if the decision is ‘ technically ’ within the scope of the legislative scheme ( irrationality ) .

Where batch production is concerned , the Woodward analysis distinguishes four types of batch production compared with the one type we have described .
where batch production is concerned , the woodward analysis [differentiates] four types of batch production compared with the one type we have described .

The problem of discussing quasi-government is further complicated , as Doig ( 1979 , p. 311 ) notes , ‘ by the fact that there is no one characteristic , or lack of characteristic , that distinguishes quangos or non-departmental public bodies from other organisations in the structure of government ’ .
the problem of discussing quasi-government is further complicated , as doig ( 1979 , p. 311 ) notes , ‘ by the fact that there is no one characteristic , or lack of characteristic , that [differentiates] quangos or non-departmental public bodies from other organisations in the structure of government ’ .

The control exercised by Mosca 's ‘ ruling class ’ is held to be assured by the organisational capacity of the ruling minority : this is the basis of their power and the characteristic that best distinguishes them from the disorganised and powerless majority .
the control exercised by mosca 's ‘ ruling class ’ is held to be assured by the organisational capacity of the ruling minority : this is the basis of their power and the characteristic that best [differentiates] them from the disorganised and powerless majority .

distinguishes between the public authority of the state as distinct from the relationships that prevail in civil society .
[differentiates] between the public authority of the state as distinct from the relationships that prevail in civil society .

On the arctic tundra Tedrow ( 1977 ) distinguishes arctic brown soils on well-drained sites , and tundra soils on wetter areas , the latter grading into waterlogged bog soils .
on the arctic tundra tedrow ( 1977 ) [differentiates] arctic brown soils on well-drained sites , and tundra soils on wetter areas , the latter grading into waterlogged bog soils .

Within the arctic desert region Aleksandrova distinguishes northern and southern subzones .
within the arctic desert region aleksandrova [differentiates] northern and southern subzones .

’ Denying to Louise that he is vain ( December 9th , 1852 ) , he distinguishes between Pride and Vanity : ‘ Pride is a wild beast which lives in caves and roams the desert ; Vanity , on the other hand , is a parrot which hops from branch to branch and chatters away in full view .
’ denying to louise that he is vain ( december 9th , 1852 ) , he [differentiates] between pride and vanity : ‘ pride is a wild beast which lives in caves and roams the desert ; vanity , on the other hand , is a parrot which hops from branch to branch and chatters away in full view .

Stephen Spender divides writers into ‘ contemporaries ’ and ‘ moderns ’ ( 1962:555 ) ; Malcolm Bradbury distinguishes between the main current of fiction and peripheral but nevertheless important work by people like Samuel Beckett , Malcolm Lowry , William Golding , and Lawrence Durrell ( 1973 ) ; and Iris Murdoch draws a distinction between the ‘ journalistic ’ and the ‘ crystalline ’ which delineates similar categories .
stephen spender divides writers into ‘ contemporaries ’ and ‘ moderns ’ ( 1962:555 ) ; malcolm bradbury [differentiates] between the main current of fiction and peripheral but nevertheless important work by people like samuel beckett , malcolm lowry , william golding , and lawrence durrell ( 1973 ) ; and iris murdoch draws a distinction between the ‘ journalistic ’ and the ‘ crystalline ’ which delineates similar categories .

Genette distinguishes parody from other forms of ‘ hypertextuality ’ as that ludic mode which effects punctual and systematic transformations of specific texts while retaining the noble style of the original ( 1982:33–5 ) .
genette [differentiates] parody from other forms of ‘ hypertextuality ’ as that ludic mode which effects punctual and systematic transformations of specific texts while retaining the noble style of the original ( 1982:33–5 ) .

Brooke-Rose distinguishes her novel from the plethora of ‘ fiction about the writing of fiction ’ in that its purpose is to play with ‘ the reader 's habit of trusting the reliable narrator ’ ( 1976k:4–5 ) .
brooke-rose [differentiates] her novel from the plethora of ‘ fiction about the writing of fiction ’ in that its purpose is to play with ‘ the reader 's habit of trusting the reliable narrator ’ ( 1976k:4–5 ) .

Choose underwear that clearly distinguishes the various holes .
choose underwear that clearly [differentiates] the various holes .

The quick-witted will have gone instantly to the heart of the problem : what mysterious attribute distinguishes sport from games ?
the quick-witted will have gone instantly to the heart of the problem : what mysterious attribute [differentiates] sport from games ?

What distinguishes us from Saddam is our superior , perhaps supreme , ability to screen out the death and mutilation .
what [differentiates] us from saddam is our superior , perhaps supreme , ability to screen out the death and mutilation .

We can compare this with a similar attempt made eight years later by Stubbs ( 1983 ) , who distinguishes four main areas of language which teachers should know about if they are to be able to make informed decisions about language problems at school :
we can compare this with a similar attempt made eight years later by stubbs ( 1983 ) , who [differentiates] four main areas of language which teachers should know about if they are to be able to make informed decisions about language problems at school :

It 's what distinguishes all great art from the other kind .
it 's what [differentiates] all great art from the other kind .

It is the capacity to feel , to reflect , to regret , to repent that distinguishes us from other creatures .
it is the capacity to feel , to reflect , to regret , to repent that [differentiates] us from other creatures .

The use of kicks is what chiefly distinguishes karate from Western boxing .
the use of kicks is what chiefly [differentiates] karate from western boxing .

The systems approach is now explicitly used in biogeography and Simmons ( 1978 ) , for example , in discussion of the ecosystem scale distinguishes two approaches that are often made : one which is synoptic and develops from intuitive perception of an ecosystem to studies of ecological cohesion including , where relevant , the significance of human activity ; and another approach which is more analytical whereby measurements are made of the flow and partitioning of energy through the ecosystem and of the cycles of mineral nutrients within the system .
the systems approach is now explicitly used in biogeography and simmons ( 1978 ) , for example , in discussion of the ecosystem scale [differentiates] two approaches that are often made : one which is synoptic and develops from intuitive perception of an ecosystem to studies of ecological cohesion including , where relevant , the significance of human activity ; and another approach which is more analytical whereby measurements are made of the flow and partitioning of energy through the ecosystem and of the cycles of mineral nutrients within the system .

These again have been intensively studied by Bagnold ( 1941 ) who distinguishes between the small-scale sand ripples and ridges and the large-scale dunes .
these again have been intensively studied by bagnold ( 1941 ) who [differentiates] between the small-scale sand ripples and ridges and the large-scale dunes .

’ This distinguishes the criminal problem from the civil , but it sounds like a counsel of despair .
’ this [differentiates] the criminal problem from the civil , but it sounds like a counsel of despair .

Unlike Lacan , Lyotard very rigorously distinguishes between the image-based ( in perceptual memories ) signification of the unconscious and the discursive signification of the ego .
unlike lacan , lyotard very rigorously [differentiates] between the image-based ( in perceptual memories ) signification of the unconscious and the discursive signification of the ego .

There is a growing body of opinion that distinguishes the German action , typified by Stein 's action , from the Viennese action , typified by Walter 's action .
there is a growing body of opinion that [differentiates] the german action , typified by stein 's action , from the viennese action , typified by walter 's action .

Unlike the Canadian scheme , it distinguishes heavily between penetration and other forms of sexual assault .
unlike the canadian scheme , it [differentiates] heavily between penetration and other forms of sexual assault .

The Companies Act 1985 distinguishes between a market and an off-market purchase ( s163 ) .
the companies act 1985 [differentiates] between a market and an off-market purchase ( s163 ) .

Gradually Lok develops self-awareness , and distinguishes between outside Lok and inside Lok ( pp .
gradually lok develops self-awareness , and [differentiates] between outside lok and inside lok ( pp .

In laying down the offences , s20 distinguishes according to whether or not the price indication was misleading when it was given .
in laying down the offences , s20 [differentiates] according to whether or not the price indication was misleading when it was given .

That explanation distinguishes integrity from the perverse consistency of someone who refuses to rescue some prisoners because he can not save all .
that explanation [differentiates] integrity from the perverse consistency of someone who refuses to rescue some prisoners because he can not save all .

If what distinguishes software is something non-physical , and software is in some sense irreducibly abstract , then it falls outside the mandate of material culture and a conscientious museum curator might have qualms about mobilising resources to acquire and preserve it .
if what [differentiates] software is something non-physical , and software is in some sense irreducibly abstract , then it falls outside the mandate of material culture and a conscientious museum curator might have qualms about mobilising resources to acquire and preserve it .

What distinguishes the British Constitution from others is not that it is unwritten , but rather that it is part-written and uncodified .
what [differentiates] the british constitution from others is not that it is unwritten , but rather that it is part-written and uncodified .

Schaar distinguishes between those fragments which possess `` free semantic energy `` , i.e .
schaar [differentiates] between those fragments which possess `` free semantic energy `` , i.e .

What distinguishes one repertoire from another is not primarily dependent on language , of course : subject-matter plays a part , as does age of teller and audience .
what [differentiates] one repertoire from another is not primarily dependent on language , of course : subject-matter plays a part , as does age of teller and audience .

We noted earlier that Piaget distinguishes three types of causal relations : physical , psychological , and logical .
we noted earlier that piaget [differentiates] three types of causal relations : physical , psychological , and logical .

It distinguishes the classes of society not by reference to the contrasted roles of employer and employee , but rather by reference to their usefulness .
it [differentiates] the classes of society not by reference to the contrasted roles of employer and employee , but rather by reference to their usefulness .

The third party response may in fact be what distinguishes consensual and coercive relationships between States .
the third party response may in fact be what [differentiates] consensual and coercive relationships between states .

This aspect distinguishes the arrangement from the typical commercial agency of municipal law .
this aspect [differentiates] the arrangement from the typical commercial agency of municipal law .

It will be remembered that when ( 1.5 ) the pluralist view of style was first introduced , it was associated with a plurality of language functions , as in the threefold functional scheme of Halliday , who distinguishes between ideational , interpersonal , and textual functions .
it will be remembered that when ( 1.5 ) the pluralist view of style was first introduced , it was associated with a plurality of language functions , as in the threefold functional scheme of halliday , who [differentiates] between ideational , interpersonal , and textual functions .

At the same time , he distinguishes the procedure of literacy history from those of the `` natural sciences `` .
at the same time , he [differentiates] the procedure of literacy history from those of the `` natural sciences `` .

They recognize that not every instance of misplaced reliance deserves compensation , but fail to devise an adequate theory of personal responsibility which distinguishes between compensable and unprotected invasions of the reliance interest .
they recognize that not every instance of misplaced reliance deserves compensation , but fail to devise an adequate theory of personal responsibility which [differentiates] between compensable and unprotected invasions of the reliance interest .

Kelsen distinguishes , as ideal .
kelsen [differentiates] , as ideal .

What distinguishes the Gilbert Collection is the wide spectrum not only of techniques and materials , such as goldsmiths ' work , enamel , porcelain and especially hardstone , but also the countries of origin .
what [differentiates] the gilbert collection is the wide spectrum not only of techniques and materials , such as goldsmiths ' work , enamel , porcelain and especially hardstone , but also the countries of origin .

What distinguishes the series of Criminal Justice Acts is the comprehensiveness with which they bring together a range of generally disparate proposals , originating from different sources , bearing on the content of the criminal law , the powers and procedure of the courts , and the treatment ( in the widest sense ) of offenders .
what [differentiates] the series of criminal justice acts is the comprehensiveness with which they bring together a range of generally disparate proposals , originating from different sources , bearing on the content of the criminal law , the powers and procedure of the courts , and the treatment ( in the widest sense ) of offenders .

Goody however attempts to evade the implications of Lévi-Strauss ' argument by pointing out that , ultimately , Lévi-Strauss himself provides a dualistic model of the world : one which distinguishes between ‘ primitive ’ and ‘ modern ’ , mythological and scientific ( Goody , 1977 , pp .
goody however attempts to evade the implications of lévi-strauss ' argument by pointing out that , ultimately , lévi-strauss himself provides a dualistic model of the world : one which [differentiates] between ‘ primitive ’ and ‘ modern ’ , mythological and scientific ( goody , 1977 , pp .

He distinguishes between literate and non-literate societies ; between ‘ restricted ’ literacy and the ‘ full ’ realisation of the ‘ potentialities ’ of literacy .
he [differentiates] between literate and non-literate societies ; between ‘ restricted ’ literacy and the ‘ full ’ realisation of the ‘ potentialities ’ of literacy .

And , in describing the consequences of what he defines as literacy , he distinguishes between societies which employ the notion of ‘ logic ’ and those which do not , between societies with ‘ historical sensibility ’ and those with only myth , and between societies where ‘ scepticism ’ is present involving ‘ deliberate rejection and reinterpretation of social dogma and those limited to ‘ semi-automatic readjustment of belief .
and , in describing the consequences of what he defines as literacy , he [differentiates] between societies which employ the notion of ‘ logic ’ and those which do not , between societies with ‘ historical sensibility ’ and those with only myth , and between societies where ‘ scepticism ’ is present involving ‘ deliberate rejection and reinterpretation of social dogma and those limited to ‘ semi-automatic readjustment of belief .

In order to clarify this Oakeshott distinguishes between two sorts of knowledge , which he calls technical and practical knowledge .
in order to clarify this oakeshott [differentiates] between two sorts of knowledge , which he calls technical and practical knowledge .

We can see the importance of the theme in Bagehot 's analysis of the constitution where he distinguishes between the ‘ dignified ’ and the ‘ efficient ’ functions of the constitution .
we can see the importance of the theme in bagehot 's analysis of the constitution where he [differentiates] between the ‘ dignified ’ and the ‘ efficient ’ functions of the constitution .

He distinguishes between two different types of order , which he calls taxis and cosmos .
he [differentiates] between two different types of order , which he calls taxis and cosmos .

In The Road to Serfdom Hayek wrote : ‘ Nothing distinguishes more clearly conditions in a free country from those in a country under arbitrary government than the observance in the former of the great principles known as the Rule of Law .
in the road to serfdom hayek wrote : ‘ nothing [differentiates] more clearly conditions in a free country from those in a country under arbitrary government than the observance in the former of the great principles known as the rule of law .

What distinguishes government from personal control is its unremitting character .
what [differentiates] government from personal control is its unremitting character .

What has intrigued many Western observers however , is the absence of the strong sense of individualism that usually distinguishes the ‘ liberal ’ element in liberal democratic societies .
what has intrigued many western observers however , is the absence of the strong sense of individualism that usually [differentiates] the ‘ liberal ’ element in liberal democratic societies .

Yet what distinguishes the structure of Japanese industry is not only the high death rate of companies but the fact that even in the severe recession of the mid-1970s , the birth rate of new small firms exceeded the number of bankruptcies by 50 per cent .
yet what [differentiates] the structure of japanese industry is not only the high death rate of companies but the fact that even in the severe recession of the mid-1970s , the birth rate of new small firms exceeded the number of bankruptcies by 50 per cent .

The authority attribute distinguishes lexicographers from other valid users e.g .
the authority attribute [differentiates] lexicographers from other valid users e.g .

One successful dealer distinguishes between his `` dustbin `` clients , i.e .
one successful dealer [differentiates] between his `` dustbin `` clients , i.e .

This is indeed what distinguishes causal circumstances and effects ( and nomic correlates ) from other instances of constant conjunction .
this is indeed what [differentiates] causal circumstances and effects ( and nomic correlates ) from other instances of constant conjunction .

The difference between causal circumstances and their effects , further , is what distinguishes causal circumstances and effects from other things also in nomic connection , which is to say nomic correlates .
the difference between causal circumstances and their effects , further , is what [differentiates] causal circumstances and effects from other things also in nomic connection , which is to say nomic correlates .

Sometimes it is the stress alone which distinguishes between otherwise identical words — refuse/refuse : discount/discount .
sometimes it is the stress alone which [differentiates] between otherwise identical words — refuse/refuse : discount/discount .

The third , from the history department , is more explicit and distinguishes between general reading matter which would make `` browsing … a broadening experience in itself for the children `` and teacher resources ( including teaching packs and reference books ) which would not only stimulate improved pedagogy in the new `` evidence-based course `` , but also permit teachers to foster pupils ' library use by example .
the third , from the history department , is more explicit and [differentiates] between general reading matter which would make `` browsing … a broadening experience in itself for the children `` and teacher resources ( including teaching packs and reference books ) which would not only stimulate improved pedagogy in the new `` evidence-based course `` , but also permit teachers to foster pupils ' library use by example .

But just because her themes are sometimes ordinarily domestic , do n't take her as bland , what distinguishes her songs is the unease so often lurking away in their corners .
but just because her themes are sometimes ordinarily domestic , do n't take her as bland , what [differentiates] her songs is the unease so often lurking away in their corners .

It is the possession of a common culture and the ability to communicate and pass it on to others that distinguishes the human being from other animals .
it is the possession of a common culture and the ability to communicate and pass it on to others that [differentiates] the human being from other animals .

Weber there distinguishes between Erklären , or the kind of causal explanation proper to natural science , and Verstehen , or the kind of understanding proper to social science .
weber there [differentiates] between erklären , or the kind of causal explanation proper to natural science , and verstehen , or the kind of understanding proper to social science .

This largely distinguishes between spouses , who are likely to be men or women , and daughters ( -in-law ) ( 37 per cent ) .
this largely [differentiates] between spouses , who are likely to be men or women , and daughters ( -in-law ) ( 37 per cent ) .

These he distinguishes as signifié and valeur respectively .
these he [differentiates] as signifié and valeur respectively .

Including a review of material already published about women and philosophy , she distinguishes between female , feminine and feminist points of view , and then , focusing on the first of these , she considers how philosophy could or would be affected by the inclusion of more women in its institutional structures .
including a review of material already published about women and philosophy , she [differentiates] between female , feminine and feminist points of view , and then , focusing on the first of these , she considers how philosophy could or would be affected by the inclusion of more women in its institutional structures .

Moreover , Hegel explicitly distinguishes the ‘ natures ’ of the two sexes .
moreover , hegel explicitly [differentiates] the ‘ natures ’ of the two sexes .

What distinguishes these men from their more promiscuous counterparts ?
what [differentiates] these men from their more promiscuous counterparts ?

What distinguishes these men ?
what [differentiates] these men ?

There 's the city 's sprawling badlands where all that distinguishes the housing from the old brick back-to-backs is that they 're further away from everywhere .
there 's the city 's sprawling badlands where all that [differentiates] the housing from the old brick back-to-backs is that they 're further away from everywhere .

That is what distinguishes our lives from those of insects .
that is what [differentiates] our lives from those of insects .

Government recognition of some groups and not others for consultations , negotiations and arbitration , distinguishes corporatism from pluralism ( Harrison 1980 , pp .
government recognition of some groups and not others for consultations , negotiations and arbitration , [differentiates] corporatism from pluralism ( harrison 1980 , pp .

Dr Clark distinguishes this type of ‘ betterment ’ migration from longer distance ‘ subsistence ’ migration , which occurred on a significant level in the century before the Dissolution of the Monasteries and the Civil War .
dr clark [differentiates] this type of ‘ betterment ’ migration from longer distance ‘ subsistence ’ migration , which occurred on a significant level in the century before the dissolution of the monasteries and the civil war .

This distinguishes between the two most common oxidation states .
this [differentiates] between the two most common oxidation states .

Clause 47 distinguishes the region between the Loire and the Charbonnière , the forest which came to divide the east and west Frankish kingdoms , from that beyond those two boundaries .
clause 47 [differentiates] the region between the loire and the charbonnière , the forest which came to divide the east and west frankish kingdoms , from that beyond those two boundaries .

Clearly the subtle substructure of theological argument in the negative tradition which underlies the experiential theology of the Cloud-author distinguishes him from Julian of Norwich whose vibrant sense of the reality of the being of God at work in human nature was born out of her visionary meditative experience focused on Christ 's Passion .
clearly the subtle substructure of theological argument in the negative tradition which underlies the experiential theology of the cloud-author [differentiates] him from julian of norwich whose vibrant sense of the reality of the being of god at work in human nature was born out of her visionary meditative experience focused on christ 's passion .

What is it that distinguishes humanity from animality ?
what is it that [differentiates] humanity from animality ?

The database has extensive disaggregation by country , distinguishes fourteen commodity groups and covers a twenty year span of data .
the database has extensive disaggregation by country , [differentiates] fourteen commodity groups and covers a twenty year span of data .

The current research on financial markets distinguishes four sectors ( private , public , banks and overseas ) and eight asset categories . Once this version is operational and some experience has been gained in running the financial model in conjunction with the main model , the former will be extended in the following ways :
the current research on financial markets [differentiates] four sectors ( private , public , banks and overseas ) and eight asset categories . once this version is operational and some experience has been gained in running the financial model in conjunction with the main model , the former will be extended in the following ways :

‘ Semantic tagging ’ would involve providing each word in a particular text with a tag to help disambiguate its meaning , in the same way as a dictionary distinguishes between , say , ‘ foot-body part ’ and ‘ foot-unit of measurement ’ .
‘ semantic tagging ’ would involve providing each word in a particular text with a tag to help disambiguate its meaning , in the same way as a dictionary [differentiates] between , say , ‘ foot-body part ’ and ‘ foot-unit of measurement ’ .

The inclusion of cryptogamic entries distinguishes this index from the published Kew Record of Taxonomic Literature , and the convenience of knowing that all entries are represented in the Library makes this index very useful to staff , despite its limitations .
the inclusion of cryptogamic entries [differentiates] this index from the published kew record of taxonomic literature , and the convenience of knowing that all entries are represented in the library makes this index very useful to staff , despite its limitations .

The increase of disorder or entropy with time is one example of what is called an arrow of time , something that distinguishes the past from the future , giving a direction to time .
the increase of disorder or entropy with time is one example of what is called an arrow of time , something that [differentiates] the past from the future , giving a direction to time .

The reason why Excel is different is that it distinguishes between a making an investment and borrowing money .
the reason why excel is different is that it [differentiates] between a making an investment and borrowing money .

The Ordnance Survey distinguishes between basic scale maps ( at 1:1250 , 1:2500 and 1:10000 scales ) and derived scale maps ( 1:25000 , 1:50000 , 1:250000 and 1:625000 ) .
the ordnance survey [differentiates] between basic scale maps ( at 1:1250 , 1:2500 and 1:10000 scales ) and derived scale maps ( 1:25000 , 1:50000 , 1:250000 and 1:625000 ) .

The eminent scientist and journalist , Lord Ritchie Calder ( 1963 ) , defined in another context the added ingredient that distinguishes a good engineer from a good engineering project manager :
the eminent scientist and journalist , lord ritchie calder ( 1963 ) , defined in another context the added ingredient that [differentiates] a good engineer from a good engineering project manager :

Mumford distinguishes between three levels of participation .
mumford [differentiates] between three levels of participation .

Hindle ( 1983 ) distinguishes between unusual constructions and true ungrammaticalities .
hindle ( 1983 ) [differentiates] between unusual constructions and true ungrammaticalities .

Human language is much more powerful — so much so that it has been suggested that the ability to speak is what really distinguishes people from animals .
human language is much more powerful — so much so that it has been suggested that the ability to speak is what really [differentiates] people from animals .

Again , like Marx and the elite theorists he conceives the state largely , if not wholly , in terms of domination ; and this ‘ realist ’ view distinguishes him sharply from those social scientists who , while differing about what the role of the state should be ( how interventionist or laissez-faire ) , agree fundamentally in regarding it as an autonomous and neutral body , which arbitrates among competing claims and expresses the real consensus in society that underlies particular conflicts of interest .
again , like marx and the elite theorists he conceives the state largely , if not wholly , in terms of domination ; and this ‘ realist ’ view [differentiates] him sharply from those social scientists who , while differing about what the role of the state should be ( how interventionist or laissez-faire ) , agree fundamentally in regarding it as an autonomous and neutral body , which arbitrates among competing claims and expresses the real consensus in society that underlies particular conflicts of interest .

What distinguishes the institutions is the manner and scale in which this is done .
what [differentiates] the institutions is the manner and scale in which this is done .

Unit trusts are ‘ open-ended ’ and this is one feature which distinguishes them from investment trusts ( see section 4.1.5 ) .
unit trusts are ‘ open-ended ’ and this is one feature which [differentiates] them from investment trusts ( see section 4.1.5 ) .

Their ‘ closed ’ nature is one feature which distinguishes investment trusts from other types of intermediary .
their ‘ closed ’ nature is one feature which [differentiates] investment trusts from other types of intermediary .

This is why he calls the object of his study ‘ narrative discourse ’ , which he defines as ‘ the oral or written discourse which undertakes to tell of an event or a series of events ’ , and which he distinguishes from narrative as series of events ( story ) , and narrative as the act of narrating .
this is why he calls the object of his study ‘ narrative discourse ’ , which he defines as ‘ the oral or written discourse which undertakes to tell of an event or a series of events ’ , and which he [differentiates] from narrative as series of events ( story ) , and narrative as the act of narrating .

And this is what distinguishes the reading of literature from the reading of philosophy which requires that one understands as fully as possible what is meant , and where it is assumed that the writing will illustrate the meaning in a direct and immediate way .
and this is what [differentiates] the reading of literature from the reading of philosophy which requires that one understands as fully as possible what is meant , and where it is assumed that the writing will illustrate the meaning in a direct and immediate way .

It is still one of the great passions of the Old Delhi-wallahs , and one of the many habits which distinguishes them from their Punjabi neighbours in the New City .
it is still one of the great passions of the old delhi-wallahs , and one of the many habits which [differentiates] them from their punjabi neighbours in the new city .

In this it distinguishes between the ‘ intrinsic ’ and ‘ schema ’ aesthetic except for an insistence that depth counter responses be firmly based upon observations of the perceptual surface .
in this it [differentiates] between the ‘ intrinsic ’ and ‘ schema ’ aesthetic except for an insistence that depth counter responses be firmly based upon observations of the perceptual surface .

Summala ( 1988 ) distinguishes between three different types of risk frequently referred to in the driving literature .
summala ( 1988 ) [differentiates] between three different types of risk frequently referred to in the driving literature .

This shows that one of the major factors that distinguishes the films of motorways and bends in roads from those of junctions is that they were rated as having less to see in them .
this shows that one of the major factors that [differentiates] the films of motorways and bends in roads from those of junctions is that they were rated as having less to see in them .

Wimpey Environmental has built its reputation on the quality of its measurement work , and it is this element that distinguishes us from our rivals .
wimpey environmental has built its reputation on the quality of its measurement work , and it is this element that [differentiates] us from our rivals .

( It is , by the way , exactly the implicit reference to an extraction set that distinguishes English superlatives from forms considered broadly equivalent in some other languages , for instance those designated by the same term `` superlative `` in Latin . )
( it is , by the way , exactly the implicit reference to an extraction set that [differentiates] english superlatives from forms considered broadly equivalent in some other languages , for instance those designated by the same term `` superlative `` in latin . )

The beliefs are seen as influencing , at least in significant part , the behaviour in which the members of the group engage and which distinguishes them from other groups who hold different beliefs .
the beliefs are seen as influencing , at least in significant part , the behaviour in which the members of the group engage and which [differentiates] them from other groups who hold different beliefs .

It takes time for pupils to appreciate the complexity of these concepts but this is what distinguishes history from other disciplines .
it takes time for pupils to appreciate the complexity of these concepts but this is what [differentiates] history from other disciplines .

Section 146 distinguishes between remediable and irremediable breaches of covenant .
section 146 [differentiates] between remediable and irremediable breaches of covenant .

Whether you quote or paraphrase , it is important that your essay distinguishes clearly between your own words — your own voice , as we have described it above — and those words and ideas you are embedding in your work which originate elsewhere .
whether you quote or paraphrase , it is important that your essay [differentiates] clearly between your own words — your own voice , as we have described it above — and those words and ideas you are embedding in your work which originate elsewhere .

For our purposes , it will be enough to have a general idea of what distinguishes the Caribbean Creoles from the varieties of British English to which second-generation Caribbeans in London have been exposed .
for our purposes , it will be enough to have a general idea of what [differentiates] the caribbean creoles from the varieties of british english to which second-generation caribbeans in london have been exposed .

Language is made up of units that may be repeated sequentially ( e.g. papa ) or combined recursively ( e.g. Bill saw John in the car ) and so a way of recording competing interpretations is needed which distinguishes between different tokens of the same unit .
language is made up of units that may be repeated sequentially ( e.g. papa ) or combined recursively ( e.g. bill saw john in the car ) and so a way of recording competing interpretations is needed which [differentiates] between different tokens of the same unit .

The existence of two versions of the infinitive poses the problem of their status in the linguistic system of English . Are they distinct forms of the verb or simply variants of a single verb form — the infinitive ? What is the role of the to which distinguishes them on the level of the sign ?
the existence of two versions of the infinitive poses the problem of their status in the linguistic system of english . are they distinct forms of the verb or simply variants of a single verb form — the infinitive ? what is the role of the to which [differentiates] them on the level of the sign ?

This position is echoed by Lehrer ( 1987 : 256 ) , who states that `` to has no meaning of its own `` , by Buyssens ( 1987 : 341 ) , who asserts that it is a `` well-known fact that when the infinitive is used as the subject , the predicate , or the direct object of the sentence , it is normally preceded by a meaningless to `` , and by Andersson ( 1985 : 57 ) , who distinguishes between the preposition to , which has a meaning , and the pure to infinitive marker , `` which only has the syntactic function to introduce [ sic ] an infinitive `` .
this position is echoed by lehrer ( 1987 : 256 ) , who states that `` to has no meaning of its own `` , by buyssens ( 1987 : 341 ) , who asserts that it is a `` well-known fact that when the infinitive is used as the subject , the predicate , or the direct object of the sentence , it is normally preceded by a meaningless to `` , and by andersson ( 1985 : 57 ) , who [differentiates] between the preposition to , which has a meaning , and the pure to infinitive marker , `` which only has the syntactic function to introduce [ sic ] an infinitive `` .

The approach to meaning taken in this study , as mentioned in the Introduction , distinguishes between two states in which meaning exists in the human mind .
the approach to meaning taken in this study , as mentioned in the introduction , [differentiates] between two states in which meaning exists in the human mind .

In attempting to discern what distinguishes the notions of making and causing , it soon becomes obvious that there are many objects which can be conceived as being made but not as being caused : this is true , for example , of cars , boats , bread , plastic , in short anything that is brought into being by a process of fabrication .
in attempting to discern what [differentiates] the notions of making and causing , it soon becomes obvious that there are many objects which can be conceived as being made but not as being caused : this is true , for example , of cars , boats , bread , plastic , in short anything that is brought into being by a process of fabrication .

71 – 2 ) distinguishes two main senses of let , the first of which is described as `` the non-intervention of an agent in an action which has been initiated independently of him/her and has been going on already for a certain time `` , and can be illustrated by : ( 214 ) He would n't even dance with her at Gavin 's party .
71 – 2 ) [differentiates] two main senses of let , the first of which is described as `` the non-intervention of an agent in an action which has been initiated independently of him/her and has been going on already for a certain time `` , and can be illustrated by : ( 214 ) he would n't even dance with her at gavin 's party .

It is rational behaviour with respect to these conditions and their control that to a considerable degree distinguishes reproductive patterns in regions of high and low maternal and child mortality .
it is rational behaviour with respect to these conditions and their control that to a considerable degree [differentiates] reproductive patterns in regions of high and low maternal and child mortality .

Apted distinguishes between three types of browsing : general browsing , general purposive browsing and specific browsing .
apted [differentiates] between three types of browsing : general browsing , general purposive browsing and specific browsing .

The finding of a greater degree of alkaline exposure in the lower oesophagus of patients with complications of their Barrett 's oesophagus distinguishes them from those without complications and poses the question as to the origin of this distinction .
the finding of a greater degree of alkaline exposure in the lower oesophagus of patients with complications of their barrett 's oesophagus [differentiates] them from those without complications and poses the question as to the origin of this distinction .

As noted earlier , the first part of the questionnaire included a short Likert-type attitude scale asking about attitudes towards the Oxfordshire scheme . Open University ( 1982b ) distinguishes between three types of teacher-accountability :
as noted earlier , the first part of the questionnaire included a short likert-type attitude scale asking about attitudes towards the oxfordshire scheme . open university ( 1982b ) [differentiates] between three types of teacher-accountability :

To answer this difficulty , Dr Tipler distinguishes between ‘ proper time ’ , as measured by clocks , and subjective time .
to answer this difficulty , dr tipler [differentiates] between ‘ proper time ’ , as measured by clocks , and subjective time .

He distinguishes ‘ faith ’ from knowledge proper which , as ‘ Philosophy ’ , is divided into ‘ Natural Philosophy ( or ‘ physics ’ ) and ‘ Civil Philosophy ’ ( that which is concerned with man ) .
he [differentiates] ‘ faith ’ from knowledge proper which , as ‘ philosophy ’ , is divided into ‘ natural philosophy ( or ‘ physics ’ ) and ‘ civil philosophy ’ ( that which is concerned with man ) .

The two directions of thought he distinguishes , from effects to causes , and from causes to effects , are discussed by him in terms of resolution or analysis , and composition or synthesis .
the two directions of thought he [differentiates] , from effects to causes , and from causes to effects , are discussed by him in terms of resolution or analysis , and composition or synthesis .

In accordance with the traditional scheme , he distinguishes methods of investigation and discovery from methods of teaching , and refers to the old notions of analysis and resolution , composition and synthesis .
in accordance with the traditional scheme , he [differentiates] methods of investigation and discovery from methods of teaching , and refers to the old notions of analysis and resolution , composition and synthesis .

What distinguishes them from secondary ( and tertiary ) qualities is that they are those features which corpuscles need to have in order to account for all the qualities ( primary , secondary , and tertiary ) of the substances which they make up .
what [differentiates] them from secondary ( and tertiary ) qualities is that they are those features which corpuscles need to have in order to account for all the qualities ( primary , secondary , and tertiary ) of the substances which they make up .

The two important kinds of complex idea which Locke distinguishes are ‘ substances ’ and ‘ modes ’ .
the two important kinds of complex idea which locke [differentiates] are ‘ substances ’ and ‘ modes ’ .

For Locke , the regulation by reason of ‘ faith ’ , or ‘ belief ’ based on revelation , distinguishes it from the ‘ ungrounded fancies ’ , ‘ the conceits of a warmed and over-weening brain ’ , which are characteristic of ‘ enthusiasm ’ .
for locke , the regulation by reason of ‘ faith ’ , or ‘ belief ’ based on revelation , [differentiates] it from the ‘ ungrounded fancies ’ , ‘ the conceits of a warmed and over-weening brain ’ , which are characteristic of ‘ enthusiasm ’ .

What distinguishes Regency houses perhaps most of all is the elaborate use of ironwork , which architects were just beginning to think of using as a matter of course .
what [differentiates] regency houses perhaps most of all is the elaborate use of ironwork , which architects were just beginning to think of using as a matter of course .

Kenichi Imai , an industrial-policy expert at Hitotsubashi University in Tokyo , distinguishes five different types among the newer keiretsu :
kenichi imai , an industrial-policy expert at hitotsubashi university in tokyo , [differentiates] five different types among the newer keiretsu :

But it is their achievements , not their weight , which distinguishes them .
but it is their achievements , not their weight , which [differentiates] them .

The irregularity of the tubes , which become straight near their apertures , distinguishes them from snail shells .
the irregularity of the tubes , which become straight near their apertures , [differentiates] them from snail shells .

Examples of the two major kinds of dinosaurs , showing the structure of the hip bones which distinguishes them . Above saurischian ( Tyrannosaurus ) , below , ornithischian ( Scelidosaurus )
examples of the two major kinds of dinosaurs , showing the structure of the hip bones which [differentiates] them . above saurischian ( tyrannosaurus ) , below , ornithischian ( scelidosaurus )

It is generally accepted by most researchers in the field ( although there is now increasing concern over drought and climate change , see below ) , as is the three-step concept of forest damage , which distinguishes ‘ predisposing ’ , ‘ inciting ’ and ‘ contributing ’ factors .
it is generally accepted by most researchers in the field ( although there is now increasing concern over drought and climate change , see below ) , as is the three-step concept of forest damage , which [differentiates] ‘ predisposing ’ , ‘ inciting ’ and ‘ contributing ’ factors .

’ , but what distinguishes this god — glorious deeds and wonders — is quite compatible with the existence of other gods performing glorious deeds and wonders of their own .
’ , but what [differentiates] this god — glorious deeds and wonders — is quite compatible with the existence of other gods performing glorious deeds and wonders of their own .

So when one producer or studio is responsible for a string of hits , it 's only necessary to find out what distinguishes its operation from that of other , less successful , operations , or what has changed when the same producer or studio hit a bum run , to discover what makes for successful film production .
so when one producer or studio is responsible for a string of hits , it 's only necessary to find out what [differentiates] its operation from that of other , less successful , operations , or what has changed when the same producer or studio hit a bum run , to discover what makes for successful film production .

Here , he surrounds the politics of his imaginary country with darkness , distinguishes between its politics and what might be seen as the antics of bystanders , and concentrates on these bystanders .
here , he surrounds the politics of his imaginary country with darkness , [differentiates] between its politics and what might be seen as the antics of bystanders , and concentrates on these bystanders .

It is how we react to suffering , rather than the magnitude of what we have to bear , that distinguishes one person from another .
it is how we react to suffering , rather than the magnitude of what we have to bear , that [differentiates] one person from another .

If one looks at these persons we agree are ‘ great ’ butlers , if one looks at , say , Mr Marshall or Mr Lane , it does seem to me that the factor which distinguishes them from those butlers who are merely extremely competent is most closely captured by this word ‘ dignity ’ .
if one looks at these persons we agree are ‘ great ’ butlers , if one looks at , say , mr marshall or mr lane , it does seem to me that the factor which [differentiates] them from those butlers who are merely extremely competent is most closely captured by this word ‘ dignity ’ .

In his very influential chapter on ‘ Literary genres ’ at the beginning of his book , The Fantastic , Todorov distinguishes ‘ three aspects of the literary work : the verbal , the syntactical , and the semantic ’ .
in his very influential chapter on ‘ literary genres ’ at the beginning of his book , the fantastic , todorov [differentiates] ‘ three aspects of the literary work : the verbal , the syntactical , and the semantic ’ .

In his return to classical Greek narrative , for example , Bakhtin distinguishes three spatio-temporal regimes which , he argues , still leave traces in contemporary narratives : romance ‘ adventure time ’ , the ‘ adventure time of everyday life ’ and ‘ biographical time ’ .
in his return to classical greek narrative , for example , bakhtin [differentiates] three spatio-temporal regimes which , he argues , still leave traces in contemporary narratives : romance ‘ adventure time ’ , the ‘ adventure time of everyday life ’ and ‘ biographical time ’ .

Conservatism , he argues , is essentially ‘ the persistent image of society as a command structure in which the responsibilities of leadership can be exercised within the framework of a strong State ’ , and it is this ‘ that distinguishes English Conservatism from rival ideologies ’ .
conservatism , he argues , is essentially ‘ the persistent image of society as a command structure in which the responsibilities of leadership can be exercised within the framework of a strong state ’ , and it is this ‘ that [differentiates] english conservatism from rival ideologies ’ .

This is grievous news , grievous not only for this and other universities but for the nation ; for it is a grave national misfortune to be governed by those who do not know what a university is and what distinguishes it from other institutions of learning and study , not to mention training .
this is grievous news , grievous not only for this and other universities but for the nation ; for it is a grave national misfortune to be governed by those who do not know what a university is and what [differentiates] it from other institutions of learning and study , not to mention training .

The Boston text is more obviously an exhibition catalogue , if only because it includes a ‘ checklist ’ of the exhibition , which , ignoring the problematic identity of some of the works , distinguishes between works of art and other items ( books , tracts , pamphlets , etc . )
the boston text is more obviously an exhibition catalogue , if only because it includes a ‘ checklist ’ of the exhibition , which , ignoring the problematic identity of some of the works , [differentiates] between works of art and other items ( books , tracts , pamphlets , etc . )

Construction If the filling distinguishes between good and poor sleeping bags , the way they 're put together is the other main determining factor .
construction if the filling [differentiates] between good and poor sleeping bags , the way they 're put together is the other main determining factor .

Styling outside and inside distinguishes it from big brothers
styling outside and inside [differentiates] it from big brothers

Very much the unsung hero of Mercedes ' 190 range , the six-cylinder 2.6 has none of the cosmetic bravura that distinguishes the 2.5–16 from its lesser stablemates .
very much the unsung hero of mercedes ' 190 range , the six-cylinder 2.6 has none of the cosmetic bravura that [differentiates] the 2.5–16 from its lesser stablemates .

This bold personal style distinguishes her , as it distinguished Lloyd George and Churchill , from other Prime Ministers .
this bold personal style [differentiates] her , as it distinguished lloyd george and churchill , from other prime ministers .

In perhaps one of the most shocking hypotheses ever put forward in the drama , Genet suggests that the only thing that distinguishes the sexual pervert who masquerades as priest , king , or hero from his legitimate social counterpart , is a certain timidity .
in perhaps one of the most shocking hypotheses ever put forward in the drama , genet suggests that the only thing that [differentiates] the sexual pervert who masquerades as priest , king , or hero from his legitimate social counterpart , is a certain timidity .

The significance of using this starting point , outside of the actors ' consciousness , can not be exaggerated , because it set Marx , Engels , and other Marxists on an analytical course which was fundamentally different from other social analysts of their time , and which to a certain extent still distinguishes Marxist analyses from many others .
the significance of using this starting point , outside of the actors ' consciousness , can not be exaggerated , because it set marx , engels , and other marxists on an analytical course which was fundamentally different from other social analysts of their time , and which to a certain extent still [differentiates] marxist analyses from many others .

Here , Davie pays a handsome compliment to one fellow critic by implying that the best of his prose can stand comparison with an eighteenth-century writer 's ‘ sharp and exact delineations of what in one poet 's work distinguishes him from all others ’ .
here , davie pays a handsome compliment to one fellow critic by implying that the best of his prose can stand comparison with an eighteenth-century writer 's ‘ sharp and exact delineations of what in one poet 's work [differentiates] him from all others ’ .

But while the verdict of party members there was inconclusive , more than 80 per cent of them supported moves to abolish the present hierarchical structure which distinguishes communist parties from their Western counterparts .
but while the verdict of party members there was inconclusive , more than 80 per cent of them supported moves to abolish the present hierarchical structure which [differentiates] communist parties from their western counterparts .

The framework developed distinguishes between different ways in which prevention may be understood .
the framework developed [differentiates] between different ways in which prevention may be understood .

However , it is not simply the type of service or resource which distinguishes one form of prevention from another .
however , it is not simply the type of service or resource which [differentiates] one form of prevention from another .

Keeping an upright rig also distinguishes a good funboard sailor since it gives more forward drive whilst sailing and more lift in beach and waterstarts .
keeping an upright rig also [differentiates] a good funboard sailor since it gives more forward drive whilst sailing and more lift in beach and waterstarts .

English law distinguishes between the offences of murder and manslaughter , as we shall see , but the two crimes do have certain common elements .
english law [differentiates] between the offences of murder and manslaughter , as we shall see , but the two crimes do have certain common elements .

What distinguishes this offence is proof of an intention to kill , not the occurrence of any particular harm .
what [differentiates] this offence is proof of an intention to kill , not the occurrence of any particular harm .

What distinguishes suicide from euthanasia is that the former is the individual 's own act , whereas the latter involves the direct act of another .
what [differentiates] suicide from euthanasia is that the former is the individual 's own act , whereas the latter involves the direct act of another .

There is an aesthetic , if we can dignify it with that word , which distinguishes blood sports from each other .
there is an aesthetic , if we can dignify it with that word , which [differentiates] blood sports from each other .

Ruttan ( 1982 ) also distinguishes from productivity-enhancing research another type called ‘ maintenance research ’ defined as ‘ the research needed to prevent yield decline as a result of the evolution of pests and pathogens , the decline in soil fertility and structure , and other factors ’ .
ruttan ( 1982 ) also [differentiates] from productivity-enhancing research another type called ‘ maintenance research ’ defined as ‘ the research needed to prevent yield decline as a result of the evolution of pests and pathogens , the decline in soil fertility and structure , and other factors ’ .

What distinguishes the new novelists from their regionalist predecessors is , above all , their attitude towards the writer 's craft .
what [differentiates] the new novelists from their regionalist predecessors is , above all , their attitude towards the writer 's craft .

In yet another classification , Reid distinguishes between truancy and less serious forms of poor attendance at school .
in yet another classification , reid [differentiates] between truancy and less serious forms of poor attendance at school .

In this way , Portes distinguishes five social classes .
in this way , portes [differentiates] five social classes .

The outstanding feature that distinguishes Hebrew thought from Greek thought ( particularly that of Aristotle ) was the idea of the cosmos as a creation of God that actually had occurred in history .
the outstanding feature that [differentiates] hebrew thought from greek thought ( particularly that of aristotle ) was the idea of the cosmos as a creation of god that actually had occurred in history .

It is this uneven appearance that distinguishes cellulite from neighbouring fat on the tummy or waist which is almost always relatively smooth and uniform .
it is this uneven appearance that [differentiates] cellulite from neighbouring fat on the tummy or waist which is almost always relatively smooth and uniform .

The Epitome or Gaius ' Institutes still distinguishes between legacies and trusts , and even goes to the trouble of explaining what the difference is .
the epitome or gaius ' institutes still [differentiates] between legacies and trusts , and even goes to the trouble of explaining what the difference is .

The European eagle owl sample distinguishes between nest material from broken down and trampled pellets and bones extracted from intact pellets .
the european eagle owl sample [differentiates] between nest material from broken down and trampled pellets and bones extracted from intact pellets .

What distinguishes business in terms of adaptability is the consequences if adaptation , and in some cases rapid adaptation , does not occur — signal failure .
what [differentiates] business in terms of adaptability is the consequences if adaptation , and in some cases rapid adaptation , does not occur — signal failure .

All that is to be hoped is that individual fellows of the society will use this report to press , alongside others less privileged , for an openness , a democracy that hardly distinguishes the Royal Society itself .
all that is to be hoped is that individual fellows of the society will use this report to press , alongside others less privileged , for an openness , a democracy that hardly [differentiates] the royal society itself .

The language of ‘ break even analysis ’ , ‘ down side risks ’ and ‘ cash flow ’ distinguishes the professional from his less competent contemporary .
the language of ‘ break even analysis ’ , ‘ down side risks ’ and ‘ cash flow ’ [differentiates] the professional from his less competent contemporary .

The student identifies different signs and symptoms , distinguishes abnormal breathing from normal , distinguishes between the onset of pressure sores and normal skin , and discriminates between examples of infected , socially clean and sterile dressings .
the student identifies different signs and symptoms , [differentiates] abnormal breathing from normal , [differentiates] between the onset of pressure sores and normal skin , and discriminates between examples of infected , socially clean and sterile dressings .

As when he talks about colour , he distinguishes between the painter 's requirements and those of the sightseer ; so a dry heat may produce an aerial density in the atmosphere very favourable to view the scenery , which if lit by ‘ a cloudless sky will be too general to please the ( painter 's ) eye of taste .
as when he talks about colour , he [differentiates] between the painter 's requirements and those of the sightseer ; so a dry heat may produce an aerial density in the atmosphere very favourable to view the scenery , which if lit by ‘ a cloudless sky will be too general to please the ( painter 's ) eye of taste .

One of the points that distinguishes Green from many of the artists who made prints of the Lake District at this period was the fact that he was one of the few who prepared and drew on the plates and etched the images himself .
one of the points that [differentiates] green from many of the artists who made prints of the lake district at this period was the fact that he was one of the few who prepared and drew on the plates and etched the images himself .

Country risk distinguishes international ( cross-border ) banking from domestic banking .
country risk [differentiates] international ( cross-border ) banking from domestic banking .

Distinguishes minerals development from other types of development under planning control , defines mineral planning authorities , and confers new powers of control on them .
[differentiates] minerals development from other types of development under planning control , defines mineral planning authorities , and confers new powers of control on them .

That is what distinguishes architecture from the fine arts of painting and sculpture “ An artist can paint square wheels , ” Paul Klee once observed , “ but an architect must make them round. ” Architecture , in this respect , is no different than other “ operative arts ” such as cooking .
that is what [differentiates] architecture from the fine arts of painting and sculpture “ an artist can paint square wheels , ” paul klee once observed , “ but an architect must make them round. ” architecture , in this respect , is no different than other “ operative arts ” such as cooking .

That is what distinguishes architecture from sculpture—it is not an object but a place .
that is what [differentiates] architecture from sculpture—it is not an object but a place .

A second critical feature that distinguishes the ordered from the chaotic regime is what happens when the activity of a single gene is transiently reversed .
a second critical feature that [differentiates] the ordered from the chaotic regime is what happens when the activity of a single gene is transiently reversed .

Dennett distinguishes “ Darwinian creatures , ” “ Pavlovian creatures , ” “ Popperian creatures , ” and “ Gregorian creatures. ” A simple autonomous agent , say , a bacterium , is a Darwinian creature .
dennett [differentiates] “ darwinian creatures , ” “ pavlovian creatures , ” “ popperian creatures , ” and “ gregorian creatures. ” a simple autonomous agent , say , a bacterium , is a darwinian creature .

Here are some of the highlights : Giotto breathes a warm humanity into his Madonna Enthroned ( 1310 ) that distinguishes it from the more formal pictures of the subject by Cimabue and Duccio in the same room .
here are some of the highlights : giotto breathes a warm humanity into his madonna enthroned ( 1310 ) that [differentiates] it from the more formal pictures of the subject by cimabue and duccio in the same room .

That ’ s not all that distinguishes Porto Santo from Madeira .
that ’ s not all that [differentiates] porto santo from madeira .

The castle walls — among the best-preserved in Portugal — were modernized in the 17th century and given the characteristic star shape that distinguishes the work of Vauban , the French military architect .
the castle walls — among the best-preserved in portugal — were modernized in the 17th century and given the characteristic star shape that [differentiates] the work of vauban , the french military architect .

He also asked how Medicare distinguishes between prevention and treatment for the purposes of authorizing reimbursement .
he also asked how medicare [differentiates] between prevention and treatment for the purposes of authorizing reimbursement .

They are collected by the Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) of the Department of the Interior , which 47 The partial recognition of associated cost distinguishes interest from rents , royalties , and bonuses on the Outer Continental Shelf and the auction of the radio spectrum .
they are collected by the minerals management service ( mms ) of the department of the interior , which 47 the partial recognition of associated cost [differentiates] interest from rents , royalties , and bonuses on the outer continental shelf and the auction of the radio spectrum .

The final analysis also describes the rule 's impact on covered entities and , like the earlier analysis , specifically distinguishes between urban and rural hospitals .
the final analysis also describes the rule 's impact on covered entities and , like the earlier analysis , specifically [differentiates] between urban and rural hospitals .

The primary factor that distinguishes fraud from error is whether the underlying action that results in the misstatement in the financial statements is intentional or unintentional .
the primary factor that [differentiates] fraud from error is whether the underlying action that results in the misstatement in the financial statements is intentional or unintentional .

It differs from an evaluation synthesis in that special techniques are required to aggregate the qualitative information that often is a feature of case studies and to maintain the sense of the `` instance as a whole '' in its complexity that distinguishes case studies from surveys of several sites .
it differs from an evaluation synthesis in that special techniques are required to aggregate the qualitative information that often is a feature of case studies and to maintain the sense of the `` instance as a whole '' in its complexity that [differentiates] case studies from surveys of several sites .

One element of data collection that distinguishes case studies from other techniques is that comprehensiveness of interviewing is very important .
one element of data collection that [differentiates] case studies from other techniques is that comprehensiveness of interviewing is very important .

What distinguishes a good case study from a not-good case study ?
what [differentiates] a good case study from a not-good case study ?

What Distinguishes a Good From a Not-Good Case Study ?
what [differentiates] a good from a not-good case study ?

This term distinguishes itself from Islamic by the fact that the latter refers to a religion and culture in existence over a millennium , whereas the first is a political/religious phenomenon linked to the great events of the 20th century .
this term [differentiates] itself from islamic by the fact that the latter refers to a religion and culture in existence over a millennium , whereas the first is a political/religious phenomenon linked to the great events of the 20th century .

Despite the mantra that humans share 99.9 % of our genetic makeup , there is increasing interest in identifying the relatively small percentage difference that distinguishes individuals .
despite the mantra that humans share 99.9 % of our genetic makeup , there is increasing interest in identifying the relatively small percentage difference that [differentiates] individuals .

Her impeccable academic pedigree distinguishes Kalima as a rising researcher , and she is one of the few women and African American scientists working in the field .
her impeccable academic pedigree [differentiates] kalima as a rising researcher , and she is one of the few women and african american scientists working in the field .

Antibody probes that specifically recognize this and other cell surface markers ( such as CD8 , which distinguishes that lymphocyte population from CD4 + lymphocytes , and CD3 , which is a marker for all T lymphocytes ) are used to count and differentiate various cell populations .
antibody probes that specifically recognize this and other cell surface markers ( such as cd8 , which [differentiates] that lymphocyte population from cd4 + lymphocytes , and cd3 , which is a marker for all t lymphocytes ) are used to count and differentiate various cell populations .

Its ability to reveal function , not merely structure , distinguishes fMRI from static neuroimaging techniques such as CT scanning , and its capacity to highlight the neural substrates of decisions , emotions , and deceptions has propelled fMRI into the popular consciousness .
its ability to reveal function , not merely structure , [differentiates] fmri from static neuroimaging techniques such as ct scanning , and its capacity to highlight the neural substrates of decisions , emotions , and deceptions has propelled fmri into the popular consciousness .

Unfortunately , we do n't have a clue how a tricorder might work , since life forms do n't seem to have any observable property that distinguishes them from inanimate matter .
unfortunately , we do n't have a clue how a tricorder might work , since life forms do n't seem to have any observable property that [differentiates] them from inanimate matter .

This extraordinary degree of cellular plasticity distinguishes those vertebrates that can replace entire anatomical structures , such as limbs , from vertebrates with more limited regenerative abilities .
this extraordinary degree of cellular plasticity [differentiates] those vertebrates that can replace entire anatomical structures , such as limbs , from vertebrates with more limited regenerative abilities .

What distinguishes his unconscious fetus from someone under general anesthesia ?
what [differentiates] his unconscious fetus from someone under general anesthesia ?

To Arendt , the elimination of the public-private distinction is what distinguishes 20 th century totalitarianism from earlier and lesser forms of oppression .
to arendt , the elimination of the public-private distinction is what [differentiates] 20 th century totalitarianism from earlier and lesser forms of oppression .

A U.S. News report distinguishes among different types of memory loss .
a u.s. news report [differentiates] among different types of memory loss .

This is the more obvious criterion that distinguishes Dole .
this is the more obvious criterion that [differentiates] dole .

What distinguishes Saramago from Borges is his tenderness and his explicit , even obsessive , curiosity about human emotion .
what [differentiates] saramago from borges is his tenderness and his explicit , even obsessive , curiosity about human emotion .

An essay distinguishes between class and status : Class is Old World , assigned and never changing .
an essay [differentiates] between class and status : class is old world , assigned and never changing .

The museum distinguishes itself , they say , by focusing on aspects of Jewish culture other than the Holocaust ( Jews are shown as they might have liked to be remembered , rather than as victims ) .
the museum [differentiates] itself , they say , by focusing on aspects of jewish culture other than the holocaust ( jews are shown as they might have liked to be remembered , rather than as victims ) .

A Newsweek story distinguishes between `` buzz '' and `` hype '' : buzz is `` genuine , street-level excitement , '' while hype is `` propaganda '' created by PR firms and the media .
a newsweek story [differentiates] between `` buzz '' and `` hype '' : buzz is `` genuine , street-level excitement , '' while hype is `` propaganda '' created by pr firms and the media .

What distinguishes Dunlap from his colleagues is that he takes pride in his toughness , expressing only cursory regret for having cashiered thousands of his workers .
what [differentiates] dunlap from his colleagues is that he takes pride in his toughness , expressing only cursory regret for having cashiered thousands of his workers .

He especially enjoys taking a bold public stand against his party : This distinguishes him as a statesman who wo n't sacrifice principles for expediency .
he especially enjoys taking a bold public stand against his party : this [differentiates] him as a statesman who wo n't sacrifice principles for expediency .

The Post distinguishes itself by being the only paper covered here that has an ombudsman who writes a regular column , and today she takes up the issue and concludes that `` deciding not to put that picture where we did would have better served the truth . ''
the post [differentiates] itself by being the only paper covered here that has an ombudsman who writes a regular column , and today she takes up the issue and concludes that `` deciding not to put that picture where we did would have better served the truth . ''

Indeed , what distinguishes psychoanalysis is that it can show us the ways in which a life is not merely the effect of its causes ( biology , parents , etc .
indeed , what [differentiates] psychoanalysis is that it can show us the ways in which a life is not merely the effect of its causes ( biology , parents , etc .

Penn distinguishes these `` values issues '' -- including family leave -- from the `` economic issues '' that supposedly preoccupy liberals .
penn [differentiates] these `` values issues '' -- including family leave -- from the `` economic issues '' that supposedly preoccupy liberals .

Slotland distinguishes itself with the lowest-budget design on the Web .
slotland [differentiates] itself with the lowest-budget design on the web .

Since contributions from foreign nationals residing here legally are allowed , it 's hard to see what -- other than a whiff of yellow peril in this case -- distinguishes them from big donations by domestic interests .
since contributions from foreign nationals residing here legally are allowed , it 's hard to see what -- other than a whiff of yellow peril in this case -- [differentiates] them from big donations by domestic interests .

It is said that the human tongue naturally distinguishes among four types of tastes : sweet , sour , salty , and bitter .
it is said that the human tongue naturally [differentiates] among four types of tastes : sweet , sour , salty , and bitter .

Political theory distinguishes between a hard state ( a state with a relentlessly efficient , perhaps authoritarian , central government and a high regard for Darwinian market dynamics ) and a soft state ( which features messy pluralism and aggravating domestic politics in an environment of at least intermittent concern for the general welfare ) .
political theory [differentiates] between a hard state ( a state with a relentlessly efficient , perhaps authoritarian , central government and a high regard for darwinian market dynamics ) and a soft state ( which features messy pluralism and aggravating domestic politics in an environment of at least intermittent concern for the general welfare ) .

The exact count is unimportant and , at best , spurious , for it is extremely difficult to establish uniform criteria for what distinguishes dialect from language .
the exact count is unimportant and , at best , spurious , for it is extremely difficult to establish uniform criteria for what [differentiates] dialect from language .

A slightly differing pronunciation sometimes distinguishes the gender .
a slightly differing pronunciation sometimes [differentiates] the gender .

German clearly distinguishes Augenbraue eyebrow , Augenlid eyelid , and Augenwimper eyelash .
german clearly [differentiates] augenbraue eyebrow , augenlid eyelid , and augenwimper eyelash .

It also distinguishes upper eyelids ( \ ? \ æltŭÿphal ) and lower eyelids ( dæltiŭÿphal ) .
it also [differentiates] upper eyelids ( \ ? \ æltŭÿphal ) and lower eyelids ( dæltiŭÿphal ) .

Breton , in 1833 , distinguishes between settlers the farmers only and colonists the whole of the free inhabitants , though this may be an academic distinction as John Dunmore Lang in the next year remarks that spirit of irreconcilable enmity to standing timber ... almost uniformly evinced by all Australian colonists .
breton , in 1833 , [differentiates] between settlers the farmers only and colonists the whole of the free inhabitants , though this may be an academic distinction as john dunmore lang in the next year remarks that spirit of irreconcilable enmity to standing timber ... almost uniformly evinced by all australian colonists .

You see it is the element of persuasion that distinguishes the Foregone Conclusion from the false premise .
you see it is the element of persuasion that [differentiates] the foregone conclusion from the false premise .

This term distinguishes such programs from the more common type , for example , calculating a flight path based on weather predictions for use later in the day .
this term [differentiates] such programs from the more common type , for example , calculating a flight path based on weather predictions for use later in the day .

