hear that Patricia Murphy flies up to St. John's Newfoundland , next Sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at Memorial University honoring distinguished sons and daughters of the island province .
hear that patricia murphy flies up to st. john's newfoundland , next sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at memorial university honoring [differentiated] sons and daughters of the island province .

The pattern here pictured is clearly not peculiar to Notre Dame : it is simply that the paradox involved in this kind of control of the institution by `` the organization which actually owns '' it , becomes more obvious where there is a larger and more distinguished `` outside '' faculty .
the pattern here pictured is clearly not peculiar to notre dame : it is simply that the paradox involved in this kind of control of the institution by `` the organization which actually owns '' it , becomes more obvious where there is a larger and more [differentiated] `` outside '' faculty .

The removal of Stalin's body from the mausoleum he shared with Lenin to less distinguished quarters in the Kremlin wall is not unprecedented in history .
the removal of stalin's body from the mausoleum he shared with lenin to less [differentiated] quarters in the kremlin wall is not unprecedented in history .

But they were not what distinguished his performance .
but they were not what [differentiated] his performance .

No doubt the underlying idea was to show that for all the elegance and artistry that have distinguished its presentations thus far , it too could give a circus if it pleased .
no doubt the underlying idea was to show that for all the elegance and artistry that have [differentiated] its presentations thus far , it too could give a circus if it pleased .

There are some passages in the writings of Irenaeus where the image of God and the similitude are sharply distinguished , so most notably in the statement : `` If the ( Holy ) Spirit is absent from the soul , such a man is indeed of an animal nature ; ;
there are some passages in the writings of irenaeus where the image of god and the similitude are sharply [differentiated] , so most notably in the statement : `` if the ( holy ) spirit is absent from the soul , such a man is indeed of an animal nature ; ;

If this aspect of death as punishment is not distinguished from the idea of death as natural termination , the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the Creator .
if this aspect of death as punishment is not [differentiated] from the idea of death as natural termination , the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the creator .

In spite of this , many universities offer adequate and even distinguished courses in the subject .
in spite of this , many universities offer adequate and even [differentiated] courses in the subject .

In the early 1950's , Smith , together with his distinguished colleague , George Trager ( so austerely academic he sometimes fights his own evident charm ) , and a third man with the engaging name of Birdwhistell ( Ray ) , agreed on some basic premises about the three-part process that makes communication : ( 1 ) words or language ( 2 ) paralanguage , a set of phenomena including laughing , weeping , voice breaks , and `` tone '' of voice , and ( 3 ) kinesics , the technical name for gestures , facial expressions , and body shifts -- nodding or shaking the head , `` talking '' with one's hands , et cetera .
in the early 1950's , smith , together with his [differentiated] colleague , george trager ( so austerely academic he sometimes fights his own evident charm ) , and a third man with the engaging name of birdwhistell ( ray ) , agreed on some basic premises about the three-part process that makes communication : ( 1 ) words or language ( 2 ) paralanguage , a set of phenomena including laughing , weeping , voice breaks , and `` tone '' of voice , and ( 3 ) kinesics , the technical name for gestures , facial expressions , and body shifts -- nodding or shaking the head , `` talking '' with one's hands , et cetera .

Now a distinguished old man called on nine divinities to come and join us .
now a [differentiated] old man called on nine divinities to come and join us .

And at his last commencement , in that year , Dr. Tucker and Dartmouth were honored by the presence of distinguished academic visitors attesting to the new stature of the college .
and at his last commencement , in that year , dr. tucker and dartmouth were honored by the presence of [differentiated] academic visitors attesting to the new stature of the college .

However , three distinguished associated graduate schools offer professional curriculums -- the Dartmouth Medical School ( third oldest in the country and founded in 1797 ) , the Thayer School of Engineering , and the Amos Tuck School of Business Administration .
however , three [differentiated] associated graduate schools offer professional curriculums -- the dartmouth medical school ( third oldest in the country and founded in 1797 ) , the thayer school of engineering , and the amos tuck school of business administration .

There is reason to suppose that Lucy would have made a record as publicly distinguished as her brother had it not been that her mother's death occurred just as she was about to enter college .
there is reason to suppose that lucy would have made a record as publicly [differentiated] as her brother had it not been that her mother's death occurred just as she was about to enter college .

As a matter of fact , Albert S. Flint expressed his conviction that `` her physical strength , her mental power , her lively interest in all objects about her and her readiness to serve her fellow beings '' would have led her `` to a distinguished career amongst the noted women of this country '' .
as a matter of fact , albert s. flint expressed his conviction that `` her physical strength , her mental power , her lively interest in all objects about her and her readiness to serve her fellow beings '' would have led her `` to a [differentiated] career amongst the noted women of this country '' .

An animal with distinct coloration , or other marks easily distinguished and remembered by the owner and his riders , was sometimes used as a `` marker '' .
an animal with distinct coloration , or other marks easily [differentiated] and remembered by the owner and his riders , was sometimes used as a `` marker '' .

Michelangelo was the most distinguished of several noted architects who helped design it .
michelangelo was the most [differentiated] of several noted architects who helped design it .

I was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to N. V. Peale ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the European Middle Ages , one in American history , and one in the Far East ) , and I asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( Francis Thompson's words for the Hound Of Heaven's Pursuit ) by judicial fiat .
i was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to n. v. peale ) with three [differentiated] historians ( one specializing in the european middle ages , one in american history , and one in the far east ) , and i asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic instancy '' ( francis thompson's words for the hound of heaven's pursuit ) by judicial fiat .

Joseph Jastrow , the younger son of the distinguished rabbi , Marcus Jastrow , was a friendly , round-faced fellow with a little mustache , whose field was psychology , and who was also a punster and a jolly tease .
joseph jastrow , the younger son of the [differentiated] rabbi , marcus jastrow , was a friendly , round-faced fellow with a little mustache , whose field was psychology , and who was also a punster and a jolly tease .

In accounting for realism or distortion two sets of factors can be usefully distinguished : current intelligence ; ;
in accounting for realism or distortion two sets of factors can be usefully [differentiated] : current intelligence ; ;

One might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning .
one might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the literatures , must center on characterizations of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be [differentiated] from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in fashioning .

After all , Shelley is no `` orthodox '' or Hellenic Platonist , and even his `` romantic '' Platonism can be distinguished from that of his contemporaries .
after all , shelley is no `` orthodox '' or hellenic platonist , and even his `` romantic '' platonism can be [differentiated] from that of his contemporaries .

Lincoln mentioned their distinguished ability , courage and perseverance .
lincoln mentioned their [differentiated] ability , courage and perseverance .

Then there were the distinguished foreign volunteers .
then there were the [differentiated] foreign volunteers .

Mando , pleading her cause , must have said that Dr. Brown was the most distinguished physician in the United States of America , for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicating the irregularity of his pulse .
mando , pleading her cause , must have said that dr. brown was the most [differentiated] physician in the united states of america , for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicating the irregularity of his pulse .

On July 20 , the first drawing of numbers occurred in the Senate Office Building before a distinguished group of congressmen and high Army officers .
on july 20 , the first drawing of numbers occurred in the senate office building before a [differentiated] group of congressmen and high army officers .

In a recent book called `` World Peace Through World Law '' , two distinguished lawyers , Grenville Clark and Louis Sohn , call for just such an overhaul of the U.N. , basing their case on the world-wide fear of a nuclear holocaust .
in a recent book called `` world peace through world law '' , two [differentiated] lawyers , grenville clark and louis sohn , call for just such an overhaul of the u.n. , basing their case on the world-wide fear of a nuclear holocaust .

It is a matter of deep personal satisfaction for me to add my voice to the great and distinguished chorus of my colleagues in this paean of praise , respect , and affection for Speaker Sam Rayburn .
it is a matter of deep personal satisfaction for me to add my voice to the great and [differentiated] chorus of my colleagues in this paean of praise , respect , and affection for speaker sam rayburn .

Arthur Hays Sulzberger has been a distinguished publisher of this distinguished newspaper and it is fitting that we take due notice of his major contribution to American journalism on the occasion of his retirement .
arthur hays sulzberger has been a [differentiated] publisher of this [differentiated] newspaper and it is fitting that we take due notice of his major contribution to american journalism on the occasion of his retirement .

I should like at this time , Mr. Speaker , to pay warm tribute to Arthur Hays Sulzberger and Charles Merz on the occasion of their retirement from distinguished careers in American journalism .
i should like at this time , mr. speaker , to pay warm tribute to arthur hays sulzberger and charles merz on the occasion of their retirement from [differentiated] careers in american journalism .

This specific fluorescence was readily distinguished from the light green nonspecific fluorescence in consecutive sections stained with 1 : 10 dilution of NS and Af or with Af alone .
this specific fluorescence was readily [differentiated] from the light green nonspecific fluorescence in consecutive sections stained with 1 : 10 dilution of ns and af or with af alone .

Furthermore , it may be possible to estimate the error due to bias in method ( as distinguished from sampling error ) in each of these sources , on such subjects as fertility , mortality , and migration during a given interval by using information from two largely independent sources in conjunction .
furthermore , it may be possible to estimate the error due to bias in method ( as [differentiated] from sampling error ) in each of these sources , on such subjects as fertility , mortality , and migration during a given interval by using information from two largely independent sources in conjunction .

Despite the opposition of the city newspapers , the Pratt Hall meeting `` brought together a very respectable audience , composed in part of those who had been distinguished for years for their radical views upon the subject of slavery , of many of our colored citizens , and of those who were attracted to the place by the novelty of such a gathering '' .
despite the opposition of the city newspapers , the pratt hall meeting `` brought together a very respectable audience , composed in part of those who had been [differentiated] for years for their radical views upon the subject of slavery , of many of our colored citizens , and of those who were attracted to the place by the novelty of such a gathering '' .

Uninhibited lyricism should be distinguished from its exact opposite -- the sterile , extraneous invention of the corn-belt metaphysicals , or present blight of poetic professors .
uninhibited lyricism should be [differentiated] from its exact opposite -- the sterile , extraneous invention of the corn-belt metaphysicals , or present blight of poetic professors .

To the extent that a language is formulaic , its individual components must be regarded as no more distinguished than other cliches .
to the extent that a language is formulaic , its individual components must be regarded as no more [differentiated] than other cliches .

The photocathode sensitivities S , phosphor efficiencies P , and anode potentials V of the individual stages shall be distinguished by means of subscripts 1 , and 2 , in the text , where required .
the photocathode sensitivities s , phosphor efficiencies p , and anode potentials v of the individual stages shall be [differentiated] by means of subscripts 1 , and 2 , in the text , where required .

Mr. Christiansen knows that a soldier will get the Distinguished Service Medal for conduct that would land him in prison for life or the electric chair as a civilian .
mr. christiansen knows that a soldier will get the [differentiated] service medal for conduct that would land him in prison for life or the electric chair as a civilian .

For it is such a distinguished place , with such fine works of art and such a big library , that there can be little doubt but that the owner has become depraved by all this culture .
for it is such a [differentiated] place , with such fine works of art and such a big library , that there can be little doubt but that the owner has become depraved by all this culture .

Mark stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water , which , there being no moon out , at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars .
mark stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water , which , there being no moon out , at first could be [differentiated] from the sky only by an absence of stars .

Mercer thought that she looked very distinguished and charming .
mercer thought that she looked very [differentiated] and charming .

The haughty white girl turned to a distinguished , hawk-faced man standing at her side and murmured : `` Look at your watch , Col. Garvier .
the haughty white girl turned to a [differentiated] , hawk-faced man standing at her side and murmured : `` look at your watch , col. garvier .

The husbands of these women and others I had met in Catatonia were distinguished only in that they were , to me at least , indistinguishable .
the husbands of these women and others i had met in catatonia were [differentiated] only in that they were , to me at least , indistinguishable .

At fifty five Mr Pacey has had a full and distinguished career in the police force .
at fifty five mr pacey has had a full and [differentiated] career in the police force .

The general election marks the end of some distinguished political careers.Five Central South MPs will not be standing this time round , including two former top Conservatives .
the general election marks the end of some [differentiated] political careers.five central south mps will not be standing this time round , including two former top conservatives .

It might not boast the Dreaming Spires of its illustrious near neighbour , but now Swindon hopes it too can become a distinguished seat of learning .
it might not boast the dreaming spires of its illustrious near neighbour , but now swindon hopes it too can become a [differentiated] seat of learning .

He is a most distinguished Mozartian , and this year is recording all 27 of the piano concertos for Chandos Records .
he is a most [differentiated] mozartian , and this year is recording all 27 of the piano concertos for chandos records .

We have invited this year 's distinguished speaker , but can not announce the name until the visit is fully confirmed ( likely in September ) .
we have invited this year 's [differentiated] speaker , but can not announce the name until the visit is fully confirmed ( likely in september ) .

This is the first in a series of six masterclasses , initiated by the Arts Council of Northern Ireland and Queen 's University in association with the Festival , to be given by the distinguished Russian pianist , Nikolai Demidenko .
this is the first in a series of six masterclasses , initiated by the arts council of northern ireland and queen 's university in association with the festival , to be given by the [differentiated] russian pianist , nikolai demidenko .

She 's a very old lady , distinguished looking .
she 's a very old lady , [differentiated] looking .

Hence the streets are paved with deep slabbed drains , houses plastered with stencilled reliefs of the saints and the old Mercat Cross distinguished from the present day Cross by Christ crucified in place of the later unicorn at the top .
hence the streets are paved with deep slabbed drains , houses plastered with stencilled reliefs of the saints and the old mercat cross [differentiated] from the present day cross by christ crucified in place of the later unicorn at the top .

They clearly distinguished between stealing from shops and stealing from houses .
they clearly [differentiated] between stealing from shops and stealing from houses .

On the surface , it all seems very distinguished .
on the surface , it all seems very [differentiated] .

But that same caution which has distinguished Sir Geoffrey 's ten-year career at Kingfisher is likely to restrain further expansion in Europe — another key reason for yesterday 's bid — until the opportunities have been exhaustively examined and the markets thoroughly tested , and that could take another four years .
but that same caution which has [differentiated] sir geoffrey 's ten-year career at kingfisher is likely to restrain further expansion in europe — another key reason for yesterday 's bid — until the opportunities have been exhaustively examined and the markets thoroughly tested , and that could take another four years .

Another partner , Mr Tim Haggie , has distinguished himself in sporting circles .
another partner , mr tim haggie , has [differentiated] himself in sporting circles .

Geraldine Percy ended the male domination at the Mechanic 's Institute club , in Skinnergate , by applying for membership alongside the distinguished gentlemen who maintain the 150-year-old traditions .
geraldine percy ended the male domination at the mechanic 's institute club , in skinnergate , by applying for membership alongside the [differentiated] gentlemen who maintain the 150-year-old traditions .

Last night , Ian Lang , Secretary of State for Scotland , said : ‘ Michael Clark Hutchison was a distinguished parliamentarian and a distinguished man who will be very sadly missed . ’
last night , ian lang , secretary of state for scotland , said : ‘ michael clark hutchison was a [differentiated] parliamentarian and a [differentiated] man who will be very sadly missed . ’

One of the other important factors which helped Hastings attain the most distinguished accolade in British rugby was his relationship with Lions ' coach Ian McGeechan .
one of the other important factors which helped hastings attain the most [differentiated] accolade in british rugby was his relationship with lions ' coach ian mcgeechan .

The team that was made up of the remnants from Roxburgh 's original squad — and three of those conscripted to compensate for nine weekend call-offs — distinguished themselves at Ibrox and none more so than Duncan Ferguson , of Dundee United .
the team that was made up of the remnants from roxburgh 's original squad — and three of those conscripted to compensate for nine weekend call-offs — [differentiated] themselves at ibrox and none more so than duncan ferguson , of dundee united .

The Roman Catholic Church is distinguished by its hierarchical nature and its insistence that tradition , and the papal interpretation of God 's will , is as important as scripture .
the roman catholic church is [differentiated] by its hierarchical nature and its insistence that tradition , and the papal interpretation of god 's will , is as important as scripture .

He was born in India , the son of a father with a distinguished military career in the Gurkhas , and was brought up in what was Rhodesia .
he was born in india , the son of a father with a [differentiated] military career in the gurkhas , and was brought up in what was rhodesia .

Witness to this are the large numbers worldwide who came to Glasgow to work with him and who are now distinguished practitioners in their own right .
witness to this are the large numbers worldwide who came to glasgow to work with him and who are now [differentiated] practitioners in their own right .

Among her large and varied number of friends were several of the most distinguished historians of our time .
among her large and varied number of friends were several of the most [differentiated] historians of our time .

Sir Alastair Currie writes : George Montgomery was nationally and internationally respected for his distinguished contributions to pathology and medicine .
sir alastair currie writes : george montgomery was nationally and internationally respected for his [differentiated] contributions to pathology and medicine .

Dangerfield has earned itself a distinguished place in the history of British textile production .
dangerfield has earned itself a [differentiated] place in the history of british textile production .

Of the four brothers who went to war , only Thomas Bradford , who won a Distinguished Service Order , survived and returned to County Durham to live a full life until his death aged 80 in 1966 .
of the four brothers who went to war , only thomas bradford , who won a [differentiated] service order , survived and returned to county durham to live a full life until his death aged 80 in 1966 .

And there are fears that veteran lock Terry Roberts 's distinguished career could be ended by a back injury .
and there are fears that veteran lock terry roberts 's [differentiated] career could be ended by a back injury .

‘ Michael 's getting my vote , ’ said one distinguished looking lady .
‘ michael 's getting my vote , ’ said one [differentiated] looking lady .

‘ The history of prison literature is distinguished .
‘ the history of prison literature is [differentiated] .

It was Tebbit , of course , who perpetrated one of the most breathtakingly vicious attacks of all on Rushdie , calling this most distinguished of writers , a British citizen for over 25 years , ‘ an impertinent , whining guest , an outstanding villain ’ .
it was tebbit , of course , who perpetrated one of the most breathtakingly vicious attacks of all on rushdie , calling this most [differentiated] of writers , a british citizen for over 25 years , ‘ an impertinent , whining guest , an outstanding villain ’ .

‘ The history of prison literature is very distinguished .
‘ the history of prison literature is very [differentiated] .

In young Rosemary Joshua ( who so distinguished herself recently in Princess Ida ) this production finds a capital Norina , sprightly , stylish and with an exceptional command of coloratura , dead accurate , expressive and always easy on the ear .
in young rosemary joshua ( who so [differentiated] herself recently in princess ida ) this production finds a capital norina , sprightly , stylish and with an exceptional command of coloratura , dead accurate , expressive and always easy on the ear .

But attention was expected to centre on Sir Anthony , currently enjoying one of the best periods of his distinguished acting career .
but attention was expected to centre on sir anthony , currently enjoying one of the best periods of his [differentiated] acting career .

Since the prize was first announced , a panel of distinguished people has been involved in the delicate task of choosing the first recipient .
since the prize was first announced , a panel of [differentiated] people has been involved in the delicate task of choosing the first recipient .

Yet the inspiration for a distinguished county career was not provided in Oak Leaf territory but from a rather ‘ alien ’ source .
yet the inspiration for a [differentiated] county career was not provided in oak leaf territory but from a rather ‘ alien ’ source .

Fred Levison had the help of several distinguished Ministers , and in John Page 's case , surely a distinguished Minister-to-be .
fred levison had the help of several [differentiated] ministers , and in john page 's case , surely a [differentiated] minister-to-be .

For several years he has been a helper , and having decided to return to Birmingham where he had a distinguished career as a teacher of English , he resolved to give us the greater part of the library , collected over many years by himself and his late wife .
for several years he has been a helper , and having decided to return to birmingham where he had a [differentiated] career as a teacher of english , he resolved to give us the greater part of the library , collected over many years by himself and his late wife .

Two distinguished and academic scientists called Mr Bensington and Professor Redwood were the creators of the food in ‘ The Food of the Gods ’ .
two [differentiated] and academic scientists called mr bensington and professor redwood were the creators of the food in ‘ the food of the gods ’ .

The increased general level of international competition , which may have eroded profit margins in all the countries concerned , must be distinguished from sudden shifts in the relative competitiveness of individual countries .
the increased general level of international competition , which may have eroded profit margins in all the countries concerned , must be [differentiated] from sudden shifts in the relative competitiveness of individual countries .

One of the things that distinguished Belmodes from its rivals was the small chain of shops Rose herself had launched .
one of the things that [differentiated] belmodes from its rivals was the small chain of shops rose herself had launched .

First known as a Romantic painter of German landscape , he also distinguished himself as a set designer , an architect and a designer of churches .
first known as a romantic painter of german landscape , he also [differentiated] himself as a set designer , an architect and a designer of churches .

These distinguished prints are divided into eight parts , ranging through The Poor in Paris , Manet and Spain , Paris Spectacle , Olympia , Portraits , War and Commune ( referring to the FrancoPrussian war of 1871–2 ) , Japonisme ( the theme of an exhibition in Sunderland a year or two ago ) and La Parisienne .
these [differentiated] prints are divided into eight parts , ranging through the poor in paris , manet and spain , paris spectacle , olympia , portraits , war and commune ( referring to the francoprussian war of 1871–2 ) , japonisme ( the theme of an exhibition in sunderland a year or two ago ) and la parisienne .

During the late sixties he painted portraits of a number of distinguished folk , and , here , for good measure , are John Betjeman , before he became Poet Laureate , David Jacobs and Harry Secombe .
during the late sixties he painted portraits of a number of [differentiated] folk , and , here , for good measure , are john betjeman , before he became poet laureate , david jacobs and harry secombe .

Lieutenant Colonel Bob Stewart , the Cheshires ' colourful commanding officer , whose marital rift hit the headlines last month , was awarded the Distinguished Service Order .
lieutenant colonel bob stewart , the cheshires ' colourful commanding officer , whose marital rift hit the headlines last month , was awarded the [differentiated] service order .

It will be Lt Col Stewart 's first public appearance since it was announced that he has been awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his courage and leadership during his tour of duty in Bosnia .
it will be lt col stewart 's first public appearance since it was announced that he has been awarded the [differentiated] service order for his courage and leadership during his tour of duty in bosnia .

It will be Lt Col Stewart 's first public appearance since it was announced that he has been awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his courage and leadership during his tour of duty in Bosnia .
it will be lt col stewart 's first public appearance since it was announced that he has been awarded the [differentiated] service order for his courage and leadership during his tour of duty in bosnia .

‘ It is a delight that this great office of Lord Chief Justice is to be held by a distinguished son of the North-East , ’ he said .
‘ it is a delight that this great office of lord chief justice is to be held by a [differentiated] son of the north-east , ’ he said .

Drama must , perforce , have an ultimate target and destination and that was always the Clarion call to the earlier distinguished folk who trod these boards .
drama must , perforce , have an ultimate target and destination and that was always the clarion call to the earlier [differentiated] folk who trod these boards .

Lt Col Bob Stewart , the Cheshires colourful commanding officer whose marital rift hit the headline last month , was awarded the Distinguished Service Order .
lt col bob stewart , the cheshires colourful commanding officer whose marital rift hit the headline last month , was awarded the [differentiated] service order .

With this class of playing the listener is led to a conviction that at last there may be in due time successors to the distinguished Beaux Arts Trio indeed , in their approach and enjoyment of the music they play there are parallels .
with this class of playing the listener is led to a conviction that at last there may be in due time successors to the [differentiated] beaux arts trio indeed , in their approach and enjoyment of the music they play there are parallels .

But why should Oxford be so coy about a man who may turn out to be one of its most distinguished alumni ?
but why should oxford be so coy about a man who may turn out to be one of its most [differentiated] alumni ?

Judges , barristers , solicitors and court officials packed into court to hear Sir Brian say that Lord Justice Higgins ( 66 ) ‘ made a very important and distinguished contribution to the upholding of the rule of law in this troubled province .
judges , barristers , solicitors and court officials packed into court to hear sir brian say that lord justice higgins ( 66 ) ‘ made a very important and [differentiated] contribution to the upholding of the rule of law in this troubled province .

Presentations were made to two of the county 's most distinguished library users .
presentations were made to two of the county 's most [differentiated] library users .

But McGilligan , who has made more than his fair share of sacrifices in a long and distinguished career in the Derry jersey , frowns on the impinging mercenary attitudes .
but mcgilligan , who has made more than his fair share of sacrifices in a long and [differentiated] career in the derry jersey , frowns on the impinging mercenary attitudes .

Well how do you think he is distinguished from Mrs Thatcher in his approach to Europe ?
well how do you think he is [differentiated] from mrs thatcher in his approach to europe ?

For example , O'Connor and Arnold ( 1973 ) distinguished between ‘ high fall ’ and ‘ low fall ’ ( the former starting from a high pitch , the latter from mid ) , and also between ‘ low rise ’ and ‘ high rise ’ ( the latter rising to a higher point than the former ) .
for example , o'connor and arnold ( 1973 ) [differentiated] between ‘ high fall ’ and ‘ low fall ’ ( the former starting from a high pitch , the latter from mid ) , and also between ‘ low rise ’ and ‘ high rise ’ ( the latter rising to a higher point than the former ) .

The phoneme would still be distinguished from and by being neither alveolar nor bilabial , and would be distinct from plosives and fricatives simply by being neither plosive nor fricative .
the phoneme would still be [differentiated] from and by being neither alveolar nor bilabial , and would be distinct from plosives and fricatives simply by being neither plosive nor fricative .

, , , , , , , , must be distinguished from each other by other features .
, , , , , , , , must be [differentiated] from each other by other features .

In fact , however , it turns out that if we have only the former of these two features , that is , gliding to , all the diphthongs which are ( -gliding to ) can be distinguished from each other in terms of their beginnings , using the features we have already introduced .
in fact , however , it turns out that if we have only the former of these two features , that is , gliding to , all the diphthongs which are ( -gliding to ) can be [differentiated] from each other in terms of their beginnings , using the features we have already introduced .

In 1984 he was given an honorary Academy Award for his ‘ unparalleled record of distinguished contributions to the motion picture art form .
in 1984 he was given an honorary academy award for his ‘ unparalleled record of [differentiated] contributions to the motion picture art form .

America and the Western world expected his experience , energy and competence to contribute to a distinguished Presidency .
america and the western world expected his experience , energy and competence to contribute to a [differentiated] presidency .

Now , as Governor Bill Clinton replaces Mr Bush , it is difficult to recall anything distinguished about his policies .
now , as governor bill clinton replaces mr bush , it is difficult to recall anything [differentiated] about his policies .

‘ Songs were specially composed for her by such distinguished musicians as WSGwynn Williams and Meirion Williams , and she was often referred to as ‘ the second Katherine Ferrier ’ , ’ he said .
‘ songs were specially composed for her by such [differentiated] musicians as wsgwynn williams and meirion williams , and she was often referred to as ‘ the second katherine ferrier ’ , ’ he said .

She sang in front of distinguished personages , such as former Prime Minister David Lloyd George and Dame Margaret , and was a personal friend of Lady Megan Lloyd George .
she sang in front of [differentiated] personages , such as former prime minister david lloyd george and dame margaret , and was a personal friend of lady megan lloyd george .

Making a comeback in the amateur ranks after a distinguished career in the professional game was Ian Potter , the former Warrington , Wigan and Leigh forward .
making a comeback in the amateur ranks after a [differentiated] career in the professional game was ian potter , the former warrington , wigan and leigh forward .

There were few French wars in which the de Castelnau clan had not distinguished itself ; there had been a General de Castelnau under the great Napoleon , and another had been selected by Louis Napoleon to accompany him into exile after the dismal capitulation at Sedan .
there were few french wars in which the de castelnau clan had not [differentiated] itself ; there had been a general de castelnau under the great napoleon , and another had been selected by louis napoleon to accompany him into exile after the dismal capitulation at sedan .

The task fell to the 11th Bavarian Division , a unit that had recently distinguished itself under von Mackensen in the Serbian and Galician campaigns .
the task fell to the 11th bavarian division , a unit that had recently [differentiated] itself under von mackensen in the serbian and galician campaigns .

The attack was led by a distinguished French military writer , Lt-Colonel de Malleray .
the attack was led by a [differentiated] french military writer , lt-colonel de malleray .

Wing-half John was forced to retire from professional soccer with a back injury after a distinguished career with Luton , for whom he played 218 games from 1953–1962 , scoring 16 goals , and then Bournemouth .
wing-half john was forced to retire from professional soccer with a back injury after a [differentiated] career with luton , for whom he played 218 games from 1953–1962 , scoring 16 goals , and then bournemouth .

Hybrid parameters relevant to the three configurations are distinguished by adding a second subscript so that , for example , the common-emitter h-parameters are denoted by , , and .
hybrid parameters relevant to the three configurations are [differentiated] by adding a second subscript so that , for example , the common-emitter h-parameters are denoted by , , and .

Regular shrimpers use home-made nets , which can be two metres across , and are distinguished by a strip of wood that digs into the sand as you push .
regular shrimpers use home-made nets , which can be two metres across , and are [differentiated] by a strip of wood that digs into the sand as you push .

Carl Sagan , the distinguished astrophysicist , suggested in 1961 that Venus could be made habitable to earthlings if it were seeded with blue-green algae , which would split up the carbon and oxygen molecules to glean the carbon necessary for the glucose and carbohydrate diets they would need .
carl sagan , the [differentiated] astrophysicist , suggested in 1961 that venus could be made habitable to earthlings if it were seeded with blue-green algae , which would split up the carbon and oxygen molecules to glean the carbon necessary for the glucose and carbohydrate diets they would need .

Beverly Halstead , a distinguished paleontologist at Reading University who tragically died in April 1991 , said footprint fossils showed that the carnosaurs usually moved around in packs at about two-and-three-quarters mph .
beverly halstead , a [differentiated] paleontologist at reading university who tragically died in april 1991 , said footprint fossils showed that the carnosaurs usually moved around in packs at about two-and-three-quarters mph .

If a worshipper were to make a fetish of his stone or metal image , however , then that might correctly be construed as idolatry , but such an attitude has to be distinguished from the element of sacredness that worshippers often attribute to temples , churches and mosques or to books such as the Bible , the Koran or the Gītā .
if a worshipper were to make a fetish of his stone or metal image , however , then that might correctly be construed as idolatry , but such an attitude has to be [differentiated] from the element of sacredness that worshippers often attribute to temples , churches and mosques or to books such as the bible , the koran or the gītā .

Man may be distinguished from the animal by his capacity for non-violence , but it does not mean that he has shed all vestiges of the animal in him .
man may be [differentiated] from the animal by his capacity for non-violence , but it does not mean that he has shed all vestiges of the animal in him .

By the choice of the term satyāgraha , Gandhi distinguished the non-violent actions of the Indian movement from the passive resistance of the European movements thereby removing the cause of confusion and a the same time preparing the way for a better understanding of Indian aspirations in South Africa .
by the choice of the term satyāgraha , gandhi [differentiated] the non-violent actions of the indian movement from the passive resistance of the european movements thereby removing the cause of confusion and a the same time preparing the way for a better understanding of indian aspirations in south africa .

Her career in movies from the age of seventeen had not been particularly distinguished .
her career in movies from the age of seventeen had not been particularly [differentiated] .

Certainly there was the occasional spectacular apostasy from civilized values , as in the case of Jack Driberg , a Kenya Masai official who went native and then proceeded to a distinguished career as a lecturer in anthropology at Cambridge ; but on the whole the records , in so far as they can be relied on in such matters do not support this view .
certainly there was the occasional spectacular apostasy from civilized values , as in the case of jack driberg , a kenya masai official who went native and then proceeded to a [differentiated] career as a lecturer in anthropology at cambridge ; but on the whole the records , in so far as they can be relied on in such matters do not support this view .

After thirty years of British rule , observed the distinguished scholar-administrator Henry Fosbrooke , they displayed none of the distressing symptoms of that ‘ soul erosion ’ , defined by him as a ‘ deterioration in obedience to existing moral standards , a falling off in observance of organized religion , a lack of purpose in life ’ , which seemed so often to be the result of British efforts to bring civilization to the African .
after thirty years of british rule , observed the [differentiated] scholar-administrator henry fosbrooke , they displayed none of the distressing symptoms of that ‘ soul erosion ’ , defined by him as a ‘ deterioration in obedience to existing moral standards , a falling off in observance of organized religion , a lack of purpose in life ’ , which seemed so often to be the result of british efforts to bring civilization to the african .

Yet nothing could be more surprising than that Sir Frederick Lugard should have been the father of Indirect Rule , a system of administration supposedly distinguished by the judicious delegation of authority .
yet nothing could be more surprising than that sir frederick lugard should have been the father of indirect rule , a system of administration supposedly [differentiated] by the judicious delegation of authority .

Charles Temple almost certainly came to Northern Nigeria with the idea of another Punjab in mind : his father , the distinguished Indian administrator Sir Richard Temple , had been in his youth one of John Lawrence 's hard-riding young men , and it was he who wrote in 1901 asking for his son ‘ to become one of the recruits which Lugard is raising for Nigeria .
charles temple almost certainly came to northern nigeria with the idea of another punjab in mind : his father , the [differentiated] indian administrator sir richard temple , had been in his youth one of john lawrence 's hard-riding young men , and it was he who wrote in 1901 asking for his son ‘ to become one of the recruits which lugard is raising for nigeria .

And when this happy moment arrived , it was crowned with legitimacy , because like many tribal societies the public school was a gerontocracy-an important fact obscured more often than not in the literature by concentration on the oligarchic aspect of the power exercised by favoured groups of senior boys : prefects , athletes , bloods , in slightly differing proportions according to the slightly differing character of the individual schools , but all essentially distinguished by seniority .
and when this happy moment arrived , it was crowned with legitimacy , because like many tribal societies the public school was a gerontocracy-an important fact obscured more often than not in the literature by concentration on the oligarchic aspect of the power exercised by favoured groups of senior boys : prefects , athletes , bloods , in slightly differing proportions according to the slightly differing character of the individual schools , but all essentially [differentiated] by seniority .

Montagu welcomed dissent in India as a sign of blossoming political maturity , and distinguished confidently between legitimate and illegitimate unrest — the latter being that which had for its object ‘ Home Rule ’ , the former that which aspired to political responsibility to the degree the British saw fit to give it .
montagu welcomed dissent in india as a sign of blossoming political maturity , and [differentiated] confidently between legitimate and illegitimate unrest — the latter being that which had for its object ‘ home rule ’ , the former that which aspired to political responsibility to the degree the british saw fit to give it .

Hailey had exactly the qualities required to make an impact at the Colonial Office , not least among them being , as Curtis astutely realized , the prestige of an immensely distinguished Indian career .
hailey had exactly the qualities required to make an impact at the colonial office , not least among them being , as curtis astutely realized , the prestige of an immensely [differentiated] indian career .

However distinguished grey hair makes a man look , most of them would rather not have it .
however [differentiated] grey hair makes a man look , most of them would rather not have it .

Although reported as poor in the Domesday Book , Thwing could well have been an important place in medieval times , the prosperity of the village being a direct reflection of the influence and affluence of the Thwing baronial family , who were amongst the most distinguished and prosperous families in northern England .
although reported as poor in the domesday book , thwing could well have been an important place in medieval times , the prosperity of the village being a direct reflection of the influence and affluence of the thwing baronial family , who were amongst the most [differentiated] and prosperous families in northern england .

On this principle , Dr Elizabeth Evans has worked most diligently in supervising research , and Derek Miller , the distinguished nutritional expert , has made research information and facilities available to us at London University .
on this principle , dr elizabeth evans has worked most diligently in supervising research , and derek miller , the [differentiated] nutritional expert , has made research information and facilities available to us at london university .

This statement , from such a conservative and distinguished authority , certainly puts the idea that dietary fibre is beneficial well beyond the ‘ crank threshold ’ .
this statement , from such a conservative and [differentiated] authority , certainly puts the idea that dietary fibre is beneficial well beyond the ‘ crank threshold ’ .

Identification : Distinguished from Koi by the lack of barbels around the mouth ( Koi have 4 , goldfish 0 ) .
identification : [differentiated] from koi by the lack of barbels around the mouth ( koi have 4 , goldfish 0 ) .

Identification : Easily distinguished from other ornamental pond fish by the lack of barbels around the mouth , elongate shape and short dorsal and anal fin .
identification : easily [differentiated] from other ornamental pond fish by the lack of barbels around the mouth , elongate shape and short dorsal and anal fin .

‘ He 's an American citizen now , but he comes from one of Poland 's oldest and most distinguished families .
‘ he 's an american citizen now , but he comes from one of poland 's oldest and most [differentiated] families .

How much more useful if some of the country 's most distinguished writers , journalists and Shakespearean actors were to decide to involve themselves in community service by visiting schools on a regular basis .
how much more useful if some of the country 's most [differentiated] writers , journalists and shakespearean actors were to decide to involve themselves in community service by visiting schools on a regular basis .

What did break her heart , though , were the accusations that she had ruined the interior of one of England 's most distinguished houses .
what did break her heart , though , were the accusations that she had ruined the interior of one of england 's most [differentiated] houses .

Is it really that long ago since the distinguished figures of Audrey Callaghan , Edna Healey , Mary Wilson and Jill Foot were the sort of women clever politicians were wise enough to marry ?
is it really that long ago since the [differentiated] figures of audrey callaghan , edna healey , mary wilson and jill foot were the sort of women clever politicians were wise enough to marry ?

Handwriting contains many similarly shaped characters which must be distinguished from each other to achieve effective recognition .
handwriting contains many similarly shaped characters which must be [differentiated] from each other to achieve effective recognition .

using small spaces between letters and larger spaces between words which can easily be distinguished by the recogniser , the following was often found :
using small spaces between letters and larger spaces between words which can easily be [differentiated] by the recogniser , the following was often found :

The former Spitfire pilot , who won the Distinguished Flying Cross , just wo n't stay off the road , a court heard .
the former spitfire pilot , who won the [differentiated] flying cross , just wo n't stay off the road , a court heard .

After a distinguished career as a barrister and judge , he ‘ switched sides ’ in retirement to become a leading champion for victims of miscarriages of justice .
after a [differentiated] career as a barrister and judge , he ‘ switched sides ’ in retirement to become a leading champion for victims of miscarriages of justice .

Distinguished specialists in international law have reached a number of quite different conclusions about the legality of the use and possession of nuclear weapons .
[differentiated] specialists in international law have reached a number of quite different conclusions about the legality of the use and possession of nuclear weapons .

These can be further distinguished according to their analysis of the relationship of state , society and economy and can be labelled variously as ‘ realist ’ , ‘ Marxist ’ , ‘ functionalist ’ , ‘ instrumentalist ’ or ‘ anarchist ’ .
these can be further [differentiated] according to their analysis of the relationship of state , society and economy and can be labelled variously as ‘ realist ’ , ‘ marxist ’ , ‘ functionalist ’ , ‘ instrumentalist ’ or ‘ anarchist ’ .

As a reward for its services doubt is distinguished as ‘ critical ’ , ‘ systematic ’ and ‘ rational ’ .
as a reward for its services doubt is [differentiated] as ‘ critical ’ , ‘ systematic ’ and ‘ rational ’ .

The Duke of Edinburgh himself addressed the gathered winners — and there was a further thrill when distinguished actor Ron Moody presented her certificate and badge .
the duke of edinburgh himself addressed the gathered winners — and there was a further thrill when [differentiated] actor ron moody presented her certificate and badge .

It was a distinguished face with the deep-set , widely spaced eyes beneath straight brows , a well-shaped , rather secretive mouth and strong greying hair swept upwards and curled into a chignon .
it was a [differentiated] face with the deep-set , widely spaced eyes beneath straight brows , a well-shaped , rather secretive mouth and strong greying hair swept upwards and curled into a chignon .

In Figure 6.10 the new entrance ramp can be seen , together with a clearly distinguished cycle crossing , the gain in green space and the unambiguous signal — even when seen from the air — of the need for changed driver behaviour .
in figure 6.10 the new entrance ramp can be seen , together with a clearly [differentiated] cycle crossing , the gain in green space and the unambiguous signal — even when seen from the air — of the need for changed driver behaviour .

Distinguished , yes .
[differentiated] , yes .

Pakistan were 209 for 3 , only 46 behind , having lost Sohail to a straightforward catch behind off DeFreitas and Javed Miandad to a falling earth-tremor of a catch by Botham at slip when he edged a bouncing legbreak from Salisbury , a distinguished maiden Test wicket .
pakistan were 209 for 3 , only 46 behind , having lost sohail to a straightforward catch behind off defreitas and javed miandad to a falling earth-tremor of a catch by botham at slip when he edged a bouncing legbreak from salisbury , a [differentiated] maiden test wicket .

Sussex legspinner Ian Salisbury captures a distinguished first Test wicket as Pakistan captain Javed Miandad is caught at slip by the diving Ian Botham , who late equalled Colin Cowdrey 's England record of 120 catches
sussex legspinner ian salisbury captures a [differentiated] first test wicket as pakistan captain javed miandad is caught at slip by the diving ian botham , who late equalled colin cowdrey 's england record of 120 catches

Since he has taken most wickets against Pakistan it is no surprise that a Pakistani , Mudassar Nazar , is Kapil Dev 's Test ‘ rabbit ’ , having fallen to him 12 times . Other batsmen dismissed frequently by him are Allan Border , Graham Gooch , David Gower and Malcolm Marshall ( all 10 ) , Gordon Greenidge and Zaheer Abbas ( 8 ) , Jeff Dujon , Desmond Haynes , Kim Hughes , Javed Miandad and Vivian Richards ( 7 ) : a distinguished catalogue !
since he has taken most wickets against pakistan it is no surprise that a pakistani , mudassar nazar , is kapil dev 's test ‘ rabbit ’ , having fallen to him 12 times . other batsmen dismissed frequently by him are allan border , graham gooch , david gower and malcolm marshall ( all 10 ) , gordon greenidge and zaheer abbas ( 8 ) , jeff dujon , desmond haynes , kim hughes , javed miandad and vivian richards ( 7 ) : a [differentiated] catalogue !

Watson , for years the worth New Zealand fieldsman , distinguished himself when others let themselves down .
watson , for years the worth new zealand fieldsman , [differentiated] himself when others let themselves down .

Lindsay ‘ Dad ’ Weir ( third from left ) and Jack Kerr ( far right ) , the two survivors of the 1931 tour of England , joined other distinguished New Zealand cricketers recently to celebrate the 80th birthday of former Test wicketkeeper Eric Tindill ( centre ) . The group ( l-r ) Is : Merv Wallace , Tom Pritchard , Weir , Tindill , Jack Cowie , Walter Hadlee , Kerr
lindsay ‘ dad ’ weir ( third from left ) and jack kerr ( far right ) , the two survivors of the 1931 tour of england , joined other [differentiated] new zealand cricketers recently to celebrate the 80th birthday of former test wicketkeeper eric tindill ( centre ) . the group ( l-r ) is : merv wallace , tom pritchard , weir , tindill , jack cowie , walter hadlee , kerr

Christmas is a natural time for us to indulge ourselves , free from the constraints of commissioning clients , and as calligraphy lends itself admirably to the creation of ephemera such as greetings cards , most of us have a large collection of those many of our distinguished colleagues .
christmas is a natural time for us to indulge ourselves , free from the constraints of commissioning clients , and as calligraphy lends itself admirably to the creation of ephemera such as greetings cards , most of us have a large collection of those many of our [differentiated] colleagues .

The Croton Aqua Chrono Master , made by one of America 's most distinguished watchmakers , is a world-class precision chronograph for just $ 295 !
the croton aqua chrono master , made by one of america 's most [differentiated] watchmakers , is a world-class precision chronograph for just $ 295 !

His life had not been particularly eventful or distinguished .
his life had not been particularly eventful or [differentiated] .

Both surprised contemporaries , who had predicted distinguished careers for them at University and Court , when they retired into obscurity , Herbert as a country parson , Ferrar as a Deacon and leader of a family religious community .
both surprised contemporaries , who had predicted [differentiated] careers for them at university and court , when they retired into obscurity , herbert as a country parson , ferrar as a deacon and leader of a family religious community .

He was admitted on 6 May , and remained in the care of Dr William Battie , a distinguished physician and a Cambridge graduate who had himself held the scholarship which Smart held after him .
he was admitted on 6 may , and remained in the care of dr william battie , a [differentiated] physician and a cambridge graduate who had himself held the scholarship which smart held after him .

In his collection of essays on genius the distinguished neurologist , the late Sir William Russell Brain , concluded about Smart that ‘ clearly he suffered from manic-depressive insanity or cyclothymia ’ and there is much to support that diagnosis .
in his collection of essays on genius the [differentiated] neurologist , the late sir william russell brain , concluded about smart that ‘ clearly he suffered from manic-depressive insanity or cyclothymia ’ and there is much to support that diagnosis .

Antonio Rowe , in the Halesowen goal , distinguished himself with important saves , particularly during the first 20 minutes , when City were well in control .
antonio rowe , in the halesowen goal , [differentiated] himself with important saves , particularly during the first 20 minutes , when city were well in control .

There are three aspects to the idea of consciousness which need to be distinguished ( Giddens , 1984 ) .
there are three aspects to the idea of consciousness which need to be [differentiated] ( giddens , 1984 ) .

The new industrial centres were , in fact , quite small at first , and as they were mainly out of the way in unfashionable parts of the country , many people ignored them completely ; one or two distinguished men even had the impression that the population was declining .
the new industrial centres were , in fact , quite small at first , and as they were mainly out of the way in unfashionable parts of the country , many people ignored them completely ; one or two [differentiated] men even had the impression that the population was declining .

As that generation went on to personally more attractive or socially more distinguished occupations , the assembly lines there reached out to more distant refugees from poor farming and mining areas and to the erstwhile sharecroppers and other deprived rural workers of the Deep South .
as that generation went on to personally more attractive or socially more [differentiated] occupations , the assembly lines there reached out to more distant refugees from poor farming and mining areas and to the erstwhile sharecroppers and other deprived rural workers of the deep south .

The following pages will give some account of my friendship with two distinguished writers , and of their friendship with each other .
the following pages will give some account of my friendship with two [differentiated] writers , and of their friendship with each other .

’ We had both been participants in the Prime of Miss Sylvia Benton , the distinguished archaeologist who was in Athens in the early sixties .
’ we had both been participants in the prime of miss sylvia benton , the [differentiated] archaeologist who was in athens in the early sixties .

This is a distinguished , elegant book , almost more ‘ Gothic ’ in style than Palladian , with the lunatic old Nanny , the collapsing conservatory , dismembered statuary , and all the cruel vagaries of the English weather : rain drips down the windows ‘ like gin ’ .
this is a [differentiated] , elegant book , almost more ‘ gothic ’ in style than palladian , with the lunatic old nanny , the collapsing conservatory , dismembered statuary , and all the cruel vagaries of the english weather : rain drips down the windows ‘ like gin ’ .

In exchange for overtly racial theories , the new right embraced cosmetic theories of ‘ national identity ’ and ‘ ethnic specificity ’ , which distinguished a similar hierarchy of peoples .
in exchange for overtly racial theories , the new right embraced cosmetic theories of ‘ national identity ’ and ‘ ethnic specificity ’ , which [differentiated] a similar hierarchy of peoples .

Francis Boyle , a well-known and distinguished professor of law at the University of Illinois , has dealt trenchantly ( see accompanying piece , right ) with the legal issues .
francis boyle , a well-known and [differentiated] professor of law at the university of illinois , has dealt trenchantly ( see accompanying piece , right ) with the legal issues .

This urban base once distinguished these movements from such parties in Europe , although extreme-right phenomena there in the 1980s have ( with exceptions ) now taken on some of the distributional features of the British extreme right 's support .
this urban base once [differentiated] these movements from such parties in europe , although extreme-right phenomena there in the 1980s have ( with exceptions ) now taken on some of the distributional features of the british extreme right 's support .

Two main dimensions of control systems are distinguished : the extent to which they are unified or fragmented , and the degree of impersonality of the system .
two main dimensions of control systems are [differentiated] : the extent to which they are unified or fragmented , and the degree of impersonality of the system .

The German companies distinguished less than the British ones between careers and departments for production management and production engineering , work planning and work execution functions .
the german companies [differentiated] less than the british ones between careers and departments for production management and production engineering , work planning and work execution functions .

Many have previous distinguished careers on fast jets in the Royal Air Force or in international long-haul operations .
many have previous [differentiated] careers on fast jets in the royal air force or in international long-haul operations .

Le-eyo was distinguished by an error which mankind has been trying to right ever since .
le-eyo was [differentiated] by an error which mankind has been trying to right ever since .

It no longer has interests in madeira wine , but the name Leacock continues as one of the most distinguished brand names within the Madeira Wine Company Lda .
it no longer has interests in madeira wine , but the name leacock continues as one of the most [differentiated] brand names within the madeira wine company lda .

The College of Art was started as a distinguished contribution to the network of music and art schools and today has the same financial problems as every other higher education institution .
the college of art was started as a [differentiated] contribution to the network of music and art schools and today has the same financial problems as every other higher education institution .

Younger sons went into the British Army , and one became a distinguished admiral in the Royal Navy .
younger sons went into the british army , and one became a [differentiated] admiral in the royal navy .

Babatunde Jose , former chairman and managing director of the Daily Times of Nigeria , a distinguished and experienced journalist and editor , had frequent brushes with the authorities during his long career but understood the problem and was able to appreciate his adversaries ' point of view .
babatunde jose , former chairman and managing director of the daily times of nigeria , a [differentiated] and experienced journalist and editor , had frequent brushes with the authorities during his long career but understood the problem and was able to appreciate his adversaries ' point of view .

Three major causes of poverty can be distinguished in the Bible : first , oppression and exploitation — the typical situation being that of an employer using monopoly power or the use of fraud and violence in order to pay low wages ; second , misfortune , such as the position of widows , orphans , or as a result of accident and injury ; third , laziness .
three major causes of poverty can be [differentiated] in the bible : first , oppression and exploitation — the typical situation being that of an employer using monopoly power or the use of fraud and violence in order to pay low wages ; second , misfortune , such as the position of widows , orphans , or as a result of accident and injury ; third , laziness .

Professor Colin Clark , a distinguished modern economist , is equally unequivocal on this point .
professor colin clark , a [differentiated] modern economist , is equally unequivocal on this point .

Under Section 10 ( i ) of the 1974 Act , running-account credit is distinguished from fixed-sum credit .
under section 10 ( i ) of the 1974 act , running-account credit is [differentiated] from fixed-sum credit .

This force , however , does not affect free will and can not be distinguished from the ordinary operations of nature .
this force , however , does not affect free will and can not be [differentiated] from the ordinary operations of nature .

She was thirty-two , an editor with a distinguished publishing house , married to an investigative journalist .
she was thirty-two , an editor with a [differentiated] publishing house , married to an investigative journalist .

When the distinguished surgeon who had agreed to operate if necessary was told this , he said he doubted if that was the cause , as there was no numbness in my arms , and he would like to see the effect of the blue dye on the lower half of the spinal cord .
when the [differentiated] surgeon who had agreed to operate if necessary was told this , he said he doubted if that was the cause , as there was no numbness in my arms , and he would like to see the effect of the blue dye on the lower half of the spinal cord .

In fact , the next year , 1984 , was to be a memorable one in motor racing , distinguished by an extraordinary battle fought by the two men with all the means at their disposal , but always honestly and intelligently , on the circuit .
in fact , the next year , 1984 , was to be a memorable one in motor racing , [differentiated] by an extraordinary battle fought by the two men with all the means at their disposal , but always honestly and intelligently , on the circuit .

Another thing that distinguished Mario back in the very earliest days was that he always wanted to win at everything .
another thing that [differentiated] mario back in the very earliest days was that he always wanted to win at everything .

Buddhists believe that Gautama the Buddha was the successor to a long line of earlier Buddhas , all distinguished by shrewdness , wisdom , love or sacrifice .
buddhists believe that gautama the buddha was the successor to a long line of earlier buddhas , all [differentiated] by shrewdness , wisdom , love or sacrifice .

All these nationalist aspirations found a focus in Aung San , who had distinguished himself in his university days as the leader of a well-organised strike of university students .
all these nationalist aspirations found a focus in aung san , who had [differentiated] himself in his university days as the leader of a well-organised strike of university students .

Our public houses vary in terms of individual design and construction , but the plans provided are typical of the two types of unit distinguished in the Preliminary Report , and it may be assumed that appropriate proposals will be suitable for other units falling within the same category .
our public houses vary in terms of individual design and construction , but the plans provided are typical of the two types of unit [differentiated] in the preliminary report , and it may be assumed that appropriate proposals will be suitable for other units falling within the same category .

Note that we have distinguished between ‘ direct ’ and ‘ overhead ’ costs .
note that we have [differentiated] between ‘ direct ’ and ‘ overhead ’ costs .

The result was better , but not his idea of a distinguished author .
the result was better , but not his idea of a [differentiated] author .

In Leicestershire their probate inventories show them to have been essentially large-scale farmers , generally working 100 acres or more , sometimes occupying two or more farms extending into more than one parish , renting additional pastures , and with few exceptions distinguished from plain husbandmen by superior wealth .
in leicestershire their probate inventories show them to have been essentially large-scale farmers , generally working 100 acres or more , sometimes occupying two or more farms extending into more than one parish , renting additional pastures , and with few exceptions [differentiated] from plain husbandmen by superior wealth .

in goods should have been assessed on wages or ‘ profits for wages ’ , which were often treated as interchangeable , though sometimes carefully distinguished : in Goldspur hundred on the Kentish border assessments on profits were specified in 1524 , but in the next year the assessments roped in more small taxpayers and divided them into fifty-one on wages , forty-six on profits and seven on goods .
in goods should have been assessed on wages or ‘ profits for wages ’ , which were often treated as interchangeable , though sometimes carefully [differentiated] : in goldspur hundred on the kentish border assessments on profits were specified in 1524 , but in the next year the assessments roped in more small taxpayers and divided them into fifty-one on wages , forty-six on profits and seven on goods .

Little or nothing beyond the holding of a market distinguished the smallest towns from mere villages , for no small number contained not more than two or three hundred inhabitants .
little or nothing beyond the holding of a market [differentiated] the smallest towns from mere villages , for no small number contained not more than two or three hundred inhabitants .

What , more than anything else , distinguished towns of all sizes was a narrow £3 — £9 band which , with a relatively high proportion of assessments upwards of £10 , left something of a gap between , on the one hand , the upper tradesmen , and , on the other , artificers and labourers at 40s .
what , more than anything else , [differentiated] towns of all sizes was a narrow £3 — £9 band which , with a relatively high proportion of assessments upwards of £10 , left something of a gap between , on the one hand , the upper tradesmen , and , on the other , artificers and labourers at 40s .

The capital was distinguished from provincial cities and towns on three counts : it was at least five times the size of any other , almost ten times as rich , and possessed a vastly more complex social and occupational structure .
the capital was [differentiated] from provincial cities and towns on three counts : it was at least five times the size of any other , almost ten times as rich , and possessed a vastly more complex social and occupational structure .

Here the tailors and Merchant Taylors are counted together , though distinguished in the loan book .
here the tailors and merchant taylors are counted together , though [differentiated] in the loan book .

In every case , so far as can be judged , property located inside the city was carefully distinguished from what was owned elsewhere , and so here alone there is no ambiguity .
in every case , so far as can be judged , property located inside the city was carefully [differentiated] from what was owned elsewhere , and so here alone there is no ambiguity .

, and Henry Woodwar 's ‘ lease for years ’ at £1 — clearly distinguished from his own property , which was valued separately at £1 .
, and henry woodwar 's ‘ lease for years ’ at £1 — clearly [differentiated] from his own property , which was valued separately at £1 .

In his influential Le Même et l'autre Vincent Descombes has described the entire history of twentieth-century philosophy in France as a succession of moves which attempt to get out of this Hegelian dialectic : the recent phenomenon of poststructuralism is part of a long philosophical story and distinguished only by what appears to be a certain success , or at least an avoidance of failure to the extent that it has at least managed to keep the game with Hegel in play .
in his influential le même et l'autre vincent descombes has described the entire history of twentieth-century philosophy in france as a succession of moves which attempt to get out of this hegelian dialectic : the recent phenomenon of poststructuralism is part of a long philosophical story and [differentiated] only by what appears to be a certain success , or at least an avoidance of failure to the extent that it has at least managed to keep the game with hegel in play .

The history of madness would be the history of the Other — of that which , for a given culture , is at once interior and foreign , therefore to be excluded ( so as to exorcise the interior danger ) but by being shut away ( in order to reduce its otherness ) ; whereas the history of the order imposed on things would be the history of the Same — of that which , for a given culture , is both dispersed and related , therefore to be distinguished by kinds and to be collected together into identities . ( xxiv )
the history of madness would be the history of the other — of that which , for a given culture , is at once interior and foreign , therefore to be excluded ( so as to exorcise the interior danger ) but by being shut away ( in order to reduce its otherness ) ; whereas the history of the order imposed on things would be the history of the same — of that which , for a given culture , is both dispersed and related , therefore to be [differentiated] by kinds and to be collected together into identities . ( xxiv )

At that time it was officially known as the ‘ Poor Law Institution ’ , although the sick wards there had been distinguished as St. Peter 's Hospital for some years . The two terms are carefully defined in the Act :
at that time it was officially known as the ‘ poor law institution ’ , although the sick wards there had been [differentiated] as st. peter 's hospital for some years . the two terms are carefully defined in the act :

During the battle five Troll Slayers distinguished themselves by attacking and destroying three Trolls which were perilously close to crushing Duregar himself .
during the battle five troll slayers [differentiated] themselves by attacking and destroying three trolls which were perilously close to crushing duregar himself .

Ramblers With very few exceptions , the ramblers are distinguished from the climbers by flowering in one display of bloom and then no more , on long flexible stems that have developed the year before .
ramblers with very few exceptions , the ramblers are [differentiated] from the climbers by flowering in one display of bloom and then no more , on long flexible stems that have developed the year before .

From their own number they chose Bel Shanaar , Prince of Tiranoc , an Elf who had distinguished himself in the war and yet was seen as a voice of peace and reason .
from their own number they chose bel shanaar , prince of tiranoc , an elf who had [differentiated] himself in the war and yet was seen as a voice of peace and reason .

This study set out to examine television coverage of a procession in Chicago in honour of General MacArthur , who had had a distinguished military career in the Far East , and to contrast television 's ‘ unique perspective ’ with the direct experiences of actual participants amongst the crowds .
this study set out to examine television coverage of a procession in chicago in honour of general macarthur , who had had a [differentiated] military career in the far east , and to contrast television 's ‘ unique perspective ’ with the direct experiences of actual participants amongst the crowds .

Dialogue is treated as an actual record of what happened , to be carefully distinguished from the observers ' reactions and speculations .
dialogue is treated as an actual record of what happened , to be carefully [differentiated] from the observers ' reactions and speculations .

Professions are distinguished from trades by the length of training , the depth of special knowledge and by codes of behaviour .
professions are [differentiated] from trades by the length of training , the depth of special knowledge and by codes of behaviour .

From this point of view , professional is not distinguished from amateur by any intrinsic features of the activity , nor by differences in skill , but solely by relationship to the market .
from this point of view , professional is not [differentiated] from amateur by any intrinsic features of the activity , nor by differences in skill , but solely by relationship to the market .

There is a long and distinguished history of studying the visual system using ‘ psychophysical ’ procedures in which variations in subjective visual experience with variations in visual input are studied .
there is a long and [differentiated] history of studying the visual system using ‘ psychophysical ’ procedures in which variations in subjective visual experience with variations in visual input are studied .

For one thing , in the monkey brain it is possible to identify quite sharp boundaries between areas that can be distinguished in terms of the shapes , sizes , numbers , and laminar distributions of their cells .
for one thing , in the monkey brain it is possible to identify quite sharp boundaries between areas that can be [differentiated] in terms of the shapes , sizes , numbers , and laminar distributions of their cells .

For example , the area of the primate cortex that receives the direct visual projection from the thalamus is distinguished by a dense band of white matter in layer four .
for example , the area of the primate cortex that receives the direct visual projection from the thalamus is [differentiated] by a dense band of white matter in layer four .

Its essential features had few clear and unqualified expressions , but it was a civilization which had come to be distinguished from others by the emphasis it placed on the individual , by its increasing separation of social and political institutions , by its material wellbeing , and by its growing rationality .
its essential features had few clear and unqualified expressions , but it was a civilization which had come to be [differentiated] from others by the emphasis it placed on the individual , by its increasing separation of social and political institutions , by its material wellbeing , and by its growing rationality .

This cultural and institutional hegemony must always be distinguished from the more transient political and economic supremacy of European nations .
this cultural and institutional hegemony must always be [differentiated] from the more transient political and economic supremacy of european nations .

Thus a practice is distinguished by a particular mode of production , adapted to its own kind of product .
thus a practice is [differentiated] by a particular mode of production , adapted to its own kind of product .

He was able to use these characters to produce identity diagrams that distinguished and ‘ finger-printed ’ each clone .
he was able to use these characters to produce identity diagrams that [differentiated] and ‘ finger-printed ’ each clone .

Darwin was aware that many ‘ secondary ’ sex differences were evident at birth ( or hatching ) and distinguished between the two categories on functional rather than on ontogenetic grounds .
darwin was aware that many ‘ secondary ’ sex differences were evident at birth ( or hatching ) and [differentiated] between the two categories on functional rather than on ontogenetic grounds .

He distinguished sexual selection from natural selection on two grounds : .
he [differentiated] sexual selection from natural selection on two grounds : .

By 1980 about 3100 human genes had been distinguished , mostly by biochemical techniques .
by 1980 about 3100 human genes had been [differentiated] , mostly by biochemical techniques .

Flamers sprayed at the fracas ; and at last rebels could be distinguished from loyalists , just as it became obvious that the new arrivals on the scene — pink salamanders — were also loyalists .
flamers sprayed at the fracas ; and at last rebels could be [differentiated] from loyalists , just as it became obvious that the new arrivals on the scene — pink salamanders — were also loyalists .

‘ — would you mind confirming exactly how you distinguished yourself by finding us ? Purely for the record ? ’
‘ — would you mind confirming exactly how you [differentiated] yourself by finding us ? purely for the record ? ’

Admittedly , moral theories have a distinguished lineage and a rhetorical advantage can be gained by invoking them , or , indeed , inventing them , particularly if we include , as we should , the world 's religious dogmas .
admittedly , moral theories have a [differentiated] lineage and a rhetorical advantage can be gained by invoking them , or , indeed , inventing them , particularly if we include , as we should , the world 's religious dogmas .

Much of the technical literature on the subject seems to confuse the two sets of questions distinguished in this section .
much of the technical literature on the subject seems to confuse the two sets of questions [differentiated] in this section .

However , there are at least two separate complaints , with differing implications , which need to be distinguished .
however , there are at least two separate complaints , with differing implications , which need to be [differentiated] .

This he derisively referred to as ‘ sociologism ’ and distinguished it from the true activity of sociology , the study of social action .
this he derisively referred to as ‘ sociologism ’ and [differentiated] it from the true activity of sociology , the study of social action .

However , he insisted that this could be distinguished from the cognitive validity of knowledge .
however , he insisted that this could be [differentiated] from the cognitive validity of knowledge .

The sociology of knowledge was deemed to have a role in grasping the social basis of knowledge but this task was to be clearly distinguished from any comment on the validity of knowledge .
the sociology of knowledge was deemed to have a role in grasping the social basis of knowledge but this task was to be clearly [differentiated] from any comment on the validity of knowledge .

Merton was dismayed that Mannheim distinguished between ‘ cultural science ’ and ‘ exact science ’ ; for Merton they should be treated as similar forms of knowledge because they are based on equivalent epistemologies .
merton was dismayed that mannheim [differentiated] between ‘ cultural science ’ and ‘ exact science ’ ; for merton they should be treated as similar forms of knowledge because they are based on equivalent epistemologies .

Parsons holds that the sociology of knowledge should be concerned with the value-science integrate and distinguished from the study of ideology which should be a problem for the sociology of culture .
parsons holds that the sociology of knowledge should be concerned with the value-science integrate and [differentiated] from the study of ideology which should be a problem for the sociology of culture .

Mannheim , clearly influenced by Marx 's comments on ideology , distinguished these two types and also distanced his use of the term from Marx 's .
mannheim , clearly influenced by marx 's comments on ideology , [differentiated] these two types and also distanced his use of the term from marx 's .

This was partly because Mannheim did not accept what he read as an overly materialistic account of history in Marx and partly because Marx distinguished ideology as false knowledge from science as true knowledge .
this was partly because mannheim did not accept what he read as an overly materialistic account of history in marx and partly because marx [differentiated] ideology as false knowledge from science as true knowledge .

It is only in this way that ideology can be distinguished from science .
it is only in this way that ideology can be [differentiated] from science .

Language orders the world of perception and at the same time constitutes a knowing subject that perceives and yet is distinguished from that world .
language orders the world of perception and at the same time constitutes a knowing subject that perceives and yet is [differentiated] from that world .

Perhaps the most important consequence of Habermas 's ‘ rediscovered ’ dialectics of the subject is that he has distinguished his version of critical theory from any possibility of material determination — even in the last instance .
perhaps the most important consequence of habermas 's ‘ rediscovered ’ dialectics of the subject is that he has [differentiated] his version of critical theory from any possibility of material determination — even in the last instance .

Within this superficial understanding , the correct ideology was distinguished from the false solely according to the criteria of a realistic theory of knowledge .
within this superficial understanding , the correct ideology was [differentiated] from the false solely according to the criteria of a realistic theory of knowledge .

In John Thomas and Lady Jane , Connie is distinguished from Parkin by the type of English she uses ( middle-class , standard ) .
in john thomas and lady jane , connie is [differentiated] from parkin by the type of english she uses ( middle-class , standard ) .

Hexamita can only be identified when moving , otherwise they can not be distinguished from the background debris .
hexamita can only be identified when moving , otherwise they can not be [differentiated] from the background debris .

The Green Eyed Rasbora is distinguished by its shining , bright green eyes , but in the picture this fails to come through .
the green eyed rasbora is [differentiated] by its shining , bright green eyes , but in the picture this fails to come through .

The two versions need to be distinguished because their practical implications are different .
the two versions need to be [differentiated] because their practical implications are different .

There is no doubt that his untimely death robbed British aviation of one of its most distinguished names .
there is no doubt that his untimely death robbed british aviation of one of its most [differentiated] names .

Different atomic elements are distinguished by the amount of positive charge on the central nucleus , which in turn determines how many negative electrons encircle it .
different atomic elements are [differentiated] by the amount of positive charge on the central nucleus , which in turn determines how many negative electrons encircle it .

These are the bare bones of a long and distinguished scientific career .
these are the bare bones of a long and [differentiated] scientific career .

In one of heavyweight boxing 's most distinguished nights , Bowe had to tear the crown from a champion who refused to accept the inevitability of defeat even when he was knocked down and seemingly out in the 11th round of a brilliant fight .
in one of heavyweight boxing 's most [differentiated] nights , bowe had to tear the crown from a champion who refused to accept the inevitability of defeat even when he was knocked down and seemingly out in the 11th round of a brilliant fight .

Of similar age to Hamid he was distinguished by a thick black beard .
of similar age to hamid he was [differentiated] by a thick black beard .

Equally so are those of David Hughes , another distinguished astronomer and the author of The Star of Bethlehem Mystery ( 1979 ) .
equally so are those of david hughes , another [differentiated] astronomer and the author of the star of bethlehem mystery ( 1979 ) .

Quakers had long distinguished between the policeman and the soldier , and the suppression of disorder among heathens was seen as legitimate in a way that prosecuting war between civilized Christian peoples could never be .
quakers had long [differentiated] between the policeman and the soldier , and the suppression of disorder among heathens was seen as legitimate in a way that prosecuting war between civilized christian peoples could never be .

Many Liberals were deeply unhappy that , in the name of fighting ‘ Prussianism ’ , Britain should adopt precisely the system of compulsory military service whose absence had for so long distinguished the ‘ freeborn Englishman ’ from the less fortunate citizens of continental states .
many liberals were deeply unhappy that , in the name of fighting ‘ prussianism ’ , britain should adopt precisely the system of compulsory military service whose absence had for so long [differentiated] the ‘ freeborn englishman ’ from the less fortunate citizens of continental states .

In November Lord Lansdowne , an aged , distinguished and highly conservative Tory politician , convinced that continuation of the war would lead to the collapse of the social order , appealed publicly for a negotiated peace .
in november lord lansdowne , an aged , [differentiated] and highly conservative tory politician , convinced that continuation of the war would lead to the collapse of the social order , appealed publicly for a negotiated peace .

However , immediately before mechanical failure , and before any weakness can be distinguished by mechanical methods , wood becomes both birefringent and easily stained by characteristic dyes .
however , immediately before mechanical failure , and before any weakness can be [differentiated] by mechanical methods , wood becomes both birefringent and easily stained by characteristic dyes .

Her former husband is Britain 's most distinguished amateur huntsman and Master of the Duke of Beafort 's foxhounds .
her former husband is britain 's most [differentiated] amateur huntsman and master of the duke of beafort 's foxhounds .

Royle , who finished his distinguished playing career at Carrow Road before taking over at Oldham , destroys the suggestion that the Canaries will not have the bottle to see off a glut of high-powered challenges .
royle , who finished his [differentiated] playing career at carrow road before taking over at oldham , destroys the suggestion that the canaries will not have the bottle to see off a glut of high-powered challenges .

Professor Harold Saxon Burr , the distinguished Neuro Anatomist , formerly of Yale University School of Medicine , formulated the concept of the ‘ L-field ’ or ‘ Life-Field ’ . He explains :
professor harold saxon burr , the [differentiated] neuro anatomist , formerly of yale university school of medicine , formulated the concept of the ‘ l-field ’ or ‘ life-field ’ . he explains :

The suggestion of a silver thread among the dark men in green makes Gus appear a distinguished elder statesmen , far too distinguished-looking for a man who has only just reached 29 .
the suggestion of a silver thread among the dark men in green makes gus appear a [differentiated] elder statesmen , far too distinguished-looking for a man who has only just reached 29 .

But what might have marked the beginning of a distinguished career in Plessey was cut short when he was headhunted .
but what might have marked the beginning of a [differentiated] career in plessey was cut short when he was headhunted .

The 55-year-old 's icy calm distinguished him as one of General Norman Schwarzkopf 's closest aides during the Gulf War .
the 55-year-old 's icy calm [differentiated] him as one of general norman schwarzkopf 's closest aides during the gulf war .

What he would have really profited from at the beginning , he believes , was a coach and it was only some time after he joined the Vets movement that he found the next best thing , encouragement and advice from a distinguished Vet member of Cambridge Harriers , David Coward .
what he would have really profited from at the beginning , he believes , was a coach and it was only some time after he joined the vets movement that he found the next best thing , encouragement and advice from a [differentiated] vet member of cambridge harriers , david coward .

As their distinguished captain and lock Kevin Swords ( 30 caps ) said afterwards : ‘ This is a very important game and the fact that we all paid our own way is a statement of how much the fixture means to us ’ .
as their [differentiated] captain and lock kevin swords ( 30 caps ) said afterwards : ‘ this is a very important game and the fact that we all paid our own way is a statement of how much the fixture means to us ’ .

After Wilfrid 's eventual return north , although Christianity stayed in Sussex it seems to have formed one of the less distinguished and lively dioceses of the English church , closely tied to the features and experience of the county generally but not emerging to direct secular life .
after wilfrid 's eventual return north , although christianity stayed in sussex it seems to have formed one of the less [differentiated] and lively dioceses of the english church , closely tied to the features and experience of the county generally but not emerging to direct secular life .

Charles Augustus Busby of the Busby and Wilds partnership that had already provided a number of distinguished buildings in Brighton laid out a plan on the west side for a new , almost self-contained , estate with its own church and markets , to be called Brunswick Square .
charles augustus busby of the busby and wilds partnership that had already provided a number of [differentiated] buildings in brighton laid out a plan on the west side for a new , almost self-contained , estate with its own church and markets , to be called brunswick square .

It is perhaps only incidental that one of the most distinguished fathers of modern political thought , Tom Paine , spent a turbulent six years in Lewes ; he came to the town in 1768 as an excise officer , a job he combined with a local tobacco business .
it is perhaps only incidental that one of the most [differentiated] fathers of modern political thought , tom paine , spent a turbulent six years in lewes ; he came to the town in 1768 as an excise officer , a job he combined with a local tobacco business .

Despite an affair with Marje spanning three decades while she was married to Sidney Proops , distinguished Levy also had a deep and long-lasting relationship with Meli , a wealthy Austrian Jewess .
despite an affair with marje spanning three decades while she was married to sidney proops , [differentiated] levy also had a deep and long-lasting relationship with meli , a wealthy austrian jewess .

It was a dreadful end to a distinguished career .
it was a dreadful end to a [differentiated] career .

Evaluation , then , is to be distinguished from the measurement of learner achievement .
evaluation , then , is to be [differentiated] from the measurement of learner achievement .

It is also to be distinguished from the measurement of method .
it is also to be [differentiated] from the measurement of method .

Thing is a lexical item , it is a grammatical ‘ function ’ word , but they are hardly to be distinguished in terms of degree of generality .
thing is a lexical item , it is a grammatical ‘ function ’ word , but they are hardly to be [differentiated] in terms of degree of generality .

While these were of high quality and presented by a band of distinguished international speakers , some participants would have liked to take part in more of the 17 special interest sessions .
while these were of high quality and presented by a band of [differentiated] international speakers , some participants would have liked to take part in more of the 17 special interest sessions .

Hoyt and Babchuk ( 1983 ) , in a large study done in the United States , found that people were highly selective in the kin whom they named as confidants and distinguished between people in equivalent genealogical positions , naming one child or sibling as a confidant but not others .
hoyt and babchuk ( 1983 ) , in a large study done in the united states , found that people were highly selective in the kin whom they named as confidants and [differentiated] between people in equivalent genealogical positions , naming one child or sibling as a confidant but not others .

Occasionally our local gulls will be joined by the odd glaucous gull whose summer home is farther north , in Iceland or even in Spitsbergen : the glaucous gulls superficially resemble our herring gulls in that the adults have white bodies with grey backs , and the immatures are speckled brown , but at all ages they can be distinguished by having no black markings on the wing-tips , which are uniform fawn or white , depending on the age of the bird .
occasionally our local gulls will be joined by the odd glaucous gull whose summer home is farther north , in iceland or even in spitsbergen : the glaucous gulls superficially resemble our herring gulls in that the adults have white bodies with grey backs , and the immatures are speckled brown , but at all ages they can be [differentiated] by having no black markings on the wing-tips , which are uniform fawn or white , depending on the age of the bird .

This wagtail is the one most commonly seen in Shetland on migration , and is distinguished from the race breeding in southern parts of Britain by having a grey rather than a black back .
this wagtail is the one most commonly seen in shetland on migration , and is [differentiated] from the race breeding in southern parts of britain by having a grey rather than a black back .

Several explanations could be proposed , including variation in Os/Nd ratio of the endmembers , existence of a third endmember distinguished only by Os isotope composition , and open-system behaviour of Os , but all are speculative .
several explanations could be proposed , including variation in os/nd ratio of the endmembers , existence of a third endmember [differentiated] only by os isotope composition , and open-system behaviour of os , but all are speculative .

There he shared a platform with distinguished Japanese financiers , who agreed that shareholders ought to have more power over company managers .
there he shared a platform with [differentiated] japanese financiers , who agreed that shareholders ought to have more power over company managers .

In this situation three recognizable approaches to interpretation can nevertheless be distinguished .
in this situation three recognizable approaches to interpretation can nevertheless be [differentiated] .

Perhaps the most distinguished and rich in content is that edited by Alonso Schokel ( 1969 ) .
perhaps the most [differentiated] and rich in content is that edited by alonso schokel ( 1969 ) .

It was not particularly its originality that distinguished it — it consisted mainly of ideas borrowed from the Enlightenment and from earlier social contract writers .
it was not particularly its originality that [differentiated] it — it consisted mainly of ideas borrowed from the enlightenment and from earlier social contract writers .

In the first two cases , this has also usually meant that criminals are seen as being distinguished by biological or psychic features which are identifiable separately from the disposition towards crime ( although they are causally implicated in it ) .
in the first two cases , this has also usually meant that criminals are seen as being [differentiated] by biological or psychic features which are identifiable separately from the disposition towards crime ( although they are causally implicated in it ) .

Take education , in which Mr Clinton has a long and distinguished interest .
take education , in which mr clinton has a long and [differentiated] interest .

Holman has distinguished between ‘ inclusive ’ and ‘ exclusive ’ fostering , with a preference expressed for ‘ inclusive ’ fostering in which the natural parents are actively involved in the placement .
holman has [differentiated] between ‘ inclusive ’ and ‘ exclusive ’ fostering , with a preference expressed for ‘ inclusive ’ fostering in which the natural parents are actively involved in the placement .

He held several distinguished posts here and took British citizenship in 1939 .
he held several [differentiated] posts here and took british citizenship in 1939 .

The Report distinguished between homosexuality as a ‘ condition ’ and homosexual behaviour , and , although it advocated the removal of the latter from the criminal law , it remained firm in its condemnation of homosexuality .
the report [differentiated] between homosexuality as a ‘ condition ’ and homosexual behaviour , and , although it advocated the removal of the latter from the criminal law , it remained firm in its condemnation of homosexuality .

Along with this distinction between ‘ public ’ and ‘ private ’ , the Wolfenden Committee also distinguished between ‘ crime ’ and ‘ sin ’ , making it clear that it was only concerned with the former .
along with this distinction between ‘ public ’ and ‘ private ’ , the wolfenden committee also [differentiated] between ‘ crime ’ and ‘ sin ’ , making it clear that it was only concerned with the former .

Seven years ago a distinguished list of signatories wrote in your columns that the existing law clearly no longer represented either Christian or liberal opinion in this country , and that its continued enforcement would do more harm than good to the community as a whole .
seven years ago a [differentiated] list of signatories wrote in your columns that the existing law clearly no longer represented either christian or liberal opinion in this country , and that its continued enforcement would do more harm than good to the community as a whole .

As they are , the lords are far more civilised , diverse and distinguished — and a lot less pompous — than their elected counterparts , partly because of the admixture of life peers outstanding in fields beyond politics .
as they are , the lords are far more civilised , diverse and [differentiated] — and a lot less pompous — than their elected counterparts , partly because of the admixture of life peers outstanding in fields beyond politics .

This state is easily distinguished from the rational and purposeful promotion of a particular philosophy , or the rejection of a demand , by its resistance not only to ‘ impositions ’ but to the offer of responsibility and choice .
this state is easily [differentiated] from the rational and purposeful promotion of a particular philosophy , or the rejection of a demand , by its resistance not only to ‘ impositions ’ but to the offer of responsibility and choice .

For the first half of the nineteenth century , these goals were admirably adhered to , as the society assembled mostly printed and written matter : books , letters , manuscripts , diaries , letters and newspapers , making it one of the most distinguished libraries in the country .
for the first half of the nineteenth century , these goals were admirably adhered to , as the society assembled mostly printed and written matter : books , letters , manuscripts , diaries , letters and newspapers , making it one of the most [differentiated] libraries in the country .

With a passionate love of the visual arts , an intelligent partner to guide her purchases , and a large income to spend on pretty much any picture she fancied , Queen Victoria ought to have been one of the most distinguished of all royal collectors .
with a passionate love of the visual arts , an intelligent partner to guide her purchases , and a large income to spend on pretty much any picture she fancied , queen victoria ought to have been one of the most [differentiated] of all royal collectors .

Paulstock was n't architecturally distinguished but the church and the stone-faced cottages looked their best in the thin winter sunshine , like a faded watercolour by a gifted maiden aunt .
paulstock was n't architecturally [differentiated] but the church and the stone-faced cottages looked their best in the thin winter sunshine , like a faded watercolour by a gifted maiden aunt .

He looked incredibly distinguished .
he looked incredibly [differentiated] .

’ Just as Hobbes distinguished between mental discourse and verbal discourse , so Locke distinguished between ‘ mental propositions ’ and ‘ verbal propositions ’ .
’ just as hobbes [differentiated] between mental discourse and verbal discourse , so locke [differentiated] between ‘ mental propositions ’ and ‘ verbal propositions ’ .

The philosopher-psychologist Hermann Lotze distinguished what he called ‘ a main impression ’ ( of impact , pressure , heat or cold ) , and ‘ an auxiliary impression ’ .
the philosopher-psychologist hermann lotze [differentiated] what he called ‘ a main impression ’ ( of impact , pressure , heat or cold ) , and ‘ an auxiliary impression ’ .

So something more must be said about beliefs , expectations , hopes , and so on , than that they are not extended , if they are adequately to be distinguished from these other non-extended phenomena .
so something more must be said about beliefs , expectations , hopes , and so on , than that they are not extended , if they are adequately to be [differentiated] from these other non-extended phenomena .

Lanfranc and Anselm are to be distinguished here .
lanfranc and anselm are to be [differentiated] here .

Two introductory chapters discuss the genre of interior views and the history of the Wittgenstein family , the latter a fascinating roll-call of princely alliances ( intermarriage with the Radziwill family ) European history ( distinguished service in the Napoleonic campaigns ) and artistic patronage ( Chopin , Schinkel , Winterhalter ) .
two introductory chapters discuss the genre of interior views and the history of the wittgenstein family , the latter a fascinating roll-call of princely alliances ( intermarriage with the radziwill family ) european history ( [differentiated] service in the napoleonic campaigns ) and artistic patronage ( chopin , schinkel , winterhalter ) .

£45 Felicitous combination of distinguished art historian and conservator with background in Degas pastels and their conservation .
£45 felicitous combination of [differentiated] art historian and conservator with background in degas pastels and their conservation .

The distinguished archaeologist Professor Lord Renfrew , member of English Heritage 's own Ancient Monuments Advisory committee , revealed that its opinion had not been sought until the third week of November when it finally was called for a formal meeting with Jocelyn Stevens .
the [differentiated] archaeologist professor lord renfrew , member of english heritage 's own ancient monuments advisory committee , revealed that its opinion had not been sought until the third week of november when it finally was called for a formal meeting with jocelyn stevens .

Sir John Summerson , the most distinguished British architectural historian of his generation , died in London 10 November , aged eighty-seven .
sir john summerson , the most [differentiated] british architectural historian of his generation , died in london 10 november , aged eighty-seven .

Tree shrews are , however , easily distinguished from squirrels by their long , pointed noses .
tree shrews are , however , easily [differentiated] from squirrels by their long , pointed noses .

Its growth is considered here as a specific political issue which , for the purposes of both clarity and brevity , is distinguished apart from the broader social history of the period .
its growth is considered here as a specific political issue which , for the purposes of both clarity and brevity , is [differentiated] apart from the broader social history of the period .

There were four main characteristics which distinguished the early retired from other older people .
there were four main characteristics which [differentiated] the early retired from other older people .

In sum , two approaches to early retirement may be distinguished .
in sum , two approaches to early retirement may be [differentiated] .

That Ronchey 's move has been made now is due not only to the changed political climate , but also to the fact that the Minister is not a career politician like his recent , ineffective predecessors , but an independent , educated man ( he was a distinguished political journalist before being invited to join the government ) , who instead of getting tied up in his Ministry 's bureaucratic shibboleths , has collected an enlightened group of advisors around him , including the independent scholar Federico Zeri , who enjoys star status in Italy , and Mirella Baracco , the energetic founder of the private ginger group , Napoli 99 , which is managing to get long-closed monuments and churches in that city open to the public .
that ronchey 's move has been made now is due not only to the changed political climate , but also to the fact that the minister is not a career politician like his recent , ineffective predecessors , but an independent , educated man ( he was a [differentiated] political journalist before being invited to join the government ) , who instead of getting tied up in his ministry 's bureaucratic shibboleths , has collected an enlightened group of advisors around him , including the independent scholar federico zeri , who enjoys star status in italy , and mirella baracco , the energetic founder of the private ginger group , napoli 99 , which is managing to get long-closed monuments and churches in that city open to the public .

In a series of conversations with the Frenchman Didier Eribon published by Thames and Hudson this month , Sir Ernst Gombrich , former director of the Warburg Institute and one of the most distinguished academics of our time ( yet one of the most accessible because of his belief that it should be possible to explain everything in language that can be understood by a child ) , talks about the development of his ideas , his values and the events which contributed to their formation . Here we offer you a foretaste of his clarity of thought and witty expression as well as the exhilarating certainty he gives the reader of the importance of art and reflection
in a series of conversations with the frenchman didier eribon published by thames and hudson this month , sir ernst gombrich , former director of the warburg institute and one of the most [differentiated] academics of our time ( yet one of the most accessible because of his belief that it should be possible to explain everything in language that can be understood by a child ) , talks about the development of his ideas , his values and the events which contributed to their formation . here we offer you a foretaste of his clarity of thought and witty expression as well as the exhilarating certainty he gives the reader of the importance of art and reflection

He explained that there was a difference between a statement such as : ‘ Cats are distinguished from dogs by embodying the spirit of cathood , as opposed to that of doghood ’ , and a statement such as ‘ Cats are distinguished from dogs by a combination of characteristics ( such as the possession of retractable claws , … and the inability to swim … ) which , in the aggregate , describe the genus Felis as opposed to the genus Canis ’ .
he explained that there was a difference between a statement such as : ‘ cats are [differentiated] from dogs by embodying the spirit of cathood , as opposed to that of doghood ’ , and a statement such as ‘ cats are [differentiated] from dogs by a combination of characteristics ( such as the possession of retractable claws , … and the inability to swim … ) which , in the aggregate , describe the genus felis as opposed to the genus canis ’ .

The Centro de Arte Reina Sofia launched the celebrations in Madrid with ‘ Joan Miró : Campo de Estrellas ’ ( closed 22 March ) , a distinguished exhibition which reunited fourteen of the twenty-three ‘ Constellations ’ , those beautiful gouaches created by the artist in difficult circumstances in 1940–41 , and sought to trace the development of their imagery in his work .
the centro de arte reina sofia launched the celebrations in madrid with ‘ joan miró : campo de estrellas ’ ( closed 22 march ) , a [differentiated] exhibition which reunited fourteen of the twenty-three ‘ constellations ’ , those beautiful gouaches created by the artist in difficult circumstances in 1940–41 , and sought to trace the development of their imagery in his work .

The distinguished firm of Oriental art dealers Eskenazi are moving from their Piccadilly location to nearby Clifford Street where they will occupy number 10 , once the home of Sir James Gray , founder of the Society of Dilettanti .
the [differentiated] firm of oriental art dealers eskenazi are moving from their piccadilly location to nearby clifford street where they will occupy number 10 , once the home of sir james gray , founder of the society of dilettanti .

Both before and during the events of 1789–92 in France and St Domingue they distinguished their aim of abolition of the trade from the larger question of emancipation of the slaves .
both before and during the events of 1789–92 in france and st domingue they [differentiated] their aim of abolition of the trade from the larger question of emancipation of the slaves .

This can best be done by concentrating primarily , though not exclusively , on Germany , and on three broad lines which may be distinguished there .
this can best be done by concentrating primarily , though not exclusively , on germany , and on three broad lines which may be [differentiated] there .

Again , he distinguished between those doctrines which give direct expression to the religious awareness , and those which do so only indirectly .
again , he [differentiated] between those doctrines which give direct expression to the religious awareness , and those which do so only indirectly .

Jesus was divine in the sense that he was ‘ distinguished from all ( other men ) by the constant potency of his God-consciousness , which was a veritable existence of God in him ’ .
jesus was divine in the sense that he was ‘ [differentiated] from all ( other men ) by the constant potency of his god-consciousness , which was a veritable existence of god in him ’ .

In the period he covered , Schweitzer distinguished three broad stages , in which three distinct issues were successively at the centre of discussion .
in the period he covered , schweitzer [differentiated] three broad stages , in which three distinct issues were successively at the centre of discussion .

Leucistic individuals have normal-coloured eyes and are thus easily distinguished from albinos .
leucistic individuals have normal-coloured eyes and are thus easily [differentiated] from albinos .

By the time the breeding tubes are visible , the sexes are more readily distinguished , the female 's tube being considerably thicker than the male 's .
by the time the breeding tubes are visible , the sexes are more readily [differentiated] , the female 's tube being considerably thicker than the male 's .

What was most important , though , was that these socially more distinguished patrons were indeed creating a fashion ; they were sanctioning movie-going not only for other less bold middle-class families but also for all that vast number of people caught in the twilight zone between middle-class comfort and the lumpenproletariat .
what was most important , though , was that these socially more [differentiated] patrons were indeed creating a fashion ; they were sanctioning movie-going not only for other less bold middle-class families but also for all that vast number of people caught in the twilight zone between middle-class comfort and the lumpenproletariat .

If a director 's name or even the tag ‘ distinguished director ’ brought in patrons then Hollywood 's attitude was ‘ so be it ’ .
if a director 's name or even the tag ‘ [differentiated] director ’ brought in patrons then hollywood 's attitude was ‘ so be it ’ .

Three types of Anaglypta Vinyls , the Luxury Vinyl , Fine , and Ultra Fine Vinyls , are distinguished by their fineness of textured or patterned detail .
three types of anaglypta vinyls , the luxury vinyl , fine , and ultra fine vinyls , are [differentiated] by their fineness of textured or patterned detail .

Holding ( 1965 ) distinguished between successive sub-classifications of feedback into intrinsic/artificial , concurrent/terminal , immediate/delayed , non-verbal/verbal , separate/accumulated .
holding ( 1965 ) [differentiated] between successive sub-classifications of feedback into intrinsic/artificial , concurrent/terminal , immediate/delayed , non-verbal/verbal , separate/accumulated .

No doubt the field will eventually clarify and mature and the terminology will be designed with precision so that meaningful concepts , tools and methods are unambiguously clarified and distinguished but this has not yet happened .
no doubt the field will eventually clarify and mature and the terminology will be designed with precision so that meaningful concepts , tools and methods are unambiguously clarified and [differentiated] but this has not yet happened .

While Jackson and Dixon were performing regularly in the English rings , a black man distinguished himself on the track .
while jackson and dixon were performing regularly in the english rings , a black man [differentiated] himself on the track .

The Committee who represent or who are affiliated to 15 Catholic Societies , would like names of women who have distinguished themselves in public life or who quietly give great service to their local .
the committee who represent or who are affiliated to 15 catholic societies , would like names of women who have [differentiated] themselves in public life or who quietly give great service to their local .

We have noted the importance in Germany of the works council as a bargaining mechanism and there are numerous characteristics which have also distinguished collective bargaining in France .
we have noted the importance in germany of the works council as a bargaining mechanism and there are numerous characteristics which have also [differentiated] collective bargaining in france .

Both Rennenkampf and Samsonov had distinguished military records as cavalry commanders in Manchuria , but they had quarrelled and become bitter enemies .
both rennenkampf and samsonov had [differentiated] military records as cavalry commanders in manchuria , but they had quarrelled and become bitter enemies .

He was 60 years old at the time of Messines , with wide and varied military service behind him , including fighting in South Africa during the Boer War ( 1899–1902 ) , when he played a distinguished part in the relief of Mafeking .
he was 60 years old at the time of messines , with wide and varied military service behind him , including fighting in south africa during the boer war ( 1899–1902 ) , when he played a [differentiated] part in the relief of mafeking .

The British establishment has remained remarkably reticent about the whole episode , which culminated in Her Majesty the Queen bestowing an honorary knighthood on Nicolae Ceauşescu , while distinguished academics and scientists joined together to honour their ‘ colleague ’ , Elena Ceauşescu .
the british establishment has remained remarkably reticent about the whole episode , which culminated in her majesty the queen bestowing an honorary knighthood on nicolae ceauşescu , while [differentiated] academics and scientists joined together to honour their ‘ colleague ’ , elena ceauşescu .

According to Sir Richard Norman , the President of the Society , Elena Ceauşescu was a ‘ distinguished scientist , whose work on the ‘ stereospecific polymerization of isoprene , on the stabilization of synthetic rubbers , and on copolymerization … [ had ] the dual merit of increasing our effectiveness in exploiting chemistry for the benefit of mankind .
according to sir richard norman , the president of the society , elena ceauşescu was a ‘ [differentiated] scientist , whose work on the ‘ stereospecific polymerization of isoprene , on the stabilization of synthetic rubbers , and on copolymerization … [ had ] the dual merit of increasing our effectiveness in exploiting chemistry for the benefit of mankind .

How the more distinguished men must have gnashed their teeth at the trivial basis upon which great decisions are made — but how delighted they must be today not to be branded with the title of court architect !
how the more [differentiated] men must have gnashed their teeth at the trivial basis upon which great decisions are made — but how delighted they must be today not to be branded with the title of court architect !

Despite his aspirations to poetry , he became better-known as a prose writer in his minutes and despatches as a statesman , for ‘ Owen Meredith ’ , better known to history as Edward Robert Bulwer Lytton , first Earl of Lytton ( 1831–91 ) , became a distinguished diplomat , the climax of his career coming in 1876–80 when he served as Viceroy of India and in that capacity proclaimed Queen Victoria as Empress at Delhi in 1877 .
despite his aspirations to poetry , he became better-known as a prose writer in his minutes and despatches as a statesman , for ‘ owen meredith ’ , better known to history as edward robert bulwer lytton , first earl of lytton ( 1831–91 ) , became a [differentiated] diplomat , the climax of his career coming in 1876–80 when he served as viceroy of india and in that capacity proclaimed queen victoria as empress at delhi in 1877 .

Since they can be removed , they can also be inserted , and any book that carries a distinguished plate should be scrutinised with care to see if there are signs of an earlier bookplate beneath or of recent addition .
since they can be removed , they can also be inserted , and any book that carries a [differentiated] plate should be scrutinised with care to see if there are signs of an earlier bookplate beneath or of recent addition .

Democratic elitist accounts follow Weber 's definition of bureaucracy as an organization distinguished by a clear body of internal rules and a very developed specialization of roles .
democratic elitist accounts follow weber 's definition of bureaucracy as an organization [differentiated] by a clear body of internal rules and a very developed specialization of roles .

Marx and Engels distinguished four class-divided economic systems or modes of production before socialism .
marx and engels [differentiated] four class-divided economic systems or modes of production before socialism .

Marx 's philosophical anthropology or theory of human nature was inherited from German romanticism , but what distinguished Marx was his belief that the development of capitalism was an essential precondition of human flourishing under communism .
marx 's philosophical anthropology or theory of human nature was inherited from german romanticism , but what [differentiated] marx was his belief that the development of capitalism was an essential precondition of human flourishing under communism .

Groups with few functions of this kind ( such as technicians , scientists , teachers or many professionals ) are distinguished as potential allies of the working class in promoting socialism .
groups with few functions of this kind ( such as technicians , scientists , teachers or many professionals ) are [differentiated] as potential allies of the working class in promoting socialism .

Relatively detailed Marxist accounts of state institutions operate have emerged only in the post-war period , and are associated chiefly with the growth of Western neo-Marxisms — new forms of expressing Marx and Engels ' ideas , distinguished chiefly by their willingness to engage ‘ bourgeois ’ social science directly in debate .
relatively detailed marxist accounts of state institutions operate have emerged only in the post-war period , and are associated chiefly with the growth of western neo-marxisms — new forms of expressing marx and engels ' ideas , [differentiated] chiefly by their willingness to engage ‘ bourgeois ’ social science directly in debate .

Given the nature of its virulent anti-semitic propaganda , it was surprising that some fairly well-connected and distinguished individuals were associated with the organization .
given the nature of its virulent anti-semitic propaganda , it was surprising that some fairly well-connected and [differentiated] individuals were associated with the organization .

It seems better not to include it as a criterion of value , once it is clearly distinguished from probability .
it seems better not to include it as a criterion of value , once it is clearly [differentiated] from probability .

Some philosophers have distinguished between our ‘ subjective ’ and ‘ objective ’ duty , and said that our subjective duty is to do what we think most likely to be our objective duty .
some philosophers have [differentiated] between our ‘ subjective ’ and ‘ objective ’ duty , and said that our subjective duty is to do what we think most likely to be our objective duty .

However that may be , we must now note that value statements in general , and ethical statements in particular , are distinguished by the attitudinist into two types .
however that may be , we must now note that value statements in general , and ethical statements in particular , are [differentiated] by the attitudinist into two types .

At one time the question was much debated whether meta-ethics can or ought to be neutral as between ethical theories , or indeed whether the two should be distinguished at all .
at one time the question was much debated whether meta-ethics can or ought to be neutral as between ethical theories , or indeed whether the two should be [differentiated] at all .

They thought it unsatisfactory to say that moral qualities are distinguished by sense or feeling rather than by reason .
they thought it unsatisfactory to say that moral qualities are [differentiated] by sense or feeling rather than by reason .

The first thing to realize is that it must consist in categorical imperatives , which are to be distinguished from hypothetical imperatives .
the first thing to realize is that it must consist in categorical imperatives , which are to be [differentiated] from hypothetical imperatives .

Monique Javer , now 23 , was born near San Francisco of an English mother , who once played at junior Wimbledon , and an American father , who is a distinguished brain surgeon .
monique javer , now 23 , was born near san francisco of an english mother , who once played at junior wimbledon , and an american father , who is a [differentiated] brain surgeon .

The telegram read : ‘ In the name of the World Association for Christian Communication , which comprises over 700 communication professionals and organisations and in almost 100 countries , we would like to share with you our joy at such a distinguished achievement ’ .
the telegram read : ‘ in the name of the world association for christian communication , which comprises over 700 communication professionals and organisations and in almost 100 countries , we would like to share with you our joy at such a [differentiated] achievement ’ .

However , humans are distinguished from all other primates by their precision grip which enables them to manipulate objects with much greater control and accuracy .
however , humans are [differentiated] from all other primates by their precision grip which enables them to manipulate objects with much greater control and accuracy .

The 800 species of hermit crab that occur in the world 's oceans are distinguished from all other crabs by living inside the unoccupied shells of marine snails .
the 800 species of hermit crab that occur in the world 's oceans are [differentiated] from all other crabs by living inside the unoccupied shells of marine snails .

Henry James , he remembered , had said of his approaching death , ‘ So here it is at last , the distinguished thing !
henry james , he remembered , had said of his approaching death , ‘ so here it is at last , the [differentiated] thing !

Some of the most distinguished scientists at the Metropolitan Laboratory were women and Dalgliesh , recognizing in himself an old-fashioned sensitivity which he certainly would n't have confessed to them , was always glad when it was possible to remove the more horrific bodies before they arrived to track and photograph the bloodstains and supervise the collection of samples .
some of the most [differentiated] scientists at the metropolitan laboratory were women and dalgliesh , recognizing in himself an old-fashioned sensitivity which he certainly would n't have confessed to them , was always glad when it was possible to remove the more horrific bodies before they arrived to track and photograph the bloodstains and supervise the collection of samples .

Hugo had been the privileged one , his mother an earl 's daughter , his father a baronet and a distinguished soldier , possessor of the Berowne name , inheritor of what remained of the Berowne money .
hugo had been the privileged one , his mother an earl 's daughter , his father a baronet and a [differentiated] soldier , possessor of the berowne name , inheritor of what remained of the berowne money .

‘ We 're not a distinguished family , merely an old one .
‘ we 're not a [differentiated] family , merely an old one .

It has a distinguished history .
it has a [differentiated] history .

Next , pushing further south , we enter what seems to be a perpetually troubled and impoverished region , between Tijuana and the Darién Gap — Mexico , distinguished in global terms these days solely by being the site of the planet 's largest city — and a succession of Isthmian countries .
next , pushing further south , we enter what seems to be a perpetually troubled and impoverished region , between tijuana and the darién gap — mexico , [differentiated] in global terms these days solely by being the site of the planet 's largest city — and a succession of isthmian countries .

Antonio Pigafetta , the journalist ( or Doge 's spy ) says 28 November ; one distinguished eighteenth-century historian says the 27th ; another of equal distinction puts it a day earlier .
antonio pigafetta , the journalist ( or doge 's spy ) says 28 november ; one [differentiated] eighteenth-century historian says the 27th ; another of equal distinction puts it a day earlier .

The huge Marine — so much more distinguished in his uniform than any motley planetary trooper — planted himself before Yeremi like some human pillar that ten such troopers would be hard put to tumble , should they be so suicidally inclined .
the huge marine — so much more [differentiated] in his uniform than any motley planetary trooper — planted himself before yeremi like some human pillar that ten such troopers would be hard put to tumble , should they be so suicidally inclined .

Now that Yeremi perceived those shapes — some of which were shifting , as he watched — he also distinguished a rich spectrum of dark hues : purple , indigo , amethyst .
now that yeremi perceived those shapes — some of which were shifting , as he watched — he also [differentiated] a rich spectrum of dark hues : purple , indigo , amethyst .

And then Lord Pugh distributed the hands of the dead to those who had most distinguished themselves — to be wrought upon patiently over many years in their cells with scrimshaw designs .
and then lord pugh distributed the hands of the dead to those who had most [differentiated] themselves — to be wrought upon patiently over many years in their cells with scrimshaw designs .

There was then no one in Oxford working in cosmology , but at Cambridge there was Fred Hoyle , the most distinguished British astronomer of the time .
there was then no one in oxford working in cosmology , but at cambridge there was fred hoyle , the most [differentiated] british astronomer of the time .

The statement distinguished , as Butenko had done , between exploitation ( which had been eliminated by public ownership ) and oppression , which had continued .
the statement [differentiated] , as butenko had done , between exploitation ( which had been eliminated by public ownership ) and oppression , which had continued .

‘ Welcome , Mr prime Minister , Mrs Alleyne , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , to Crystal Springs Hotel .
‘ welcome , mr prime minister , mrs alleyne , [differentiated] guests , ladies and gentlemen , to crystal springs hotel .

‘ That his distinguished career should have ended in such tragic and unforeseen circumstances is regrettable .
‘ that his [differentiated] career should have ended in such tragic and unforeseen circumstances is regrettable .

Rather than simply criticizing quantitative analysis as a whole , she adapts slightly the standard method of measuring linguistic variables , pointing out that the three variants of ( r ) which can be distinguished ( [ ? ]
rather than simply criticizing quantitative analysis as a whole , she adapts slightly the standard method of measuring linguistic variables , pointing out that the three variants of ( r ) which can be [differentiated] ( [ ? ]

‘ She works easily , then , ’ Maximilian said . ‘ In your very different and distinguished field , do you ? ’
‘ she works easily , then , ’ maximilian said . ‘ in your very different and [differentiated] field , do you ? ’

Such a progeny she could have looked upon simply as reproductions of herself , who , when they grew up , would be sure to marry distinguished professional men .
such a progeny she could have looked upon simply as reproductions of herself , who , when they grew up , would be sure to marry [differentiated] professional men .

Now , however , her husband had a motor-car — the first Cork Jew to possess one — and as they drove to the synagogue , their distinguished visitor , Karlinsky , beside her in the back seat , she felt she had at last come into her kingdom .
now , however , her husband had a motor-car — the first cork jew to possess one — and as they drove to the synagogue , their [differentiated] visitor , karlinsky , beside her in the back seat , she felt she had at last come into her kingdom .

‘ We 've come to listen to a very distinguished visitor , Berel Karlinsky , a famous man we 've all heard of .
‘ we 've come to listen to a very [differentiated] visitor , berel karlinsky , a famous man we 've all heard of .

Further evidence of these weaknesses is the way governments , faced with difficult problems , do not turn to the departments ( or to the Commons ) but set up commissions and inquiries manned by distinguished outsiders to investigate and pronounce .
further evidence of these weaknesses is the way governments , faced with difficult problems , do not turn to the departments ( or to the commons ) but set up commissions and inquiries manned by [differentiated] outsiders to investigate and pronounce .

It seems to be unusual for the Prime Minister or the Lord Chancellor to consult other ministers ( except that the Lord Chancellor may discuss the matter with the Attorney-General and the Solicitor-General ) unless any such minister happens to be also a distinguished member of the bar , as was Sir Stafford Cripps in Mr Attlee 's administration from 1945 .
it seems to be unusual for the prime minister or the lord chancellor to consult other ministers ( except that the lord chancellor may discuss the matter with the attorney-general and the solicitor-general ) unless any such minister happens to be also a [differentiated] member of the bar , as was sir stafford cripps in mr attlee 's administration from 1945 .

Occasionally the brilliant lower-middle-class or working-class boy or girl has won their place in this distinguished gathering .
occasionally the brilliant lower-middle-class or working-class boy or girl has won their place in this [differentiated] gathering .

The ‘ Desire ’ volume is distinguished from the ‘ Romance ’ with a different packaging and series brand-name .
the ‘ desire ’ volume is [differentiated] from the ‘ romance ’ with a different packaging and series brand-name .

49 , by a decent but less distinguished painter , whose love of rich colour , red and white , links him to Corinth .
49 , by a decent but less [differentiated] painter , whose love of rich colour , red and white , links him to corinth .

Whether ground was distinguished from sky in any other way than by being outlined against it the evidence so far cited does not tell us , but probably some trees and flowers were shown on it , and it may have had something in the nature of shading .
whether ground was [differentiated] from sky in any other way than by being outlined against it the evidence so far cited does not tell us , but probably some trees and flowers were shown on it , and it may have had something in the nature of shading .

In face and figure young Pelops is clearly distinguished from the foursquare sturdy elder Oenomaus .
in face and figure young pelops is clearly [differentiated] from the foursquare sturdy elder oenomaus .

He distinguished the cultural sciences by the fact that their ‘ objects of study ’ are humanly made , that someone observing them is observing processes in which he himself necessarily participates , and that different methods of establishing evidence and interpretations are then inevitable .
he [differentiated] the cultural sciences by the fact that their ‘ objects of study ’ are humanly made , that someone observing them is observing processes in which he himself necessarily participates , and that different methods of establishing evidence and interpretations are then inevitable .

Three useful kinds of study can then be distinguished , of ( i ) the social and economic institutions of culture and , as alternative definitions of their ‘ products ’ , of ( ii ) their content and ( iii ) their effects .
three useful kinds of study can then be [differentiated] , of ( i ) the social and economic institutions of culture and , as alternative definitions of their ‘ products ’ , of ( ii ) their content and ( iii ) their effects .

Sociological studies of cultural ‘ content ’ have been distinguished from otherwise comparable studies , in the history of art or of literature , by the methodological assumptions of observational analysis .
sociological studies of cultural ‘ content ’ have been [differentiated] from otherwise comparable studies , in the history of art or of literature , by the methodological assumptions of observational analysis .

What this evidence suggests is a particular stage in the specialization of functions which , at still earlier stages , would — as in many comparable cases — not have been clearly distinguished .
what this evidence suggests is a particular stage in the specialization of functions which , at still earlier stages , would — as in many comparable cases — not have been clearly [differentiated] .

The functions which can later be distinguished as those of ‘ priest ’ , ‘ prophet ’ or ‘ bard ’ — and in more modern terms ‘ historian ’ or even ‘ scientist ’ — were often originally exercised by the same individuals or groups of individuals .
the functions which can later be [differentiated] as those of ‘ priest ’ , ‘ prophet ’ or ‘ bard ’ — and in more modern terms ‘ historian ’ or even ‘ scientist ’ — were often originally exercised by the same individuals or groups of individuals .

Since the order was primarily religious it has to be distinguished from specific cultural orders , but it is even more distinct from the social relations of patronage .
since the order was primarily religious it has to be [differentiated] from specific cultural orders , but it is even more distinct from the social relations of patronage .

Yet in principle they can be readily distinguished .
yet in principle they can be readily [differentiated] .

Indeed it is well known that societies which were very poor , by all later standards , allotted very significant time , energy and resources to the production of what would now be distinguished as art-objects .
indeed it is well known that societies which were very poor , by all later standards , allotted very significant time , energy and resources to the production of what would now be [differentiated] as art-objects .

In all the later , more organized phases of this type , at a time when the practice of art had been both distinguished and specialized , the institution of artists as part of the general social organization was still , as we have seen , normal .
in all the later , more organized phases of this type , at a time when the practice of art had been both [differentiated] and specialized , the institution of artists as part of the general social organization was still , as we have seen , normal .

On this basis they are distinguished from ‘ production ’ by the difficult specialization of ‘ creative activities ’ .
on this basis they are [differentiated] from ‘ production ’ by the difficult specialization of ‘ creative activities ’ .

Three kinds of post-market institutions have become important ; they can be distinguished as the modern patronal , the intermediate and the governmental .
three kinds of post-market institutions have become important ; they can be [differentiated] as the modern patronal , the intermediate and the governmental .

We have to note , first , an increasing generalization and development of the idea that the practice and values of art are neglected by , or have to be distinguished from , or are superior or hostile to the dominant values of ‘ modern ’ society .
we have to note , first , an increasing generalization and development of the idea that the practice and values of art are neglected by , or have to be [differentiated] from , or are superior or hostile to the dominant values of ‘ modern ’ society .

Its social bases include : ( i ) the crisis , for many artists , of the transition from patronage to the market ; ( ii ) the crisis , in certain arts , of the transition from handwork to machine production ( see Chapter 4 , below ) ; ( iii ) crises within both patronage and the market , in a period of intense and general social conflict ; ( iv ) the attachment of certain groups to a pre-capitalist and/or pre-democratic social order , in which some arts had been accorded privilege within a general privilege ; ( v ) the attachment of other groups to the democratization of the social order , as part of the process of general liberation and human enrichment to which the arts , if they were allowed , could contribute : ( vi ) a more general opposition , often overlapping and even seeming to unite these diverse political views , to the practices and values of a ‘ commercial ’ and ‘ mechanical ’ civilization , from which the practice and values of the arts could be distinguished .
its social bases include : ( i ) the crisis , for many artists , of the transition from patronage to the market ; ( ii ) the crisis , in certain arts , of the transition from handwork to machine production ( see chapter 4 , below ) ; ( iii ) crises within both patronage and the market , in a period of intense and general social conflict ; ( iv ) the attachment of certain groups to a pre-capitalist and/or pre-democratic social order , in which some arts had been accorded privilege within a general privilege ; ( v ) the attachment of other groups to the democratization of the social order , as part of the process of general liberation and human enrichment to which the arts , if they were allowed , could contribute : ( vi ) a more general opposition , often overlapping and even seeming to unite these diverse political views , to the practices and values of a ‘ commercial ’ and ‘ mechanical ’ civilization , from which the practice and values of the arts could be [differentiated] .

The cultural interests of this general sector , defined by specific kinds of educational achievement , can be clearly distinguished from those of the directly industrial and commercial sectors of the same dominant class .
the cultural interests of this general sector , defined by specific kinds of educational achievement , can be clearly [differentiated] from those of the directly industrial and commercial sectors of the same dominant class .

Yet the broader developments were in some ways preceded by an important new kind of cultural formation which has to be distinguished from national groups .
yet the broader developments were in some ways preceded by an important new kind of cultural formation which has to be [differentiated] from national groups .

First , that the avant-garde movements have , typically , a metropolitan base ( where ‘ metropolitan ’ must be distinguished from both ‘ urban ’ and ‘ national capital ’ definitions , its key factors being a relative [ especially cultural ] autonomy and a degree of internationalization , itself often related to imperialism ) .
first , that the avant-garde movements have , typically , a metropolitan base ( where ‘ metropolitan ’ must be [differentiated] from both ‘ urban ’ and ‘ national capital ’ definitions , its key factors being a relative [ especially cultural ] autonomy and a degree of internationalization , itself often related to imperialism ) .

It was in the field of cult and religious objects , of decorative and decorated-utilitarian articles , and of what can eventually be distinguished as , in a modern sense , works of art , that reproductive technology became a major cultural mode .
it was in the field of cult and religious objects , of decorative and decorated-utilitarian articles , and of what can eventually be [differentiated] as , in a modern sense , works of art , that reproductive technology became a major cultural mode .

That someone had come from abroad — be it Calais , Cairo , Boulogne or Bucharest : they scarcely distinguished .
that someone had come from abroad — be it calais , cairo , boulogne or bucharest : they scarcely [differentiated] .

She hesitated for a moment , a dim figure in the dark kitchen , distinguished by a brown balloon of a mob-cap and a coarse sacking apron which fell from her neck to her feet like a monstrous bib : it was hard for her to accept defeat .
she hesitated for a moment , a dim figure in the dark kitchen , [differentiated] by a brown balloon of a mob-cap and a coarse sacking apron which fell from her neck to her feet like a monstrous bib : it was hard for her to accept defeat .

It was a place he had visited three times — once to be seen ; the second time to appreciate the sermon which he had afterwards discussed outside the small West Door with the vicar who had been impressed by his distinguished visitor 's passionate piety .
it was a place he had visited three times — once to be seen ; the second time to appreciate the sermon which he had afterwards discussed outside the small west door with the vicar who had been impressed by his [differentiated] visitor 's passionate piety .

Defining a constitution as a framework of political society organised through law , he distinguished between ‘ statutory ’ and ‘ common law ’ types of constitutions .
defining a constitution as a framework of political society organised through law , he [differentiated] between ‘ statutory ’ and ‘ common law ’ types of constitutions .

Finally , the House of Lords provides a forum removed from party ties and considerations , where the experienced and distinguished perform functions of assistance , advice , continuity and , when needed , a measure of restraint on the popularly-elected transient majority in the House of Commons .
finally , the house of lords provides a forum removed from party ties and considerations , where the experienced and [differentiated] perform functions of assistance , advice , continuity and , when needed , a measure of restraint on the popularly-elected transient majority in the house of commons .

The political notion of the ultimate sovereignty of the electorate must be distinguished from the legal doctrine of legislative supremacy : the courts owe their allegiance to the latter and recognise no ‘ trust ’ between Parliament and people .
the political notion of the ultimate sovereignty of the electorate must be [differentiated] from the legal doctrine of legislative supremacy : the courts owe their allegiance to the latter and recognise no ‘ trust ’ between parliament and people .

The quality of the music obviously varies , but many communities have had ( and a few still have ) distinguished musicians and liturgists among their number .
the quality of the music obviously varies , but many communities have had ( and a few still have ) [differentiated] musicians and liturgists among their number .

Whether for special occasions , concerts or visits by distinguished people , there may be the chance for the Church 's music to reach and influence a wider public .
whether for special occasions , concerts or visits by [differentiated] people , there may be the chance for the church 's music to reach and influence a wider public .

Nevertheless , distinguished musicians might be pleased to tackle the challenge of simplicity required by a church with few musical resources , and congregations are not often taken into account in commissioned music .
nevertheless , [differentiated] musicians might be pleased to tackle the challenge of simplicity required by a church with few musical resources , and congregations are not often taken into account in commissioned music .

Yet this distinction is a relatively recent one : Isaac Newton , for example , would not have distinguished so clearly between physics and philosophy .
yet this distinction is a relatively recent one : isaac newton , for example , would not have [differentiated] so clearly between physics and philosophy .

Ho 's biographer insists that he was never blamed for the excesses ; the people distinguished between their revered leader and his ‘ entourage ’ .
ho 's biographer insists that he was never blamed for the excesses ; the people [differentiated] between their revered leader and his ‘ entourage ’ .

Another writer on engineering distinguished between subjects and themes :
another writer on engineering [differentiated] between subjects and themes :

Trow ( 1974 , p. 6.3 ) has distinguished between elite and mass systems of higher education and argues that ‘ Countries that develop a system of elite higher education in modern times seem able to expand it without changing its character in fundamental ways until it is providing places for about 15 % of the age grade .
trow ( 1974 , p. 6.3 ) has [differentiated] between elite and mass systems of higher education and argues that ‘ countries that develop a system of elite higher education in modern times seem able to expand it without changing its character in fundamental ways until it is providing places for about 15 % of the age grade .

Anti-entrepreneurial attitudes must be distinguished from anti-industrial ones ; although they may go together , they need not .
anti-entrepreneurial attitudes must be [differentiated] from anti-industrial ones ; although they may go together , they need not .

At this superficial level , different kinds of speech community shape can be readily distinguished .
at this superficial level , different kinds of speech community shape can be readily [differentiated] .

These divergent states are often subjectively perceived as having distinctive characteristics that mark them out as discrete varieties : people can recognize regional varieties such as ‘ Birmingham ’ English , ‘ Yorkshire ’ English and so on , and they often have a fairly clear idea of how such varieties are distinguished from one another .
these divergent states are often subjectively perceived as having distinctive characteristics that mark them out as discrete varieties : people can recognize regional varieties such as ‘ birmingham ’ english , ‘ yorkshire ’ english and so on , and they often have a fairly clear idea of how such varieties are [differentiated] from one another .

It distinguished management from ownership and established management as work and task in its own right .
it [differentiated] management from ownership and established management as work and task in its own right .

The nature of social representations , in the particular sense of the term , will become clarified by investigating the son of socially shared beliefs which can be distinguished from social representations .
the nature of social representations , in the particular sense of the term , will become clarified by investigating the son of socially shared beliefs which can be [differentiated] from social representations .

In the social sciences , concepts can be distinguished as being universal or particular .
in the social sciences , concepts can be [differentiated] as being universal or particular .

It could be distinguished from an opposing process , which produces a non-material consciousness .
it could be [differentiated] from an opposing process , which produces a non-material consciousness .

The implicit aspects must be taken into account , especially if a phenomenon such as Taking the Side of the Other is to be distinguished from conventional attitude-change .
the implicit aspects must be taken into account , especially if a phenomenon such as taking the side of the other is to be [differentiated] from conventional attitude-change .

Precedents which have been distinguished and confined to their own particular facts .
precedents which have been [differentiated] and confined to their own particular facts .

The work begins in classic Hegelian style : ‘ Mental life begins with an undifferentiated state in which the Ego and its objects are not yet distinguished ; consciousness is filled with impressions and perceptions while the bearer of these contents has still not detached himself from them ’ ( 1978 : 63 ) .
the work begins in classic hegelian style : ‘ mental life begins with an undifferentiated state in which the ego and its objects are not yet [differentiated] ; consciousness is filled with impressions and perceptions while the bearer of these contents has still not detached himself from them ’ ( 1978 : 63 ) .

These works examine infant development from the quite different perspectives of cognitive psychology and psychoanalytic studies respectively , but it is worth noting that , within the context of these separate disciplines , Piaget and Klein are both distinguished by their emphasis upon the early stages of infant development .
these works examine infant development from the quite different perspectives of cognitive psychology and psychoanalytic studies respectively , but it is worth noting that , within the context of these separate disciplines , piaget and klein are both [differentiated] by their emphasis upon the early stages of infant development .

In order to direct the discussion towards the particularity of the artefact form , rather than the problem of the mainly linguistic sign , artefacts need to be explicitly distinguished from language .
in order to direct the discussion towards the particularity of the artefact form , rather than the problem of the mainly linguistic sign , artefacts need to be explicitly [differentiated] from language .

This is a felicitous choice , since it serves the dual purpose of examining design at the same time as providing a basis for a definition of art , from which it is distinguished .
this is a felicitous choice , since it serves the dual purpose of examining design at the same time as providing a basis for a definition of art , from which it is [differentiated] .

It will be clear that for this approach an artefact which already embodies a categorization process is clearly distinguished from a natural object which does not .
it will be clear that for this approach an artefact which already embodies a categorization process is clearly [differentiated] from a natural object which does not .

Thus , the respective roles of the state , labour and different types of capital ( such as large industrial enterprises , other enterprises and financial institutions ) can be distinguished , and the ways in which they have interacted to produce recent economic changes can be analysed .
thus , the respective roles of the state , labour and different types of capital ( such as large industrial enterprises , other enterprises and financial institutions ) can be [differentiated] , and the ways in which they have interacted to produce recent economic changes can be analysed .

He distinguished between the 1960s and the 1970s , arguing that the balance of significant factors had shifted between the two periods .
he [differentiated] between the 1960s and the 1970s , arguing that the balance of significant factors had shifted between the two periods .

In developing his argument Heald ( 1983 ) incorporates his three classifications of accountability with the nine types of accountability distinguished by Smith ( 1980 ) .
in developing his argument heald ( 1983 ) incorporates his three classifications of accountability with the nine types of accountability [differentiated] by smith ( 1980 ) .

Public sector organizations can generally be distinguished as having hierarchical structures composed of responsibility centres : units , sections , departments and divisions .
public sector organizations can generally be [differentiated] as having hierarchical structures composed of responsibility centres : units , sections , departments and divisions .

( iii ) an anomaly which can be cured either by changing one or more closed set items or by replacing one or more open set items is semantic ( albeit with grammatical implications ) if the open set replacements are distinguished by the possession of certain semantic properties ; otherwise , it is purely grammatical .
( iii ) an anomaly which can be cured either by changing one or more closed set items or by replacing one or more open set items is semantic ( albeit with grammatical implications ) if the open set replacements are [differentiated] by the possession of certain semantic properties ; otherwise , it is purely grammatical .

Although we have distinguished five discrete statuses , it must be borne in mind that the reality being described is a continuum — any discreteness is an artefact of the definitions .
although we have [differentiated] five discrete statuses , it must be borne in mind that the reality being described is a continuum — any discreteness is an artefact of the definitions .

Canonical traits can be distinguished from non-canonical expected traits in a number of ways :
canonical traits can be [differentiated] from non-canonical expected traits in a number of ways :

While idioms and dead metaphors must be distinguished , it should also be recognised that they have certain characteristics in common .
while idioms and dead metaphors must be [differentiated] , it should also be recognised that they have certain characteristics in common .

Even if translucency and opacity can be satisfactorily distinguished , it is not necessarily the case that a particular expression can be unambiguously characterised as one or the other .
even if translucency and opacity can be satisfactorily [differentiated] , it is not necessarily the case that a particular expression can be unambiguously characterised as one or the other .

To be worth singling out for special attention , a semantic relation needs to be at least systematic , in the sense that it recurs in a number of pairs or sets of related lexical units ( it will be recalled that the expression lexical unit is used to refer to a lexical form together with a single distinguished sense ) .
to be worth singling out for special attention , a semantic relation needs to be at least systematic , in the sense that it recurs in a number of pairs or sets of related lexical units ( it will be recalled that the expression lexical unit is used to refer to a lexical form together with a single [differentiated] sense ) .

As we shall see in chapter 12 , there are different degrees of synonymity ; the relation defined in terms of truth-conditional relations will be distinguished as cognitive synonymy .
as we shall see in chapter 12 , there are different degrees of synonymity ; the relation defined in terms of truth-conditional relations will be [differentiated] as cognitive synonymy .

Two varieties of compatibility can be distinguished : strict compatibility and contingent compatibility .
two varieties of compatibility can be [differentiated] : strict compatibility and contingent compatibility .

( Within each type , hierarchies may be distinguished by the elements they contain . )
( within each type , hierarchies may be [differentiated] by the elements they contain . )

More importantly , the emphasis still falls on structural features , not on furnishing , inviting Sir John Soane 's criticism of the Adam ( classical ) house — that its interior was too architectural , and insufficiently distinguished from the exterior .
more importantly , the emphasis still falls on structural features , not on furnishing , inviting sir john soane 's criticism of the adam ( classical ) house — that its interior was too architectural , and insufficiently [differentiated] from the exterior .

Mr Lyle , although a commoner , has a very distinguished genealogy , for where the aristocracy are concerned , the further back they go , the better they get .
mr lyle , although a commoner , has a very [differentiated] genealogy , for where the aristocracy are concerned , the further back they go , the better they get .

They are to be distinguished , therefore , from the green lanes that run for more considerable distances , which are portions of through-roads dating from prehistoric times .
they are to be [differentiated] , therefore , from the green lanes that run for more considerable distances , which are portions of through-roads dating from prehistoric times .

Beyond Hasparren is the more picturesque small village of Labastide-Clairence , which has some shabby but distinguished old house fronts , deeply arcaded , in its square .
beyond hasparren is the more picturesque small village of labastide-clairence , which has some shabby but [differentiated] old house fronts , deeply arcaded , in its square .

But architecturally , this is a bland , rather than a distinguished provincial town , and the residential flavour , if you want it , is best to be caught on the north and east sides , where the bourgeois villas are .
but architecturally , this is a bland , rather than a [differentiated] provincial town , and the residential flavour , if you want it , is best to be caught on the north and east sides , where the bourgeois villas are .

Apart from the way that racial meanings are inferred rather than stated openly , these new forms are distinguished by the extent to which they identify race with the terms ‘ culture ’ and ‘ identity ’ , terms which have their own resonance in antiracist orthodoxy .
apart from the way that racial meanings are inferred rather than stated openly , these new forms are [differentiated] by the extent to which they identify race with the terms ‘ culture ’ and ‘ identity ’ , terms which have their own resonance in antiracist orthodoxy .

In addition , a number of distinguished judges have admitted to breaching the exclusionary rule and looking at Hansard in order to seek the intention of Parliament .
in addition , a number of [differentiated] judges have admitted to breaching the exclusionary rule and looking at hansard in order to seek the intention of parliament .

`` This same Mr. Wilson is now a very distinguished gentleman .
`` this same mr. wilson is now a very [differentiated] gentleman .

It might also be thought that seasonal workers would be distinguished from their regular counterparts by special contracts of employment .
it might also be thought that seasonal workers would be [differentiated] from their regular counterparts by special contracts of employment .

Our description of short-term contract working In one of its most traditional forms — seasonal working — has shown that temporary workers can not always be distinguished from regular workers simply by reference to the contract of employment under which they work .
our description of short-term contract working in one of its most traditional forms — seasonal working — has shown that temporary workers can not always be [differentiated] from regular workers simply by reference to the contract of employment under which they work .

Many short-term contract workers are , as a consequence , employed on open-ended contracts and distinguished from regular employees by other terms and conditions of their employment and , where relevant , by the agreement of trade unions not to contest their dismissal .
many short-term contract workers are , as a consequence , employed on open-ended contracts and [differentiated] from regular employees by other terms and conditions of their employment and , where relevant , by the agreement of trade unions not to contest their dismissal .

With respect to certain of the other temporary workers whose use we studied in more detail , it was not their employment status which was of interest but the way in which their `` temporariness `` was distinguished [ see Chapter 7 ] .
with respect to certain of the other temporary workers whose use we studied in more detail , it was not their employment status which was of interest but the way in which their `` temporariness `` was [differentiated] [ see chapter 7 ] .

In particular , males and females can usually be distinguished , and many emit such powerful sexual scents that they can be identified from kilometres away .
in particular , males and females can usually be [differentiated] , and many emit such powerful sexual scents that they can be identified from kilometres away .

In so far as it distinguished between night and day , it was active at night .
in so far as it [differentiated] between night and day , it was active at night .

Listed investments are to be distinguished between those listed on a recognised stock exchange and others .
listed investments are to be [differentiated] between those listed on a recognised stock exchange and others .

Listed investments are to be distinguished between those listed on a recognised stock exchange and others .
listed investments are to be [differentiated] between those listed on a recognised stock exchange and others .

Devise a marking code so that dog-whelks found feeding on the different prey species can be so distinguished .
devise a marking code so that dog-whelks found feeding on the different prey species can be so [differentiated] .

In his contribution to the present volume , the distinguished Soviet historian , Leonid Goryushkin , has added fresh insights to the body of literature on nineteenth and early twentieth-century peasant migration patterns by demonstrating how these reflected the fluctuating social , economic and political policies of the late tsarist regime and by analysing their impact on the agrarian economy and village industries of Siberia in the decades before the first World War .
in his contribution to the present volume , the [differentiated] soviet historian , leonid goryushkin , has added fresh insights to the body of literature on nineteenth and early twentieth-century peasant migration patterns by demonstrating how these reflected the fluctuating social , economic and political policies of the late tsarist regime and by analysing their impact on the agrarian economy and village industries of siberia in the decades before the first world war .

Living meant constant activity to obtain food , shelter and clothing , and the way of life was an integrated one in which work was not distinguished from leisure , and every activity contributed towards the survival of the individual and the community .
living meant constant activity to obtain food , shelter and clothing , and the way of life was an integrated one in which work was not [differentiated] from leisure , and every activity contributed towards the survival of the individual and the community .

And that 's where your problems begin , because at the end of the day it 's the dressing that separates the distinguished from the duff .
and that 's where your problems begin , because at the end of the day it 's the dressing that separates the [differentiated] from the duff .

Thus during the feudal epoch , there are two main classes distinguished by their relationship to land , the crucial part of the means of production in an agricultural society .
thus during the feudal epoch , there are two main classes [differentiated] by their relationship to land , the crucial part of the means of production in an agricultural society .

Marx distinguished between a ‘ class in itself ’ and a ‘ class for itself ’ .
marx [differentiated] between a ‘ class in itself ’ and a ‘ class for itself ’ .

Weber distinguished the following class groupings in capitalist society :
weber [differentiated] the following class groupings in capitalist society :

In a study of Banbury , conducted in the 1950s , Margaret Stacey found that members of the manual working class distinguished three status groups within that class : the ‘ respectable working class ’ , the ‘ ordinary working class ’ and the ‘ rough working class ’ .
in a study of banbury , conducted in the 1950s , margaret stacey found that members of the manual working class [differentiated] three status groups within that class : the ‘ respectable working class ’ , the ‘ ordinary working class ’ and the ‘ rough working class ’ .

In official publications types of manual job are usually distinguished according to levels of skill , with separate categories being used for the unskilled , semi-skilled and skilled manual worker .
in official publications types of manual job are usually [differentiated] according to levels of skill , with separate categories being used for the unskilled , semi-skilled and skilled manual worker .

In Weberian terms , the sort of evidence outlined above can be used to suggest that there is a middle class in Britain , distinguished from the working class through its superior market situation and life chances .
in weberian terms , the sort of evidence outlined above can be used to suggest that there is a middle class in britain , [differentiated] from the working class through its superior market situation and life chances .

He distinguished clearly between velocity and acceleration and asserted that freely falling objects move with a constant acceleration that is independent of their weight , dropping a distance proportional to the square of the time of fall .
he [differentiated] clearly between velocity and acceleration and asserted that freely falling objects move with a constant acceleration that is independent of their weight , dropping a distance proportional to the square of the time of fall .

Whilst sociological analysis is basic within Kuhn 's account , he offers very little in the way of sociological theory and offers no suggestions of how acceptable and unacceptable ways of reaching a consensus are to be distinguished .
whilst sociological analysis is basic within kuhn 's account , he offers very little in the way of sociological theory and offers no suggestions of how acceptable and unacceptable ways of reaching a consensus are to be [differentiated] .

xxii , where his politics are distinguished from those of his Alkmaionid kinsman Megakles ) .
xxii , where his politics are [differentiated] from those of his alkmaionid kinsman megakles ) .

In modern times Sir Isaiah Berlin has distinguished between two ‘ kinds of freedom ’ , freedom from something and freedom to do something .
in modern times sir isaiah berlin has [differentiated] between two ‘ kinds of freedom ’ , freedom from something and freedom to do something .

It was in this social struggle that the typical alliance of lawyers and small landowners that was to control Galician local politics developed ; the lawyers prospered in the complicated disputes and as Morillo , Galicia 's most distinguished Captain General noted , ‘ had absolute domination over the countryside ’ .
it was in this social struggle that the typical alliance of lawyers and small landowners that was to control galician local politics developed ; the lawyers prospered in the complicated disputes and as morillo , galicia 's most [differentiated] captain general noted , ‘ had absolute domination over the countryside ’ .

The watchword ‘ utility ’ , natural to men of government , produced exaggerations that ill became distinguished humanists : Jovellanos and his school held that poetry should be socially useful , Campomanes that the sewing-needle was ‘ more profitable ’ than Aristotle .
the watchword ‘ utility ’ , natural to men of government , produced exaggerations that ill became [differentiated] humanists : jovellanos and his school held that poetry should be socially useful , campomanes that the sewing-needle was ‘ more profitable ’ than aristotle .

In Oviedo an infuriated mob was only prevented from lynching the distinguished poet Meléndez Valdés by the appearance of priests with the exposed host .
in oviedo an infuriated mob was only prevented from lynching the [differentiated] poet meléndez valdés by the appearance of priests with the exposed host .

As such it had serious defects : like all other Spanish parties , the Masons were distinguished by their domestic divisions .
as such it had serious defects : like all other spanish parties , the masons were [differentiated] by their domestic divisions .

Of the two species distinguished by zoologists , one is confined to Africa , the other to southern and south-eastern Asia , including India , Burma , Malaya , Indo-China , Sumatra and Ceylon .
of the two species [differentiated] by zoologists , one is confined to africa , the other to southern and south-eastern asia , including india , burma , malaya , indo-china , sumatra and ceylon .

Two main kinds of European amber have been distinguished on chemical grounds .
two main kinds of european amber have been [differentiated] on chemical grounds .

The French mineralogist Alexis Damour distinguished two main groups , the amphibole rocks represented by nephrite and the pyroxenes which included jadeite and the little used chloromelanite .
the french mineralogist alexis damour [differentiated] two main groups , the amphibole rocks represented by nephrite and the pyroxenes which included jadeite and the little used chloromelanite .

The implications to be drawn , however , are less obvious . Does the sustained militancy of the Russian working class reveal the ‘ law-governed ’ essence of capitalist development and the inevitability of its overthrow , or was the Russian case an aberration , a unique deviant from the norm represented by western Europe ? What was the crucial variable which distinguished the Russian working class from its western counterparts ?
the implications to be drawn , however , are less obvious . does the sustained militancy of the russian working class reveal the ‘ law-governed ’ essence of capitalist development and the inevitability of its overthrow , or was the russian case an aberration , a unique deviant from the norm represented by western europe ? what was the crucial variable which [differentiated] the russian working class from its western counterparts ?

In the Soviet view , as we have seen , it was neither their living standards , nor the prominence of peasant workers among them which distinguished the Russian proletariat from those of the West .
in the soviet view , as we have seen , it was neither their living standards , nor the prominence of peasant workers among them which [differentiated] the russian proletariat from those of the west .

’ Throughout they were distinguished by their ‘ extremism , intolerance , maximalism , irreconcilability with the existing order , doctrinaire faith in theory , idealization of violence , dedication to revolution [ and ] indifference to the means used .
’ throughout they were [differentiated] by their ‘ extremism , intolerance , maximalism , irreconcilability with the existing order , doctrinaire faith in theory , idealization of violence , dedication to revolution [ and ] indifference to the means used .

What distinguished Lenin and his party was that they saw that in Russia liberal rule could be overthrown while capitalism was still in its infancy .
what [differentiated] lenin and his party was that they saw that in russia liberal rule could be overthrown while capitalism was still in its infancy .

Many escaped to Gibraltar , joined the Allied armies and distinguished themselves in the fight against Hitler .
many escaped to gibraltar , joined the allied armies and [differentiated] themselves in the fight against hitler .

This is the idea that denunciation can help to reduce the incidence of crime — a notion which may at first seem somewhat obscure , but which has a distinguished intellectual pedigree .
this is the idea that denunciation can help to reduce the incidence of crime — a notion which may at first seem somewhat obscure , but which has a [differentiated] intellectual pedigree .

He distinguished between simple power ( the ability to make one 's will prevail against the resistance of others ) , domination ( or Herr-schaft : enduring power associated with a habit of obedience on the part of the subordinate person or group ) , and legitimacy ( power which exists and endures because those subject to it believe it is morally right to obey ) .
he [differentiated] between simple power ( the ability to make one 's will prevail against the resistance of others ) , domination ( or herr-schaft : enduring power associated with a habit of obedience on the part of the subordinate person or group ) , and legitimacy ( power which exists and endures because those subject to it believe it is morally right to obey ) .

His Inspector Purbright is a very ordinary man , distinguished only perhaps by the mildly quizzical view of life and humanity he possesses .
his inspector purbright is a very ordinary man , [differentiated] only perhaps by the mildly quizzical view of life and humanity he possesses .

The Kate Greenaway Medal is awarded for the most distinguished illustration in a book for children . The shortlist is :
the kate greenaway medal is awarded for the most [differentiated] illustration in a book for children . the shortlist is :

However , a concern to understand social policy may be distinguished from a preoccupation with the determinants of welfare .
however , a concern to understand social policy may be [differentiated] from a preoccupation with the determinants of welfare .

This discussion has distinguished between policies that ministers can enact with relatively slight implications for their own departments and those that require elaborate departmental involvement .
this discussion has [differentiated] between policies that ministers can enact with relatively slight implications for their own departments and those that require elaborate departmental involvement .

She was so pleased that he was able to talk so frivolously that she hardly distinguished what he was actually saying .
she was so pleased that he was able to talk so frivolously that she hardly [differentiated] what he was actually saying .

Sir Richard Doll 's long and distinguished career as an epidemiologist is to be celebrated on 15 February by a meeting at the Royal Society hosted by the Imperial Cancer Research Fund .
sir richard doll 's long and [differentiated] career as an epidemiologist is to be celebrated on 15 february by a meeting at the royal society hosted by the imperial cancer research fund .

Furthermore , in the absence of data on duration of gestation , the consequences of retarded fetal growth can not be distinguished from those of premature birth .
furthermore , in the absence of data on duration of gestation , the consequences of retarded fetal growth can not be [differentiated] from those of premature birth .

( Suitable for an older man addressing a large , distinguished audience . )
( suitable for an older man addressing a large , [differentiated] audience . )

Compared with other university courses , clinical medicine is distinguished by the contribution of teachers who are themselves practitioners of what they teach .
compared with other university courses , clinical medicine is [differentiated] by the contribution of teachers who are themselves practitioners of what they teach .

This is undoubtedly going to make Baden one of the most important arts centres in Switzerland ( and there are many distinguished < pb n=23 ones ) for the collection is known to include works by Renoir , Monet , Cezanne , Corot , Degas , the Venetians , a priceless array of Asiatic porcelain , Greek ceramics , carpets and marble .
this is undoubtedly going to make baden one of the most important arts centres in switzerland ( and there are many [differentiated] < pb n=23 ones ) for the collection is known to include works by renoir , monet , cezanne , corot , degas , the venetians , a priceless array of asiatic porcelain , greek ceramics , carpets and marble .

The town eventually joined the new Swiss Confederation and played its distinguished part in the final expulsion of the Habsburgs .
the town eventually joined the new swiss confederation and played its [differentiated] part in the final expulsion of the habsburgs .

For the Kunsthaus and its distinguished collection , cross Bellevue Platz , keep on up the Ramstrasse and the Kunsthaus is on your left .
for the kunsthaus and its [differentiated] collection , cross bellevue platz , keep on up the ramstrasse and the kunsthaus is on your left .

There is a distinguished series of subscription concerts from autumn to the succeeding summer ( they still talk with pride of the day in 1934 when Richard Strauss came to conduct his Don Quixote and Alpine Symphony ) but there are also free symphony concerts most weeks in the year , very popular particularly with Winterthur 's younger generation .
there is a [differentiated] series of subscription concerts from autumn to the succeeding summer ( they still talk with pride of the day in 1934 when richard strauss came to conduct his don quixote and alpine symphony ) but there are also free symphony concerts most weeks in the year , very popular particularly with winterthur 's younger generation .

( It is said that distinguished foreign guests of the Swiss Confederation visiting Bern are invariably taken out to dine somewhere in the Emmental . )
( it is said that [differentiated] foreign guests of the swiss confederation visiting bern are invariably taken out to dine somewhere in the emmental . )

Rather , the evidence suggests a classification of teams which distinguishes the core team `` from the `` extended team `` , which in turn is distinguished from the `` service network `` team — if , indeed , a 20-person grouping can be called a team .
rather , the evidence suggests a classification of teams which distinguishes the core team `` from the `` extended team `` , which in turn is [differentiated] from the `` service network `` team — if , indeed , a 20-person grouping can be called a team .

These functions may be distinguished from individual casework ( and particularly the demands of short term crisis management ) which broadly characterises a fieldwork service delivery role .
these functions may be [differentiated] from individual casework ( and particularly the demands of short term crisis management ) which broadly characterises a fieldwork service delivery role .

Dr Greenaway was therefore not only a very distinguished President but he and his wife Marion , who predeceased him in 1981 , were extremely popular with the deaf community .
dr greenaway was therefore not only a very [differentiated] president but he and his wife marion , who predeceased him in 1981 , were extremely popular with the deaf community .

Distinguished academics from America , where `` total communication `` is the norm in education , and the achievements of the deaf community far exceed the achievements of ours , gave the key lectures .
[differentiated] academics from america , where `` total communication `` is the norm in education , and the achievements of the deaf community far exceed the achievements of ours , gave the key lectures .

Destined for a distinguished career in the Church of England he lost his hearing through illness within four years of his ordination .
destined for a [differentiated] career in the church of england he lost his hearing through illness within four years of his ordination .

He had been earmarked as a potential leader , in 1979 , by winning the Oloman-Ellis Award , which the National Council of Social Workers with the Deaf inaugurated in 1977 to commemorate the lives of two of their most distinguished members , Robert Stavers Oloman of York and Joseph Ellis of Stoke-on-Trent .
he had been earmarked as a potential leader , in 1979 , by winning the oloman-ellis award , which the national council of social workers with the deaf inaugurated in 1977 to commemorate the lives of two of their most [differentiated] members , robert stavers oloman of york and joseph ellis of stoke-on-trent .

He held several distinguished posts here and took British citizenship in 1939 .
he held several [differentiated] posts here and took british citizenship in 1939 .

The obstacles to preventive research are found in many countries , including Britain , which has a distinguished history in epidemiology , public health , and preventive medicine .
the obstacles to preventive research are found in many countries , including britain , which has a [differentiated] history in epidemiology , public health , and preventive medicine .

Yet in Greek philosophy , it appears , these two senses of to be were not always very clearly distinguished from each other , and sometimes moreover there was a strong tendency to amalgamate them in a single concept . ``
yet in greek philosophy , it appears , these two senses of to be were not always very clearly [differentiated] from each other , and sometimes moreover there was a strong tendency to amalgamate them in a single concept . ``

Although he maintains that every monad is distinguished from every other in virtue of the attributes it has , he nevertheless refuses to regard monads as mere agglomerations ' of attributes — or what might be more appropriately described as groups or `` bundles `` of qualities , without a `` substratum `` .
although he maintains that every monad is [differentiated] from every other in virtue of the attributes it has , he nevertheless refuses to regard monads as mere agglomerations ' of attributes — or what might be more appropriately described as groups or `` bundles `` of qualities , without a `` substratum `` .

So the problem before us is this : that whereas the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity is both logically and epistemologically indispensable , this distinction can not be defined in terms of any set of criteria under which individuals are re-identified and distinguished from species .
so the problem before us is this : that whereas the distinction between numerical and qualitative identity is both logically and epistemologically indispensable , this distinction can not be defined in terms of any set of criteria under which individuals are re-identified and [differentiated] from species .

It is maintained , accordingly , that an ontological existent can be fully described and distinguished from any other similar existent in terms of its properties alone , and that its `` relational `` no less than any of its other properties are part of its essential description .
it is maintained , accordingly , that an ontological existent can be fully described and [differentiated] from any other similar existent in terms of its properties alone , and that its `` relational `` no less than any of its other properties are part of its essential description .

what such instances are , and how they can be identified and distinguished from each other .
what such instances are , and how they can be identified and [differentiated] from each other .

In other words , there was no hope of `` defining `` this distinction in terms of the criteria whereby individuals might be distinguished from species .
in other words , there was no hope of `` defining `` this distinction in terms of the criteria whereby individuals might be [differentiated] from species .

Once it is suspected that the archaeological levels have been reached or almost reached , the excavation area is cleaned up using hand tools , and all the loose earth is removed so that any differences in the colour and texture of the soil can be distinguished .
once it is suspected that the archaeological levels have been reached or almost reached , the excavation area is cleaned up using hand tools , and all the loose earth is removed so that any differences in the colour and texture of the soil can be [differentiated] .

This has to be distinguished very carefully from that kind of reformism which is simply concerned with the amelioration of an existing capitalist social order .
this has to be [differentiated] very carefully from that kind of reformism which is simply concerned with the amelioration of an existing capitalist social order .

Consideration will also be given to the nature of culture and of civil society , of the domains of everyday life which are to be distinguished from ‘ economic ’ and ‘ state ’ spheres , but are crucial to the constituting of state and economy .
consideration will also be given to the nature of culture and of civil society , of the domains of everyday life which are to be [differentiated] from ‘ economic ’ and ‘ state ’ spheres , but are crucial to the constituting of state and economy .

Organized capitalism is distinguished by centralization of capital and the increased interconnection between finance and industrial capital .
organized capitalism is [differentiated] by centralization of capital and the increased interconnection between finance and industrial capital .

Offe 's account of the state has to be distinguished from ‘ capital derivative ’ versions and offers an account of why the state favours capital within capitalism by pointing out that as the state apparatus depends on revenues drawn from capitalist accumulation , it depends on stable accumulation for its own functioning . As Held and Krieger ( 1983 : 489 ) put it ( noting ‘ the interesting parallel to the corporatist view ’ ) :
offe 's account of the state has to be [differentiated] from ‘ capital derivative ’ versions and offers an account of why the state favours capital within capitalism by pointing out that as the state apparatus depends on revenues drawn from capitalist accumulation , it depends on stable accumulation for its own functioning . as held and krieger ( 1983 : 489 ) put it ( noting ‘ the interesting parallel to the corporatist view ’ ) :

At the level of political action two components have to be carefully distinguished .
at the level of political action two components have to be carefully [differentiated] .

At the beginning of this section , we distinguished two kinds of explanation of ethnic disadvantage ; one concentrates on racism and discrimination and the other on the economic mechanisms of the British class structure .
at the beginning of this section , we [differentiated] two kinds of explanation of ethnic disadvantage ; one concentrates on racism and discrimination and the other on the economic mechanisms of the british class structure .

The Committee distinguished tribunals from ‘ ordinary courts ’ but went on to say :
the committee [differentiated] tribunals from ‘ ordinary courts ’ but went on to say :

This should be distinguished from the Appeal Committee which considers applications for leave to appeal .
this should be [differentiated] from the appeal committee which considers applications for leave to appeal .

This distinguished between benefices which involved the cure of souls and those which did not ( which were , in the Latin term , sinecures ) , although these last were not necessarily without responsibilities and duties .
this [differentiated] between benefices which involved the cure of souls and those which did not ( which were , in the latin term , sinecures ) , although these last were not necessarily without responsibilities and duties .

Among the religious who distinguished themselves in combat was the abbot of Battle — that ‘ outstanding warrior in monk 's habit ’ , as one chronicler described him — who twice , in 1376 and 1377 , defended the town of Winchelsea from French raiders .
among the religious who [differentiated] themselves in combat was the abbot of battle — that ‘ outstanding warrior in monk 's habit ’ , as one chronicler described him — who twice , in 1376 and 1377 , defended the town of winchelsea from french raiders .

It would then be adopting route 1 , as distinguished in 2.2 .
it would then be adopting route 1 , as [differentiated] in 2.2 .

It is clear here that Chisholm is following the traditional line that all apparent error in beliefs about our sensory states is verbal error , and that verbal error is to be distinguished from substantial error .
it is clear here that chisholm is following the traditional line that all apparent error in beliefs about our sensory states is verbal error , and that verbal error is to be [differentiated] from substantial error .

These two types of meaning are distinguished by the terms semantic meaning ( the fixed context-free meaning ) and pragmatic meaning ( the meaning which the words take on in a particular context , between particular people ) .
these two types of meaning are [differentiated] by the terms semantic meaning ( the fixed context-free meaning ) and pragmatic meaning ( the meaning which the words take on in a particular context , between particular people ) .

We distinguished three calls : the territorial trill , ‘ Dididididi ’ ; a clear , ringing contact call , ‘ Pui , pui , pui ’ : and another , faster , ‘ Pi-pi-pi-pi-pi ’ .
we [differentiated] three calls : the territorial trill , ‘ dididididi ’ ; a clear , ringing contact call , ‘ pui , pui , pui ’ : and another , faster , ‘ pi-pi-pi-pi-pi ’ .

Some of this Katherine gleaned dimly from the set of house rules she read through three times in a room distinguished only by orderly barrenness .
some of this katherine gleaned dimly from the set of house rules she read through three times in a room [differentiated] only by orderly barrenness .

Somebody very distinguished had played the part in the last London production .
somebody very [differentiated] had played the part in the last london production .

Every tree which occurs in computing has a distinguished node , called its root .
every tree which occurs in computing has a [differentiated] node , called its root .

Clustering algorithms can also be distinguished by the natures of the clusters which they form .
clustering algorithms can also be [differentiated] by the natures of the clusters which they form .

The first plaintiff , is a distinguished musician .
the first plaintiff , is a [differentiated] musician .

The Act distinguished clearly between ‘ rules of conduct , ’ which are to be scrutinised and approved within the new statutory machinery , in which the ‘ designated judges : ’ see section 119 ( 1 ) , each have a crucially important role to play : see Schedule 4 , paragraphs 5 ( 10 ) , 11 ( 10 ) and 16 ( 4 ) , and ‘ mechanism for enforcing the rules of conduct : ’ see section 17 ( 3 ) ( b ) .
the act [differentiated] clearly between ‘ rules of conduct , ’ which are to be scrutinised and approved within the new statutory machinery , in which the ‘ designated judges : ’ see section 119 ( 1 ) , each have a crucially important role to play : see schedule 4 , paragraphs 5 ( 10 ) , 11 ( 10 ) and 16 ( 4 ) , and ‘ mechanism for enforcing the rules of conduct : ’ see section 17 ( 3 ) ( b ) .

He then distinguished Bainbrigge v. Browne , 18 Ch.D. 188 on the ground of ‘ the case not being one where there was a necessary presumption that … influence existed . ’
he then [differentiated] bainbrigge v. browne , 18 ch.d. 188 on the ground of ‘ the case not being one where there was a necessary presumption that … influence existed . ’

… the unilateral assumption of the conduct of matters by the son must be distinguished from the son acting as agent for plaintiffs in the procuring of the signatures of his parents to the deeds .
… the unilateral assumption of the conduct of matters by the son must be [differentiated] from the son acting as agent for plaintiffs in the procuring of the signatures of his parents to the deeds .

Gallon distinguished that case from Kings North Trust Ltd. v. Bell .
gallon [differentiated] that case from kings north trust ltd. v. bell .

It had been argued for the defendant that the payments had been made voluntarily to close the transaction , but Lord Reading held that payment under the type of pressure he had described was not so made . Later he distinguished payment under threatened seizure of goods from payment in consequence of a threat of action , saying , at pp. 121–122 :
it had been argued for the defendant that the payments had been made voluntarily to close the transaction , but lord reading held that payment under the type of pressure he had described was not so made . later he [differentiated] payment under threatened seizure of goods from payment in consequence of a threat of action , saying , at pp. 121–122 :

By analysing element of the calls back at the laboratory , the biologists were able to show that the prairie dogs distinguished between them reasonably well , effectively creating a distinctive call for each person .
by analysing element of the calls back at the laboratory , the biologists were able to show that the prairie dogs [differentiated] between them reasonably well , effectively creating a distinctive call for each person .

It is distinguished from all other pigs in that , instead of building a nest of leaves and grass , it lives in holes originally dug by another animal , the aardvark .
it is [differentiated] from all other pigs in that , instead of building a nest of leaves and grass , it lives in holes originally dug by another animal , the aardvark .

County NatWest retail analyst John Richards says Ratners should have distinguished its brands more fully two years ago and that the jeweller is running the risk of becoming a British Shoe Corporation where ‘ there are endless stores and only the name is the difference ’ .
county natwest retail analyst john richards says ratners should have [differentiated] its brands more fully two years ago and that the jeweller is running the risk of becoming a british shoe corporation where ‘ there are endless stores and only the name is the difference ’ .

Bagehot distinguished the `` dignified `` from the `` efficient `` parts of the Constitution .
bagehot [differentiated] the `` dignified `` from the `` efficient `` parts of the constitution .

To this end Dicey distinguished legal sovereignty ( which was with Parliament ) from political sovereignty ( which was with the electorate ) .
to this end dicey [differentiated] legal sovereignty ( which was with parliament ) from political sovereignty ( which was with the electorate ) .

In 1989/90 , the University of Birmingham has honoured fourteen highly distinguished people in this way .
in 1989/90 , the university of birmingham has honoured fourteen highly [differentiated] people in this way .

Already thronging with music students and hosting a regular series of free concerts and recitals by distinguished musicians , it will soon provide the new home for undergraduates in the fine arts and gain a new lease on life .
already thronging with music students and hosting a regular series of free concerts and recitals by [differentiated] musicians , it will soon provide the new home for undergraduates in the fine arts and gain a new lease on life .

The Mass and Vespers nicely illustrate the stylistic dichotomy of church music which was to last for a very long time and which Monteverdi had already distinguished in the foreword to his Fifth Book of madrigals as prima and seconda pratica .
the mass and vespers nicely illustrate the stylistic dichotomy of church music which was to last for a very long time and which monteverdi had already [differentiated] in the foreword to his fifth book of madrigals as prima and seconda pratica .

In these pieces the three higher parts are clearly distinguished from the two lower and given showy coloratura .
in these pieces the three higher parts are clearly [differentiated] from the two lower and given showy coloratura .

By about the time when Belli published his Arie , this strophic form which Caccini had clearly distinguished from the solo madrigals in his Nuove musiche was overtaking the madrigal in popularity and quickly surpassed it .
by about the time when belli published his arie , this strophic form which caccini had clearly [differentiated] from the solo madrigals in his nuove musiche was overtaking the madrigal in popularity and quickly surpassed it .

rather variable in size , distinguished from all three curlews by their straight bills and in summer also by their handsome rufous plumage .
rather variable in size , [differentiated] from all three curlews by their straight bills and in summer also by their handsome rufous plumage .

Spotted Woodpeckers : Dendrocopos. pp. 195–97 . Black and white woodpeckers , distinguished from each other and from the Three-toed Woodpecker ( p. 197 ) as follows :
spotted woodpeckers : dendrocopos. pp. 195–97 . black and white woodpeckers , [differentiated] from each other and from the three-toed woodpecker ( p. 197 ) as follows :

Such economies of scale must be distinguished from savings through fuller utilization of existing capacity , which spreads the fixed costs of a specific existing piece of plant over more units .
such economies of scale must be [differentiated] from savings through fuller utilization of existing capacity , which spreads the fixed costs of a specific existing piece of plant over more units .

The man who made the invitation was very like his father , but without the vitality that had distinguished Marius Steen .
the man who made the invitation was very like his father , but without the vitality that had [differentiated] marius steen .

He sat back , studying the hologram a moment , conscious of how it waited for him , displaying that unquestioning patience that distinguished the mechanical from the human .
he sat back , studying the hologram a moment , conscious of how it waited for him , displaying that unquestioning patience that [differentiated] the mechanical from the human .

Davide Pittagora had been born in Rupe , ancient Rubi , a great centre of vase-painting , not quite as cosmopolitan as Taranto on the coast , for the Ionian port could attend a wealthier class of customer , but a distinguished artists ' colony , up in the fresher air of the hills , away from the hot sandpaper winds that blew the trade into Riba and her sister harbours , Dolmetta , Tirrani , and , further south , Brindisi .
davide pittagora had been born in rupe , ancient rubi , a great centre of vase-painting , not quite as cosmopolitan as taranto on the coast , for the ionian port could attend a wealthier class of customer , but a [differentiated] artists ' colony , up in the fresher air of the hills , away from the hot sandpaper winds that blew the trade into riba and her sister harbours , dolmetta , tirrani , and , further south , brindisi .

In accepting that the world occupied by a majority of adult women would be different from that of men , feminists distinguished themselves from the mainstream of opinion only by their refusal to accept that women 's role was thereby rendered inferior .
in accepting that the world occupied by a majority of adult women would be different from that of men , feminists [differentiated] themselves from the mainstream of opinion only by their refusal to accept that women 's role was thereby rendered inferior .

In this painting the various forms of the body are distinguished from each other by heavy black outlines and , as in African bronzes , by the direction of the striations with which they are covered .
in this painting the various forms of the body are [differentiated] from each other by heavy black outlines and , as in african bronzes , by the direction of the striations with which they are covered .

The vital point , brought out forcefully by Fuller , is that just as adjudication is distinguished by the form of participation that it confers so are other types of decision-making , and just as the nature of adjudication shapes the procedures relevant to its decisional form so do other species of decision-making .
the vital point , brought out forcefully by fuller , is that just as adjudication is [differentiated] by the form of participation that it confers so are other types of decision-making , and just as the nature of adjudication shapes the procedures relevant to its decisional form so do other species of decision-making .

The Woodward team not only distinguished between small and large batches , as described in paragraph 5 above , but also between large batches produced by single machines or batteries of machines and large batches produced on assembly lines .
the woodward team not only [differentiated] between small and large batches , as described in paragraph 5 above , but also between large batches produced by single machines or batteries of machines and large batches produced on assembly lines .

Its Presidents now served for short terms , and were always very distinguished men of science .
its presidents now served for short terms , and were always very [differentiated] men of science .

Earlier atomism had always involved atoms ultimately of the same stuff ; and in the nineteenth century ‘ physical atoms ’ , the real ultimate building-blocks of the world ( probably of very few different sorts ) were distinguished from Dalton 's ‘ chemical atoms ’ , the smallest units taking part in chemical changes .
earlier atomism had always involved atoms ultimately of the same stuff ; and in the nineteenth century ‘ physical atoms ’ , the real ultimate building-blocks of the world ( probably of very few different sorts ) were [differentiated] from dalton 's ‘ chemical atoms ’ , the smallest units taking part in chemical changes .

They realized that each element had its own spectrum , a pattern of bright lines ( from which the ubiquitous sodium lines could be distinguished ) ; and they used the spectroscope to detect two new metals , caesium and rubidium , which they were then able to isolate .
they realized that each element had its own spectrum , a pattern of bright lines ( from which the ubiquitous sodium lines could be [differentiated] ) ; and they used the spectroscope to detect two new metals , caesium and rubidium , which they were then able to isolate .

Others , several of them very distinguished , recognized that great care was necessary but believed that they were seeing something so important that it ought to be properly investigated .
others , several of them very [differentiated] , recognized that great care was necessary but believed that they were seeing something so important that it ought to be properly investigated .

Journals which published it , and editors who included it , ceased to be fully respectable ; this message got through to Crookes , and he stopped his active propaganda , though apparently never ceasing to believe that some of the phenomena he had witnessed , often in distinguished and reliable company , were genuine .
journals which published it , and editors who included it , ceased to be fully respectable ; this message got through to crookes , and he stopped his active propaganda , though apparently never ceasing to believe that some of the phenomena he had witnessed , often in [differentiated] and reliable company , were genuine .

Social elitism , however , needs to be distinguished from political elitism : Labour and Conservative councillors on a local authority could easily have relatively similar ( and relatively elitist ) social backgrounds but very different political priorities .
social elitism , however , needs to be [differentiated] from political elitism : labour and conservative councillors on a local authority could easily have relatively similar ( and relatively elitist ) social backgrounds but very different political priorities .

Marxist and elitists of course argue that expressed or perceived political preferences can he distinguished from ‘ objective ’ interests .
marxist and elitists of course argue that expressed or perceived political preferences can he [differentiated] from ‘ objective ’ interests .

Ungar 's experiments were done before other research — which was to lead in due course to the opening up of a major new branch of neuropharmacology and to the making of some very distinguished scientific reputations — had revealed how important many peptides were in the brain .
ungar 's experiments were done before other research — which was to lead in due course to the opening up of a major new branch of neuropharmacology and to the making of some very [differentiated] scientific reputations — had revealed how important many peptides were in the brain .

Two subzones are usually distinguished .
two subzones are usually [differentiated] .

Three main water masses can be distinguished within the Antarctic Convergence ( Knox , 1970 ) .
three main water masses can be [differentiated] within the antarctic convergence ( knox , 1970 ) .

Through it , in the ghostly light from the street lamp , she distinguished the tangled duvet , her dressing gown slung over an ebonised chair and a French Empire mirror with a sphinx carved at the apex , of which she was particularly proud .
through it , in the ghostly light from the street lamp , she [differentiated] the tangled duvet , her dressing gown slung over an ebonised chair and a french empire mirror with a sphinx carved at the apex , of which she was particularly proud .

Four ways of thinking about the relationship between central and local government in Britain have been distinguished ( Rhodes , 1979 ) .
four ways of thinking about the relationship between central and local government in britain have been [differentiated] ( rhodes , 1979 ) .

Taxes are thus to be distinguished from voluntary contributions .
taxes are thus to be [differentiated] from voluntary contributions .

This kind of tactical reasoning must , however , be sharply distinguished from the argument for voluntary or charitable sources of income with which we are concerned in this chapter .
this kind of tactical reasoning must , however , be sharply [differentiated] from the argument for voluntary or charitable sources of income with which we are concerned in this chapter .

Boswell raised the topic of emigration : Johnson distinguished between its value to ‘ a man of mere animal life ’ and ‘ a man of any intellectual enjoyment ’ : the former content to wait for the earth to produce , the latter unlikely to wish barbarism upon himself and his descendants .
boswell raised the topic of emigration : johnson [differentiated] between its value to ‘ a man of mere animal life ’ and ‘ a man of any intellectual enjoyment ’ : the former content to wait for the earth to produce , the latter unlikely to wish barbarism upon himself and his descendants .

First of all , they viewed the Marischal College , and at one o'clock went to the Town House , or Town Hall , where the magistrates waited to honour their distinguished visitor .
first of all , they viewed the marischal college , and at one o'clock went to the town house , or town hall , where the magistrates waited to honour their [differentiated] visitor .

Within the inn at Anoch , walled with thick turves of earth , wainscotted with wicker , and by its chimney distinguished from the other two huts nearby , the landlord and his daughter — no mention of a Mrs McQueen — served them a meal of eggs , chicken , sausage and mutton , with rum .
within the inn at anoch , walled with thick turves of earth , wainscotted with wicker , and by its chimney [differentiated] from the other two huts nearby , the landlord and his daughter — no mention of a mrs mcqueen — served them a meal of eggs , chicken , sausage and mutton , with rum .

Moreover , the examples Couturier gives are of multiple discrete points of view carefully distinguished within the novels in question ( The Sound and the Fury , Pale Fire ) , whereas the mutable point of view employed in Verbivore is a technique developed out of the possibilities inherent in print , but moving toward the mutability of cybernetic text .
moreover , the examples couturier gives are of multiple discrete points of view carefully [differentiated] within the novels in question ( the sound and the fury , pale fire ) , whereas the mutable point of view employed in verbivore is a technique developed out of the possibilities inherent in print , but moving toward the mutability of cybernetic text .

Whatever one 's opinions of their sentences there is no doubt that the defendants received much gentler treatment than less distinguished offenders .
whatever one 's opinions of their sentences there is no doubt that the defendants received much gentler treatment than less [differentiated] offenders .

The Cottage suite is distinguished by its pretty shapes and proportions , featuring a charming fluted design , which extends from the pedestal basin to the bath and w.c .
the cottage suite is [differentiated] by its pretty shapes and proportions , featuring a charming fluted design , which extends from the pedestal basin to the bath and w.c .

a talk by a distinguished invited speaker
a talk by a [differentiated] invited speaker

The guidelines issued in 1988 distinguished between activities within school hours and out-of-school activities .
the guidelines issued in 1988 [differentiated] between activities within school hours and out-of-school activities .

Three new works by the distinguished British sculptor Anthony Caro are to be exhibited in London 's Tate Gallery 's three central sculpture halls .
three new works by the [differentiated] british sculptor anthony caro are to be exhibited in london 's tate gallery 's three central sculpture halls .

George Costakis owns the world 's most distinguished private collection of Russian avant-garde art , and 22 important works from it are being offered for sale at Sotheby 's on 4 April .
george costakis owns the world 's most [differentiated] private collection of russian avant-garde art , and 22 important works from it are being offered for sale at sotheby 's on 4 april .

For two weeks from 9–21 April , the distinguished French parfumier and ‘ nose ’ Guy Robert will be in the store .
for two weeks from 9–21 april , the [differentiated] french parfumier and ‘ nose ’ guy robert will be in the store .

He created the first Mary Quant perfume and a fragrance for the distinguished British designer Jean Muir .
he created the first mary quant perfume and a fragrance for the [differentiated] british designer jean muir .

The 76th was known as The Hindustan Regiment because of its distinguished service in the Hindustan Campaign of 1803–1805 .
the 76th was known as the hindustan regiment because of its [differentiated] service in the hindustan campaign of 1803–1805 .

This award was instituted in 1900 in recognition of French firemen who distinguished themselves through their courageous actions ; or those who completed thirty years of irreproachable service .
this award was instituted in 1900 in recognition of french firemen who [differentiated] themselves through their courageous actions ; or those who completed thirty years of irreproachable service .

Nicol had betaken himself to his due place among the servants , and Tutilo , silent and self-effacing among such distinguished company , was down at the end among the clerks and chaplains , and wary of opening his mouth even there .
nicol had betaken himself to his due place among the servants , and tutilo , silent and self-effacing among such [differentiated] company , was down at the end among the clerks and chaplains , and wary of opening his mouth even there .

Sub-Prior Herluin , on his way to dine with Abbot Radulfus and the distinguished company at his lodging , and pleasantly gratified at the invitation , was confronted in mid-court with a meek petitioner in the shape of Tutilo , all duty and service , asking leave of absence to visit the Lady Donata at Longner .
sub-prior herluin , on his way to dine with abbot radulfus and the [differentiated] company at his lodging , and pleasantly gratified at the invitation , was confronted in mid-court with a meek petitioner in the shape of tutilo , all duty and service , asking leave of absence to visit the lady donata at longner .

He put his reading glasses on and looked more closely at it ; there were , he knew , dozens of different kinds of wood-lice , all classified , all named , distinguished by minute anatomical refinements , small but significant differences in the antennae or the genitalia .
he put his reading glasses on and looked more closely at it ; there were , he knew , dozens of different kinds of wood-lice , all classified , all named , [differentiated] by minute anatomical refinements , small but significant differences in the antennae or the genitalia .

Wulfhere 's reign is primarily distinguished in the surviving record , however , by his re-establishment of the Mercians as a significant political and military force in southern England and it is difficult to envisage Oswiu , king of the northern Angles , maintaining after c .
wulfhere 's reign is primarily [differentiated] in the surviving record , however , by his re-establishment of the mercians as a significant political and military force in southern england and it is difficult to envisage oswiu , king of the northern angles , maintaining after c .

Wihtred 's long reign , though devoid of known incident , is distinguished as a period of close co-operation between the royal court and the Church in Kent under Archbishop Beorhtwald .
wihtred 's long reign , though devoid of known incident , is [differentiated] as a period of close co-operation between the royal court and the church in kent under archbishop beorhtwald .

Guthlac himself was of distinguished Mercian stock and a descendant of the Iclingas , the Mercian royal dynasty ( Vita Guthlaci , chs 1 , 2 ) , and formerly an exile in the time of Ceolred 's father , Aethelred , among the Britons ( Vita Guthlaci , ch .
guthlac himself was of [differentiated] mercian stock and a descendant of the iclingas , the mercian royal dynasty ( vita guthlaci , chs 1 , 2 ) , and formerly an exile in the time of ceolred 's father , aethelred , among the britons ( vita guthlaci , ch .

Control was possible by exerting the power of the intellect and those ‘ moral capabilities ’ which distinguished man from the animals .
control was possible by exerting the power of the intellect and those ‘ moral capabilities ’ which [differentiated] man from the animals .

The daughter of a distinguished Cambridge mathematics tutor , she began work as a Sunday school teacher in the 1850s .
the daughter of a [differentiated] cambridge mathematics tutor , she began work as a sunday school teacher in the 1850s .

What distinguished eugenists from Farr and his colleagues were the laws and theoretical concepts used to assess the population .
what [differentiated] eugenists from farr and his colleagues were the laws and theoretical concepts used to assess the population .

The main conclusions of the debate are summarised in Hudson ( 1985 ) , where three conceptions of linguistic equality are distinguished :
the main conclusions of the debate are summarised in hudson ( 1985 ) , where three conceptions of linguistic equality are [differentiated] :

Lectures have been discarded in all in-service and ( apart from occasional ‘ distinguished person ’ visits ) initial training courses , in favour of workshop and seminar activities .
lectures have been discarded in all in-service and ( apart from occasional ‘ [differentiated] person ’ visits ) initial training courses , in favour of workshop and seminar activities .

Although he distinguished four basic types of organization , he rejected any suggestion that the underlying unity within each type had any mystical significance .
although he [differentiated] four basic types of organization , he rejected any suggestion that the underlying unity within each type had any mystical significance .

He distinguished five botanical zones , but went beyond Watson by suggesting that each had been established by a separate episode of migration from a different continental source .
he [differentiated] five botanical zones , but went beyond watson by suggesting that each had been established by a separate episode of migration from a different continental source .

‘ Tristram Abberley was a distinguished poet , ’ said Golding , refusing , it seemed , to be provoked .
‘ tristram abberley was a [differentiated] poet , ’ said golding , refusing , it seemed , to be provoked .

‘ The most distinguished address in Ireland , ’ boasted the legend on the desk notepad .
‘ the most [differentiated] address in ireland , ’ boasted the legend on the desk notepad .

He was a tall , attractive man in his mid-forties , the grey hair at his temples giving him a distinguished look .
he was a tall , attractive man in his mid-forties , the grey hair at his temples giving him a [differentiated] look .

Some national newspapers have begun , in their obituary columns , to acknowledge that their subjects , no matter how distinguished , have been like the rest of us , part saint , part sinner .
some national newspapers have begun , in their obituary columns , to acknowledge that their subjects , no matter how [differentiated] , have been like the rest of us , part saint , part sinner .

Gradually , as they stole up to the Belmont stockade , Dulé distinguished different sounds — the fierce explosions of musket fire , the shrieking of the attackers , the yells and shouts and curses and groans of fighting men , their voices thick with fury , the different languages reduced to meaninglessness by the struggles , as men grappled , stabbed , battered , poked at one another 's eyes and even bit one another in the combat at close quarters ; while at a distance the screams of rage and pain merged with the volleys of musket fire and the singing of the arrows .
gradually , as they stole up to the belmont stockade , dulé [differentiated] different sounds — the fierce explosions of musket fire , the shrieking of the attackers , the yells and shouts and curses and groans of fighting men , their voices thick with fury , the different languages reduced to meaninglessness by the struggles , as men grappled , stabbed , battered , poked at one another 's eyes and even bit one another in the combat at close quarters ; while at a distance the screams of rage and pain merged with the volleys of musket fire and the singing of the arrows .

That set of questions has to be distinguished from those we can pose on the second level of culture .
that set of questions has to be [differentiated] from those we can pose on the second level of culture .

With these two levels of culture within higher education having been distinguished , let us look in more detail at them .
with these two levels of culture within higher education having been [differentiated] , let us look in more detail at them .

For while it is the case that the academic community is distinguished by its ‘ elaborated ’ discourse ( Gouldner 1976 ) , it is more to the point that each disciplinary community has developed its own elaborated discourse .
for while it is the case that the academic community is [differentiated] by its ‘ elaborated ’ discourse ( gouldner 1976 ) , it is more to the point that each disciplinary community has developed its own elaborated discourse .

‘ Cognitive-instrumental rationality ’ is linked to ‘ action oriented to success ’ ; and within this form of rationality can be distinguished two sub-forms .
‘ cognitive-instrumental rationality ’ is linked to ‘ action oriented to success ’ ; and within this form of rationality can be [differentiated] two sub-forms .

More recently , Habermas has distinguished a domain of critical thinking separate from the two domains of purposive means-end thought and thought founded on human interaction .
more recently , habermas has [differentiated] a domain of critical thinking separate from the two domains of purposive means-end thought and thought founded on human interaction .

Richard Peters once distinguished between a teacher being an authority and being in authority .
richard peters once [differentiated] between a teacher being an authority and being in authority .

However , the one thing that instantly distinguished PageMaker from the rest was the fact that it had been designed to work in the same way as a traditional paste-up table .
however , the one thing that instantly [differentiated] pagemaker from the rest was the fact that it had been designed to work in the same way as a traditional paste-up table .

Max Weber criticised the Marxist view for being over- generalised . He distinguished between different aspects of social stratification , including dimensions which could overlap class boundaries , eg. :
max weber criticised the marxist view for being over- generalised . he [differentiated] between different aspects of social stratification , including dimensions which could overlap class boundaries , eg. :

Rensis Likert distinguished four systems of management :
rensis likert [differentiated] four systems of management :

The colour of the old breed was distinguished by the now obsolete term sorrel — a name which still remains in many Suffolk inns .
the colour of the old breed was [differentiated] by the now obsolete term sorrel — a name which still remains in many suffolk inns .

’ This is the time when the blackthorn breaks in its spectacular blossom ; and , strangely enough , within the writer 's experience , this period often coincides with a cold spell distinguished by east or north-east winds .
’ this is the time when the blackthorn breaks in its spectacular blossom ; and , strangely enough , within the writer 's experience , this period often coincides with a cold spell [differentiated] by east or north-east winds .

School monitors are distinguished in many ways , the most obvious being the vermilion gown ; they may also grow a moustache .
school monitors are [differentiated] in many ways , the most obvious being the vermilion gown ; they may also grow a moustache .

On 20 August 1584 he was apprenticed for eight years from 29 September to the distinguished printer Henry Denham [ q.v . ]
on 20 august 1584 he was apprenticed for eight years from 29 september to the [differentiated] printer henry denham [ q.v . ]

One son became a distinguished chemist and fellow of the Royal Society , another a well-known geologist .
one son became a [differentiated] chemist and fellow of the royal society , another a well-known geologist .

Orchard was one of the most distinguished architects of his time and seems throughout to have dealt with works in Oxford and the neighbourhood .
orchard was one of the most [differentiated] architects of his time and seems throughout to have dealt with works in oxford and the neighbourhood .

Before a distinguished audience Dr Robert Koch , the eminent Berlin bacteriologist , who in 1882 had described the tubercle bacillus , lecturing on the subject of the disease , stated positively that the bacillus found in infected animals could not be transferred to human beings .
before a [differentiated] audience dr robert koch , the eminent berlin bacteriologist , who in 1882 had described the tubercle bacillus , lecturing on the subject of the disease , stated positively that the bacillus found in infected animals could not be transferred to human beings .

Here he also distinguished himself in athletics and rowing .
here he also [differentiated] himself in athletics and rowing .

This book became the focus of a notable quarrel with another distinguished writing-master , John Clark [ q.v . ]
this book became the focus of a notable quarrel with another [differentiated] writing-master , john clark [ q.v . ]

Very little is known of his early life : Matthias Koops stated that he had ‘ for several years served in different distinguished military characters , under the late Emperor of Germany , and King of Prussia ’ .
very little is known of his early life : matthias koops stated that he had ‘ for several years served in different [differentiated] military characters , under the late emperor of germany , and king of prussia ’ .

He supported himself by painting the portraits of the distinguished people he met on the way , and in Japan he went off alone to live among the aboriginal Ainu .
he supported himself by painting the portraits of the [differentiated] people he met on the way , and in japan he went off alone to live among the aboriginal ainu .

Although his farms attracted many distinguished visitors , including Sir Robert Peel , he became the centre of great controversy .
although his farms attracted many [differentiated] visitors , including sir robert peel , he became the centre of great controversy .

Although he lacked the wit , pathos , or imagination traditionally associated with distinguished advocates of the Irish bar , his scrupulous fair dealing and evangelical propensities led Hugh Percy , third Duke of Northumberland [ q.v . ]
although he lacked the wit , pathos , or imagination traditionally associated with [differentiated] advocates of the irish bar , his scrupulous fair dealing and evangelical propensities led hugh percy , third duke of northumberland [ q.v . ]

lxxxii , part 2 , 1812 , p.187 ) , however , states that as an advocate he possessed ‘ a persuasive oratory , infinite wit , and most excellent fancy ’ and that he was ‘ distinguished as the powerful rival of his friend , Lord Erskine ’ ( Thomas , later first Baron , Erskine , q.v .
lxxxii , part 2 , 1812 , p.187 ) , however , states that as an advocate he possessed ‘ a persuasive oratory , infinite wit , and most excellent fancy ’ and that he was ‘ [differentiated] as the powerful rival of his friend , lord erskine ’ ( thomas , later first baron , erskine , q.v .

The turning-point in what became a distinguished career came on 22 February 1897 , when he started work in the drawing office of the Metropolitan Railway Company at Neasden works , where he pursued both mechanics and architecture , being ultimately appointed as assistant to the chief surveyor and architect .
the turning-point in what became a [differentiated] career came on 22 february 1897 , when he started work in the drawing office of the metropolitan railway company at neasden works , where he pursued both mechanics and architecture , being ultimately appointed as assistant to the chief surveyor and architect .

As a result , on 15 October 1896 , he was appointed to a sub-committee at the Science Museum alongside twenty-five other distinguished engineers , with the objective of establishing a permanent railway museum .
as a result , on 15 october 1896 , he was appointed to a sub-committee at the science museum alongside twenty-five other [differentiated] engineers , with the objective of establishing a permanent railway museum .

She secured new buildings ; and her recruitment of distinguished lecturers and performers from many spheres brought intellectual excitement and cultural richness .
she secured new buildings ; and her recruitment of [differentiated] lecturers and performers from many spheres brought intellectual excitement and cultural richness .

In 1939 appointment to the Disney chair of archaeology distinguished her as the first woman professor in the university .
in 1939 appointment to the disney chair of archaeology [differentiated] her as the first woman professor in the university .

His eldest brother was the distinguished mathematician and geologist John Playfair [ q.v . ]
his eldest brother was the [differentiated] mathematician and geologist john playfair [ q.v . ]

His range of subjects was enormous ; his prose distinctive , lucid , and distinguished .
his range of subjects was enormous ; his prose distinctive , lucid , and [differentiated] .

These were distinguished by the sophistication of their planning , in which a balance was struck between the grand , public and convenient , private rooms .
these were [differentiated] by the sophistication of their planning , in which a balance was struck between the grand , public and convenient , private rooms .

His work was always informed by a strong historical sense , and he made distinguished contributions to the history of both logic and philosophy .
his work was always informed by a strong historical sense , and he made [differentiated] contributions to the history of both logic and philosophy .

His version of mortalism distinguished between the soul , remaining with the body till the Last Judgement , and the spirit , which God quickened only in the elect and which returned straight to heaven .
his version of mortalism [differentiated] between the soul , remaining with the body till the last judgement , and the spirit , which god quickened only in the elect and which returned straight to heaven .

He trained many distinguished jockeys , including John Watts [ q.v . ]
he trained many [differentiated] jockeys , including john watts [ q.v . ]

, entered Lincoln 's Inn and subsequently enjoyed a distinguished career , serving variously as solicitor-general , attorney-general , and lord chief baron of the Exchequer .
, entered lincoln 's inn and subsequently enjoyed a [differentiated] career , serving variously as solicitor-general , attorney-general , and lord chief baron of the exchequer .

’ His collection of prints included works of Italian , French , Flemish , German , and Dutch artists , and was distinguished by a nearly complete representation of the work of Marcantonio Raimondi , Wenceslaus Hollar [ q.v . ]
’ his collection of prints included works of italian , french , flemish , german , and dutch artists , and was [differentiated] by a nearly complete representation of the work of marcantonio raimondi , wenceslaus hollar [ q.v . ]

Several of his Rembrandt drawings were said to have a provenance from the Six collection in Amsterdam , and other purchases were made from distinguished contemporary sales such as those of the Earl of Arundel , Sir Peter Lely [ q.v . ]
several of his rembrandt drawings were said to have a provenance from the six collection in amsterdam , and other purchases were made from [differentiated] contemporary sales such as those of the earl of arundel , sir peter lely [ q.v . ]

His pictures are distinguished by having his monogram in black letters with an inventory number at the back .
his pictures are [differentiated] by having his monogram in black letters with an inventory number at the back .

achieved note as a distinguished poet , much of whose work described aspects of their family life .
achieved note as a [differentiated] poet , much of whose work described aspects of their family life .

No less distinguished was his achievement as a portrait painter , his approach extending from the satirical to the deeply affectionate .
no less [differentiated] was his achievement as a portrait painter , his approach extending from the satirical to the deeply affectionate .

His works were regarded as ‘ one of the best schools of its time for the training of practical mechanics ’ , the most distinguished engineer to work there being ( Sir ) Joseph Whitworth [ q.v . ]
his works were regarded as ‘ one of the best schools of its time for the training of practical mechanics ’ , the most [differentiated] engineer to work there being ( sir ) joseph whitworth [ q.v . ]

But the lifelong affection for Adam 's school of the distinguished scholar Alexander Nequam [ q.v .
but the lifelong affection for adam 's school of the [differentiated] scholar alexander nequam [ q.v .

Of their four children ( one son and three daughters ) , three subsequently distinguished themselves — Beatrix as an actress , Rosamond as a novelist , and John as a man of letters .
of their four children ( one son and three daughters ) , three subsequently [differentiated] themselves — beatrix as an actress , rosamond as a novelist , and john as a man of letters .

, who was to become one of Britain 's most distinguished experts on German politics .
, who was to become one of britain 's most [differentiated] experts on german politics .

Malcolm and Wheeler-Bennett , then in his early twenties , shared a passionate interest in international relations , and Malcolm , as a distinguished senior officer , was able to lend his weight to the Royal Institute of International Affairs at Chatham House , of which he and Wheeler-Bennett were founder-members .
malcolm and wheeler-bennett , then in his early twenties , shared a passionate interest in international relations , and malcolm , as a [differentiated] senior officer , was able to lend his weight to the royal institute of international affairs at chatham house , of which he and wheeler-bennett were founder-members .

She died at her home in Greenhithe , aged twenty-eight , of puerperal fever 6 February 1865 , eight days after the birth of her son Mayson , who had a distinguished career in journalism and government .
she died at her home in greenhithe , aged twenty-eight , of puerperal fever 6 february 1865 , eight days after the birth of her son mayson , who had a [differentiated] career in journalism and government .

, Alexander Thomas Emeric ( 1792–1863 ) , hydrographer , was born in 1792 , the youngest of the three sons ( there was also a daughter ) of Emeric Vidal , a naval officer who served as secretary to three distinguished admirals , Sir Robert Kingsmill , Sir John Ross , and Robert Duff [ qq.v . ]
, alexander thomas emeric ( 1792–1863 ) , hydrographer , was born in 1792 , the youngest of the three sons ( there was also a daughter ) of emeric vidal , a naval officer who served as secretary to three [differentiated] admirals , sir robert kingsmill , sir john ross , and robert duff [ qq.v . ]

Simpson was to emerge as the leading architect of the city , which he stocked with a fine series of public buildings , distinguished not only by his skill in seizing town-planning initiatives but also by the splendour imparted by their finely jointed and polished granite masonry .
simpson was to emerge as the leading architect of the city , which he stocked with a fine series of public buildings , [differentiated] not only by his skill in seizing town-planning initiatives but also by the splendour imparted by their finely jointed and polished granite masonry .

Holford began to collect works of art in 1839 and became one of the most distinguished collectors of his time , with an enthusiasm for the Italian Renaissance .
holford began to collect works of art in 1839 and became one of the most [differentiated] collectors of his time , with an enthusiasm for the italian renaissance .

With his ample fortune , Hollingworth Magniac began to form a collection , which is distinguished as one of the finest nineteenth-century collections of medieval art , accumulated in the tradition of William Beckford [ q.v . ]
with his ample fortune , hollingworth magniac began to form a collection , which is [differentiated] as one of the finest nineteenth-century collections of medieval art , accumulated in the tradition of william beckford [ q.v . ]

–1459/60 ) , composer , left a small but distinguished body of work in both secular and sacred music .
–1459/60 ) , composer , left a small but [differentiated] body of work in both secular and sacred music .

Thereafter he saw distinguished service in the Peninsular war in Portugal from 1809 under Sir Arthur Wellesley ( later first Duke of Wellington , q.v . )
thereafter he saw [differentiated] service in the peninsular war in portugal from 1809 under sir arthur wellesley ( later first duke of wellington , q.v . )

More distinguished service in Portugal ensued , including some at Bussaco ( 1810 ) , but he became sick in late June 1811 and was absent from his unit until 31 October .
more [differentiated] service in portugal ensued , including some at bussaco ( 1810 ) , but he became sick in late june 1811 and was absent from his unit until 31 october .

His distinguished presence was enhanced by a certain absent-mindedness about the way he wore his clothes .
his [differentiated] presence was enhanced by a certain absent-mindedness about the way he wore his clothes .

, Rachel Conn ( ‘ Ray ’ ) ( 1887–1940 ) , feminist , was born 4 June 1887 in London , the elder daughter ( there were no sons ) of ( Benjamin ) Francis ( Conn ) Costelloe , a barrister and Progressive member of the London county council , and his wife Mary Pearsall Smith , a member of the distinguished Philadelphia Quaker family , and sister of ( Lloyd ) Logan Pearsall Smith [ q.v . ]
, rachel conn ( ‘ ray ’ ) ( 1887–1940 ) , feminist , was born 4 june 1887 in london , the elder daughter ( there were no sons ) of ( benjamin ) francis ( conn ) costelloe , a barrister and progressive member of the london county council , and his wife mary pearsall smith , a member of the [differentiated] philadelphia quaker family , and sister of ( lloyd ) logan pearsall smith [ q.v . ]

He subsequently went to King 's College , Cambridge , where he had a distinguished career as exhibitioner , scholar , and fellow .
he subsequently went to king 's college , cambridge , where he had a [differentiated] career as exhibitioner , scholar , and fellow .

Although he distinguished himself in action , Hodgskin found naval discipline irksome and his comrades ' company desultory .
although he [differentiated] himself in action , hodgskin found naval discipline irksome and his comrades ' company desultory .

Munro was an amateur artist and a distinguished collector , becoming , like Elhanan Bicknell [ q.v . ]
munro was an amateur artist and a [differentiated] collector , becoming , like elhanan bicknell [ q.v . ]

He had several illegitimate children , his son by Penelope Forbes being the distinguished classical scholar , also called Hugh Andrew Johnstone Munro [ q.v . ]
he had several illegitimate children , his son by penelope forbes being the [differentiated] classical scholar , also called hugh andrew johnstone munro [ q.v . ]

, more distinguished as a soldier , but less of a politician .
, more [differentiated] as a soldier , but less of a politician .

By now a moderate Anglican , he distinguished peaceful Nonconformists from potential rebels .
by now a moderate anglican , he [differentiated] peaceful nonconformists from potential rebels .

He was a distinguished and active member of the Alpine Club ( elected 1893 ) .
he was a [differentiated] and active member of the alpine club ( elected 1893 ) .

In 1933 this promise of a distinguished career in the Colonial Service was acknowledged by secondment to the Colonial Office .
in 1933 this promise of a [differentiated] career in the colonial service was acknowledged by secondment to the colonial office .

He was handsome and dignified , and especially distinguished by his meticulous dress .
he was handsome and dignified , and especially [differentiated] by his meticulous dress .

Fourteen apprentices were trained by him , the most distinguished of whom was Ralph Greatorex [ q.v . ]
fourteen apprentices were trained by him , the most [differentiated] of whom was ralph greatorex [ q.v . ]

Although he is often characterized as retiring and eccentric , he entertained distinguished visitors in style , and studio staff were frequently welcomed to Old Place and treated with considerable generosity .
although he is often characterized as retiring and eccentric , he entertained [differentiated] visitors in style , and studio staff were frequently welcomed to old place and treated with considerable generosity .

White was a tall , distinguished , bearded figure , ‘ looking like one of the Sikhs at Queen Victoria 's funeral ’ ( his own description ) .
white was a tall , [differentiated] , bearded figure , ‘ looking like one of the sikhs at queen victoria 's funeral ’ ( his own description ) .

Eworth was the most distinguished foreign painter to work in England in the Tudor period after Holbein .
eworth was the most [differentiated] foreign painter to work in england in the tudor period after holbein .

He was a distinguished philologist , editor , and critic .
he was a [differentiated] philologist , editor , and critic .

Through these two remedies Wilson attracted distinguished custom .
through these two remedies wilson attracted [differentiated] custom .

Lewyn was a distinguished master in a noble and functional style , but in the geometrical vault of the Durham prior 's kitchen he showed an outstanding aesthetic awareness .
lewyn was a [differentiated] master in a noble and functional style , but in the geometrical vault of the durham prior 's kitchen he showed an outstanding aesthetic awareness .

Peach was also a distinguished palaeontologist .
peach was also a [differentiated] palaeontologist .

On the contrary , as the next chapter will show , legal ownership is recognised and distinguished from equitable ownership in much the same way as a legal estate in land is distinguished from equitable interests therein .
on the contrary , as the next chapter will show , legal ownership is recognised and [differentiated] from equitable ownership in much the same way as a legal estate in land is [differentiated] from equitable interests therein .

It is this class alone which is unmistakably distinguished from debentures both in law and fact .
it is this class alone which is unmistakably [differentiated] from debentures both in law and fact .

But this decision was distinguished in a later case where , in all relevant respects , the wording of the article was similar but the shares were held by the executors of a deceased shareholder .
but this decision was [differentiated] in a later case where , in all relevant respects , the wording of the article was similar but the shares were held by the executors of a deceased shareholder .

New sentences containing more than one piece of information from the same set could not reliably be distinguished from sentences which had been heard before .
new sentences containing more than one piece of information from the same set could not reliably be [differentiated] from sentences which had been heard before .

We distinguished between optional inferences ( not required for understanding discourse but naturally suggested once a discourse interpretation has been decided upon ) and bridging inferences ( necessary for establishing the links between apparently unrelated elements in the discourse ) .
we [differentiated] between optional inferences ( not required for understanding discourse but naturally suggested once a discourse interpretation has been decided upon ) and bridging inferences ( necessary for establishing the links between apparently unrelated elements in the discourse ) .

Therefore , the traditional methodology of cognitive psychology , which has typically been developed in order to investigate performance in tasks where correct and incorrect performance can be clearly distinguished , is often inappropriate for studying language production .
therefore , the traditional methodology of cognitive psychology , which has typically been developed in order to investigate performance in tasks where correct and incorrect performance can be clearly [differentiated] , is often inappropriate for studying language production .

Earlier in this chapter , we distinguished between the syndrome as a theoretical entity and the syndrome as a clinical observation .
earlier in this chapter , we [differentiated] between the syndrome as a theoretical entity and the syndrome as a clinical observation .

Parties are usually distinguished from groups by their intention to seek control of the main offices of government .
parties are usually [differentiated] from groups by their intention to seek control of the main offices of government .

Anthony 's purpose in offering the above categories was to help answer the following question : how , if at all , should business organizations be distinguished from other organisations for the purpose of setting accounting standards ? He offered three alternatives :
anthony 's purpose in offering the above categories was to help answer the following question : how , if at all , should business organizations be [differentiated] from other organisations for the purpose of setting accounting standards ? he offered three alternatives :

Cash accounting , accruals accounting and commitment accounting are distinguished from each other by the point in time when expenses and revenues are recognized in the accounts , i.e. the point at which a given transaction generates a bookkeeping entry .
cash accounting , accruals accounting and commitment accounting are [differentiated] from each other by the point in time when expenses and revenues are recognized in the accounts , i.e. the point at which a given transaction generates a bookkeeping entry .

Büdel distinguished three generations of geomorphology namely dynamic which concerns the study of particular processes ; climatic which considers the total complex of present processes in their climatic framework ; and climatogenetic geomorphology which involves the analysis of the entire relief including features adjusted to the contemporary climate and also produced by former climates .
büdel [differentiated] three generations of geomorphology namely dynamic which concerns the study of particular processes ; climatic which considers the total complex of present processes in their climatic framework ; and climatogenetic geomorphology which involves the analysis of the entire relief including features adjusted to the contemporary climate and also produced by former climates .

This theme emerged when Peltier ( 1950 ) identified nine different and possible morphogenetic regimes each of which should be distinguished by a characteristic assemblage of geomorphic processes .
this theme emerged when peltier ( 1950 ) identified nine different and possible morphogenetic regimes each of which should be [differentiated] by a characteristic assemblage of geomorphic processes .

Although Ruellan ( 1971 ) distinguished between those researchers who attach great importance to the geomorphological processes of erosion and deposition ( allochthonists ) and those who attribute the major characteristics of soils to pedological processes ( autochthonists ) , Gerrard ( 1981 ) in his treatment of soils and geomorphology argues that soils are the results of the interaction of both sets of processes .
although ruellan ( 1971 ) [differentiated] between those researchers who attach great importance to the geomorphological processes of erosion and deposition ( allochthonists ) and those who attribute the major characteristics of soils to pedological processes ( autochthonists ) , gerrard ( 1981 ) in his treatment of soils and geomorphology argues that soils are the results of the interaction of both sets of processes .

It is impossible to study processes in physical environment independently of time although timeless and timebound approaches have been distinguished ( Chorley , 1966 ) .
it is impossible to study processes in physical environment independently of time although timeless and timebound approaches have been [differentiated] ( chorley , 1966 ) .

In soil geography it is generally suggested that the systems approach was formally applied by Nikiforoff ( 1959 ) although earlier he had distinguished accumulative and non-accumulative soils and so implicitly involved an open system attitude ( Nikiforoff , 1949 ) . Earlier still Jenny ( 1941 ) in his Factors of Soil Formation had expressed any soil character in terms of climate ( cl ) , organisms ( o ) , relief ( r ) , parent material ( p ) time ( t ) , and other additional unspecified factors in the relation :
in soil geography it is generally suggested that the systems approach was formally applied by nikiforoff ( 1959 ) although earlier he had [differentiated] accumulative and non-accumulative soils and so implicitly involved an open system attitude ( nikiforoff , 1949 ) . earlier still jenny ( 1941 ) in his factors of soil formation had expressed any soil character in terms of climate ( cl ) , organisms ( o ) , relief ( r ) , parent material ( p ) time ( t ) , and other additional unspecified factors in the relation :

Bertalanffy ( 1972 ) distinguished three aspects of the study of systems .
bertalanffy ( 1972 ) [differentiated] three aspects of the study of systems .

In his application of systems analysis in geography as a whole Huggett ( 1980 ) has distinguished a strategy of systems analysis that is applicable to both theoretical , at either a micro- or macro-scale level , or an experimental mode of analysis which observes the nature of relationships between system parts .
in his application of systems analysis in geography as a whole huggett ( 1980 ) has [differentiated] a strategy of systems analysis that is applicable to both theoretical , at either a micro- or macro-scale level , or an experimental mode of analysis which observes the nature of relationships between system parts .

The three types of systems which are distinguished are isolated systems which have boundaries which are closed to the import and export of both mass and energy ; open systems where there is exchange of both matter and energy between the system and its environment , such as clouds ; and closed systems in which there is no exchange of matter between the system and its environment though there is in general an exchange of energy .
the three types of systems which are [differentiated] are isolated systems which have boundaries which are closed to the import and export of both mass and energy ; open systems where there is exchange of both matter and energy between the system and its environment , such as clouds ; and closed systems in which there is no exchange of matter between the system and its environment though there is in general an exchange of energy .

The bassoon , in addition to the unison-combinations in which it figures above , blends very well with the horn without removing from the latter its distinguished quality of tone .
the bassoon , in addition to the unison-combinations in which it figures above , blends very well with the horn without removing from the latter its [differentiated] quality of tone .

On these bases Godwin has distinguished the following phases in the development of the Fens .
on these bases godwin has [differentiated] the following phases in the development of the fens .

The nature of the movement of particles by the wind in deserts has been closely investigated by Bagnold ( 1941 ) , who distinguished three types of movement , suspension , saltation and surface creep .
the nature of the movement of particles by the wind in deserts has been closely investigated by bagnold ( 1941 ) , who [differentiated] three types of movement , suspension , saltation and surface creep .

This material is not distinguished and memorable — perhaps deliberately , for the fugitive , enigmatic effect permeates the entire symphony .
this material is not [differentiated] and memorable — perhaps deliberately , for the fugitive , enigmatic effect permeates the entire symphony .

This can hardly make for distinguished results . )
this can hardly make for [differentiated] results . )

When Winston Churchill visited East Africa in 1906 as Under-Secretary of State for the colonies , his private coach was frequently detached at station sidings along the line so that the distinguished Nimrod could go hunting near by .
when winston churchill visited east africa in 1906 as under-secretary of state for the colonies , his private coach was frequently detached at station sidings along the line so that the [differentiated] nimrod could go hunting near by .

Mr Bailey has been very much a front of house man at Hatchards and well known to many of the bookshop 's most distinguished customers , but Dillons is understood to be reorganising the store 's management structure under its new general manager , Roger Katz , and , with the recent appointment of Duncan Goldie-Scot , looks to be putting greater emphasis on direct marketing .
mr bailey has been very much a front of house man at hatchards and well known to many of the bookshop 's most [differentiated] customers , but dillons is understood to be reorganising the store 's management structure under its new general manager , roger katz , and , with the recent appointment of duncan goldie-scot , looks to be putting greater emphasis on direct marketing .

Miss Riley had a long and distinguished bookselling career over 65 years .
miss riley had a long and [differentiated] bookselling career over 65 years .

These currents generate their own magnetic field which can be distinguished from the various other fields .
these currents generate their own magnetic field which can be [differentiated] from the various other fields .

Smooth plains are distinguished from intercrater plains by a far lower number density of small craters and by clear evidence that on the smooth plains there has occurred the obliteration or partial obliteration of craters .
smooth plains are [differentiated] from intercrater plains by a far lower number density of small craters and by clear evidence that on the smooth plains there has occurred the obliteration or partial obliteration of craters .

The late John Brunyate , a distinguished equity scholar and practitioner , offered the following suggested definition of charity :
the late john brunyate , a [differentiated] equity scholar and practitioner , offered the following suggested definition of charity :

At 32 Rue St Honoré , they met with Raymond Eddi , a distinguished Lebanese parliamentarian in exile , and Marcel Boutros , Aoun 's personal envoy , who invited Coleman to meet the general himself at the presidential palace in Baabda .
at 32 rue st honoré , they met with raymond eddi , a [differentiated] lebanese parliamentarian in exile , and marcel boutros , aoun 's personal envoy , who invited coleman to meet the general himself at the presidential palace in baabda .

Glasgow , an industrial city beside the Clyde noted for shipbuilding , is larger than Edinburgh , and although it is not as beautiful as Scotland 's capital , its university was founded more than 100 years earlier , its art galleries are even more distinguished , its theatrical tradition is stronger , its churches possibly grimier , and its football teams more famous .
glasgow , an industrial city beside the clyde noted for shipbuilding , is larger than edinburgh , and although it is not as beautiful as scotland 's capital , its university was founded more than 100 years earlier , its art galleries are even more [differentiated] , its theatrical tradition is stronger , its churches possibly grimier , and its football teams more famous .

The two main traditions of piano building are generally distinguished according to the type of action employed in them .
the two main traditions of piano building are generally [differentiated] according to the type of action employed in them .

Its reason for treating consensual anal intercourse separately is stated thus : ‘ This distinctive conduct has such potentialities of physical and psychological damage that it ought to be distinguished from lesser forms of sexual conduct .
its reason for treating consensual anal intercourse separately is stated thus : ‘ this distinctive conduct has such potentialities of physical and psychological damage that it ought to be [differentiated] from lesser forms of sexual conduct .

In England , the proposal advanced by a majority of the Criminal Law Revision Committee in its Working Paper would similarly have abolished the exemption but distinguished marital from non-marital rape by requiring the consent of the Director of Public Prosecutions in the case of the former before a prosecution could be brought .
in england , the proposal advanced by a majority of the criminal law revision committee in its working paper would similarly have abolished the exemption but [differentiated] marital from non-marital rape by requiring the consent of the director of public prosecutions in the case of the former before a prosecution could be brought .

The distinguished physicist , Sir Hermann Bondi , once described the sort of people who become scientists .
the [differentiated] physicist , sir hermann bondi , once described the sort of people who become scientists .

Judge Edward has had a distinguished career in the law culminating with his appointment in 1992 as a Judge of the Court of Justice of the European Communities .
judge edward has had a [differentiated] career in the law culminating with his appointment in 1992 as a judge of the court of justice of the european communities .

It was designed to invite visitors to step inside and explore buildings whose distinguished , colourful or unusual interior are rarely open to the public .
it was designed to invite visitors to step inside and explore buildings whose [differentiated] , colourful or unusual interior are rarely open to the public .

The different aspects of the Christian faith can be distinguished for the sake of clarity but they can not be separated in the life of the Christian community as if any one of them could exist alone or have priority over the others
the different aspects of the christian faith can be [differentiated] for the sake of clarity but they can not be separated in the life of the christian community as if any one of them could exist alone or have priority over the others

Some , like the eponymous stout , have a long and distinguished heritage .
some , like the eponymous stout , have a long and [differentiated] heritage .

The tea goal is used here in the special way current in linguistic theorizing , and is to be distinguished from the ultimate goals or motivations that might prompt interest in a theory .
the tea goal is used here in the special way current in linguistic theorizing , and is to be [differentiated] from the ultimate goals or motivations that might prompt interest in a theory .

Let 's go to see you tomorrow Other languages have PrOnominal systems much richer than the English one : in Japanese , pronouns are distinguished also with respect to sex of speaker , social status of referent and degree of intimacy with referent , so , for example , the second person pronoun kimi can be glossed `` you , addressed by this intimate male speaker `` ( Uyeno , 1971 : 16-17 ; Harada , 1976 : 511 ) ; and village Tamil has up to six singular second person pronouns according to degree of relative rank between speaker and addressee ( Brown & Levinson , 1978 : 3206 ) .
let 's go to see you tomorrow other languages have pronominal systems much richer than the english one : in japanese , pronouns are [differentiated] also with respect to sex of speaker , social status of referent and degree of intimacy with referent , so , for example , the second person pronoun kimi can be glossed `` you , addressed by this intimate male speaker `` ( uyeno , 1971 : 16-17 ; harada , 1976 : 511 ) ; and village tamil has up to six singular second person pronouns according to degree of relative rank between speaker and addressee ( brown & levinson , 1978 : 3206 ) .

The first three kinds of honorific were clearly distinguished by Comrie ( 1976b ) , who pointed out that traditional descriptions have often confused ( i ) and ( ii ) : the distinction is that in ( i ) respect can only be conveyed by referring to the `` target `` of the respect , whereas in ( ii ) it can be conveyed without necessarily referring to the target .
the first three kinds of honorific were clearly [differentiated] by comrie ( 1976b ) , who pointed out that traditional descriptions have often confused ( i ) and ( ii ) : the distinction is that in ( i ) respect can only be conveyed by referring to the `` target `` of the respect , whereas in ( ii ) it can be conveyed without necessarily referring to the target .

has had a distinguished career at the British Museum .
has had a [differentiated] career at the british museum .

One of the most important aspects of deixis is that it is invariably distinguished by its use .
one of the most important aspects of deixis is that it is invariably [differentiated] by its use .

Lyne-Pirkis v Jones was distinguished on the basis that in that case there was an express antithesis between the phrase `` as general medical practitioners `` in a recital and `` as a medical practitioner `` in the relevant clause .
lyne-pirkis v jones was [differentiated] on the basis that in that case there was an express antithesis between the phrase `` as general medical practitioners `` in a recital and `` as a medical practitioner `` in the relevant clause .

( a ) Exchange Despite the fact that implicit in any definition of money is the element of exchange , English law has traditionally distinguished between sale and exchange disregarding the equivalence of economic function .
( a ) exchange despite the fact that implicit in any definition of money is the element of exchange , english law has traditionally [differentiated] between sale and exchange disregarding the equivalence of economic function .

An exchange 's rulebook , and the exchange 's function generally , is distinguished from most commercial contracts by its multilateral nature .
an exchange 's rulebook , and the exchange 's function generally , is [differentiated] from most commercial contracts by its multilateral nature .

They must therefore be distinguished from on-exchange competitive trades for any publication or price reporting purposes .
they must therefore be [differentiated] from on-exchange competitive trades for any publication or price reporting purposes .

Libel and Slander Distinguished
libel and slander [differentiated]

Writing which sets out to seduce , to exhort and pressurize the reader to indulge in immorality , is to be distinguished from that which presents a balanced picture , and does not overlook the pains which may attend new pleasures .
writing which sets out to seduce , to exhort and pressurize the reader to indulge in immorality , is to be [differentiated] from that which presents a balanced picture , and does not overlook the pains which may attend new pleasures .

54 ) , and can not easily be distinguished from that of the other common poultry ascaridoid .
54 ) , and can not easily be [differentiated] from that of the other common poultry ascaridoid .

He was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for this exploit .
he was awarded the [differentiated] service cross for this exploit .

Dobry 's proposal , in essence , was that the simple should be distinguished and treated expeditiously , though with the opportunity for some participation and with a safety channel to allow them to be transferred to the major category if this should prove appropriate .
dobry 's proposal , in essence , was that the simple should be [differentiated] and treated expeditiously , though with the opportunity for some participation and with a safety channel to allow them to be transferred to the major category if this should prove appropriate .

In any case they were sitting upstairs in Willi 's little loggia ( the gallery of the Spa Rooms had not lent itself to conversion into boxes , but parts of the curved balcony had been sectioned off with wrought-iron grills into small loggias for distinguished guests ) .
in any case they were sitting upstairs in willi 's little loggia ( the gallery of the spa rooms had not lent itself to conversion into boxes , but parts of the curved balcony had been sectioned off with wrought-iron grills into small loggias for [differentiated] guests ) .

As such , schizophrenia can be distinguished from progressive degeneration disorders of the brain like senile dementia , the delirium or dementia which may sometimes follow severe head injury or drug abuse , and the effects of neurological conditions like Huntington 's chorea or brain tumours .
as such , schizophrenia can be [differentiated] from progressive degeneration disorders of the brain like senile dementia , the delirium or dementia which may sometimes follow severe head injury or drug abuse , and the effects of neurological conditions like huntington 's chorea or brain tumours .

As she increasingly mover her imagery towards precisely controlled representationalism , away from the apparent spontaneity that distinguished her non-representational work of the 1910s and early 1920s , she denied much of the sustained expressiveness and inventiveness that had made her formative work singular among that of her American contemporaries .
as she increasingly mover her imagery towards precisely controlled representationalism , away from the apparent spontaneity that [differentiated] her non-representational work of the 1910s and early 1920s , she denied much of the sustained expressiveness and inventiveness that had made her formative work singular among that of her american contemporaries .

The displays include not only product design but also the decorative arts and crafts , stimulating questions as to how these different areas are defined , distinguished and interrelated ; issues are raised not only in terms of production but also concerning the impact and significance of consumption in the design process .
the displays include not only product design but also the decorative arts and crafts , stimulating questions as to how these different areas are defined , [differentiated] and interrelated ; issues are raised not only in terms of production but also concerning the impact and significance of consumption in the design process .

Berchoux was a very well known satirist and his illustrators were distinguished men .
berchoux was a very well known satirist and his illustrators were [differentiated] men .

Even a glance at Timothy Day 's book ( which includes only the sacred vocal music ) will show that the Byrd discography is a distinguished one .
even a glance at timothy day 's book ( which includes only the sacred vocal music ) will show that the byrd discography is a [differentiated] one .

There are certainly some distinguished vocal groups in Europe and America , including the Ensemble Clement Janequin and the Ensemble Organum ( in France ; the French have also just announced the formation of ‘ le choeur medieval ’ at the Centre de Musique Medievale in Paris ) , together with the Huelgas Ensemble ( Netherlands ) and Anonymous 4 ( America , among other groups ) .
there are certainly some [differentiated] vocal groups in europe and america , including the ensemble clement janequin and the ensemble organum ( in france ; the french have also just announced the formation of ‘ le choeur medieval ’ at the centre de musique medievale in paris ) , together with the huelgas ensemble ( netherlands ) and anonymous 4 ( america , among other groups ) .

Research by distinguished musicologists in Britain and America has demonstrated the predominantly ( but by no means exclusively ) a cappella tradition of liturgical polyphonic singing during the later Middle Ages and the early Renaissance ; English choirs have accordingly begun to record 15th- and 16th-century Masses .
research by [differentiated] musicologists in britain and america has demonstrated the predominantly ( but by no means exclusively ) a cappella tradition of liturgical polyphonic singing during the later middle ages and the early renaissance ; english choirs have accordingly begun to record 15th- and 16th-century masses .

’ For a man of his years , Abuelo was distinguished .
’ for a man of his years , abuelo was [differentiated] .

Two types can be distinguished : oceanic lithospere is capped by thin ocean crust , while continental lithospere is capped by much thicker continental crust .
two types can be [differentiated] : oceanic lithospere is capped by thin ocean crust , while continental lithospere is capped by much thicker continental crust .

Such volcanic island arcs must be distinguished from other volcanic chains , such as the Hawaiian Islands , which are located far from plate boundaries and have a different origin ( see Section 4.2.1 ) .
such volcanic island arcs must be [differentiated] from other volcanic chains , such as the hawaiian islands , which are located far from plate boundaries and have a different origin ( see section 4.2.1 ) .

Such explosion calderas formed by rapid collapse after the evacuation of underlying magma chambers are relatively common on the summits of large strato-volcanoes and should be distinguished from the subsidence calderas of large shield volcanoes which are associated with the non-explosive eruption of basaltic lavas .
such explosion calderas formed by rapid collapse after the evacuation of underlying magma chambers are relatively common on the summits of large strato-volcanoes and should be [differentiated] from the subsidence calderas of large shield volcanoes which are associated with the non-explosive eruption of basaltic lavas .

However , this pretty , ignorant and idiotic slave was also required to exercise mastery ; not so much over the children , whose lord was once again the pater familias , as over the servants , whose presence distinguished the bourgeois from his social inferiors .
however , this pretty , ignorant and idiotic slave was also required to exercise mastery ; not so much over the children , whose lord was once again the pater familias , as over the servants , whose presence [differentiated] the bourgeois from his social inferiors .

As Shaffer added : ‘ What distinguished him was the energy he always demonstrated .
as shaffer added : ‘ what [differentiated] him was the energy he always demonstrated .

But it was not vulgarity , just rudery — and he would do it for some very distinguished people we had on the set sometimes .
but it was not vulgarity , just rudery — and he would do it for some very [differentiated] people we had on the set sometimes .

There is no doubt that the procedure has now itself become a form of dispute resolution , but it must be distinguished from other forms of dispute resolution .
there is no doubt that the procedure has now itself become a form of dispute resolution , but it must be [differentiated] from other forms of dispute resolution .

Secondly , expert determination should be distinguished from the use of expert witnesses in litigation and arbitration , which is such a dominant feature of modern dispute resolution .
secondly , expert determination should be [differentiated] from the use of expert witnesses in litigation and arbitration , which is such a dominant feature of modern dispute resolution .

Certification under construction contracts should be distinguished from expert determination .
certification under construction contracts should be [differentiated] from expert determination .

Terms implied to make sense of a contract should be distinguished from terms implied by statute : for examples of terms implied by statute see 14.7.3 and 14.7.5 .
terms implied to make sense of a contract should be [differentiated] from terms implied by statute : for examples of terms implied by statute see 14.7.3 and 14.7.5 .

`` Negligence `` in this context should be distinguished from the tort of negligence , where the law implies a duty of care between parties who have not made a contract with each other .
`` negligence `` in this context should be [differentiated] from the tort of negligence , where the law implies a duty of care between parties who have not made a contract with each other .

Marx distinguished two classes , bourgeois and proletarian , based on the ownership of the means of production .
marx [differentiated] two classes , bourgeois and proletarian , based on the ownership of the means of production .

As the embodiment of a higher law , it thus not only needs to be distinguished from ordinary law but also needs to be protected from the passing whims of politicians — hence the introduction of extraordinary procedures for its amendment .
as the embodiment of a higher law , it thus not only needs to be [differentiated] from ordinary law but also needs to be protected from the passing whims of politicians — hence the introduction of extraordinary procedures for its amendment .

His period at Point Cook seems to have been distinguished only by his getting a first in flying , and a second in the academic studies — by his standards , a poor start .
his period at point cook seems to have been [differentiated] only by his getting a first in flying , and a second in the academic studies — by his standards , a poor start .

Wg Cdr Rodley , a distinguished Pathfinder , commanded No 97 Squadron which , together with No 83 Squadron , was hijacked by No 5 Group towards the latter part of the war to provide pathfinding expertise for No 5 Group 's bombing sorties .
wg cdr rodley , a [differentiated] pathfinder , commanded no 97 squadron which , together with no 83 squadron , was hijacked by no 5 group towards the latter part of the war to provide pathfinding expertise for no 5 group 's bombing sorties .

One distinguished scientist was so indignantly incredulous that he seized Galambos by the shoulders and shook him while complaining that we could not possibly mean such an outrageous suggestion .
one [differentiated] scientist was so indignantly incredulous that he seized galambos by the shoulders and shook him while complaining that we could not possibly mean such an outrageous suggestion .

It is easy to sympathize with the distinguished sceptic .
it is easy to sympathize with the [differentiated] sceptic .

One of today 's most distinguished ( though not yet knighted ) evolutionary theorists so seldom cleans his glasses that his vision is probably a misty blur anyway , but he seems to get along pretty well and , by his own account , he used to play a mean game of monocular squash .
one of today 's most [differentiated] ( though not yet knighted ) evolutionary theorists so seldom cleans his glasses that his vision is probably a misty blur anyway , but he seems to get along pretty well and , by his own account , he used to play a mean game of monocular squash .

The German-American geneticist Richard Goldschmidt is the most distinguished of those who have argued that the early evolution of such resemblances could not have been favoured by natural selection .
the german-american geneticist richard goldschmidt is the most [differentiated] of those who have argued that the early evolution of such resemblances could not have been favoured by natural selection .

There is one shining example of a literary man willing , with however many fastidious reservations , to collaborate with a compose — Hugo von Hofmannsthal , whose series of librettos for Richard Strauss , from Elektra to Arabella , is the most distinguished collaboration of an established poet and a famous composer since Busenello wrote for Monteverdi .
there is one shining example of a literary man willing , with however many fastidious reservations , to collaborate with a compose — hugo von hofmannsthal , whose series of librettos for richard strauss , from elektra to arabella , is the most [differentiated] collaboration of an established poet and a famous composer since busenello wrote for monteverdi .

Marjory , his daughter by his first wife , was persuaded to agree that if the king died without a son the crown should pass to his brother Edward ; but to be on the safe side a marriage was arranged between Marjory and Walter , the hereditary High Steward , who in spite of his youth had distinguished himself at Bannockburn and become one of Bruce 's most trusted lieutenants .
marjory , his daughter by his first wife , was persuaded to agree that if the king died without a son the crown should pass to his brother edward ; but to be on the safe side a marriage was arranged between marjory and walter , the hereditary high steward , who in spite of his youth had [differentiated] himself at bannockburn and become one of bruce 's most trusted lieutenants .

For five years after her departure , Edinburgh castle was loyally held in the queen 's name under the command of her secretary , William Maitland of Lethington , and the distinguished soldier Sir William Kirkcaldy of Grange , in spite of Kirkcaldy 's having led the forces opposed to her at Langside .
for five years after her departure , edinburgh castle was loyally held in the queen 's name under the command of her secretary , william maitland of lethington , and the [differentiated] soldier sir william kirkcaldy of grange , in spite of kirkcaldy 's having led the forces opposed to her at langside .

Thus one John Armstrong could be distinguished from another as John of the Park or Jock of the Side , the Laird 's Jock ( son of the chieftain ) , Jock Stowlugs , and so on .
thus one john armstrong could be [differentiated] from another as john of the park or jock of the side , the laird 's jock ( son of the chieftain ) , jock stowlugs , and so on .

When one tries to analyse the real reasons for the respect which French cookery has so long exacted from the rest of the world , the French genius for presentation must be counted as a very relevant point , and its humble beginnings can be seen on the market stalls , i the small town charcutiers ' and pâtissiers ' shops , in the modest little restaurants where even if the cooking is not particularly distinguished , the most ordinary of little dishes will be brought to your table with respect , properly arranged on a serving dish , the vegetables separately served , the object of arousing your appetite will be achieved and the proprietors of the establishment will have made the most of their limited resources .
when one tries to analyse the real reasons for the respect which french cookery has so long exacted from the rest of the world , the french genius for presentation must be counted as a very relevant point , and its humble beginnings can be seen on the market stalls , i the small town charcutiers ' and pâtissiers ' shops , in the modest little restaurants where even if the cooking is not particularly [differentiated] , the most ordinary of little dishes will be brought to your table with respect , properly arranged on a serving dish , the vegetables separately served , the object of arousing your appetite will be achieved and the proprietors of the establishment will have made the most of their limited resources .

The distinguished Scots ecologist Adam Watson believes that the native pinewoods can not even survive without a great initial reduction in deer numbers followed by a regular programme of culling .
the [differentiated] scots ecologist adam watson believes that the native pinewoods can not even survive without a great initial reduction in deer numbers followed by a regular programme of culling .

— Mankind is distinguished from all other creatures in two respects : he alone is made in God 's own likeness ; and he is given charge over all the rest .
— mankind is [differentiated] from all other creatures in two respects : he alone is made in god 's own likeness ; and he is given charge over all the rest .

He distinguished between his people and the Egyptians .
he [differentiated] between his people and the egyptians .

At certain periods warfare was conducted by two sharply distinguished types of fighting men — the Goliaths and the Davids — the professional soldiers who were fully armed , and the folk army , whose only weapons were those of the peasant shepherd .
at certain periods warfare was conducted by two sharply [differentiated] types of fighting men — the goliaths and the davids — the professional soldiers who were fully armed , and the folk army , whose only weapons were those of the peasant shepherd .

David 's feast in Hebron in 1 Chronicles 12 appears to be attended by enormous numbers , not of ordinary men , but of distinguished leaders — some 340,800 of them .
david 's feast in hebron in 1 chronicles 12 appears to be attended by enormous numbers , not of ordinary men , but of [differentiated] leaders — some 340,800 of them .

Henry sent envoy after envoy to Richard in the hope of calling him back to his side , but not even when he used an ambassador as distinguished as the Archbishop of Canterbury was his son to be persuaded .
henry sent envoy after envoy to richard in the hope of calling him back to his side , but not even when he used an ambassador as [differentiated] as the archbishop of canterbury was his son to be persuaded .

Such modes of explanation are illustrated and distinguished with reference to various experimental studies , which provide an indication of when the different modes of explanation are understood by children .
such modes of explanation are illustrated and [differentiated] with reference to various experimental studies , which provide an indication of when the different modes of explanation are understood by children .

The effect of these was temporarily marred by an interview of quite startling indiscretion which he gave to the People newspaper , then very right-wing and hardly distinguished .
the effect of these was temporarily marred by an interview of quite startling indiscretion which he gave to the people newspaper , then very right-wing and hardly [differentiated] .

Sir William Tyrrell one of the less distinguished of the chain of Foreign Office permanent under-secretaries , stayed at Chequers almost once a month , and occasionally at Astley .
sir william tyrrell one of the less [differentiated] of the chain of foreign office permanent under-secretaries , stayed at chequers almost once a month , and occasionally at astley .

If until 1832 the working class seen in a Marxist perspective as a proletariat was emergent and potential , if it had yet fully to identify itself , the Reform Bill of that year finally distinguished it from the rest of society .
if until 1832 the working class seen in a marxist perspective as a proletariat was emergent and potential , if it had yet fully to identify itself , the reform bill of that year finally [differentiated] it from the rest of society .

Though there had been in the years leading up to 1832 theoretical choice between these two ways forward , towards political democracy or towards industrial democracy , few would have distinguished the two so sharply before the passage of the Reform Bill .
though there had been in the years leading up to 1832 theoretical choice between these two ways forward , towards political democracy or towards industrial democracy , few would have [differentiated] the two so sharply before the passage of the reform bill .

These parameters require an injured State to be distinguished from a third State for the purposes of defining the accountability of the wrong-doer and the rights of other States .
these parameters require an injured state to be [differentiated] from a third state for the purposes of defining the accountability of the wrong-doer and the rights of other states .

Claims resting upon needs must be distinguished from demands where there is no recognised justification for the claim other than , perhaps , naked power .
claims resting upon needs must be [differentiated] from demands where there is no recognised justification for the claim other than , perhaps , naked power .

The Convention continues the distinction that has been traditionally drawn between rights and obligations , and assumes that they can be effectively distinguished .
the convention continues the distinction that has been traditionally drawn between rights and obligations , and assumes that they can be effectively [differentiated] .

Her mother , although of the mentality that refuses such places because of the price of the uniform , was luckily not in a social or financial position where she could reasonably do so , and although she was often unreasonable enough , she did not like to appear to be so in the eyes of the whole neighbourhood , so she constrained her parsimony and her innate distrust in education into selecting the less distinguished of the schools available , on the grounds that the bus fare was cheaper .
her mother , although of the mentality that refuses such places because of the price of the uniform , was luckily not in a social or financial position where she could reasonably do so , and although she was often unreasonable enough , she did not like to appear to be so in the eyes of the whole neighbourhood , so she constrained her parsimony and her innate distrust in education into selecting the less [differentiated] of the schools available , on the grounds that the bus fare was cheaper .

Some of her friends had fairly eccentric ideas of bed-sitter decoration , and had done far better than the Chianti-bottle , British Railway-poster effort , but none of them had ever conceived of anything like this : and the nicest room she had ever seen had been the drawing room of a friend 's mother in Sevenoaks , which had been distinguished by a bare and gentle colour scheme , and some pretty Georgian furniture .
some of her friends had fairly eccentric ideas of bed-sitter decoration , and had done far better than the chianti-bottle , british railway-poster effort , but none of them had ever conceived of anything like this : and the nicest room she had ever seen had been the drawing room of a friend 's mother in sevenoaks , which had been [differentiated] by a bare and gentle colour scheme , and some pretty georgian furniture .

" The examination being closed we then distributed under the recommendation of the Examiner various Books to the boys who had chiefly distinguished themselves as a reward for assiduity and good conduct , and as an incitement to future exertions which were received by them with marked satisfaction . "
" the examination being closed we then distributed under the recommendation of the examiner various books to the boys who had chiefly [differentiated] themselves as a reward for assiduity and good conduct , and as an incitement to future exertions which were received by them with marked satisfaction . "

When Coolidge declined to run for a further term in 1928 , the Republicans chose as their candidate one of the most distinguished members of their administrations in the 1920s , Herbert Hoover .
when coolidge declined to run for a further term in 1928 , the republicans chose as their candidate one of the most [differentiated] members of their administrations in the 1920s , herbert hoover .

The victims ranged from intellectuals , university professors whose advice had been sought by the government , and distinguished scientists who had once had associations with `` left-wing `` organizations , to writers , broadcasters and Hollywood actors and directors .
the victims ranged from intellectuals , university professors whose advice had been sought by the government , and [differentiated] scientists who had once had associations with `` left-wing `` organizations , to writers , broadcasters and hollywood actors and directors .

Carter 's Republican opponent this time was Ronald Reagan , a not very distinguished former Hollywood film star who had been Governor of California .
carter 's republican opponent this time was ronald reagan , a not very [differentiated] former hollywood film star who had been governor of california .

It is reasonable to say , therefore , that some aspects of language have to do with the referential function of language , and that these must be distinguished from those which have to do with stylistic variation .
it is reasonable to say , therefore , that some aspects of language have to do with the referential function of language , and that these must be [differentiated] from those which have to do with stylistic variation .

So far we have distinguished two levels of stylistic variation : that of sense reference , and that of syntax sense , but a further level will be added when we consider the multilevel coding of language in more detail in Chapter 4 .
so far we have [differentiated] two levels of stylistic variation : that of sense reference , and that of syntax sense , but a further level will be added when we consider the multilevel coding of language in more detail in chapter 4 .

Our aim so far has been to show that the `` stylistic variant `` view of style , which supports the dualist 's conviction that style can be distinguished from message , can lead to a more precise understanding of what it means for a writer to choose this rather than that way of putting things .
our aim so far has been to show that the `` stylistic variant `` view of style , which supports the dualist 's conviction that style can be [differentiated] from message , can lead to a more precise understanding of what it means for a writer to choose this rather than that way of putting things .

Although Hertfordshire distinguished between tutor-librarians ( whose job was primarily educational ) and `` college librarians `` , whose job was supposed to be entirely administrative , many felt that such distinctions were meaningless or misleading ; it was all a matter of proportion , and nobody ( it was argued ) working in a college library could avoid at some stage taking part in the educational process .
although hertfordshire [differentiated] between tutor-librarians ( whose job was primarily educational ) and `` college librarians `` , whose job was supposed to be entirely administrative , many felt that such distinctions were meaningless or misleading ; it was all a matter of proportion , and nobody ( it was argued ) working in a college library could avoid at some stage taking part in the educational process .

Creation stories from eight cultures had been distinguished — Egyptian , Norse , African , Oceanic , Greek , Mexican , Indian and the Genesis account — and these could be divided amongst the eight groups very happily , with the addition of timetabled periods of art and music-drama for double groups , in which basic techniques were linked to suitable themes ( for instance , shrine-building , rain-making ceremonies ) .
creation stories from eight cultures had been [differentiated] — egyptian , norse , african , oceanic , greek , mexican , indian and the genesis account — and these could be divided amongst the eight groups very happily , with the addition of timetabled periods of art and music-drama for double groups , in which basic techniques were linked to suitable themes ( for instance , shrine-building , rain-making ceremonies ) .

It distinguished five categories of creation story ( taken from Philip Freund 's useful book Myths of creation ) , and picked out eight characteristics or linked elements that were worth pursuing .
it [differentiated] five categories of creation story ( taken from philip freund 's useful book myths of creation ) , and picked out eight characteristics or linked elements that were worth pursuing .

Since West German parties and voters have deep respect for professional competence , lists may include also experts not distinguished for party , activity or well suited to constituency campaigning .
since west german parties and voters have deep respect for professional competence , lists may include also experts not [differentiated] for party , activity or well suited to constituency campaigning .

To be successful his company must have a unique range of products and services which can be readily distinguished from the competition .
to be successful his company must have a unique range of products and services which can be readily [differentiated] from the competition .

Most outstanding companies can be distinguished by one particular feature .
most outstanding companies can be [differentiated] by one particular feature .

When it comes to specifying the fundamental disciplinary components which constitute the actual means of engaging in this `` climb `` , the Committee selects exegesis , art , and history , while at the same time insisting that English literature should clearly be distinguished from history , and indeed sociology and philosophy .
when it comes to specifying the fundamental disciplinary components which constitute the actual means of engaging in this `` climb `` , the committee selects exegesis , art , and history , while at the same time insisting that english literature should clearly be [differentiated] from history , and indeed sociology and philosophy .

Thus , the new version of English ( often now explicitly distinguished from `` English Language arid Literature `` ) offered a sense of ontological security as well as a pedagogic programme , based particularly upon a conception of self generating and autonomous value .
thus , the new version of english ( often now explicitly [differentiated] from `` english language arid literature `` ) offered a sense of ontological security as well as a pedagogic programme , based particularly upon a conception of self generating and autonomous value .

The four tower galleries , which are not uniformly successful in their proportions but which are distinguished by the soft ambient lighting concealed within the beautiful ribbed vaults ( there is no natural light ) , will contain masterpieces of European and American art arranged floor by floor in a broadly chronological progression from Delaunay and Chagall through Mondrian and Surrealism to Abstract Expressionism and Pop Art .
the four tower galleries , which are not uniformly successful in their proportions but which are [differentiated] by the soft ambient lighting concealed within the beautiful ribbed vaults ( there is no natural light ) , will contain masterpieces of european and american art arranged floor by floor in a broadly chronological progression from delaunay and chagall through mondrian and surrealism to abstract expressionism and pop art .

Degas Sculptures written by Anne Pingeot and with plates by the distinguished photographer Frank Horvat , is handsomely designed , exquisitely printed and numbingly expensive .
degas sculptures written by anne pingeot and with plates by the [differentiated] photographer frank horvat , is handsomely designed , exquisitely printed and numbingly expensive .

The sale also includes other notable pieces , many of them with very distinguished provenances , such as Jean-François Leleu 's bureau plat of the 1770s , once in the collection of the comte de Flahaut , Talleyrand 's illegitimate son , and owner of the famous Hôtel de Massa in Paris ( est .
the sale also includes other notable pieces , many of them with very [differentiated] provenances , such as jean-françois leleu 's bureau plat of the 1770s , once in the collection of the comte de flahaut , talleyrand 's illegitimate son , and owner of the famous hôtel de massa in paris ( est .

The last three wickets went down quickly after lunch , Mallender bagging his fifth of the innings to complete a distinguished debut , and Pringle his third .
the last three wickets went down quickly after lunch , mallender bagging his fifth of the innings to complete a [differentiated] debut , and pringle his third .

The man chosen by Nero for the new advance was Quintus Veranius , who had been carefully selected for a senatorial career from an early age , and had distinguished himself as governor in Pamphylia , which is now in Turkey .
the man chosen by nero for the new advance was quintus veranius , who had been carefully selected for a senatorial career from an early age , and had [differentiated] himself as governor in pamphylia , which is now in turkey .

One at Lufton ( Somerset ) is distinguished by a remarkable octagonal building with an anteroom , an ambulatory and massive buttresses , which has been identified as a cold plunge ; and it is clearly the main focus for whatever activity took place there .
one at lufton ( somerset ) is [differentiated] by a remarkable octagonal building with an anteroom , an ambulatory and massive buttresses , which has been identified as a cold plunge ; and it is clearly the main focus for whatever activity took place there .

Man is distinguished from the other animals by the growth and development of the brain with its extraordinary intricate mechanism , which even today is scarcely understood .
man is [differentiated] from the other animals by the growth and development of the brain with its extraordinary intricate mechanism , which even today is scarcely understood .

His seeming determination to be confused with the distinguished British artist is evident in the recent press release advertising an exhibition of his work in which he refers to his emphasis on non-commissioned portrait drawings which ‘ entail months , even years , of work with the sitter , while very little peripheral material such as smaller studies , sculpture , and etchings is allowed to emerge from the studio ’ .
his seeming determination to be confused with the [differentiated] british artist is evident in the recent press release advertising an exhibition of his work in which he refers to his emphasis on non-commissioned portrait drawings which ‘ entail months , even years , of work with the sitter , while very little peripheral material such as smaller studies , sculpture , and etchings is allowed to emerge from the studio ’ .

David Wilson is , of course , a distinguished archaeologist of the Anglo-Saxon and Viking age , and he was a subtle and authoritative museum director .
david wilson is , of course , a [differentiated] archaeologist of the anglo-saxon and viking age , and he was a subtle and authoritative museum director .

François Daulte 's catalogue of the oil paintings of Frédéric Bazille , the most recent volume in the distinguished series of monographs of eighteenth- and nineteenth-century French masters published by the Bibliothèque des Arts , deals with the promising talent of a young artist who might have become one of the great figure painters of his generation , had he not died in the Franco-Prussian war in 1870 , at the age of twenty-nine .
françois daulte 's catalogue of the oil paintings of frédéric bazille , the most recent volume in the [differentiated] series of monographs of eighteenth- and nineteenth-century french masters published by the bibliothèque des arts , deals with the promising talent of a young artist who might have become one of the great figure painters of his generation , had he not died in the franco-prussian war in 1870 , at the age of twenty-nine .

They are blessed with the distinguished provenance of the Pellerin Collection , formed by Auguste Pellerin between 1895 and 1925 .
they are blessed with the [differentiated] provenance of the pellerin collection , formed by auguste pellerin between 1895 and 1925 .

The reason can perhaps be found in the fact that company law as an academic discipline boasts no long and distinguished pedigree .
the reason can perhaps be found in the fact that company law as an academic discipline boasts no long and [differentiated] pedigree .

As Neil MacCormick has observed : ‘ It remains a contested issue whether an aspiration to justice is to be treated as essential to or definitive of the legal enterprise in all its manifestations , or is to be distinguished as a specially urgent demand issued in the name of critical morality .
as neil maccormick has observed : ‘ it remains a contested issue whether an aspiration to justice is to be treated as essential to or definitive of the legal enterprise in all its manifestations , or is to be [differentiated] as a specially urgent demand issued in the name of critical morality .

This is sometimes described in terms of social engineering , and the resources that law brings as machinery are distinguished from its social goals .
this is sometimes described in terms of social engineering , and the resources that law brings as machinery are [differentiated] from its social goals .

Count Edward Raczynski , the distinguished centenarian ex-President of Poland in exile living in London , has created a foundation whose aim is to recover as much of his property as possible and return it to his country house of Rogalin outside Poznan .
count edward raczynski , the [differentiated] centenarian ex-president of poland in exile living in london , has created a foundation whose aim is to recover as much of his property as possible and return it to his country house of rogalin outside poznan .

Apart from their very high technical quality , as in the enamels by Le Sueur on the 1760 Prémin box , nearly all boxes are distinguished either by artists ' signatures or by their provenance .
apart from their very high technical quality , as in the enamels by le sueur on the 1760 prémin box , nearly all boxes are [differentiated] either by artists ' signatures or by their provenance .

The project has been mounted by an international team , led by Paola Marini of the Museo Civico in Bassano , Beverly Louise Brown for the Kimbell , Filippa Aliberti Gaudioso for the Soprintendenza per i Beni Artistici del Veneto , and the distinguished Bassano scholars , Roger Rearick and Alessandro Ballarin .
the project has been mounted by an international team , led by paola marini of the museo civico in bassano , beverly louise brown for the kimbell , filippa aliberti gaudioso for the soprintendenza per i beni artistici del veneto , and the [differentiated] bassano scholars , roger rearick and alessandro ballarin .

With the aid of the National Heritage Memorial Fund and the National Art Collections Fund , the National Portrait Gallery has bought three distinguished portraits of important British sitters in the first half of this year : Robert Walker 's ‘ John Evelyn ’ of 1648 shows the famous diarist with his hand resting upon a skull and it was painted as a wedding portrait for his wife , to accompany a treatise on matrimony .
with the aid of the national heritage memorial fund and the national art collections fund , the national portrait gallery has bought three [differentiated] portraits of important british sitters in the first half of this year : robert walker 's ‘ john evelyn ’ of 1648 shows the famous diarist with his hand resting upon a skull and it was painted as a wedding portrait for his wife , to accompany a treatise on matrimony .

Piers Rodgers , the Academy 's Secretary , makes the point that this is a show about art , not politics : ‘ There is a long and distinguished history of art and culture in Tibet and that civilisation is under threat at the moment .
piers rodgers , the academy 's secretary , makes the point that this is a show about art , not politics : ‘ there is a long and [differentiated] history of art and culture in tibet and that civilisation is under threat at the moment .

Powicke justly remarked that ‘ the list of well-known English barons , ecclesiastics , knights and clerks who were trained in Gascon affairs in the course of their distinguished careers would be long indeed ’ .
powicke justly remarked that ‘ the list of well-known english barons , ecclesiastics , knights and clerks who were trained in gascon affairs in the course of their [differentiated] careers would be long indeed ’ .

Paul made a very happy marriage with Muriel Ezra , the widow of a distinguished zoologist , who built up his own private menagerie in Surrey in the days before safari parks proliferated in the English countryside .
paul made a very happy marriage with muriel ezra , the widow of a [differentiated] zoologist , who built up his own private menagerie in surrey in the days before safari parks proliferated in the english countryside .

The first was over £1 million to set up the George Pitt-Rivers Chair of Archaeological Science in memory of the distinguished anthropologist , the late Captain George Pitt-Rivers .
the first was over £1 million to set up the george pitt-rivers chair of archaeological science in memory of the [differentiated] anthropologist , the late captain george pitt-rivers .

On reading the list of collections in the occupied territories , one can only speculate as to what has happened to some 3,000 numismatic items , 15,000 volumes of rare books and 8,100 prints , as well as antique arms belonging to the collection of Baltazar Bogisic , one of the most distinguished Croatian scientists of the nineteenth century .
on reading the list of collections in the occupied territories , one can only speculate as to what has happened to some 3,000 numismatic items , 15,000 volumes of rare books and 8,100 prints , as well as antique arms belonging to the collection of baltazar bogisic , one of the most [differentiated] croatian scientists of the nineteenth century .

( Note that most heads of colleges and vice-chancellors in Britain are still men — even though chancellors include some very distinguished women . )
( note that most heads of colleges and vice-chancellors in britain are still men — even though chancellors include some very [differentiated] women . )

Dependence/addiction are easily distinguished : we 're all dependent on friendship , but we 're all addicted to oxygen .
dependence/addiction are easily [differentiated] : we 're all dependent on friendship , but we 're all addicted to oxygen .

They are distinguished from village and nomadic rugs in both their overall character and appearance , and in the way they are made .
they are [differentiated] from village and nomadic rugs in both their overall character and appearance , and in the way they are made .

They are distinguished from medallion-and-corner schemes by the totemistic quality of the forms and frequent repetition of the dominant motif ( pls .
they are [differentiated] from medallion-and-corner schemes by the totemistic quality of the forms and frequent repetition of the dominant motif ( pls .

They can be easily distinguished from closed back rugs by the white threads of inserted wefting running across the back .
they can be easily [differentiated] from closed back rugs by the white threads of inserted wefting running across the back .

Both these controls must be distinguished from a third , namely external financing limits .
both these controls must be [differentiated] from a third , namely external financing limits .

It is unlikely that Gloucester could have flouted the council 's wishes without at least tacit royal approval , and it is this which distinguished the duke from his predecessor as chief steward .
it is unlikely that gloucester could have flouted the council 's wishes without at least tacit royal approval , and it is this which [differentiated] the duke from his predecessor as chief steward .

Stanley was thus distinguished from Gloucester 's other northern satellites , several of whom , including Northumberland , apparently co-operated in his coup .
stanley was thus [differentiated] from gloucester 's other northern satellites , several of whom , including northumberland , apparently co-operated in his coup .

They were more often intellectuals than big industrialists , being what Robert Gray has called ‘ urban gentry ’ , removed from the direct world of production and distinguished from other bourgeois groups by the rigours by which they set forth their views .
they were more often intellectuals than big industrialists , being what robert gray has called ‘ urban gentry ’ , removed from the direct world of production and [differentiated] from other bourgeois groups by the rigours by which they set forth their views .

Four pretty distinguished honorary graduates received their degrees from the new Chancellor .
four pretty [differentiated] honorary graduates received their degrees from the new chancellor .

This distinguished between the temporary unemployment of skilled workers in periods of depression and the permanent underemployment of others in a labour market overstocked with workers with limited or no skills .
this [differentiated] between the temporary unemployment of skilled workers in periods of depression and the permanent underemployment of others in a labour market overstocked with workers with limited or no skills .

But the other institutions were distinguished by their position in the ‘ assembly-line ’ rather than the kind of business with which they dealt .
but the other institutions were [differentiated] by their position in the ‘ assembly-line ’ rather than the kind of business with which they dealt .

The first correspondent holds a distinguished position in the highest ranks of the nursing profession ; the second is the author of books on social work with children .
the first correspondent holds a [differentiated] position in the highest ranks of the nursing profession ; the second is the author of books on social work with children .

Should a phase generally be gratifying he will successfully pass through that one to the next ; should it be frustrating he will remain fixated at this stage and as an adult manifest a particular personality constellation , such as the ‘ oral character ’ , distinguished by such features as excessive dependence , passivity and ‘ mouth habits ’ .
should a phase generally be gratifying he will successfully pass through that one to the next ; should it be frustrating he will remain fixated at this stage and as an adult manifest a particular personality constellation , such as the ‘ oral character ’ , [differentiated] by such features as excessive dependence , passivity and ‘ mouth habits ’ .

Apologists wishing to stress the harmony between science and religion may gloss over those facets of Christianity as it was that distinguished it from Christianity as they now wish it to be .
apologists wishing to stress the harmony between science and religion may gloss over those facets of christianity as it was that [differentiated] it from christianity as they now wish it to be .

Different patterns of subordination will be distinguished with reference to the work of Roger Bacon , to the synthesis of Aristotelian philosophy and Christian theology achieved by Thomas Aquinas ( ?
different patterns of subordination will be [differentiated] with reference to the work of roger bacon , to the synthesis of aristotelian philosophy and christian theology achieved by thomas aquinas ( ?

He distinguished between different kinds of final cause , some of which , like the purpose of the eye , could be identified .
he [differentiated] between different kinds of final cause , some of which , like the purpose of the eye , could be identified .

In contrast to Van Helmont 's confusion of the two books , Boyle distinguished them but without setting them in opposition .
in contrast to van helmont 's confusion of the two books , boyle [differentiated] them but without setting them in opposition .

Only a few writers in international relations ( notably Jervis , 1976 ; Steinbruner , 1974 ) have seriously questioned the assumption of rationality in state policy making and some more recent works have distinguished bargaining in which the parties are not consciously conflictual but are searching for a point of convergence ( Raiffa , 1982 ; Rangarajan , 1985 ) .
only a few writers in international relations ( notably jervis , 1976 ; steinbruner , 1974 ) have seriously questioned the assumption of rationality in state policy making and some more recent works have [differentiated] bargaining in which the parties are not consciously conflictual but are searching for a point of convergence ( raiffa , 1982 ; rangarajan , 1985 ) .

Col. Sutherland is a Special Forces veteran who enjoyed a distinguished career .
col. sutherland is a special forces veteran who enjoyed a [differentiated] career .

Goody 's claims that Greek historians have distinguished myth from history is of a kind with the uncritical faith of these classicists .
goody 's claims that greek historians have [differentiated] myth from history is of a kind with the uncritical faith of these classicists .

The categories ‘ restricted ’ and ‘ full ’ realisation of potential can not be so clearly distinguished .
the categories ‘ restricted ’ and ‘ full ’ realisation of potential can not be so clearly [differentiated] .

It is an activity that must be distinguished from the various abstract modes of experience .
it is an activity that must be [differentiated] from the various abstract modes of experience .

Rationality , as distinguished from Rationalism , is considered by Oakeshott as ‘ faithfulness to the knowledge we have of how to conduct the specific activity we are engaged in ’ .
rationality , as [differentiated] from rationalism , is considered by oakeshott as ‘ faithfulness to the knowledge we have of how to conduct the specific activity we are engaged in ’ .

Who 's Who — names of distinguished people .
who 's who — names of [differentiated] people .

If they are different parts of speech , they are distinguished by the italic part-of-speech label that follows the pronunciation in parentheses , or , if no pronunciation is given , the headword itself .
if they are different parts of speech , they are [differentiated] by the italic part-of-speech label that follows the pronunciation in parentheses , or , if no pronunciation is given , the headword itself .

If the homonyms are the same part of speech , they are distinguished by superior numbers following the part-of-speech label .
if the homonyms are the same part of speech , they are [differentiated] by superior numbers following the part-of-speech label .

‘ Quiet and distinguished , Friedersdorf had a reputation for honesty and integrity and was highly regarded by senators and Congressmen of both parties .
‘ quiet and [differentiated] , friedersdorf had a reputation for honesty and integrity and was highly regarded by senators and congressmen of both parties .

This process prevented even the most distinguished families from establishing the kind of firm territorial base which underpinned the political influence of Western aristocracies .
this process prevented even the most [differentiated] families from establishing the kind of firm territorial base which underpinned the political influence of western aristocracies .

One of the features which most sharply distinguished Muscovy from western and much of central Europe was the relative backwardness of her commercial , manufacturing , and urban development .
one of the features which most sharply [differentiated] muscovy from western and much of central europe was the relative backwardness of her commercial , manufacturing , and urban development .

Six hundred men , some from the most distinguished aristocratic families , went on trial for the quixotic rising of December 1825 .
six hundred men , some from the most [differentiated] aristocratic families , went on trial for the quixotic rising of december 1825 .

Diagnostic group ( a ) was chosen in the light of discussions in the report on Dounreay ( paras 2.27–2.30 ) and of the conclusion of the working group that acute lymphoblastic leukaemia could be adequately distinguished from other leukaemia in our data .
diagnostic group ( a ) was chosen in the light of discussions in the report on dounreay ( paras 2.27–2.30 ) and of the conclusion of the working group that acute lymphoblastic leukaemia could be adequately [differentiated] from other leukaemia in our data .

For one school of distinguished late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century historians , led by Luchaire , the twelfth century was essentially the century of the communes — those sworn associations of burghers who , spurred by economic change , challenged with violence the feudal ordering of society , and brought about a new world .
for one school of [differentiated] late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century historians , led by luchaire , the twelfth century was essentially the century of the communes — those sworn associations of burghers who , spurred by economic change , challenged with violence the feudal ordering of society , and brought about a new world .

Yet they were surely correct in their fundamental premise , that what distinguished the twelfth century from its predecessors was above all the proliferation of new political communities , juridically defined by their consuetudines or coutumes .
yet they were surely correct in their fundamental premise , that what [differentiated] the twelfth century from its predecessors was above all the proliferation of new political communities , juridically defined by their consuetudines or coutumes .

Guibert of Nogent , a distinguished raconteur , was in the city on 26 April , the day on which the burghers ' resentment boiled over into rebellion , and left this account of events :
guibert of nogent , a [differentiated] raconteur , was in the city on 26 april , the day on which the burghers ' resentment boiled over into rebellion , and left this account of events :

Since what distinguished communities was their legal customs , anomalies could be reduced by greater legal uniformity within a whole castellany or , better still , a whole province .
since what [differentiated] communities was their legal customs , anomalies could be reduced by greater legal uniformity within a whole castellany or , better still , a whole province .

The two main political parties took a generally conservative line and were distinguished more by personal attachment to the leading personalities of each party than by any basic differences in ideology .
the two main political parties took a generally conservative line and were [differentiated] more by personal attachment to the leading personalities of each party than by any basic differences in ideology .

Japan 's economic structure has , for the last century , been distinguished by the continuing existence of a limited number of very large producers and a very large number of very small producers .
japan 's economic structure has , for the last century , been [differentiated] by the continuing existence of a limited number of very large producers and a very large number of very small producers .

Two aspects of the shift in emphasis accorded to democratic reform need to be distinguished .
two aspects of the shift in emphasis accorded to democratic reform need to be [differentiated] .

The teacher developers are distinguished from the teacher users by the fact that they must already be well acclimatized to using computers in the classroom .
the teacher developers are [differentiated] from the teacher users by the fact that they must already be well acclimatized to using computers in the classroom .

Is to be distinguished from the implementation , in which electronic circuits are designed to realize an architecture .
is to be [differentiated] from the implementation , in which electronic circuits are designed to realize an architecture .

Are the categories more or less clearly distinguished ?
are the categories more or less clearly [differentiated] ?

Note that in the above discussion we have carefully distinguished the first from the second operand .
note that in the above discussion we have carefully [differentiated] the first from the second operand .

However , extracodes are usually distinguished by the fact that operation codes have been allocated to them at the computer hardware design level , either because they will be normal hardwired instructions in some models , or because an instruction requirement has been recognized that is uneconomic to implement in hardware .
however , extracodes are usually [differentiated] by the fact that operation codes have been allocated to them at the computer hardware design level , either because they will be normal hardwired instructions in some models , or because an instruction requirement has been recognized that is uneconomic to implement in hardware .

The invalid operation code interrupt and unimplemented instruction interrupt are thus distinguished at entry to the supervisor .
the invalid operation code interrupt and unimplemented instruction interrupt are thus [differentiated] at entry to the supervisor .

We begin by introducing the term process , which is to be distinguished from the term program .
we begin by introducing the term process , which is to be [differentiated] from the term program .

Some computers provide several so-called processor modes , distinguished by the allocation of a separate accumulator set to each mode ; one mode ( the problem mode ) is further distinguished by having privileged instructions disabled , while the others are all supervisor modes entered under different interrupt conditions .
some computers provide several so-called processor modes , [differentiated] by the allocation of a separate accumulator set to each mode ; one mode ( the problem mode ) is further [differentiated] by having privileged instructions disabled , while the others are all supervisor modes entered under different interrupt conditions .

After 1789 , Bentham , who was among that distinguished band of foreigners on whom the Revolution conferred honorary French citizenship , saw that the people were capable of acting politically for themselves , and was converted to the general principle of political democracy .
after 1789 , bentham , who was among that [differentiated] band of foreigners on whom the revolution conferred honorary french citizenship , saw that the people were capable of acting politically for themselves , and was converted to the general principle of political democracy .

The women who worked in the butchers ' section distinguished themselves the most during that very special battle .
the women who worked in the butchers ' section [differentiated] themselves the most during that very special battle .

Four types of structural coloration may be distinguished : ( i ) Structural white is caused by the scattering , reflection and refraction of light by microscopic particles large in comparison with the wavelength of light and which , in themselves , are usually transparent .
four types of structural coloration may be [differentiated] : ( i ) structural white is caused by the scattering , reflection and refraction of light by microscopic particles large in comparison with the wavelength of light and which , in themselves , are usually transparent .

Imms ( 1939 , 1940 ) has distinguished two main types of antennae .
imms ( 1939 , 1940 ) has [differentiated] two main types of antennae .

Three sets of pleural muscles , may be distinguished .
three sets of pleural muscles , may be [differentiated] .

Many of the lowest attainers have not distinguished the concepts of angle and space or length and so need tasks and concomitant criteria which attempt to clarify the distinction .
many of the lowest attainers have not [differentiated] the concepts of angle and space or length and so need tasks and concomitant criteria which attempt to clarify the distinction .

Photography has reached its 150th anniversary and arrived , simultaneously , at a period of unprecedented diversity , distinguished achievement and fundamental change .
photography has reached its 150th anniversary and arrived , simultaneously , at a period of unprecedented diversity , [differentiated] achievement and fundamental change .

Another important initiative by this French government agency includes its support for a series of television films made by the distinguished director Agnes Varda .
another important initiative by this french government agency includes its support for a series of television films made by the [differentiated] director agnes varda .

Fourthly , we may single out what is ordinarily called an event or change , partly because of its brief duration , and thereby distinguished from what is called a standing condition — say the movement of a lever as against its tensile strength .
fourthly , we may single out what is ordinarily called an event or change , partly because of its brief duration , and thereby [differentiated] from what is called a standing condition — say the movement of a lever as against its tensile strength .

Dependent nomic conditionals are readily distinguished from a number of other sorts of `` if `` statements .
dependent nomic conditionals are readily [differentiated] from a number of other sorts of `` if `` statements .

Dependent conditionals have often not been distinguished by philosophers from one or another larger category of `` if `` statements .
dependent conditionals have often not been [differentiated] by philosophers from one or another larger category of `` if `` statements .

The objector must be distinguished sharply from someone who merely attributes to us some particular idea of a particular necessitating circumstance for the effect , some particular idea of what was included in the circumstance for the candle smell , and believes that the circumstance included more .
the objector must be [differentiated] sharply from someone who merely attributes to us some particular idea of a particular necessitating circumstance for the effect , some particular idea of what was included in the circumstance for the candle smell , and believes that the circumstance included more .

The members of each set are distinguished one from another by what are fairly well known , the different theories of the nature of probability , all of them consistent with the Probability Calculus .
the members of each set are [differentiated] one from another by what are fairly well known , the different theories of the nature of probability , all of them consistent with the probability calculus .

It is n't necessary to tell you that the West Riding owes its position in the vanguard of educational thinking and practice to a few people , of whom Basil was one of the most distinguished , and the work he has done will still go on .
it is n't necessary to tell you that the west riding owes its position in the vanguard of educational thinking and practice to a few people , of whom basil was one of the most [differentiated] , and the work he has done will still go on .

An exhibition of the works by this distinguished group of painters , who included William Coldstream , Claude Rogers and Victor Pasmore , was organised at Wakefield Art Gallery and later taken on tour by the Arts Council .
an exhibition of the works by this [differentiated] group of painters , who included william coldstream , claude rogers and victor pasmore , was organised at wakefield art gallery and later taken on tour by the arts council .

There was a wonderful atmosphere , heightened by the music from a distinguished military band .
there was a wonderful atmosphere , heightened by the music from a [differentiated] military band .

Fertilized eggs can be distinguished from those that are unfertilized within hours of fertilization by their prominent second polar body ( Figure 1 , panel 5 ) .
fertilized eggs can be [differentiated] from those that are unfertilized within hours of fertilization by their prominent second polar body ( figure 1 , panel 5 ) .

The 16-cell stage is the first stage at which two cellular phenotypes ( polar and apolar ) can be distinguished ( discussed in Section 4.1 ) .
the 16-cell stage is the first stage at which two cellular phenotypes ( polar and apolar ) can be [differentiated] ( discussed in section 4.1 ) .

If staining is carried out after disaggregation all cells stain but two phenotypes , one polar and one non-polar , can be distinguished .
if staining is carried out after disaggregation all cells stain but two phenotypes , one polar and one non-polar , can be [differentiated] .

The mitotic divisions recovered from the pronuclear stages are unique because they reveal gametic chromosome complements ; thus , in a fertilized egg , male and female contributions can be distinguished , and in unfertilized eggs , the female chromosomes can be revealed by parthenogenetic activation with a variety of treatments ( ref.1 , and see Chapter 12 ) .
the mitotic divisions recovered from the pronuclear stages are unique because they reveal gametic chromosome complements ; thus , in a fertilized egg , male and female contributions can be [differentiated] , and in unfertilized eggs , the female chromosomes can be revealed by parthenogenetic activation with a variety of treatments ( ref.1 , and see chapter 12 ) .

Initially , the male can be distinguished from the female complement by the more elongated chromosomes and staining differences ( 3 ) but , as development progresses , the two become more equivalent and less easy to separate .
initially , the male can be [differentiated] from the female complement by the more elongated chromosomes and staining differences ( 3 ) but , as development progresses , the two become more equivalent and less easy to separate .

( Another example of this attempt to separate similar words , as a matter of interest , is the number of occasions where identical words are distinguished by doubling letters — of and off , to and too ( but not two , which comes from a different root — twegen ) and more subtle ones like in and inn .
( another example of this attempt to separate similar words , as a matter of interest , is the number of occasions where identical words are [differentiated] by doubling letters — of and off , to and too ( but not two , which comes from a different root — twegen ) and more subtle ones like in and inn .

Typically , project acquisitions could not be distinguished on the shelves or if they could , most of the people we asked could not show us which they were .
typically , project acquisitions could not be [differentiated] on the shelves or if they could , most of the people we asked could not show us which they were .

Jarvis crossed the vestibule , a large high-ceilinged chamber with mock-medieval hammer beams , on the walls of which were incised on yellow pine panels the names of pupils who had in some small way distinguished themselves .
jarvis crossed the vestibule , a large high-ceilinged chamber with mock-medieval hammer beams , on the walls of which were incised on yellow pine panels the names of pupils who had in some small way [differentiated] themselves .

As she stood there in the vestibule , in front of the carved names of Cambridge School 's distinguished pupils , all the Dorothys and Joans and Ediths and Hildas , the glass-panelled front door opened and an old woman let herself in .
as she stood there in the vestibule , in front of the carved names of cambridge school 's [differentiated] pupils , all the dorothys and joans and ediths and hildas , the glass-panelled front door opened and an old woman let herself in .

The viability of newspapers is in turn judged by the number of distinguished ‘ names ’ they can accumulate and poach ’
the viability of newspapers is in turn judged by the number of [differentiated] ‘ names ’ they can accumulate and poach ’

And the viability of newspapers is in turn judged by the number of distinguished ‘ names ’ they can accumulate and poach .
and the viability of newspapers is in turn judged by the number of [differentiated] ‘ names ’ they can accumulate and poach .

The soprano Birgit Nilsson reminisces with John Higgins about her distinguished career
the soprano birgit nilsson reminisces with john higgins about her [differentiated] career

His falls from grace could indeed seem like spots on the sun , and in the words of Yvonne Lefébure ( always among his most distinguished pupils ) ‘ his wrong notes were those of a God ’ .
his falls from grace could indeed seem like spots on the sun , and in the words of yvonne lefébure ( always among his most [differentiated] pupils ) ‘ his wrong notes were those of a god ’ .

It comes almost as a relief to find Cortot 's Debussy and Ravel less distinguished .
it comes almost as a relief to find cortot 's debussy and ravel less [differentiated] .

His Ravel , while less unfortunate than his recording of the Left-hand Concerto , hardly counts among his most distinguished offerings .
his ravel , while less unfortunate than his recording of the left-hand concerto , hardly counts among his most [differentiated] offerings .

They distinguished , therefore , between an ‘ environmental ’ group of services — planning , transportation and development — and a ‘ personal ’ group of services — education , personal social services and housing .
they [differentiated] , therefore , between an ‘ environmental ’ group of services — planning , transportation and development — and a ‘ personal ’ group of services — education , personal social services and housing .

The Maud Committee , for example , distinguished between councillors who were members of a political party and those who were not , but did not take the analysis any further .
the maud committee , for example , [differentiated] between councillors who were members of a political party and those who were not , but did not take the analysis any further .

The Widdicombe Committee distinguished between senior officers who advise on policy and who should ‘ command the respect and trust of all political parties ’ ( Widdicombe 1986:161 ) and other employees .
the widdicombe committee [differentiated] between senior officers who advise on policy and who should ‘ command the respect and trust of all political parties ’ ( widdicombe 1986:161 ) and other employees .

Representative democracy , however , whether at national or local level , must be distinguished from the participatory approaches that provide for direct involvement in the policy-making process ( Pateman 1970 ) .
representative democracy , however , whether at national or local level , must be [differentiated] from the participatory approaches that provide for direct involvement in the policy-making process ( pateman 1970 ) .

The annual presentation of awards ceremony during the afternoon say a good turnout of supporters and distinguished guests in the Festival Hall .
the annual presentation of awards ceremony during the afternoon say a good turnout of supporters and [differentiated] guests in the festival hall .

Fraserburgh has a long and distinguished lifeboat history , but the town has paid the price with the loss of no less than 13 lifeboatmen 's lives in the course of several disasters .
fraserburgh has a long and [differentiated] lifeboat history , but the town has paid the price with the loss of no less than 13 lifeboatmen 's lives in the course of several disasters .

Prince Ito Hirobumi , a distinguished genro ( elder statesman ) and a former Prime Minister , was the first resident-general .
prince ito hirobumi , a [differentiated] genro ( elder statesman ) and a former prime minister , was the first resident-general .

MacArthur was one of the most distinguished soldiers in the history of the United States .
macarthur was one of the most [differentiated] soldiers in the history of the united states .

Joe Bamford , who hailed from a distinguished Staffordshire agricultural family , built his first excavator after the war .
joe bamford , who hailed from a [differentiated] staffordshire agricultural family , built his first excavator after the war .

Thomas Holmes , the distinguished London Police Court Missioner , agreed and described the affair as ‘ pressmanufactured Hooliganism ’ .
thomas holmes , the [differentiated] london police court missioner , agreed and described the affair as ‘ pressmanufactured hooliganism ’ .

Long ago , Thucydides distinguished between causes and occasions of war .
long ago , thucydides [differentiated] between causes and occasions of war .

On the other hand , a neat , simple , and not implausible scientific method can be offered using no more than constancy , and ‘ Realism ’ coincided with a distinguished attempt at this .
on the other hand , a neat , simple , and not implausible scientific method can be offered using no more than constancy , and ‘ realism ’ coincided with a [differentiated] attempt at this .

If he was thus eligible for that title , there must have been something which qualified him — something which distinguished him from the numerous other leaders , both military and political , who at the time were themselves becoming thorns in the Roman side .
if he was thus eligible for that title , there must have been something which qualified him — something which [differentiated] him from the numerous other leaders , both military and political , who at the time were themselves becoming thorns in the roman side .

What , if anything , distinguished them from ‘ the other Jews ’ , sometimes hostile , sometimes sympathetic , milling around as supernumeraries in the background ?
what , if anything , [differentiated] them from ‘ the other jews ’ , sometimes hostile , sometimes sympathetic , milling around as supernumeraries in the background ?

Two salient age groups can be distinguished : the 16–30 age group , which contains all ages comprising at least 1 per cent of the users ( 92 per cent of all users ) ; and the 18–22 age group , which contains the five ages which each comprised at least 5 per cent of the users ( 56 per cent of all users ) .
two salient age groups can be [differentiated] : the 16–30 age group , which contains all ages comprising at least 1 per cent of the users ( 92 per cent of all users ) ; and the 18–22 age group , which contains the five ages which each comprised at least 5 per cent of the users ( 56 per cent of all users ) .

The north of the area is distinguished by enormous forested mountain plateaux with deep river-carved valleys .
the north of the area is [differentiated] by enormous forested mountain plateaux with deep river-carved valleys .

Cochem is distinguished by a fairytale castle .
cochem is [differentiated] by a fairytale castle .

International discussion is eased if they are distinguished as far as possible .
international discussion is eased if they are [differentiated] as far as possible .

The petitioner took the view that involuntary agency could not properly be distinguished either from notification au parquet , to which the authors of the Convention were clearly opposed , or from such devices as service upon a State official , typically the Secretary of State , permitted in various United States jurisdictions .
the petitioner took the view that involuntary agency could not properly be [differentiated] either from notification au parquet , to which the authors of the convention were clearly opposed , or from such devices as service upon a state official , typically the secretary of state , permitted in various united states jurisdictions .

On this point a Mareva injunction can be distinguished from an Anton Piller order ; it was the fact that the latter is immediately and irreversibly executed as soon as it is served which led the court in Allertext Inc .
on this point a mareva injunction can be [differentiated] from an anton piller order ; it was the fact that the latter is immediately and irreversibly executed as soon as it is served which led the court in allertext inc .

The Divisional Court in that case distinguished between the obtaining of evidence for use in a trial , ‘ direct ’ material , which constituted ‘ testimony ’ under that Act and which would be gathered in response to a Letter of Request , and the obtaining of ‘ indirect ’ material , which might lead to a line of enquiry pointing to actual evidence ; the English courts would not assist a foreign court to obtain such ‘ indirect ’ material .
the divisional court in that case [differentiated] between the obtaining of evidence for use in a trial , ‘ direct ’ material , which constituted ‘ testimony ’ under that act and which would be gathered in response to a letter of request , and the obtaining of ‘ indirect ’ material , which might lead to a line of enquiry pointing to actual evidence ; the english courts would not assist a foreign court to obtain such ‘ indirect ’ material .

Lancers is unique and distinguished .
lancers is unique and [differentiated] .

In the burial ground will be found the graves of many distinguished men including Thomas de Quincey , author of Confessions of an Opium Eater .
in the burial ground will be found the graves of many [differentiated] men including thomas de quincey , author of confessions of an opium eater .

Originally intended as the principal thoroughfare in the New Town designed by James Craig in 1765 , George Street was lined with not very distinguished buildings .
originally intended as the principal thoroughfare in the new town designed by james craig in 1765 , george street was lined with not very [differentiated] buildings .

Sir Trevor follows in the distinguished footsteps of Lord Wilson of Rievaulx and Sir John Harvey-Jones to become Bradford 's third Chancellor .
sir trevor follows in the [differentiated] footsteps of lord wilson of rievaulx and sir john harvey-jones to become bradford 's third chancellor .

Two types of mental health problem in later life may be distinguished : conditions identified in all age groups and those specific to the elderly .
two types of mental health problem in later life may be [differentiated] : conditions identified in all age groups and those specific to the elderly .

Moved by the decorations of the chapel at Westminster and the array of victorious , distinguished officers allied with him in the Order of the Bath , Lord Hornblower is true to his distrustful self .
moved by the decorations of the chapel at westminster and the array of victorious , [differentiated] officers allied with him in the order of the bath , lord hornblower is true to his distrustful self .

Following the celebration at this year 's Festival of ‘ New Writing ‘ 92 ’ , to which he contributed an essay , Michael Ignatieff the distinguished columnist and broadcaster considers the concept of Europe in these post-Maastrict times .
following the celebration at this year 's festival of ‘ new writing ‘ 92 ’ , to which he contributed an essay , michael ignatieff the [differentiated] columnist and broadcaster considers the concept of europe in these post-maastrict times .

Three diverse and distinguished writers all resident in Brighton , present their latest work .
three diverse and [differentiated] writers all resident in brighton , present their latest work .

Tonight he joins distinguished lexicographers Prof John Sinclair ( Birmingham University ) John Simpson ( Oxford English Dictionary ) and Sara Tulloch ( Oxford Dictionary of New words ) to take a wry look at the way the English language is constantly in flux .
tonight he joins [differentiated] lexicographers prof john sinclair ( birmingham university ) john simpson ( oxford english dictionary ) and sara tulloch ( oxford dictionary of new words ) to take a wry look at the way the english language is constantly in flux .

Its meaning has begun to leak away through indiscriminate extensions beyond its original significance , extensions to cases which would normally be distinguished as cases of non-violence .
its meaning has begun to leak away through indiscriminate extensions beyond its original significance , extensions to cases which would normally be [differentiated] as cases of non-violence .

Two distinct aspects of the career process are to be distinguished .
two distinct aspects of the career process are to be [differentiated] .

On summer days she would practise her arabesques on the sandstone balustrades of the house and when the visitors had gone she danced in the black-and-white marble entrance hall , known officially as Wootton Hall , beneath portraits of her distinguished ancestors .
on summer days she would practise her arabesques on the sandstone balustrades of the house and when the visitors had gone she danced in the black-and-white marble entrance hall , known officially as wootton hall , beneath portraits of her [differentiated] ancestors .

Even if ‘ non market ’ legal topics , where no economic root is discernable , can not be analyzed by applying law and economics ( there being heated debate among distinguished scholars as to whether such analysis is ultimately valid ) , the interdisciplinary use of economics and law to analyze a legal problem with an economic foundation is a more soundly based proposition .
even if ‘ non market ’ legal topics , where no economic root is discernable , can not be analyzed by applying law and economics ( there being heated debate among [differentiated] scholars as to whether such analysis is ultimately valid ) , the interdisciplinary use of economics and law to analyze a legal problem with an economic foundation is a more soundly based proposition .

The reasonable man is distinguished by three fundamental characteristics : he behaves in a reasonably prudent manner , he acts with fair regard to others , and conduct which does not match up to his behaviour is subnormal or deviant .
the reasonable man is [differentiated] by three fundamental characteristics : he behaves in a reasonably prudent manner , he acts with fair regard to others , and conduct which does not match up to his behaviour is subnormal or deviant .

Though conflict of interest situations are diverse in form , they can , however , be distinguished from other types of market place misconduct such as bribery , embezzlement , fraud etc .
though conflict of interest situations are diverse in form , they can , however , be [differentiated] from other types of market place misconduct such as bribery , embezzlement , fraud etc .

The case was distinguished from Percival v. Wright because the directors had held themselves out as agents of some of the shareholders and thus were capable of being considered as fiduciaries to those shareholders .
the case was [differentiated] from percival v. wright because the directors had held themselves out as agents of some of the shareholders and thus were capable of being considered as fiduciaries to those shareholders .

This is quite simply one of the most distinguished hotels in Italy .
this is quite simply one of the most [differentiated] hotels in italy .

The distinguished Excelsior
the [differentiated] excelsior

Philosophers of all kinds continually look to thinkers from previous times for inspiration and argument , and schools can often be distinguished by which predecessors they read and discuss .
philosophers of all kinds continually look to thinkers from previous times for inspiration and argument , and schools can often be [differentiated] by which predecessors they read and discuss .

Within this second type of explanation , two very different theses may be distinguished :
within this second type of explanation , two very different theses may be [differentiated] :

This view , then , may be distinguished from the ‘ orthodox ’ sociological view for separate consideration : it is the patriarchy thesis .
this view , then , may be [differentiated] from the ‘ orthodox ’ sociological view for separate consideration : it is the patriarchy thesis .

Aristotle 's argument concerns the question of what it is that makes an action ‘ voluntary ’ , done of a person 's own free will , and in order to answer this question , he distinguished between actions whose origin was ‘ inside ’ a person , and those whose origin was ‘ outside ’ , which resulted from external influences or pressure or compulsion .
aristotle 's argument concerns the question of what it is that makes an action ‘ voluntary ’ , done of a person 's own free will , and in order to answer this question , he [differentiated] between actions whose origin was ‘ inside ’ a person , and those whose origin was ‘ outside ’ , which resulted from external influences or pressure or compulsion .

Unfortunately for her and the Sun , so is the judge , who , as Carman knows , has a distinguished war record .
unfortunately for her and the sun , so is the judge , who , as carman knows , has a [differentiated] war record .

To begin with , it would appear that in the products of the unconscious — spontaneous ideas , phantasies , symptoms — the conceptions faeces ( money , gift ) , child and penis are seldom distinguished and are easily interchangeable .
to begin with , it would appear that in the products of the unconscious — spontaneous ideas , phantasies , symptoms — the conceptions faeces ( money , gift ) , child and penis are seldom [differentiated] and are easily interchangeable .

There are two types of proposition in Freud 's theory which are not always as clearly distinguished as they might have been in his writing .
there are two types of proposition in freud 's theory which are not always as clearly [differentiated] as they might have been in his writing .

Freud goes on to use McDougall 's analysis of the positive aspects of groups , the crowd being distinguished from the positive group by the lack of organization found in groups which have been positive in their effects .
freud goes on to use mcdougall 's analysis of the positive aspects of groups , the crowd being [differentiated] from the positive group by the lack of organization found in groups which have been positive in their effects .

Taboo is distinguished from what the Polynesians call noa , that is , the common , or the generally accessible .
taboo is [differentiated] from what the polynesians call noa , that is , the common , or the generally accessible .

Furthermore , thought and deed are not distinguished as sharply by primitives or children as they are by modern adults , and therefore the impact on primitives of the wish to kill and devour father ( s ) was as great , psychically , as the deed would be to modern people .
furthermore , thought and deed are not [differentiated] as sharply by primitives or children as they are by modern adults , and therefore the impact on primitives of the wish to kill and devour father ( s ) was as great , psychically , as the deed would be to modern people .

However , it is important to distinguish between the unconscious elements in work of the kind he pursued , and the element of correspondence with reality , or rationality of thought , which is to be distinguished from phantasy .
however , it is important to distinguish between the unconscious elements in work of the kind he pursued , and the element of correspondence with reality , or rationality of thought , which is to be [differentiated] from phantasy .

In childhood , traumas have a sexual and aggressive component , the two not being distinguished by young children — the primal scene , when seen by a child under five , is taken to be an attack by father on mother .
in childhood , traumas have a sexual and aggressive component , the two not being [differentiated] by young children — the primal scene , when seen by a child under five , is taken to be an attack by father on mother .

Kangchenjunga has claimed the life of distinguished Polish mountaineer Wanda Rutkiewicz .
kangchenjunga has claimed the life of [differentiated] polish mountaineer wanda rutkiewicz .

Born in Lithuania during the war , 49 year old Wanda had a distinguished career .
born in lithuania during the war , 49 year old wanda had a [differentiated] career .

There had been little enthusiasm for the renewal of war in Scotland in 1332 , and apart from his victory at Halidon Hill Edward had scarcely distinguished himself on his Scottish campaigns .
there had been little enthusiasm for the renewal of war in scotland in 1332 , and apart from his victory at halidon hill edward had scarcely [differentiated] himself on his scottish campaigns .

He had enjoyed a distinguished military career : he fought with the Black Prince at Crécy when he was only sixteen , and served in Brittany between 1360 and 1367 .
he had enjoyed a [differentiated] military career : he fought with the black prince at crécy when he was only sixteen , and served in brittany between 1360 and 1367 .

Thought to have been brought together by two distinguished Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh , Alexander Keith Johnston and Roderick Impey Murchison , the collection was beautifully mounted and dissected , and housed in purpose-built boxes ; most items are in virtually mint condition .
thought to have been brought together by two [differentiated] fellows of the royal society of edinburgh , alexander keith johnston and roderick impey murchison , the collection was beautifully mounted and dissected , and housed in purpose-built boxes ; most items are in virtually mint condition .

On February 4 , 1818 , a distinguished group of men gathered on the stair outside the Crown Room in Edinburgh Castle .
on february 4 , 1818 , a [differentiated] group of men gathered on the stair outside the crown room in edinburgh castle .

Any sound image will do , as long as it is distinguished from others in the system .
any sound image will do , as long as it is [differentiated] from others in the system .

The University of Edinburgh has a distinguished tradition of research and postgraduate study in many fields .
the university of edinburgh has a [differentiated] tradition of research and postgraduate study in many fields .

But however distinguished its history , Edinburgh very much sees itself as a University of the 1990s committed to research and teaching covering the hi-tech disciplines of the future , as well as disciplines rooted in the past .
but however [differentiated] its history , edinburgh very much sees itself as a university of the 1990s committed to research and teaching covering the hi-tech disciplines of the future , as well as disciplines rooted in the past .

The department has a distinguished record in Cervantes studies , the picaresque , and in the Golden-Age theatre .
the department has a [differentiated] record in cervantes studies , the picaresque , and in the golden-age theatre .

Today it possesses a distinguished staff , many with international reputations , closely involved in postgraduate education and the advancement of legal knowledge .
today it possesses a [differentiated] staff , many with international reputations , closely involved in postgraduate education and the advancement of legal knowledge .

Biological research has a long and distinguished tradition in the University and the excellence of research within the Division is recognised nationally and internationally .
biological research has a long and [differentiated] tradition in the university and the excellence of research within the division is recognised nationally and internationally .

The University of Edinburgh has a long and distinguished history and at a time of difficulty for the institutions of higher education throughout the country , Edinburgh is in a process of constantly reappraising and improving standards to meet the growing demands of a changing world .
the university of edinburgh has a long and [differentiated] history and at a time of difficulty for the institutions of higher education throughout the country , edinburgh is in a process of constantly reappraising and improving standards to meet the growing demands of a changing world .

The University of Edinburgh , although it has a long and distinguished history , is very much a university of the 1990s .
the university of edinburgh , although it has a long and [differentiated] history , is very much a university of the 1990s .

There is also a lively series of seminars organised by the Centre and there are frequent visits from distinguished overseas scholars .
there is also a lively series of seminars organised by the centre and there are frequent visits from [differentiated] overseas scholars .

Quite a distinguished name .
quite a [differentiated] name .

Should be honoured bearing the names of their distinguished forebears .
should be honoured bearing the names of their [differentiated] forebears .

‘ Surely some of your colleagues , like you , have distinguished military records ? ’
‘ surely some of your colleagues , like you , have [differentiated] military records ? ’

None of those wretches were distinguished enough to get into Who 's Who so one does n't have anywhere to start from .
none of those wretches were [differentiated] enough to get into who 's who so one does n't have anywhere to start from .

Fascism as a form of state needs to be distinguished from other authoritarian forms which are associated with particular stages in the development of capitalism .
fascism as a form of state needs to be [differentiated] from other authoritarian forms which are associated with particular stages in the development of capitalism .

Lenin distinguished between administrative control and accounting on the one hand , and ‘ the scientifically trained staff of engineers , agronomists and so on ’ on the other .
lenin [differentiated] between administrative control and accounting on the one hand , and ‘ the scientifically trained staff of engineers , agronomists and so on ’ on the other .

And Parsons claimed that what distinguished an organization from other types of social system is ‘ the primary of orientation to the attainment of a specific goal ’ ( Parsons 1956 ) .
and parsons claimed that what [differentiated] an organization from other types of social system is ‘ the primary of orientation to the attainment of a specific goal ’ ( parsons 1956 ) .

From this kind of perspective bureaus may be distinguished from firms in a number of crucial respects .
from this kind of perspective bureaus may be [differentiated] from firms in a number of crucial respects .

He 'd stopped in front of the side door , a flimsy hardboard affair with a Yale lock , distinguished by a fist-sized hole to the side of the metal keyhole .
he 'd stopped in front of the side door , a flimsy hardboard affair with a yale lock , [differentiated] by a fist-sized hole to the side of the metal keyhole .

Four parts of the thesis are distinguished .
four parts of the thesis are [differentiated] .

It is unlikely that Gloucester could have flouted the council 's wishes without at least tacit royal approval , and it is this which distinguished the duke from his predecessor as chief steward .
it is unlikely that gloucester could have flouted the council 's wishes without at least tacit royal approval , and it is this which [differentiated] the duke from his predecessor as chief steward .

Stanley was thus distinguished from Gloucester 's other northern satellites , several of whom , including Northumberland , apparently co-operated in his coup .
stanley was thus [differentiated] from gloucester 's other northern satellites , several of whom , including northumberland , apparently co-operated in his coup .

On the basis of these findings , two subgroups were distinguished — a relapsing group , in which recurrence was noted during one or more of the follow up examinations , and a non-relapsing group , in which no recurrences were observed during the entire 24 month study period .
on the basis of these findings , two subgroups were [differentiated] — a relapsing group , in which recurrence was noted during one or more of the follow up examinations , and a non-relapsing group , in which no recurrences were observed during the entire 24 month study period .

Early in the fifteenth century , the problem of what constituted a nation arose as a practical issue at the Council of Constance , and , as might be expected in an assembly which contained many distinguished academics , the issue was debated in theoretical terms , although the original cause of the debate was essentially political .
early in the fifteenth century , the problem of what constituted a nation arose as a practical issue at the council of constance , and , as might be expected in an assembly which contained many [differentiated] academics , the issue was debated in theoretical terms , although the original cause of the debate was essentially political .

Not all writers , however , thought in national terms ; the distinguished canon lawyer William Lyndwood was not prepared to identify patria with regnum , and instead thought of it as equivalent to regio , which for him meant the province of Canterbury ( 27 , p.172a ) .
not all writers , however , thought in national terms ; the [differentiated] canon lawyer william lyndwood was not prepared to identify patria with regnum , and instead thought of it as equivalent to regio , which for him meant the province of canterbury ( 27 , p.172a ) .

Exposure and outcome must be distinguished : a graphic should display variation in outcome as a function of exposure , and not the other way around .
exposure and outcome must be [differentiated] : a graphic should display variation in outcome as a function of exposure , and not the other way around .

The failure to specify clearly the timing of important events has been a limiting factor in research , since it has not allowed predisposing factors to be distinguished from precipitating events .
the failure to specify clearly the timing of important events has been a limiting factor in research , since it has not allowed predisposing factors to be [differentiated] from precipitating events .

But after she had finished the first part of her lecture ; after slightly nodding her head to the generous applause ; after the lights had gone up again ; after Ashenden had said ( as every chairman since Creation had said ) how much everyone had enjoyed the talk and how grateful everyone was that not only had the distinguished speaker fascinated each and every one of them but also had agreed to answer any questions which he was absolutely sure everyone in the room was aching to put to such a distinguished expert in the field … it was only then that Dr Moule was able to survey the two intruders .
but after she had finished the first part of her lecture ; after slightly nodding her head to the generous applause ; after the lights had gone up again ; after ashenden had said ( as every chairman since creation had said ) how much everyone had enjoyed the talk and how grateful everyone was that not only had the [differentiated] speaker fascinated each and every one of them but also had agreed to answer any questions which he was absolutely sure everyone in the room was aching to put to such a [differentiated] expert in the field … it was only then that dr moule was able to survey the two intruders .

Camberwell did not have a major industry that distinguished it from other London districts , but it offered sufficient variety of employment to engage a majority of the workforce ; other breadwinners did not have to go far to reach central London .
camberwell did not have a major industry that [differentiated] it from other london districts , but it offered sufficient variety of employment to engage a majority of the workforce ; other breadwinners did not have to go far to reach central london .

On the other side of the Lincolnshire Wolds , 13 miles south of Louth , Horncastle was ‘ a thriving and well-built market town , distinguished for its extensive horse fairs ’ .
on the other side of the lincolnshire wolds , 13 miles south of louth , horncastle was ‘ a thriving and well-built market town , [differentiated] for its extensive horse fairs ’ .

Of the Arts and Crafts jewellers , Charles Robert Ashbee , James Cromar Watt , Henry Wilson and his associate John Paul Cooper were among the most distinguished .
of the arts and crafts jewellers , charles robert ashbee , james cromar watt , henry wilson and his associate john paul cooper were among the most [differentiated] .

Colloids are distinguished from suspensions by the size of the dispersed particles .
colloids are [differentiated] from suspensions by the size of the dispersed particles .

In their first underground leaflet , the Women 's Higher Council stated the following : ’ To our great masses of women , to the steadfast mothers , sisters , to our women heroines behind the iron bars of the zionist jails and in the revolutionary camps — to women workers , peasants , students — You had a central , important and distinguished role in the great Intifada — had part in its continuity , escalation and in sparking its flame ; this role has expressed itself in the wide participation of women in all fields of daily confrontation and resistance since the Uprisings first day .
in their first underground leaflet , the women 's higher council stated the following : ’ to our great masses of women , to the steadfast mothers , sisters , to our women heroines behind the iron bars of the zionist jails and in the revolutionary camps — to women workers , peasants , students — you had a central , important and [differentiated] role in the great intifada — had part in its continuity , escalation and in sparking its flame ; this role has expressed itself in the wide participation of women in all fields of daily confrontation and resistance since the uprisings first day .

The stamps were unveiled during a civic reception given at Glasgow City Chambers before Lord Provost , Susan Baird , and other distinguished guests .
the stamps were unveiled during a civic reception given at glasgow city chambers before lord provost , susan baird , and other [differentiated] guests .

Jeremy joined us as a Fellow of the Association with a long and distinguished career in the industryand took over at the helm of a dedicated and well-motivated teamat Trinity Road .
jeremy joined us as a fellow of the association with a long and [differentiated] career in the industryand took over at the helm of a dedicated and well-motivated teamat trinity road .

The subcommittee approved a Legco voting system under which legislation would require the approval of three separate groups of members , distinguished by their mode of selection to the council .
the subcommittee approved a legco voting system under which legislation would require the approval of three separate groups of members , [differentiated] by their mode of selection to the council .

The hand can be distinguished from the body , yet it belongs to it in such a way that it can not operate as a hand unless attached to the body — except in fantasy as in Ted Hughes ' story of The Iron Man .
the hand can be [differentiated] from the body , yet it belongs to it in such a way that it can not operate as a hand unless attached to the body — except in fantasy as in ted hughes ' story of the iron man .

Access to the inter-dealer brokers in gilts ( to be distinguished from the different IDBs that act in a similar capacity in the equity market ) is restricted to GEMMs .
access to the inter-dealer brokers in gilts ( to be [differentiated] from the different idbs that act in a similar capacity in the equity market ) is restricted to gemms .

It immediately distinguished Britain from the rest of Western Europe , especially as nuclear facilities were being created almost from the outset .
it immediately [differentiated] britain from the rest of western europe , especially as nuclear facilities were being created almost from the outset .

It was left to another distinguished scientist , Sir Henry Tizard , to suggest that the British — puffing themselves up like the frog in Aesop 's fable — might suffer the same fate .
it was left to another [differentiated] scientist , sir henry tizard , to suggest that the british — puffing themselves up like the frog in aesop 's fable — might suffer the same fate .

In January 1950 Averell Harriman , a man whose international experience distinguished him from many of the more parochial critics , protested that the British chancellor of the exchequer 's narrow economic vision was sabotaging Western European integration .
in january 1950 averell harriman , a man whose international experience [differentiated] him from many of the more parochial critics , protested that the british chancellor of the exchequer 's narrow economic vision was sabotaging western european integration .

Such tailor made option contracts should be distinguished from the traded options we consider here .
such tailor made option contracts should be [differentiated] from the traded options we consider here .

Although he had had a distinguished military record as a young man , he was sixty-two and had been engaged in predominantly civil duties for the previous twenty years .
although he had had a [differentiated] military record as a young man , he was sixty-two and had been engaged in predominantly civil duties for the previous twenty years .

Their activities can be distinguished between primary markets ( launching of new issues ) and secondary markets ( trading of existing issues ) .
their activities can be [differentiated] between primary markets ( launching of new issues ) and secondary markets ( trading of existing issues ) .

Some commentators see the affective piety of Margery Kempe as radically distinguished from that of the Cloud-author , and indeed in danger of missing the essential spirituality of God .
some commentators see the affective piety of margery kempe as radically [differentiated] from that of the cloud-author , and indeed in danger of missing the essential spirituality of god .

But perhaps the obvious disparity between individual talents and dispositions which clearly fit some for action more than others , the obvious tension involved between the pressures of active involvement in affairs and the inner detachment necessary for thought and contemplation , and the history of the development of Western institutional Christianity with its strong tradition of groups separated from the world in convents and monasteries , or priests distinguished from the laity by their religious calling , make it after all not so surprising that the discussions of active and contemplative life tended to stress their separation from each other rather than draw attention to a more fruitful affinity .
but perhaps the obvious disparity between individual talents and dispositions which clearly fit some for action more than others , the obvious tension involved between the pressures of active involvement in affairs and the inner detachment necessary for thought and contemplation , and the history of the development of western institutional christianity with its strong tradition of groups separated from the world in convents and monasteries , or priests [differentiated] from the laity by their religious calling , make it after all not so surprising that the discussions of active and contemplative life tended to stress their separation from each other rather than draw attention to a more fruitful affinity .

In some cases the corpus of story may imply a whole hierarchy of discriminations : `` we `` are distinguished from `` others `` , friends from foes , recognized neighbours from unrecognized strangers , gods from men , men from animals , `` real `` animals from monsters , and so on .
in some cases the corpus of story may imply a whole hierarchy of discriminations : `` we `` are [differentiated] from `` others `` , friends from foes , recognized neighbours from unrecognized strangers , gods from men , men from animals , `` real `` animals from monsters , and so on .

The parameters by which one such unit was distinguished from another varied according to the occasion but might include skin colour , stature , style of dress , morality , intelligence , language , religion , geographical locality and mode of subsistence , but there was always a clear presumption that the different kinds of criteria physical , cultural , linguistic , regional , institutional , economic — were all coincident .
the parameters by which one such unit was [differentiated] from another varied according to the occasion but might include skin colour , stature , style of dress , morality , intelligence , language , religion , geographical locality and mode of subsistence , but there was always a clear presumption that the different kinds of criteria physical , cultural , linguistic , regional , institutional , economic — were all coincident .

The fact that we are simultaneously both animal and human poses a real problem as to how the two categories should be distinguished .
the fact that we are simultaneously both animal and human poses a real problem as to how the two categories should be [differentiated] .

Once again the normal and the normative must be distinguished .
once again the normal and the normative must be [differentiated] .

In the language of social anthropology person 's sharply distinguished from individual .
in the language of social anthropology person 's sharply [differentiated] from individual .

As was the case with my more general argument about gift exchange , the two aspects of the transaction , the economic and the symbolic , need to be distinguished .
as was the case with my more general argument about gift exchange , the two aspects of the transaction , the economic and the symbolic , need to be [differentiated] .

In the Sri Lankan situation `` marriages `` were distinguished according to whether they were diga ( virilocal — wife goes to her husband 's house ) or binna ( uxorilocal — husband goes to his wife 's house ) .
in the sri lankan situation `` marriages `` were [differentiated] according to whether they were diga ( virilocal — wife goes to her husband 's house ) or binna ( uxorilocal — husband goes to his wife 's house ) .

In the first and the third of these phases , roles and statuses are carefully distinguished ; in the second they are confused , " we " and " they " are mixed up , behaviour which would be outrageous in ordinary life becomes normal and even obligatory .
in the first and the third of these phases , roles and statuses are carefully [differentiated] ; in the second they are confused , " we " and " they " are mixed up , behaviour which would be outrageous in ordinary life becomes normal and even obligatory .

Full allowance must be made also for the costs of the liquidation ( to be distinguished from the costs of realising the assets ) .
full allowance must be made also for the costs of the liquidation ( to be [differentiated] from the costs of realising the assets ) .

This is a forum in which new entrants to the profession can interact with senior academics , distinguished visitors from overseas , and international economists working in government , finance , and international institutions .
this is a forum in which new entrants to the profession can interact with senior academics , [differentiated] visitors from overseas , and international economists working in government , finance , and international institutions .

First , in some models , income is distinguished by source on the grounds that different sorts of incomes are received by different sorts of persons and they in turn would have different propensities to consume .
first , in some models , income is [differentiated] by source on the grounds that different sorts of incomes are received by different sorts of persons and they in turn would have different propensities to consume .

Secondly , in other applications , income is distinguished by its permanence ( or lack of permanence ) .
secondly , in other applications , income is [differentiated] by its permanence ( or lack of permanence ) .

Post Keynesian economics , a school of thought which finds its inspiration in Keynes , Kalecki , Joan Robinson and Sraffa , is distinguished by its insistence that history , social structure , and institutional practice be embodied in its theory and reflected in its policy recommendations .
post keynesian economics , a school of thought which finds its inspiration in keynes , kalecki , joan robinson and sraffa , is [differentiated] by its insistence that history , social structure , and institutional practice be embodied in its theory and reflected in its policy recommendations .

On the military front , there is an informative memoir by David Hume on the life of the distinguished Ballycarry born soldier , General Sir James Steele ( 1894–1975 ) , the man who signed the order for Britain 's forces to mobilise in 1939 .
on the military front , there is an informative memoir by david hume on the life of the [differentiated] ballycarry born soldier , general sir james steele ( 1894–1975 ) , the man who signed the order for britain 's forces to mobilise in 1939 .

Distinguished Gentleman , The
[differentiated] gentleman , the

One of several players to have come into the Armagh side of late to join the more experienced brigade , Mark is following in the footsteps of two of Killeavey 's most distinguished players , Gareth and Padraig O'Neill , both of whom have given great service to the county .
one of several players to have come into the armagh side of late to join the more experienced brigade , mark is following in the footsteps of two of killeavey 's most [differentiated] players , gareth and padraig o'neill , both of whom have given great service to the county .

This project rests on the distinction between an alliance and an entente , the former being distinguished by firm and usually detailed military commitments , the latter by weaker and less precise ones , as in the case of the relationship between the United States and Israel .
this project rests on the distinction between an alliance and an entente , the former being [differentiated] by firm and usually detailed military commitments , the latter by weaker and less precise ones , as in the case of the relationship between the united states and israel .

Individuals are appointed as Vice-Presidents to honour their distinguished service in furthering the aims of the Society .
individuals are appointed as vice-presidents to honour their [differentiated] service in furthering the aims of the society .

Not for many years has the complacency of the legal profession about the state of our legal system been so severely jolted as by the series of lectures delivered in the last fortnight by Sir Leslie Scarman , a distinguished Lord Justice of Appeal .
not for many years has the complacency of the legal profession about the state of our legal system been so severely jolted as by the series of lectures delivered in the last fortnight by sir leslie scarman , a [differentiated] lord justice of appeal .

Loughran , a distinguished amateur who landed a 1987 world junior championship silver medal , has won 21 of his 23 professional fights ( one draw and one defeat by disqualification ) , and successfully defended his Commonwealth crown against Michael Benjamin last month .
loughran , a [differentiated] amateur who landed a 1987 world junior championship silver medal , has won 21 of his 23 professional fights ( one draw and one defeat by disqualification ) , and successfully defended his commonwealth crown against michael benjamin last month .

This journal has a long and distinguished history , publishing mainly shorter papers on a wide spread of subjects .
this journal has a long and [differentiated] history , publishing mainly shorter papers on a wide spread of subjects .

The radial shields are covered but can be distinguished as two long swellings at the base of the arms , reaching to the centre of the disk .
the radial shields are covered but can be [differentiated] as two long swellings at the base of the arms , reaching to the centre of the disk .

However Ophioscolex can be distinguished from the Ophiotominae because it lacks the comma shaped arm spine articulation on the lateral arm plate , and by having the distal dorsal spines transformed into hooks .
however ophioscolex can be [differentiated] from the ophiotominae because it lacks the comma shaped arm spine articulation on the lateral arm plate , and by having the distal dorsal spines transformed into hooks .

Only the tips of the radial shields are visible but the extent of the plate beneath the disk can be distinguished .
only the tips of the radial shields are visible but the extent of the plate beneath the disk can be [differentiated] .

The tentacle scales may also be distinguished by their size or shape as well as position , as in the genera Ophiotrema , Ophioprium , Ophiophiura , Ophiosparte and Ophiodaces .
the tentacle scales may also be [differentiated] by their size or shape as well as position , as in the genera ophiotrema , ophioprium , ophiophiura , ophiosparte and ophiodaces .

In Ophiomedea and Ophiocymbium the second oral tentacle pore becomes increasingly superficial and the oral tentacle scales can easily be distinguished .
in ophiomedea and ophiocymbium the second oral tentacle pore becomes increasingly superficial and the oral tentacle scales can easily be [differentiated] .

Ophiomitrella , Ophioripa , `` Ophiophthalmus `` and Ophiomelina are distinguished on characters which elsewhere in the Ophiacanthidae would be used as specific characters .
ophiomitrella , ophioripa , `` ophiophthalmus `` and ophiomelina are [differentiated] on characters which elsewhere in the ophiacanthidae would be used as specific characters .

Koehler ( 1922 ) distinguished these two also by the character of the imbricating disk plates and round naked radial shields .
koehler ( 1922 ) [differentiated] these two also by the character of the imbricating disk plates and round naked radial shields .

The disk is high and appears round but the interradial areas are deeply indented , diameter up to 10 mm ; covered with large and conspicuous plates amongst which the centrodorsal plate can usually be distinguished .
the disk is high and appears round but the interradial areas are deeply indented , diameter up to 10 mm ; covered with large and conspicuous plates amongst which the centrodorsal plate can usually be [differentiated] .

The family Ophiolepidinae can be distinguished by : both oral tentacle pores arising within the mouth ; the plating of the disk is usually conspicuous with large plates ; and the shape of the dental plates which is twice as long as broad and rounded at both ends ( Murakami , 1963 ) .
the family ophiolepidinae can be [differentiated] by : both oral tentacle pores arising within the mouth ; the plating of the disk is usually conspicuous with large plates ; and the shape of the dental plates which is twice as long as broad and rounded at both ends ( murakami , 1963 ) .

Muhammad Shah al-Fenari ( Fenarizade Zeyneddin ) , an Ottoman scholar of a distinguished family , though not himself of great distinction , whose previous post had been the ( kasabat ) kadilik of Tire .
muhammad shah al-fenari ( fenarizade zeyneddin ) , an ottoman scholar of a [differentiated] family , though not himself of great distinction , whose previous post had been the ( kasabat ) kadilik of tire .

Candidates for their first post were generally distinguished , where necessary , as `` new ; but as the present discussion is concerned almost entirely with these `` new the term mulazim by itself is to be understood in that sense unless otherwise noted .
candidates for their first post were generally [differentiated] , where necessary , as `` new ; but as the present discussion is concerned almost entirely with these `` new the term mulazim by itself is to be understood in that sense unless otherwise noted .

Similarly the debate at the circumcision feast was an affair particularly religious in nature , and at it the Mufti took the chief seat , even over such a distinguished , but more `` temporal `` , colleague as the kadi of the newly conquered city of Istanbul , Hizir Bey .
similarly the debate at the circumcision feast was an affair particularly religious in nature , and at it the mufti took the chief seat , even over such a [differentiated] , but more `` temporal `` , colleague as the kadi of the newly conquered city of istanbul , hizir bey .

It only served to make her look more distinguished .
it only served to make her look more [differentiated] .

They presented the principal with a big badge marked `` Order of the Founder `` , one of the honours for distinguished service in Salvation Army circles .
they presented the principal with a big badge marked `` order of the founder `` , one of the honours for [differentiated] service in salvation army circles .

Dada , looking very small and distinguished , was waiting for them .
dada , looking very small and [differentiated] , was waiting for them .

Aunt Tossie and Andrew were sitting together , an empty bottle and one half empty , between them they looked inordinately distinguished in their black clothes .
aunt tossie and andrew were sitting together , an empty bottle and one half empty , between them they looked inordinately [differentiated] in their black clothes .

In many cases , they are distinguished from the prevalent structural range by their degree of architectural pretension .
in many cases , they are [differentiated] from the prevalent structural range by their degree of architectural pretension .

Semi-octagonal towers are known at Kenchester and Mildenhall towards the west ; while in the east , three varieties can be distinguished , including rectangular ( Great Casterton and Water Newton ) , fan-shaped ( Ancaster and Godmanchester ) and semi-circular ( Caistor and Horncastle ) .
semi-octagonal towers are known at kenchester and mildenhall towards the west ; while in the east , three varieties can be [differentiated] , including rectangular ( great casterton and water newton ) , fan-shaped ( ancaster and godmanchester ) and semi-circular ( caistor and horncastle ) .

Most previous commentators on the small towns have distinguished them from their larger counterparts on the basis of their usually haphazard and seemingly piecemeal development , though it has recently become clear that such a distinction , however useful , obscures recognizable variations among the surviving plans .
most previous commentators on the small towns have [differentiated] them from their larger counterparts on the basis of their usually haphazard and seemingly piecemeal development , though it has recently become clear that such a distinction , however useful , obscures recognizable variations among the surviving plans .

In deciding Helby v. Matthews their Lordships distinguished the case of Lee v. Butler ( 1893 ) .
in deciding helby v. matthews their lordships [differentiated] the case of lee v. butler ( 1893 ) .

On Wilcock 's suggestion the Voice had approached a distinguished critic with the New York Times Book Review , Gilbert Seldes .
on wilcock 's suggestion the voice had approached a [differentiated] critic with the new york times book review , gilbert seldes .

The legal profession in England and Wales has a long and distinguished history .
the legal profession in england and wales has a long and [differentiated] history .

If the throng was not distinguished by beauty or birth , scholarship or piety , it made up for it in sheer vigour .
if the throng was not [differentiated] by beauty or birth , scholarship or piety , it made up for it in sheer vigour .

In general the male skull may be distinguished from the female by the following characteristics :
in general the male skull may be [differentiated] from the female by the following characteristics :

It had been calculated that there were some six and a half thousand living American Oxonians , many of them leading distinguished careers as a result of their education .
it had been calculated that there were some six and a half thousand living american oxonians , many of them leading [differentiated] careers as a result of their education .

Professor Gregory is distinguished for his studies in experimental psychology , most notably in visual perception and the nature of visual illusions .
professor gregory is [differentiated] for his studies in experimental psychology , most notably in visual perception and the nature of visual illusions .

An infrastructure has been established for campaigning in the years to come : a Leader and some 30 distinguished Patrons have agreed to support the Campaign ; an initial portfolio of investment projects has been drawn up ; and the Alumni database , with an active list of some 25 % of the graduate body , is now operational .
an infrastructure has been established for campaigning in the years to come : a leader and some 30 [differentiated] patrons have agreed to support the campaign ; an initial portfolio of investment projects has been drawn up ; and the alumni database , with an active list of some 25 % of the graduate body , is now operational .

During his time at Bristol he held one of the University 's Organ Scholarships based at St Paul 's Church , Clifton , and distinguished himself by winning most of the important prizes offered by the Royal College of Organists .
during his time at bristol he held one of the university 's organ scholarships based at st paul 's church , clifton , and [differentiated] himself by winning most of the important prizes offered by the royal college of organists .

In the polydienes the difference between 1,2- and 1,4-addition can be distinguished on examination of the resonance peaks corresponding to terminal olefinic protons , found at , and non-terminal olefinic protons observed at .
in the polydienes the difference between 1,2- and 1,4-addition can be [differentiated] on examination of the resonance peaks corresponding to terminal olefinic protons , found at , and non-terminal olefinic protons observed at .

Distinguished cinematographer Geoffrey Unsworth was the lighting cameraman .
[differentiated] cinematographer geoffrey unsworth was the lighting cameraman .

As the musical of the film of the play of the book it has , to say the least , a distinguished pedigree .
as the musical of the film of the play of the book it has , to say the least , a [differentiated] pedigree .

In fact , Darwin initially distinguished only six of Gould 's eventual 13 separate forms as members of the finch family .
in fact , darwin initially [differentiated] only six of gould 's eventual 13 separate forms as members of the finch family .

Despite their common backgrounds , shared interests , and childhood ties , Gould 's pre-eminence had swiftly distinguished him beyond social association with his former colleague .
despite their common backgrounds , shared interests , and childhood ties , gould 's pre-eminence had swiftly [differentiated] him beyond social association with his former colleague .

Throughout his travels in the southern hemisphere Gould 's behaviour towards the Aborigines is distinguished by a fearless , compassionate , and unbiased recognition of their plight , and a profound respect for their way of life .
throughout his travels in the southern hemisphere gould 's behaviour towards the aborigines is [differentiated] by a fearless , compassionate , and unbiased recognition of their plight , and a profound respect for their way of life .

Park was perhaps the most influential early member of this group and it was he who , in tracing this transition , distinguished between what they called the ‘ biotic ’ and ‘ cultural ’ levels of human behaviour .
park was perhaps the most influential early member of this group and it was he who , in tracing this transition , [differentiated] between what they called the ‘ biotic ’ and ‘ cultural ’ levels of human behaviour .

So Wirth argues that a distinct kind of ‘ urban personality ’ emerges in the new city ; one distinguished by competition , aggrandisement , mutual exploitation and separation from nature .
so wirth argues that a distinct kind of ‘ urban personality ’ emerges in the new city ; one [differentiated] by competition , aggrandisement , mutual exploitation and separation from nature .

Two particular approaches will be distinguished here .
two particular approaches will be [differentiated] here .

Entities and attributes are further distinguished by their role in events ( discussed below ) .
entities and attributes are further [differentiated] by their role in events ( discussed below ) .

Each tuple in a relation is distinguished from another because one or more attributes in a relation are designated key attributes .
each tuple in a relation is [differentiated] from another because one or more attributes in a relation are designated key attributes .

Sometimes the sets of tasks in a system can be distinguished and those people involved in each task set make their own design decisions .
sometimes the sets of tasks in a system can be [differentiated] and those people involved in each task set make their own design decisions .

Butler had for long been heir-apparent , and had given devoted and distinguished service to the Conservatives .
butler had for long been heir-apparent , and had given devoted and [differentiated] service to the conservatives .

‘ What makes me curious is this . Do you know that there is a real Victor Frankenstein , son of a distinguished Syndic of Geneva ? ’
‘ what makes me curious is this . do you know that there is a real victor frankenstein , son of a [differentiated] syndic of geneva ? ’

The big problem with this latter group is to find some sort of unifying factor that will make sense or give a theme to a miscellany of oddments that are less than distinguished .
the big problem with this latter group is to find some sort of unifying factor that will make sense or give a theme to a miscellany of oddments that are less than [differentiated] .

By a meristem is meant the formative tissue of plants , distinguished from permanent tissue by the power of its cells to divide and form new cells .
by a meristem is meant the formative tissue of plants , [differentiated] from permanent tissue by the power of its cells to divide and form new cells .

In Chapter 16 we distinguished between government production of public goods such as defence and government production of private goods such as steel .
in chapter 16 we [differentiated] between government production of public goods such as defence and government production of private goods such as steel .

Gone was the waxed jacket and jeans , replaced by a dinner-jacket that made him look formal and distinguished — and even more dangerously attractive .
gone was the waxed jacket and jeans , replaced by a dinner-jacket that made him look formal and [differentiated] — and even more dangerously attractive .

The sky can only be distinguished from the land by the metallic glare behind its greyness .
the sky can only be [differentiated] from the land by the metallic glare behind its greyness .

He had read of a distinguished army career , of a decoration won on the field of battle for bravery , his invaliding out of the army , the fight against injury , and his selfless life as an East End doctor . And here was the man himself , scarred face , heavy limp , and impressive bearing , demanding to see Sally-Anne , but he gave away nothing of this , merely said , ‘ What is it , Baines ? ’ and then to the intruder , ‘ And who the devil are you , sir ? And what do you want of my daughter ? ’
he had read of a [differentiated] army career , of a decoration won on the field of battle for bravery , his invaliding out of the army , the fight against injury , and his selfless life as an east end doctor . and here was the man himself , scarred face , heavy limp , and impressive bearing , demanding to see sally-anne , but he gave away nothing of this , merely said , ‘ what is it , baines ? ’ and then to the intruder , ‘ and who the devil are you , sir ? and what do you want of my daughter ? ’

The latest albums by performers from either side of the Atlantic with long and distinguished track records for setting social comment to music .
the latest albums by performers from either side of the atlantic with long and [differentiated] track records for setting social comment to music .

There was another Fred , too — distinguished , in an informal kind of way .
there was another fred , too — [differentiated] , in an informal kind of way .

Gentleman is so distinguished that it may be some time since he has sat on a Standing Committee .
gentleman is so [differentiated] that it may be some time since he has sat on a standing committee .

Our February talk was given by a man who is both a member and a distinguished external speaker — Graham Vincent , a former chairman of the Talyllyn Railway .
our february talk was given by a man who is both a member and a [differentiated] external speaker — graham vincent , a former chairman of the talyllyn railway .

Gentleman may recall that the Labour party has distinguished itself over the past 40 years by being wrong about practically every foreign policy and defence issue that has come before it .
gentleman may recall that the labour party has [differentiated] itself over the past 40 years by being wrong about practically every foreign policy and defence issue that has come before it .

Friend played such a distinguished part do not come into force until next month , so directors of planning will not yet have had the benefit of the provisions .
friend played such a [differentiated] part do not come into force until next month , so directors of planning will not yet have had the benefit of the provisions .

Friend has drawn attention to the very distinguished record of that health authority .
friend has drawn attention to the very [differentiated] record of that health authority .

and learned Gentleman , who is an authority on this subject and a distinguished member of the Select Committee on Employment , must ask himself in all seriousness about the consequences for the supply of job opportunities of Labour 's policies on the minimum wage and increased social charges .
and learned gentleman , who is an authority on this subject and a [differentiated] member of the select committee on employment , must ask himself in all seriousness about the consequences for the supply of job opportunities of labour 's policies on the minimum wage and increased social charges .

Gentleman 's record in politics is not only distinguished , but it has been distinctive to say the least .
gentleman 's record in politics is not only [differentiated] , but it has been distinctive to say the least .

Friend is a distinguished member .
friend is a [differentiated] member .

The Bishop 's Castle Railway 's most distinguished locomotive ‘ Carlisle ’ was built by the famous firm , Kitsons of the Airedale Foundry , Leeds in 1867 .
the bishop 's castle railway 's most [differentiated] locomotive ‘ carlisle ’ was built by the famous firm , kitsons of the airedale foundry , leeds in 1867 .

This chapter seeks to explore some of the implications of drama as a popular form , distinguished in terms of its place and material existence from other literary writing within the English Renaissance .
this chapter seeks to explore some of the implications of drama as a popular form , [differentiated] in terms of its place and material existence from other literary writing within the english renaissance .

Three main sources of market failure are generally distinguished .
three main sources of market failure are generally [differentiated] .

Weasel poises and is distinguished
weasel poises and is [differentiated]

Any complex subjects which are not present in the scheme must be placed in a more general category where they can not be distinguished from other subjects .
any complex subjects which are not present in the scheme must be placed in a more general category where they can not be [differentiated] from other subjects .

It should be plain that the making of a classification scheme by this process involves analysis , as single concepts must be identified and distinguished one from another .
it should be plain that the making of a classification scheme by this process involves analysis , as single concepts must be identified and [differentiated] one from another .

They can , however , still be distinguished from organized political formations such as parties which are directly engaged in the struggle for power in the sense of seeking to retain or capture the government of some political unit , by the fact that social movements act in a more diffuse way and if they are successful establish only the preconditions for changes of policy or regime by bringing into question the legitimacy of the existing political system ( in part or in whole ) , creating a different climate of opinion , and proposing alternatives .
they can , however , still be [differentiated] from organized political formations such as parties which are directly engaged in the struggle for power in the sense of seeking to retain or capture the government of some political unit , by the fact that social movements act in a more diffuse way and if they are successful establish only the preconditions for changes of policy or regime by bringing into question the legitimacy of the existing political system ( in part or in whole ) , creating a different climate of opinion , and proposing alternatives .

This does not mean , however , that the scientific and ideological elements can not be distinguished ; and a further distinction may be made between those classifications which are more descriptive and those which have a larger theoretical content .
this does not mean , however , that the scientific and ideological elements can not be [differentiated] ; and a further distinction may be made between those classifications which are more descriptive and those which have a larger theoretical content .

One prominent tendency in recent Marxist thought , therefore , has been to replace the relatively simple and precise evolutionary scheme of Marx 's 1859 Preface by a more complex and indefinite picture of the history of society in which , beyond the primitive communal stage , two broad types of society are distinguished — pre-capitalist and capitalist each of which may develop very diverse forms of economy , politics and culture .
one prominent tendency in recent marxist thought , therefore , has been to replace the relatively simple and precise evolutionary scheme of marx 's 1859 preface by a more complex and indefinite picture of the history of society in which , beyond the primitive communal stage , two broad types of society are [differentiated] — pre-capitalist and capitalist each of which may develop very diverse forms of economy , politics and culture .

This view is close to , and was influenced by , Durkheim 's idea of the state as ‘ a special organ responsible for elaborating certain representations which are valid for the collectivity ’ and are ‘ distinguished from other collective representations by their higher degree of consciousness and reflection ’ .
this view is close to , and was influenced by , durkheim 's idea of the state as ‘ a special organ responsible for elaborating certain representations which are valid for the collectivity ’ and are ‘ [differentiated] from other collective representations by their higher degree of consciousness and reflection ’ .

Thus Pirenne ( 1914 ) , in his study of the development of capitalism , distinguished its various stages in terms of the principal directions of economic activity and the social groups which took the leading role at each stage ; and many historical studies of elites have similarly concentrated attention upon the rise and decline of particular economic groups .
thus pirenne ( 1914 ) , in his study of the development of capitalism , [differentiated] its various stages in terms of the principal directions of economic activity and the social groups which took the leading role at each stage ; and many historical studies of elites have similarly concentrated attention upon the rise and decline of particular economic groups .

The various theories of war have attempted to explain its incidence , scale and intensity in terms of such influences ; and in the case of modem war Marxist thinkers have distinguished between wars arising from imperialist rivalries , those resulting from conflicts between socialist and capitalist countries , and anti-colonial wars of liberation , while other social theorists have emphasized the strength of nationalism and the rivalry between nation states , pointing out that national interests may give rise to military confrontations and the use of armed force even among ‘ socialist ’ countries , as was the case in Hungary ( 1956 ) and Czechoslovakia ( 1968 ) , and briefly in the relations between the Soviet Union and China .
the various theories of war have attempted to explain its incidence , scale and intensity in terms of such influences ; and in the case of modem war marxist thinkers have [differentiated] between wars arising from imperialist rivalries , those resulting from conflicts between socialist and capitalist countries , and anti-colonial wars of liberation , while other social theorists have emphasized the strength of nationalism and the rivalry between nation states , pointing out that national interests may give rise to military confrontations and the use of armed force even among ‘ socialist ’ countries , as was the case in hungary ( 1956 ) and czechoslovakia ( 1968 ) , and briefly in the relations between the soviet union and china .

It is in this sense that Marx distinguished , initially in his ‘ Contribution to a Critique of Hegel 's Philosophy of Right ’ ( 1844 ) , between ‘ a partial , merely political revolution which leaves the pillars of the building standing ’ , and a social revolution ; thereby changing the whole concept of revolution , as Max Adler ( 1928 ) later argued , ‘ from the merely political idea of the transformation of the state , into the social concept of an economic change in the bases of society ’ .
it is in this sense that marx [differentiated] , initially in his ‘ contribution to a critique of hegel 's philosophy of right ’ ( 1844 ) , between ‘ a partial , merely political revolution which leaves the pillars of the building standing ’ , and a social revolution ; thereby changing the whole concept of revolution , as max adler ( 1928 ) later argued , ‘ from the merely political idea of the transformation of the state , into the social concept of an economic change in the bases of society ’ .

Within this general process of economic development and modernization three main periods can be distinguished .
within this general process of economic development and modernization three main periods can be [differentiated] .

He had had a distinguished war , being wounded once and decorated twice , and had spent the next five years recreating it in a series of patriotic British movies .
he had had a [differentiated] war , being wounded once and decorated twice , and had spent the next five years recreating it in a series of patriotic british movies .

With the exceptions of Teddy Taylor and John Biffen , of whom more in a moment , each one , because of the strength of his views , has had to eschew a ministerial career , although each would without doubt have made a distinguished holder of office .
with the exceptions of teddy taylor and john biffen , of whom more in a moment , each one , because of the strength of his views , has had to eschew a ministerial career , although each would without doubt have made a [differentiated] holder of office .

This can again serve both to confirm their assignment and to allow other modes in the same region to be distinguished .
this can again serve both to confirm their assignment and to allow other modes in the same region to be [differentiated] .

The use of a tunable laser may be helpful , as excitation profiles , which show the intensity of resonance-enhancement as a function of exciting frequency , may allow overlapping electronic bands to be distinguished from each other .
the use of a tunable laser may be helpful , as excitation profiles , which show the intensity of resonance-enhancement as a function of exciting frequency , may allow overlapping electronic bands to be [differentiated] from each other .

Every day at rehearsals , James would tell us the distinguished content of the previous night 's audience .
every day at rehearsals , james would tell us the [differentiated] content of the previous night 's audience .

Because our sample consists of a cohort of individuals , calendar time effects can not be distinguished from duration effects .
because our sample consists of a cohort of individuals , calendar time effects can not be [differentiated] from duration effects .

can be distinguished .
can be [differentiated] .

For similar reasons , small untwinned feldspar grains and quartz grains can not easily be distinguished .
for similar reasons , small untwinned feldspar grains and quartz grains can not easily be [differentiated] .

Dolomite is often distinguished from calcite by its failure to stain with solutions which react with calcite ( see below ) .
dolomite is often [differentiated] from calcite by its failure to stain with solutions which react with calcite ( see below ) .

Although it is convenient to stain sections by Dickson 's method before microprobe analysis so that the mineral phases can easily be distinguished , Sommer ( 1975 ) showed that microprobe determinations of iron in carbonates stained with potassium ferricyanide showed depletion by an order of magnitude compared with unstained crystals .
although it is convenient to stain sections by dickson 's method before microprobe analysis so that the mineral phases can easily be [differentiated] , sommer ( 1975 ) showed that microprobe determinations of iron in carbonates stained with potassium ferricyanide showed depletion by an order of magnitude compared with unstained crystals .

The two may be distinguished by measuring the strain directions in several quartz grains ; a random strain direction indicates strain prior to deposition , whereas a constant strain direction indicates stress was applied to the sediment .
the two may be [differentiated] by measuring the strain directions in several quartz grains ; a random strain direction indicates strain prior to deposition , whereas a constant strain direction indicates stress was applied to the sediment .

Such cements are , however , typically inclusion-free ( or , at least , inclusion-poor ) and thus , with care , may be distinguished from the parent grain .
such cements are , however , typically inclusion-free ( or , at least , inclusion-poor ) and thus , with care , may be [differentiated] from the parent grain .

Extrinsic luminescence centres may behave differently depending on their response to electron beam excitation , and the following types can be distinguished :
extrinsic luminescence centres may behave differently depending on their response to electron beam excitation , and the following types can be [differentiated] :

With regard to assets , the Act distinguished ‘ commercial ’ assets as total assets minus liquid and fixed assets .
with regard to assets , the act [differentiated] ‘ commercial ’ assets as total assets minus liquid and fixed assets .

It is usually a part-time appointment , often held by people distinguished in the world outside university , such as lawyers and business people .
it is usually a part-time appointment , often held by people [differentiated] in the world outside university , such as lawyers and business people .

Definitions of different levels of appointment are varied and sometimes imprecise , but two broad levels can be distinguished :
definitions of different levels of appointment are varied and sometimes imprecise , but two broad levels can be [differentiated] :

It is often claimed that the government of many European States in the generation or more before the French Revolution is distinguished from earlier practice by the existence of something called ‘ Enlightened Despotism ’ .
it is often claimed that the government of many european states in the generation or more before the french revolution is [differentiated] from earlier practice by the existence of something called ‘ enlightened despotism ’ .

The Muscovites were primarily linguists who were interested in extending the field of linguistics to cover poetic language , and their best known member is the distinguished linguistic theorist , Roman Jakobson .
the muscovites were primarily linguists who were interested in extending the field of linguistics to cover poetic language , and their best known member is the [differentiated] linguistic theorist , roman jakobson .

He had earlier distinguished ( 1964 ) between the categories ‘ poetry ’ and ‘ literature ’ on the one hand , and ‘ style ’ on the other .
he had earlier [differentiated] ( 1964 ) between the categories ‘ poetry ’ and ‘ literature ’ on the one hand , and ‘ style ’ on the other .

The British and American critics for whom the label is commonly used , however , can be distinguished by a common rejection of established modes of criticism and scholarship ( Empson and Leavis are sometimes included among them ) , and in the case of the Americans by the fact that they proposed alternative methods of criticism supported by well-developed literary theories .
the british and american critics for whom the label is commonly used , however , can be [differentiated] by a common rejection of established modes of criticism and scholarship ( empson and leavis are sometimes included among them ) , and in the case of the americans by the fact that they proposed alternative methods of criticism supported by well-developed literary theories .

For them the answer to the question of interpretation , and at the same time to the question of evaluation , is provided by the concept of structure ; good literature or poetry is distinguished from bad literature or non-literature by an objective structure of meaning , the balancing or reconciliation of opposing attitudes or terms .
for them the answer to the question of interpretation , and at the same time to the question of evaluation , is provided by the concept of structure ; good literature or poetry is [differentiated] from bad literature or non-literature by an objective structure of meaning , the balancing or reconciliation of opposing attitudes or terms .

In a series of articles published under the title Problems in General Linguistics , Benveniste demonstrates with particular reference to the temporal and pronominal systems of the French language that linguistic items can be distinguished according to whether they include a reference to the moment or position of the utterance of a statement ( énonciation ) .
in a series of articles published under the title problems in general linguistics , benveniste demonstrates with particular reference to the temporal and pronominal systems of the french language that linguistic items can be [differentiated] according to whether they include a reference to the moment or position of the utterance of a statement ( énonciation ) .

Outside the house , alongside the usual melee of Marutis , stood a line of imported Mercedes — the ultimate mark of arrival for a nouveau-riche Punjabi businessman — and a few white ministerial Ambassadors distinguished by their little red roof beacons .
outside the house , alongside the usual melee of marutis , stood a line of imported mercedes — the ultimate mark of arrival for a nouveau-riche punjabi businessman — and a few white ministerial ambassadors [differentiated] by their little red roof beacons .

Only the most distinguished visitors were admitted : ‘ The third gate opens into the Thousand Pillars , ’ noted Battuta .
only the most [differentiated] visitors were admitted : ‘ the third gate opens into the thousand pillars , ’ noted battuta .

After they have sung and danced , the sultan presents them to the amirs and the distinguished foreigners .
after they have sung and danced , the sultan presents them to the amirs and the [differentiated] foreigners .

The usage embodied in the first of these quotations is now well established in the literature , and the sentiments expressed in the second serve to remind us that the idea of the ultimately contingent nature of what is often taken to be ‘ natural ’ has a long and distinguished pedigree .
the usage embodied in the first of these quotations is now well established in the literature , and the sentiments expressed in the second serve to remind us that the idea of the ultimately contingent nature of what is often taken to be ‘ natural ’ has a long and [differentiated] pedigree .

Various types of settlements have been distinguished , from isolated farmsteads in their own fields on the east side of the moor , through enclosed ‘ hamlets ’ with paddocks and ‘ gardens ’ ( Fig .
various types of settlements have been [differentiated] , from isolated farmsteads in their own fields on the east side of the moor , through enclosed ‘ hamlets ’ with paddocks and ‘ gardens ’ ( fig .

James Bond , for example , has looked at the estates of both Abingdon and Evesham Abbeys , and clearly shown the variety of topographical features which can still be distinguished on their scattered estates .
james bond , for example , has looked at the estates of both abingdon and evesham abbeys , and clearly shown the variety of topographical features which can still be [differentiated] on their scattered estates .

Such research can usually identify particular features such as barns , dovecotes or manor houses and show the distribution of estates in outline ; but it will only be with very full documentation , or dogged persistence , that smaller pieces of land belonging to such estates can be distinguished .
such research can usually identify particular features such as barns , dovecotes or manor houses and show the distribution of estates in outline ; but it will only be with very full documentation , or dogged persistence , that smaller pieces of land belonging to such estates can be [differentiated] .

In this chapter we shall look at such topics as village planning and regulation , the origins of villages , polyfocal villages , and whether pre-village elements can be distinguished .
in this chapter we shall look at such topics as village planning and regulation , the origins of villages , polyfocal villages , and whether pre-village elements can be [differentiated] .

These hamlets were mostly called Winterbourne in 1086 , and distinguished by their separate owners-they were on the probable former royal estate of Winterbourne , possibly centred on Winterbourne Stoke ( Fig .
these hamlets were mostly called winterbourne in 1086 , and [differentiated] by their separate owners-they were on the probable former royal estate of winterbourne , possibly centred on winterbourne stoke ( fig .

One longhouse has survived almost intact and can be leased for holidays from the Landmark Trust ; another is disguised , although the former arrangements with cattle at one end and people at the other can still be distinguished ; the third has been rebuilt .
one longhouse has survived almost intact and can be leased for holidays from the landmark trust ; another is disguised , although the former arrangements with cattle at one end and people at the other can still be [differentiated] ; the third has been rebuilt .

There was often a warrener 's house with sheds where feed , nets , and other equipment would have been kept , and sometimes a boundary , rather like a park pale , can be distinguished around the warren area .
there was often a warrener 's house with sheds where feed , nets , and other equipment would have been kept , and sometimes a boundary , rather like a park pale , can be [differentiated] around the warren area .

Hilary Frome had made no decisions yet about his future , beyond the one crucial decision that it was going to be a distinguished one .
hilary frome had made no decisions yet about his future , beyond the one crucial decision that it was going to be a [differentiated] one .

While he welcomed this new-found enthusiasm for Broadstairs after the gloomy events of the past few days , this rowdy pink-faced band , hardly recognisable as the distinguished gathering of Literary Lionisers , was not to his taste .
while he welcomed this new-found enthusiasm for broadstairs after the gloomy events of the past few days , this rowdy pink-faced band , hardly recognisable as the [differentiated] gathering of literary lionisers , was not to his taste .

Women took this opportunity to broaden their horizons , and many of the women of the English Civil War distinguished themselves by great acts of heroism .
women took this opportunity to broaden their horizons , and many of the women of the english civil war [differentiated] themselves by great acts of heroism .

His contemporaries spoke of `` Charles 's kingdom ( regnum ) `` , and distinguished within it peoples and regna : Francia , Burgundy , Gothia ( or Septimania ) and Aquitaine .
his contemporaries spoke of `` charles 's kingdom ( regnum ) `` , and [differentiated] within it peoples and regna : francia , burgundy , gothia ( or septimania ) and aquitaine .

Perhaps Hincmar 's silence here was tactful , since Charles the Bald 's sons had not distinguished themselves in the traditional roles .
perhaps hincmar 's silence here was tactful , since charles the bald 's sons had not [differentiated] themselves in the traditional roles .

While in some ways the Civil War of 1936 – 39 was a parenthesis in the course of Spanish history , it undoubtedly marked a watershed ; `` before `` and `` after `` were clearly distinguished from each other , in people 's minds and in reality .
while in some ways the civil war of 1936 – 39 was a parenthesis in the course of spanish history , it undoubtedly marked a watershed ; `` before `` and `` after `` were clearly [differentiated] from each other , in people 's minds and in reality .

calculation and/or graphical exercises : the exercises for the various Learning Outcomes can be combined or carried out after each Learning Outcome ; within each exercise each performance criterion should be able to be clearly distinguished ;
calculation and/or graphical exercises : the exercises for the various learning outcomes can be combined or carried out after each learning outcome ; within each exercise each performance criterion should be able to be clearly [differentiated] ;

calculation and/or graphical exercises : the exercises for the various Learning Outcomes can be combined or carried out after each Learning Outcome ; within each exercise each performance criterion should be able to be clearly distinguished ;
calculation and/or graphical exercises : the exercises for the various learning outcomes can be combined or carried out after each learning outcome ; within each exercise each performance criterion should be able to be clearly [differentiated] ;

calculation and/or graphical exercises : the exercises for the various Learning Outcomes can be combined or carried out after each Learning Outcome ; within each exercise each performance criterion should be able to be clearly distinguished ;
calculation and/or graphical exercises : the exercises for the various learning outcomes can be combined or carried out after each learning outcome ; within each exercise each performance criterion should be able to be clearly [differentiated] ;

It is possible for example that time-gap experiences simply reflect events which were so banal that they could not be distinguished from other memories for similar previous driving .
it is possible for example that time-gap experiences simply reflect events which were so banal that they could not be [differentiated] from other memories for similar previous driving .

There are two things here which need to be distinguished : one is the structural , intensional , association between the adjective and the noun ( or , strictly speaking , between the property and the entity that they instantiate ) that form a phrase together and are jointly engaged in the business of identifying some entity ; the other is the referential link between the adjective and that to which it properly applies .
there are two things here which need to be [differentiated] : one is the structural , intensional , association between the adjective and the noun ( or , strictly speaking , between the property and the entity that they instantiate ) that form a phrase together and are jointly engaged in the business of identifying some entity ; the other is the referential link between the adjective and that to which it properly applies .

We should notice that , in this construction , as in the case of the predicate qualifier , there is no doubt but that the adjective is to be sharply distinguished from an adverb , as such , even though it qualifies a structure centred on a verb .
we should notice that , in this construction , as in the case of the predicate qualifier , there is no doubt but that the adjective is to be sharply [differentiated] from an adverb , as such , even though it qualifies a structure centred on a verb .

Both uses can in French be covered by the same word ancien , but they are distinguished in that the separative use requires prenominal position , while the standard use has the adjective after the noun , as in : ( 43 ) l'ancienne école de Charlie a fait banqueroute ( 44 ) cette école ancienne a hébergé les fils des tyrans depuis des siècles The same distinction is also marked overtly in Thai ; in this case it is realized not by a difference of syntactic position , but by a different choice of lexical item .
both uses can in french be covered by the same word ancien , but they are [differentiated] in that the separative use requires prenominal position , while the standard use has the adjective after the noun , as in : ( 43 ) l'ancienne école de charlie a fait banqueroute ( 44 ) cette école ancienne a hébergé les fils des tyrans depuis des siècles the same distinction is also marked overtly in thai ; in this case it is realized not by a difference of syntactic position , but by a different choice of lexical item .

This journal has a long and distinguished history , publishing mainly shorter papers on a wide spread of subjects .
this journal has a long and [differentiated] history , publishing mainly shorter papers on a wide spread of subjects .

The provisions of the bill distinguished destatization — meaning the transfer of state assets to joint stock companies — from privatization ( the sale of shares to private individuals ) .
the provisions of the bill [differentiated] destatization — meaning the transfer of state assets to joint stock companies — from privatization ( the sale of shares to private individuals ) .

Delegations from the Baltic republics of Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania , invited as " distinguished guests " of the French government , were expelled , reportedly at the insistence of the Soviet Union .
delegations from the baltic republics of estonia , latvia and lithuania , invited as " [differentiated] guests " of the french government , were expelled , reportedly at the insistence of the soviet union .

Kiejman , a distinguished lawyer , listed among his clients some of Morocco 's best-known political prisoners , including members of the family of the late Gen. Mohammed Oufkir who were mentioned in Perrault 's book .
kiejman , a [differentiated] lawyer , listed among his clients some of morocco 's best-known political prisoners , including members of the family of the late gen. mohammed oufkir who were mentioned in perrault 's book .

He also cited the fact that they had not profited personally from their conduct , that they had `` a record of long and distinguished service `` , and that all had already in terms of emotional anguish and damaged careers paid a price which was `` grossly disproportionate to any misdeeds or errors of judgement they might have committed `` .
he also cited the fact that they had not profited personally from their conduct , that they had `` a record of long and [differentiated] service `` , and that all had already in terms of emotional anguish and damaged careers paid a price which was `` grossly disproportionate to any misdeeds or errors of judgement they might have committed `` .

Kerrey , a distinguished Vietnam veteran who had lost part of a leg in combat , had castigated Clinton as unelectable because of his avoidance of service in Vietnam .
kerrey , a [differentiated] vietnam veteran who had lost part of a leg in combat , had castigated clinton as unelectable because of his avoidance of service in vietnam .

Widespread privatization of farmland , state-owned companies and housing was planned , trade restrictions and controls on retail and wholesale prices would be lifted , and a reformed Bank of Albania would have functions clearly distinguished from the commercial banks .
widespread privatization of farmland , state-owned companies and housing was planned , trade restrictions and controls on retail and wholesale prices would be lifted , and a reformed bank of albania would have functions clearly [differentiated] from the commercial banks .

In particular it distinguished two forms of such training and education : We stress the range of educational provision that is relevant to vocational training in the broadest sense and to the developing needs of young people .
in particular it [differentiated] two forms of such training and education : we stress the range of educational provision that is relevant to vocational training in the broadest sense and to the developing needs of young people .

The case is to be distinguished from Haughton v Smith on the ground that in that case the prosecution conceded , perhaps wrongly , that the goods had been reduced into the police 's possession .
the case is to be [differentiated] from haughton v smith on the ground that in that case the prosecution conceded , perhaps wrongly , that the goods had been reduced into the police 's possession .

The result is a range of different genres of literary criticism and literary theory , to some extent distinguished by register .
the result is a range of different genres of literary criticism and literary theory , to some extent [differentiated] by register .

The mechanical card operated locks have distinguished themselves over the years with proven durability and reliability as well as pure simplicity .
the mechanical card operated locks have [differentiated] themselves over the years with proven durability and reliability as well as pure simplicity .

Sebba and Wootton ( 1984 : 6 ) write : The Creole stretch is distinguished from the rest of the turn structurally as well as in terms of its code .
sebba and wootton ( 1984 : 6 ) write : the creole stretch is [differentiated] from the rest of the turn structurally as well as in terms of its code .

The House also distinguished McGhee , as in that case the plaintiff 's injury was caused by the brick dust .
the house also [differentiated] mcghee , as in that case the plaintiff 's injury was caused by the brick dust .

We have seen that in Wagon Mound they did not define the kind of damage necessary as property damage but distinguished between damage by fouling and fire damage .
we have seen that in wagon mound they did not define the kind of damage necessary as property damage but [differentiated] between damage by fouling and fire damage .

This decision has not proved popular and has frequently been distinguished .
this decision has not proved popular and has frequently been [differentiated] .

The court considered Pigney and distinguished it .
the court considered pigney and [differentiated] it .

The true fraction is higher , but no eighteenth-century listing distinguished between specialist and general farm labourers .
the true fraction is higher , but no eighteenth-century listing [differentiated] between specialist and general farm labourers .

It was distinguished by a belief in the inherent depravity of popular recreational forms .
it was [differentiated] by a belief in the inherent depravity of popular recreational forms .

There were also many incidents in which the crowd distinguished between dealers and farmers selling their own produce directly : `` At Nottingham fair the mob seized upon all the cheese the factors had purchased , and distributed the same among them , leaving the farmers ' cheese unmolested . ``
there were also many incidents in which the crowd [differentiated] between dealers and farmers selling their own produce directly : `` at nottingham fair the mob seized upon all the cheese the factors had purchased , and distributed the same among them , leaving the farmers ' cheese unmolested . ``

Firstly , alternative pronunciations of the same word are not distinguished in the lexicon from pronunciations of different words .
firstly , alternative pronunciations of the same word are not [differentiated] in the lexicon from pronunciations of different words .

This was distinguished from a card which merely had written or printed material on it , intended to convey information to the human eye or mind , and not meant to be ancillary to some machine by being specially shaped for that purpose .
this was [differentiated] from a card which merely had written or printed material on it , intended to convey information to the human eye or mind , and not meant to be ancillary to some machine by being specially shaped for that purpose .

Liquidated damages are to be distinguished from a penalty .
liquidated damages are to be [differentiated] from a penalty .

Human turpitude of a personal kind is clearly visible in the activities of the wife and the monk — a sad human ignorance , lack of mastery and even spiritual failure in the case of the merchant — a turpitude that is not rendered comic in any distinguished way by some unexpectedly creative sleight of hand in the Shipman 's Tale , nor artfully embodied in the sort of grotesque and rapid excesses that we have in Les quatre Souhais Saint Martin .
human turpitude of a personal kind is clearly visible in the activities of the wife and the monk — a sad human ignorance , lack of mastery and even spiritual failure in the case of the merchant — a turpitude that is not rendered comic in any [differentiated] way by some unexpectedly creative sleight of hand in the shipman 's tale , nor artfully embodied in the sort of grotesque and rapid excesses that we have in les quatre souhais saint martin .

Perhaps the whole case was breaking down , to the disappointment of the advocates , who , after all , could hardly be distinguished from the prosecution on both sides .
perhaps the whole case was breaking down , to the disappointment of the advocates , who , after all , could hardly be [differentiated] from the prosecution on both sides .

The light was fading to a point where the battlements of the Hovis tower could only just be distinguished from the pinkish-gray of the sky .
the light was fading to a point where the battlements of the hovis tower could only just be [differentiated] from the pinkish-gray of the sky .

Distinguished wine and distinguished presentation at a good price .
[differentiated] wine and [differentiated] presentation at a good price .

Its distinguished pupils over the years had included such famous names in German cultural life as Klopstock , Fichte , Ranke , and Friedrich Schlegel ; and not the least of its products was a series of remarkable classical scholars , beginning with Ernesti in the early eighteenth century and proceeding through Bottiger , Thiersch , Doederlein , Dissen , Meineke , Otto Jahn , Nauck , Breitenbach , Bonitz and Wachsmuth to the illustrious Wilamowitz , four years Nietzsche 's junior .
its [differentiated] pupils over the years had included such famous names in german cultural life as klopstock , fichte , ranke , and friedrich schlegel ; and not the least of its products was a series of remarkable classical scholars , beginning with ernesti in the early eighteenth century and proceeding through bottiger , thiersch , doederlein , dissen , meineke , otto jahn , nauck , breitenbach , bonitz and wachsmuth to the illustrious wilamowitz , four years nietzsche 's junior .

During his year at Bonn ( 1864–5 ) , he came under the influence of the distinguished music critic Eduard Hanslick who was , where Wagner 's experiments were concerned , largely a traditionalist and a sceptic .
during his year at bonn ( 1864–5 ) , he came under the influence of the [differentiated] music critic eduard hanslick who was , where wagner 's experiments were concerned , largely a traditionalist and a sceptic .

One of the most distinguished linguists of the modern period , Bloomfield was largely responsible for the establishment of linguistics as a scientific discipline .
one of the most [differentiated] linguists of the modern period , bloomfield was largely responsible for the establishment of linguistics as a scientific discipline .

By extension , the term clause may be applied to both ( or all ) members of the sentence , the leading member being distinguished as the main , head or principal clause from the other ( s ) as sub- , subordinate or dependant clause ( s ) .
by extension , the term clause may be applied to both ( or all ) members of the sentence , the leading member being [differentiated] as the main , head or principal clause from the other ( s ) as sub- , subordinate or dependant clause ( s ) .

Several varieties can be distinguished .
several varieties can be [differentiated] .

Words are used to inflect if they can be assigned to a number of grammatical classes , and the members of all these classes are distinguished from each other by their morphology ( internal shape ) and by their syntax ( the rules of their use ) .
words are used to inflect if they can be assigned to a number of grammatical classes , and the members of all these classes are [differentiated] from each other by their morphology ( internal shape ) and by their syntax ( the rules of their use ) .

On the 15th May 1583 , there moved to Halling its most distinguished resident , William Lambarde , who by this time was well known as the author of books on law , and of his Perambulation of Kent .
on the 15th may 1583 , there moved to halling its most [differentiated] resident , william lambarde , who by this time was well known as the author of books on law , and of his perambulation of kent .

But London 's river is also policed by a special force of River Police , expert rivermen , who have a distinguished place in the history of the Thames .
but london 's river is also policed by a special force of river police , expert rivermen , who have a [differentiated] place in the history of the thames .

Slow transit constipation can be distinguished from outlet obstruction by the ingestion of a capsule containing 20 shapes followed by an abdominal x ray film taken on the fifth day ; 80 % retention of the markers signifies slow colonic transit .
slow transit constipation can be [differentiated] from outlet obstruction by the ingestion of a capsule containing 20 shapes followed by an abdominal x ray film taken on the fifth day ; 80 % retention of the markers signifies slow colonic transit .

Immediate Past President , Fellows , Distinguished Guests , Members , Ladies and Gentlemen .
immediate past president , fellows , [differentiated] guests , members , ladies and gentlemen .

Three principal features distinguished the 17 malignant from the 53 benign strictures in this series : ( 1 ) appearance late in the course of ulcerative colitis ( 61 % probability of malignancy in strictures that develop after 20 years of disease v 0 % probability in those occurring before 10 years ) ; ( 2 ) location proximal to the splenic flexure ( 86 % probability of malignancy v 47 % in sigmoid , 10 % in rectum , and 0 % in splenic flexure and descending colon ) ; and ( 3 ) symptomatic large bowel obstruction ( 100 % probability of malignancy v only 14 % in the absence of obstruction or constipation ) .
three principal features [differentiated] the 17 malignant from the 53 benign strictures in this series : ( 1 ) appearance late in the course of ulcerative colitis ( 61 % probability of malignancy in strictures that develop after 20 years of disease v 0 % probability in those occurring before 10 years ) ; ( 2 ) location proximal to the splenic flexure ( 86 % probability of malignancy v 47 % in sigmoid , 10 % in rectum , and 0 % in splenic flexure and descending colon ) ; and ( 3 ) symptomatic large bowel obstruction ( 100 % probability of malignancy v only 14 % in the absence of obstruction or constipation ) .

Many cases are mild and can not be distinguished from viral gastroenteritis .
many cases are mild and can not be [differentiated] from viral gastroenteritis .

The absence of contractions throughout the entire study distinguished subjects with myopathy from the non-constipated group and from the patients with neuropathy .
the absence of contractions throughout the entire study [differentiated] subjects with myopathy from the non-constipated group and from the patients with neuropathy .

He was protesting at the injustice of the world ; the word ‘ referendum ’ could be distinguished from a flood of complaint .
he was protesting at the injustice of the world ; the word ‘ referendum ’ could be [differentiated] from a flood of complaint .

When Melissa arrived at the Mayflower American restaurant , Barney was waiting near the entrance — a tall , distinguished figure in a well-fitting fawn suit with a paisley cravat tucked into the neck of his light red cotton shirt .
when melissa arrived at the mayflower american restaurant , barney was waiting near the entrance — a tall , [differentiated] figure in a well-fitting fawn suit with a paisley cravat tucked into the neck of his light red cotton shirt .

Bonds can also be distinguished by the currency of denomination .
bonds can also be [differentiated] by the currency of denomination .

Privately , a number of distinguished members have decided that measures are needed because of a growing perception , nationally and internationally , that the integrity of official statistics was being eroded .
privately , a number of [differentiated] members have decided that measures are needed because of a growing perception , nationally and internationally , that the integrity of official statistics was being eroded .

After a distinguished student career at Emmanuel College , Cambridge , he went on to study at the University of Paris under Suzanne Bastid .
after a [differentiated] student career at emmanuel college , cambridge , he went on to study at the university of paris under suzanne bastid .

The peaks surrounding glacier-dominated Saas Fee may be less distinguished , but the ice-falls of the Feegletscher hanging over the village are in their way just as striking .
the peaks surrounding glacier-dominated saas fee may be less [differentiated] , but the ice-falls of the feegletscher hanging over the village are in their way just as striking .

Equally , to get work during the war you had to settle for less distinguished outfits , like the Turin Radio Symphony Orchestra .
equally , to get work during the war you had to settle for less [differentiated] outfits , like the turin radio symphony orchestra .

He delivered a strong attack on Paisley and sent his Minister for Home Affairs to the General Assembly to apologize for the demonstration and to promise that ‘ the Government will take all possible steps to put a recurrence of such indignities to the Head of this great church and his distinguished guests ’ .
he delivered a strong attack on paisley and sent his minister for home affairs to the general assembly to apologize for the demonstration and to promise that ‘ the government will take all possible steps to put a recurrence of such indignities to the head of this great church and his [differentiated] guests ’ .

Paisley 's whole career has been distinguished by a finely developed sense of symbolism and an event like the imprisonment was not to be wasted .
paisley 's whole career has been [differentiated] by a finely developed sense of symbolism and an event like the imprisonment was not to be wasted .

She was delighted at having the chance to work with one of the rock world 's most distinguished performers who had already branched out into the movie business .
she was delighted at having the chance to work with one of the rock world 's most [differentiated] performers who had already branched out into the movie business .

13 The lost Arch of Nero at Rome , depicted on coins minted at dome ( top ) and Lyon ( left ) ( the coins from Lyon can be distinguished by the small globe at the point of the emperor 's neck ) .
13 the lost arch of nero at rome , depicted on coins minted at dome ( top ) and lyon ( left ) ( the coins from lyon can be [differentiated] by the small globe at the point of the emperor 's neck ) .

Many of the most apparently distinguished honours are a reward for little more than longevity or political servitude .
many of the most apparently [differentiated] honours are a reward for little more than longevity or political servitude .

Deciding to become involved in politics , he first sought out Lord Plowden , one of the grandest figures of the Great and Good , who had spent the thirty years since the war as one of Whitehall 's most distinguished gofers .
deciding to become involved in politics , he first sought out lord plowden , one of the grandest figures of the great and good , who had spent the thirty years since the war as one of whitehall 's most [differentiated] gofers .

In a career which lasted over sixty years Lord Benson , Britain 's most distinguished accountant , served on over twenty different governmental or quasi-governmental committees or inquiries .
in a career which lasted over sixty years lord benson , britain 's most [differentiated] accountant , served on over twenty different governmental or quasi-governmental committees or inquiries .

Members of the Great and Good appointed to these bodies not only had similar backgrounds and education , but acceptance of the job , with its admission to a distinguished club , involved adopting if not identical views , at least a similar perspective . Lord Shawcross thought that
members of the great and good appointed to these bodies not only had similar backgrounds and education , but acceptance of the job , with its admission to a [differentiated] club , involved adopting if not identical views , at least a similar perspective . lord shawcross thought that

Since the war , the three most distinguished figures in this band of auxiliaries — the greatest of the Great and Good — in the opinion of the percipient Whitehall commentator , Peter Hennessy , were Lords Waverley , Radcliffe and Franks .
since the war , the three most [differentiated] figures in this band of auxiliaries — the greatest of the great and good — in the opinion of the percipient whitehall commentator , peter hennessy , were lords waverley , radcliffe and franks .

The Lord Chancellor 's civil servants can , they say , only recruit judges from among advocates who have already distinguished themselves by their performance in court .
the lord chancellor 's civil servants can , they say , only recruit judges from among advocates who have already [differentiated] themselves by their performance in court .

The distinguished nuclear physicist Lord Flowers , a veteran of a dozen such committees , told me :
the [differentiated] nuclear physicist lord flowers , a veteran of a dozen such committees , told me :

But one of the pities is that the distinguished old buffers steeped in scholarship who are a little unworldly are being eased out of things .
but one of the pities is that the [differentiated] old buffers steeped in scholarship who are a little unworldly are being eased out of things .

Lord Dainton , one of Britain 's most distinguished scientists , observed the process at first-hand :
lord dainton , one of britain 's most [differentiated] scientists , observed the process at first-hand :

So , a wife carefully distinguished her property from her husband 's , for the marriage could end , requiring a division of goods ; or her husband could marry a second wife , or a third , and wives ' property had to be kept distinct .
so , a wife carefully [differentiated] her property from her husband 's , for the marriage could end , requiring a division of goods ; or her husband could marry a second wife , or a third , and wives ' property had to be kept distinct .

This again indicated whose who lived unconditionally on their own resources and distinguished them from men beholden to someone for their livelihood .
this again indicated whose who lived unconditionally on their own resources and [differentiated] them from men beholden to someone for their livelihood .

The filming was to take place at the National Theatre under the eye of the distinguished director Mr Hugh Hudson .
the filming was to take place at the national theatre under the eye of the [differentiated] director mr hugh hudson .

Memorable especially are the Victorian rectitude of her mother 's grandfather , a public-spirited and popular governor of Hainaut and the introverted idealism of his nephew , Octave Pirmez , still regarded as the most distinguished Belgian essayist of his time ; and Remo , whose anguished pursuit of justice and truth through Germany and Greece ended with his sublime and absurd suicide listening to Tannhauser on his musical box .
memorable especially are the victorian rectitude of her mother 's grandfather , a public-spirited and popular governor of hainaut and the introverted idealism of his nephew , octave pirmez , still regarded as the most [differentiated] belgian essayist of his time ; and remo , whose anguished pursuit of justice and truth through germany and greece ended with his sublime and absurd suicide listening to tannhauser on his musical box .

Peter Mansfield , a distinguished British commentator on the Middle East , sketches its history from the Sumerians to Napoleon 's invasion of Egypt in 1798 and takes a more detailed look at events thereafter , right up to the Gulf War .
peter mansfield , a [differentiated] british commentator on the middle east , sketches its history from the sumerians to napoleon 's invasion of egypt in 1798 and takes a more detailed look at events thereafter , right up to the gulf war .

On this occasion Mr David Butler will have an even finer collection of predictions to record in his book about the election than he did in 1970 , when almost every distinguished political correspondent of the time echoed Peter Jenkins of the Guardian in asking ‘ Why is Labour winning with such apparent ease ?
on this occasion mr david butler will have an even finer collection of predictions to record in his book about the election than he did in 1970 , when almost every [differentiated] political correspondent of the time echoed peter jenkins of the guardian in asking ‘ why is labour winning with such apparent ease ?

The question presented itself at yesterday 's Foyle 's lunch in Mayfair , when the distinguished scientist Sir Rudolf Peierls took an early siesta during an interesting speech by Lord Zuckerman , whose new book we were celebrating , and who at that very moment looked down the top table and described Peierls , rightly , as ‘ one of the most brilliant theoretical physicists ever ’ .
the question presented itself at yesterday 's foyle 's lunch in mayfair , when the [differentiated] scientist sir rudolf peierls took an early siesta during an interesting speech by lord zuckerman , whose new book we were celebrating , and who at that very moment looked down the top table and described peierls , rightly , as ‘ one of the most brilliant theoretical physicists ever ’ .

So far we have thought of ownership and possession as sharply distinguished — the one a matter of right , the other of fact .
so far we have thought of ownership and possession as sharply [differentiated] — the one a matter of right , the other of fact .

Hence his interest is personal property , and is classed as a chattel , though , by reason of its close relation to real property , it is distinguished as a chattel real .
hence his interest is personal property , and is classed as a chattel , though , by reason of its close relation to real property , it is [differentiated] as a chattel real .

It is distinguished by its flavour , the cheese being smoked before it is left to mature .
it is [differentiated] by its flavour , the cheese being smoked before it is left to mature .

After all , did not a distinguished predecessor of mine write an important book in the 1950s entitled Fundamentalism and the Word of God ?
after all , did not a [differentiated] predecessor of mine write an important book in the 1950s entitled fundamentalism and the word of god ?

Before we can know the cause of , say , rationality , by which men are distinguished from other things , we need to know the causes of those parts which all material things have in common , for example occupation of space , solidity , shape , and movement .
before we can know the cause of , say , rationality , by which men are [differentiated] from other things , we need to know the causes of those parts which all material things have in common , for example occupation of space , solidity , shape , and movement .

As the English word ‘ science ’ might lead us to expect , scientia falls into various bodies of knowledge , or sciences , distinguished by their different subject-matters .
as the english word ‘ science ’ might lead us to expect , scientia falls into various bodies of knowledge , or sciences , [differentiated] by their different subject-matters .

Though they more usually refer to a later distinction of Hume 's , between ‘ relations of ideas ’ and ‘ matters of fact ’ , recent philosophers have commonly distinguished cases where we proceed , in Locke 's words , by ‘ the contemplation of our own abstract ideas ’ from those where , because there is no ‘ discoverable connection ’ between our ideas , we have to fall back on observation and experiment .
though they more usually refer to a later distinction of hume 's , between ‘ relations of ideas ’ and ‘ matters of fact ’ , recent philosophers have commonly [differentiated] cases where we proceed , in locke 's words , by ‘ the contemplation of our own abstract ideas ’ from those where , because there is no ‘ discoverable connection ’ between our ideas , we have to fall back on observation and experiment .

Descartes distinguished two sorts of substance , souls ( or minds or spirits ) , and matter ( or body ) .
descartes [differentiated] two sorts of substance , souls ( or minds or spirits ) , and matter ( or body ) .

One person who clearly distinguished mental ideas and material things in this way was the French Cartesian , Nicolas Malebranche .
one person who clearly [differentiated] mental ideas and material things in this way was the french cartesian , nicolas malebranche .

It is rare to find such a fine and architecturally distinguished house , built in the reign of William and Mary , in a remote corner of the North Riding .
it is rare to find such a fine and architecturally [differentiated] house , built in the reign of william and mary , in a remote corner of the north riding .

Alderly has had owners far more distinguished than its Georgian creator .
alderly has had owners far more [differentiated] than its georgian creator .

His father , Philip Henry Thomas , had distinguished himself in a Civil Service Examination ( Executive Branch ) and had been posted to a staff clerkship for light railways and tramways at the Board of Trade .
his father , philip henry thomas , had [differentiated] himself in a civil service examination ( executive branch ) and had been posted to a staff clerkship for light railways and tramways at the board of trade .

’ Stevenson , a quick-moving , stocky northerner with a distinguished record in every possible branch of the Met , was rumoured to be going up to Assistant Commissioner just as soon as the present incumbent retired .
’ stevenson , a quick-moving , stocky northerner with a [differentiated] record in every possible branch of the met , was rumoured to be going up to assistant commissioner just as soon as the present incumbent retired .

Never mind that : at ten o'clock tomorrow we have Professor Thornton , distinguished economist , Oxford don and friend of the Prime Minister , here for five weeks to do a study on how effective regional assistance is , and we have no one to meet him .
never mind that : at ten o'clock tomorrow we have professor thornton , [differentiated] economist , oxford don and friend of the prime minister , here for five weeks to do a study on how effective regional assistance is , and we have no one to meet him .

Lots and lots of long , distinguished , incomprehensible books on econometrics .
lots and lots of long , [differentiated] , incomprehensible books on econometrics .

But the most damaging criticism of the privatization process came some years later , and not from a Labour politician but from one of the most distinguished Conservative leaders since the war , Harold Macmillan .
but the most damaging criticism of the privatization process came some years later , and not from a labour politician but from one of the most [differentiated] conservative leaders since the war , harold macmillan .

Big companies are out of fashion . But one distinguished academic argues they will continue to dominate world markets for decades to come
big companies are out of fashion . but one [differentiated] academic argues they will continue to dominate world markets for decades to come

The film , which stars Jeremy Irons and Fanny Ardant , is distinguished by an elliptically refined narrative structure and by the expressive cinematography of Yorgos Arvanitis , but above all by a real capacity to dramatise intimate emotions .
the film , which stars jeremy irons and fanny ardant , is [differentiated] by an elliptically refined narrative structure and by the expressive cinematography of yorgos arvanitis , but above all by a real capacity to dramatise intimate emotions .

The third version of the St Cecilia Ode of 1683 comes on Hyperion from the King 's Consort under Robert King using instead of a choir an octet of distinguished soloists ( including James Bowman , Michael Chance and John Mark Ainsley ) .
the third version of the st cecilia ode of 1683 comes on hyperion from the king 's consort under robert king using instead of a choir an octet of [differentiated] soloists ( including james bowman , michael chance and john mark ainsley ) .

The film , set on the beaches , in the bars and discos and in the shabby tourist rooms of downtown Acapulco , is distinguished by a central performance from Jackie Burroughs ( also one of the directors ) that is an astonishing tour de force of which it is impossible to speak too highly .
the film , set on the beaches , in the bars and discos and in the shabby tourist rooms of downtown acapulco , is [differentiated] by a central performance from jackie burroughs ( also one of the directors ) that is an astonishing tour de force of which it is impossible to speak too highly .

Mr Boris Asoyan , a distinguished Africanist and a key figure in formulating Soviet policy on South Africa , believes the reforms are not simply cosmetic .
mr boris asoyan , a [differentiated] africanist and a key figure in formulating soviet policy on south africa , believes the reforms are not simply cosmetic .

‘ The cabinet expresses its deep regret for the assassination of one of north Lebanon 's most distinguished leaders .
‘ the cabinet expresses its deep regret for the assassination of one of north lebanon 's most [differentiated] leaders .

‘ The cabinet expresses its deep regret for the assassination of one of north Lebanon 's most distinguished leaders .
‘ the cabinet expresses its deep regret for the assassination of one of north lebanon 's most [differentiated] leaders .

There were three professional Egyptologists aboard — a distinguished Australian woman professor ; our lecturer ; and the Egyptian girl who guided us ashore .
there were three professional egyptologists aboard — a [differentiated] australian woman professor ; our lecturer ; and the egyptian girl who guided us ashore .

He has founded Euro Auction , and with a distinguished flotilla of French specialists ( Eric Turquin and Bruno de Bayser to name but two ) holds his first auction in Brussels on June 15 .
he has founded euro auction , and with a [differentiated] flotilla of french specialists ( eric turquin and bruno de bayser to name but two ) holds his first auction in brussels on june 15 .

Two major divisions of sponges are distinguished on the composition of the spicules : the glass sponges have a skeleton composed of silica , one of the few examples in nature where this material is used as a basis for a skeleton , while the calcareous sponges use calcium carbonate for their spicules .
two major divisions of sponges are [differentiated] on the composition of the spicules : the glass sponges have a skeleton composed of silica , one of the few examples in nature where this material is used as a basis for a skeleton , while the calcareous sponges use calcium carbonate for their spicules .

It is distinguished by its tall spire , elongate aperture , prominent spines , but without the spiral ridges seen on many species .
it is [differentiated] by its tall spire , elongate aperture , prominent spines , but without the spiral ridges seen on many species .

There are a number of similar species from early Cambrian rocks distinguished on the size of the eyes and details of the thorax .
there are a number of similar species from early cambrian rocks [differentiated] on the size of the eyes and details of the thorax .

The many different kinds are distinguished by the nature of the segmentation , particularly in the head region , the structure of the thorax and pygidium , the size , position and structure of the eyes , the development of the moulting sutures , and the surface patterns on the exterior of the exoskeleton .
the many different kinds are [differentiated] by the nature of the segmentation , particularly in the head region , the structure of the thorax and pygidium , the size , position and structure of the eyes , the development of the moulting sutures , and the surface patterns on the exterior of the exoskeleton .

There are a few similar species , known rarely from rocks of Cretaceous and Tertiary age , distinguished on the branching patterns of the fronds .
there are a few similar species , known rarely from rocks of cretaceous and tertiary age , [differentiated] on the branching patterns of the fronds .

There are a number of species of Nilssonia from the Jurassic distinguished on the form of the leaflets .
there are a number of species of nilssonia from the jurassic [differentiated] on the form of the leaflets .

Abbé Sieyès has whole nests of pigeon-holes full of constitutions ready made , ticketed , sorted , and numbered ; suited to every season and every fancy ; some with the top of the pattern at the bottom , and some with the bottom at the top ; some plain , some flowered , some distinguished for their simplicity , others for their complexity ; some with councils of elders , and councils of youngsters ; some without any council at all .
abbé sieyès has whole nests of pigeon-holes full of constitutions ready made , ticketed , sorted , and numbered ; suited to every season and every fancy ; some with the top of the pattern at the bottom , and some with the bottom at the top ; some plain , some flowered , some [differentiated] for their simplicity , others for their complexity ; some with councils of elders , and councils of youngsters ; some without any council at all .

The working party on electoral systems which we established in opposition under the distinguished chairmanship of Professor Raymond Plant will continue its work with an extended membership and enhanced authority and report to the next Labour government .
the working party on electoral systems which we established in opposition under the [differentiated] chairmanship of professor raymond plant will continue its work with an extended membership and enhanced authority and report to the next labour government .

The joint between the end of the dock and the standing work of the bay end is preferably a direct butt joint between suitable packed or faced surfaces at the leading following and bottom sides of the dock which close simultaneously by a direct butting , as distinguished from a sliding , motion against corresponding surfaces on the standing work .
the joint between the end of the dock and the standing work of the bay end is preferably a direct butt joint between suitable packed or faced surfaces at the leading following and bottom sides of the dock which close simultaneously by a direct butting , as [differentiated] from a sliding , motion against corresponding surfaces on the standing work .

Social selection , of which three types are distinguished , is a major process responsible for the evolution of behaviour .
social selection , of which three types are [differentiated] , is a major process responsible for the evolution of behaviour .

The metaphysician , ‘ misled by a superficial grammatical feature of his language ’ , thereby supposes , Ayer argues , that the thing itself is a simple entity , which can be distinguished from its attributes .
the metaphysician , ‘ misled by a superficial grammatical feature of his language ’ , thereby supposes , ayer argues , that the thing itself is a simple entity , which can be [differentiated] from its attributes .

Allan Schiller is one of this country 's most distinguished pianists .
allan schiller is one of this country 's most [differentiated] pianists .

Amongst the jumble of words , he distinguished his own name and the word ‘ home ’ .
amongst the jumble of words , he [differentiated] his own name and the word ‘ home ’ .

Who else in that distinguished gathering of philosophers , psychologists , veterinary professors and ethologists would desert their dignity so far as to imitate an animal ?
who else in that [differentiated] gathering of philosophers , psychologists , veterinary professors and ethologists would desert their dignity so far as to imitate an animal ?

Painted dressers are distinguished with age and use , Oriental rugs have pleasing glimpses of threadbare patches .
painted dressers are [differentiated] with age and use , oriental rugs have pleasing glimpses of threadbare patches .

‘ It makes you look quite distinguished . ’
‘ it makes you look quite [differentiated] . ’

He was driven into something ‘ like Berkleyanism ’ ; and he took to feeling that there was no harm in positing the existence of some form of Absolute Spirit , so long as this was firmly distinguished from the God ‘ of popular religion ’ .
he was driven into something ‘ like berkleyanism ’ ; and he took to feeling that there was no harm in positing the existence of some form of absolute spirit , so long as this was firmly [differentiated] from the god ‘ of popular religion ’ .

This simply was not so , and the fact that Lewis spent evenings in the company of male friends was not what distinguished him .
this simply was not so , and the fact that lewis spent evenings in the company of male friends was not what [differentiated] him .

By his campaign for Fox , Lewis probably destroyed his own chances of promotion in the University , even though he was very obviously the most distinguished member of the English Faculty .
by his campaign for fox , lewis probably destroyed his own chances of promotion in the university , even though he was very obviously the most [differentiated] member of the english faculty .

Though Fox was never to give a distinguished lecture , his friends were triumphant .
though fox was never to give a [differentiated] lecture , his friends were triumphant .

It took a team of distinguished judges several hours to emerge with the final shortlist of 60 semi-finalists .
it took a team of [differentiated] judges several hours to emerge with the final shortlist of 60 semi-finalists .

This conviction brought forth the rebuke from Michael Powell that Balcon was ‘ suburban ’ , but it was the sense of purpose Balcon gave to his employees that distinguished Gaumont-British from other local studios .
this conviction brought forth the rebuke from michael powell that balcon was ‘ suburban ’ , but it was the sense of purpose balcon gave to his employees that [differentiated] gaumont-british from other local studios .

Before the show , the uniforms were approved by 93 per cent of serving soldiers , but it needed a practised eye to seek out details that distinguished the new gear from smart civilian clothes .
before the show , the uniforms were approved by 93 per cent of serving soldiers , but it needed a practised eye to seek out details that [differentiated] the new gear from smart civilian clothes .

At the time of going to press the arrangements for the consecration of these first black bishops of modern times are not yet complete , but it is rumoured that the Holy Father has expressed the wish to elevate all three distinguished sons of Africa to the plenitude of the priesthood with his own hands .
at the time of going to press the arrangements for the consecration of these first black bishops of modern times are not yet complete , but it is rumoured that the holy father has expressed the wish to elevate all three [differentiated] sons of africa to the plenitude of the priesthood with his own hands .

as if humanity distinguished between the blood of a Jew , or a Pole , or an African , or an Indian — or a German .
as if humanity [differentiated] between the blood of a jew , or a pole , or an african , or an indian — or a german .

Chaired by the distinguished philosopher Jonathan Glover , a small committee of experts recognised that the issue is a classic test of our deepest moral views .
chaired by the [differentiated] philosopher jonathan glover , a small committee of experts recognised that the issue is a classic test of our deepest moral views .

He emphasised that people distinguished between the ex-government and the King .
he emphasised that people [differentiated] between the ex-government and the king .

The last type of critic to be distinguished in the present chapter will be the theoretician .
the last type of critic to be [differentiated] in the present chapter will be the theoretician .

In other words , stylistic change is at a premium ; in Gombrich 's book the dramatic innovations of Caravaggio do well , but a distinguished painter , say Bonnard , who is not so bold or challenging an artist was omitted until additions were made to the text in 1971 .
in other words , stylistic change is at a premium ; in gombrich 's book the dramatic innovations of caravaggio do well , but a [differentiated] painter , say bonnard , who is not so bold or challenging an artist was omitted until additions were made to the text in 1971 .

The history of forms in art has had some distinguished advocates , some of whom have been concerned with the transformation over time of one form to another ; others have been more attracted to problems of values , arguing either that styles in art change and decay , or that in a particular period there is an artistic will to produce work in a style of its own .
the history of forms in art has had some [differentiated] advocates , some of whom have been concerned with the transformation over time of one form to another ; others have been more attracted to problems of values , arguing either that styles in art change and decay , or that in a particular period there is an artistic will to produce work in a style of its own .

Reproduced to a uniform size on the printed page , sculptures which are monumental in size can not be distinguished from those which are mere studies or maquettes .
reproduced to a uniform size on the printed page , sculptures which are monumental in size can not be [differentiated] from those which are mere studies or maquettes .

Rome is distinguished by the statue on the Capitoline Hill of Marcus Aurelius ; New York , even the United States , is symbolised by the Statue of Liberty ; Copenhagen is remembered for its mermaid .
rome is [differentiated] by the statue on the capitoline hill of marcus aurelius ; new york , even the united states , is symbolised by the statue of liberty ; copenhagen is remembered for its mermaid .

Architecturally , the inn was often distinguished by an inner courtyard , sometimes with gallery , reached through an archway in the facade .
architecturally , the inn was often [differentiated] by an inner courtyard , sometimes with gallery , reached through an archway in the facade .

The owner of ‘ The Hollybush ’ at Elstree proposed to infill an original coach arch in the pub 's facade and to demolish the timber framed side walls of the passageway behind in order to form a larger and open interior , even though it was this feature that distinguished the building as an historic inn .
the owner of ‘ the hollybush ’ at elstree proposed to infill an original coach arch in the pub 's facade and to demolish the timber framed side walls of the passageway behind in order to form a larger and open interior , even though it was this feature that [differentiated] the building as an historic inn .

The prevailing protestant — loyalist beliefs stress the existence of the people of Northern Ireland , who are distinguished by their Ulster protestantism and democratic values , and by their claim to a flexible territory of Ulster .
the prevailing protestant — loyalist beliefs stress the existence of the people of northern ireland , who are [differentiated] by their ulster protestantism and democratic values , and by their claim to a flexible territory of ulster .

It is characteristic of the novel that climate and vegetation should count for no less than its comedy of manners , in which the Jewish businessman Harry de Tunja plays an enjoyable part , and that neither of these two elements , so far as they can be distinguished from the rest of the novel , should count for less than the opinions which they help to convey .
it is characteristic of the novel that climate and vegetation should count for no less than its comedy of manners , in which the jewish businessman harry de tunja plays an enjoyable part , and that neither of these two elements , so far as they can be [differentiated] from the rest of the novel , should count for less than the opinions which they help to convey .

He had a distinguished career as a clockmaker with several original inventions to his credit .
he had a [differentiated] career as a clockmaker with several original inventions to his credit .

With a few very distinguished exceptions , the skiing is on the easy side , well suited to beginners who can enjoy the scenic and economic advantages of a single two bar hamlet for the first and only time .
with a few very [differentiated] exceptions , the skiing is on the easy side , well suited to beginners who can enjoy the scenic and economic advantages of a single two bar hamlet for the first and only time .

She wrote eighteen more novels , none of them distinguished or now read , enabling her to live alone in relative comfort for sixty years and to give her only son the best upper-class education that her country could provide at that time .
she wrote eighteen more novels , none of them [differentiated] or now read , enabling her to live alone in relative comfort for sixty years and to give her only son the best upper-class education that her country could provide at that time .

They can be distinguished as desiring to know God 's will , and delighting to live in God 's presence .
they can be [differentiated] as desiring to know god 's will , and delighting to live in god 's presence .

These were not only Britons and Germans , but also Belgians , French , Italians , Swiss ; they were diplomats and political persons of high rank ; distinguished clergymen ; retired military gentlemen ; writers and thinkers .
these were not only britons and germans , but also belgians , french , italians , swiss ; they were diplomats and political persons of high rank ; [differentiated] clergymen ; retired military gentlemen ; writers and thinkers .

singled out by the Decree of an Inscrutable Providence from the midst of the Distinguished Multitude that Surrounded him , in the full pride of his Talents and the Perfection of his Usefulness , met with the Accident that Occasioned his Death ; which deprived England of an Illustrious Statesman and Liverpool of its Most Honoured Representative ; which changed a moment of the Noblest Exultation and Triumph that Science and Genius had ever achieved into one of Desolation and Mourning , and striking Terror into the Hearts of Assembled Thousands brought home into every Bosom the Forgotten Truth that ‘ In the Midst of Life we are in Death ’ .
singled out by the decree of an inscrutable providence from the midst of the [differentiated] multitude that surrounded him , in the full pride of his talents and the perfection of his usefulness , met with the accident that occasioned his death ; which deprived england of an illustrious statesman and liverpool of its most honoured representative ; which changed a moment of the noblest exultation and triumph that science and genius had ever achieved into one of desolation and mourning , and striking terror into the hearts of assembled thousands brought home into every bosom the forgotten truth that ‘ in the midst of life we are in death ’ .

The stations were all distinguished by complex roof-lines .
the stations were all [differentiated] by complex roof-lines .

Delhi , in fact , despite its status as the Mughal capital and its vital importance as a great railway junction , had never had a distinguished station .
delhi , in fact , despite its status as the mughal capital and its vital importance as a great railway junction , had never had a [differentiated] station .

Edward Boyle , whose thoughts and manner are finely captured in Maurice Kogan 's Politics of Education , was educated at Eton and Christ Church and belonged to that distinguished generation of Oxford men who dominated so much of post-war politics : Dick Crossman , Tony Crosland , Denis Healey , Harold Wilson , Roy Jenkins , Reginald Maudling , Michael Stewart , Tony Benn , Patrick Gordon Walker .
edward boyle , whose thoughts and manner are finely captured in maurice kogan 's politics of education , was educated at eton and christ church and belonged to that [differentiated] generation of oxford men who dominated so much of post-war politics : dick crossman , tony crosland , denis healey , harold wilson , roy jenkins , reginald maudling , michael stewart , tony benn , patrick gordon walker .

Further , we have distinguished , within theoretical genres , between elementary and complex genres : the former are characterized by the presence or absence of a single structural feature ; the latter by the presence or absence of a conjunction of such features .
further , we have [differentiated] , within theoretical genres , between elementary and complex genres : the former are characterized by the presence or absence of a single structural feature ; the latter by the presence or absence of a conjunction of such features .

The inference was obvious , and in a letter to his brother , a distinguished mycologist , Lister proposed to try using the mould for treating patients .
the inference was obvious , and in a letter to his brother , a [differentiated] mycologist , lister proposed to try using the mould for treating patients .

Methods of clinical investigation were in their infancy , and it was open to any distinguished consultant to adopt a new treatment , profess himself satisfied by its results and enhance his reputation and his practice accordingly .
methods of clinical investigation were in their infancy , and it was open to any [differentiated] consultant to adopt a new treatment , profess himself satisfied by its results and enhance his reputation and his practice accordingly .

Ahead of us the tall pines that stretch out across the frozen plain of Estonia distinguished themselves from the snow-coated sky and earth .
ahead of us the tall pines that stretch out across the frozen plain of estonia [differentiated] themselves from the snow-coated sky and earth .

The distinguished chemist Lord Dainton described recently how the finding of a book on valency at his public library in Sheffield had been a seminal experience in his life .
the [differentiated] chemist lord dainton described recently how the finding of a book on valency at his public library in sheffield had been a seminal experience in his life .

When the distinguished writer Pavel Kohout recently returned from exile he went directly to The Slavia .
when the [differentiated] writer pavel kohout recently returned from exile he went directly to the slavia .

Mr Gray said Century Hutchinson accepted that Lord Aldington was ‘ a brave and dedicated officer with a deservedly distinguished war record and that at all times he was conscientiously seeking to implement the orders of higher commands without suspicion that atrocities would be committed by the Soviets and Titoists ’ .
mr gray said century hutchinson accepted that lord aldington was ‘ a brave and dedicated officer with a deservedly [differentiated] war record and that at all times he was conscientiously seeking to implement the orders of higher commands without suspicion that atrocities would be committed by the soviets and titoists ’ .

‘ In a side street , not far from the burning Palace of Justice , yet out of the way , stood a man , sharply distinguished from the crowd , flailing his hands in the air and moaning over and over again : ‘ The files are burning !
‘ in a side street , not far from the burning palace of justice , yet out of the way , stood a man , sharply [differentiated] from the crowd , flailing his hands in the air and moaning over and over again : ‘ the files are burning !

In the academic world , new knights include Professor Eric Ash , rector of Imperial College , London , and Professor James Holt , the distinguished medieval historian and authority on the Magna Carta .
in the academic world , new knights include professor eric ash , rector of imperial college , london , and professor james holt , the [differentiated] medieval historian and authority on the magna carta .

Outside the country one of the most distinguished Romanians is Mr Mihai Botez , professor of mathematics at Stanford University , California .
outside the country one of the most [differentiated] romanians is mr mihai botez , professor of mathematics at stanford university , california .

The 1962 Commonwealth Immigrants Act brought in a voucher system for the entry of Commonwealth citizens and distinguished between skilled and unskilled workers .
the 1962 commonwealth immigrants act brought in a voucher system for the entry of commonwealth citizens and [differentiated] between skilled and unskilled workers .

In 1984 he was elected to the very distinguished position of member of the Academie Francaise , bastion of French culture .
in 1984 he was elected to the very [differentiated] position of member of the academie francaise , bastion of french culture .

Aspects of class , race , or nationalism passed them by , though this was less true of another distinguished author , Margaret Drabble .
aspects of class , race , or nationalism passed them by , though this was less true of another [differentiated] author , margaret drabble .

The funeral dance is part of that turning world which , like the remorselessly and vapidly revolving seasons of The Waste Land ( or the circles of the London underground in ‘ Burnt Norton ’ ) threatens to trap its inhabitants in a cycle which is , eventually , empty . So timeless Love is distinguished from temporal desire which ,
the funeral dance is part of that turning world which , like the remorselessly and vapidly revolving seasons of the waste land ( or the circles of the london underground in ‘ burnt norton ’ ) threatens to trap its inhabitants in a cycle which is , eventually , empty . so timeless love is [differentiated] from temporal desire which ,

Distinguished civil servants , chairmen of many committees , …
[differentiated] civil servants , chairmen of many committees , …

This bold personal style distinguishes her , as it distinguished Lloyd George and Churchill , from other Prime Ministers .
this bold personal style distinguishes her , as it [differentiated] lloyd george and churchill , from other prime ministers .

These two areas of convergence also direct us to the main area of divergence and the reason why , though in actuality inextricably related , the psychic and the cultural return of homosexuality still need to be distinguished .
these two areas of convergence also direct us to the main area of divergence and the reason why , though in actuality inextricably related , the psychic and the cultural return of homosexuality still need to be [differentiated] .

the objects to which men give most preference , their ideals , proceed from the same perceptions and experiences as the objects which they most abhor , and … they were originally only distinguished from one another through slight modifications … Indeed … it is possible for the original instinctual representative to be split in two , one part undergoing repression , while the remainder , Precisely on account of this intimate connection , undergoes idealization ( xi .
the objects to which men give most preference , their ideals , proceed from the same perceptions and experiences as the objects which they most abhor , and … they were originally only [differentiated] from one another through slight modifications … indeed … it is possible for the original instinctual representative to be split in two , one part undergoing repression , while the remainder , precisely on account of this intimate connection , undergoes idealization ( xi .

Two aspects of Morgan 's discussion of this question , a discussion that was almost as radical as that of Engels , must be distinguished , first the proposition that people with simple technology accord a high status to women , and second , that matriliny implies a high status for women .
two aspects of morgan 's discussion of this question , a discussion that was almost as radical as that of engels , must be [differentiated] , first the proposition that people with simple technology accord a high status to women , and second , that matriliny implies a high status for women .

While holding no important posts within the party and often dismissed as little more than a colourless clerk of little talent by Mao 's colleagues , he distinguished himself as a devoted and tireless servant both of Mao and his new wife Jiang Qing — qualities that would later prove far more important than any formal title .
while holding no important posts within the party and often dismissed as little more than a colourless clerk of little talent by mao 's colleagues , he [differentiated] himself as a devoted and tireless servant both of mao and his new wife jiang qing — qualities that would later prove far more important than any formal title .

But , as Mao grew increasingly suspicious of and isolated from more distinguished revolutionary veterans , he turned increasingly to his secretary for help as he tried to rally support for more radical , leftist policies .
but , as mao grew increasingly suspicious of and isolated from more [differentiated] revolutionary veterans , he turned increasingly to his secretary for help as he tried to rally support for more radical , leftist policies .

Mr Gray said that Lord Aldington had a distinguished war record .
mr gray said that lord aldington had a [differentiated] war record .

Soderstrom — who later in the concert jokingly apologised for her scratchiness — was obviously miserable , more miserable than she needed to be , about the quality of the sound she was making , and her misery took the form of distinguished concentration on pitch , so that there were many small uncharacteristic faults in her intonation .
soderstrom — who later in the concert jokingly apologised for her scratchiness — was obviously miserable , more miserable than she needed to be , about the quality of the sound she was making , and her misery took the form of [differentiated] concentration on pitch , so that there were many small uncharacteristic faults in her intonation .

Soderstrom has been , in her distinguished career , much more than an operetta singer , but her virtues , solid attack , excellent diction , and a clear , fine voice appealing more through its silvery edge than through depth or human vulnerability , are essentially charming rather than thought-provoking .
soderstrom has been , in her [differentiated] career , much more than an operetta singer , but her virtues , solid attack , excellent diction , and a clear , fine voice appealing more through its silvery edge than through depth or human vulnerability , are essentially charming rather than thought-provoking .

Like the best wines , distinguished architecture matures over time : 50 years from now , Lloyds will be championed by as yet unborn conservationists , fought over in the media and ultimately listed Grade One .
like the best wines , [differentiated] architecture matures over time : 50 years from now , lloyds will be championed by as yet unborn conservationists , fought over in the media and ultimately listed grade one .

Many of the members of the Apothecaries ' Society in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries were distinguished for their scientific attainments … That all of them were good citizens and honourable men will be readily conceded from a consideration of the very constitution of the Society and from a perusal of the Bye-Laws , by which the Society is governed and there is reason to believe that they were also practitioners of the healing art .
many of the members of the apothecaries ' society in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries were [differentiated] for their scientific attainments … that all of them were good citizens and honourable men will be readily conceded from a consideration of the very constitution of the society and from a perusal of the bye-laws , by which the society is governed and there is reason to believe that they were also practitioners of the healing art .

John Martyn ( 1699–1768 ) was another distinguished physician–botanist who lived in Chelsea where he practised medicine .
john martyn ( 1699–1768 ) was another [differentiated] physician–botanist who lived in chelsea where he practised medicine .

‘ It is my greatest of pleasures , or almost so , to bring afore your attentions a very distinguished applicant for joining this here famous company of scholars and gentlemen .
‘ it is my greatest of pleasures , or almost so , to bring afore your attentions a very [differentiated] applicant for joining this here famous company of scholars and gentlemen .

Fatherly , distinguished men scoffing at the hero 's genius in smoke-filled clubs , plotting his come-uppance , but ultimately being swept away by the rollercoaster force of his obsessive talent .
fatherly , [differentiated] men scoffing at the hero 's genius in smoke-filled clubs , plotting his come-uppance , but ultimately being swept away by the rollercoaster force of his obsessive talent .

The study tentatively identifies a number of factors which distinguished between teams in social work activities and in rudimentary measures of client outcome .
the study tentatively identifies a number of factors which [differentiated] between teams in social work activities and in rudimentary measures of client outcome .

Immediate response ( allocation and visiting ) can be distinguished from ultimate response ( recommending and activating service-provision ) .
immediate response ( allocation and visiting ) can be [differentiated] from ultimate response ( recommending and activating service-provision ) .

However , the specialist team is distinguished by a particular approach , featuring high throughput of cases , and it has to be uncertain at this stage whether this is a consequence of its specialism or of an underlying distinction in the conception of social work that it may represent — what we have called a ‘ deep ’ structure .
however , the specialist team is [differentiated] by a particular approach , featuring high throughput of cases , and it has to be uncertain at this stage whether this is a consequence of its specialism or of an underlying distinction in the conception of social work that it may represent — what we have called a ‘ deep ’ structure .

In practical terms it is distinguished by its location — in the seven northern counties of Scotland , on the periphery of an industrial society ; often on the poorest land in the vicinity ; and generally , but not necessarily , combining an element of communal with individual occupation and use of land .
in practical terms it is [differentiated] by its location — in the seven northern counties of scotland , on the periphery of an industrial society ; often on the poorest land in the vicinity ; and generally , but not necessarily , combining an element of communal with individual occupation and use of land .

Jazz was looking very distinguished these days and was the only boy Nutty could remotely think of fancying .
jazz was looking very [differentiated] these days and was the only boy nutty could remotely think of fancying .

She distinguished three aspects to the gaze : that of the eye of the camera registering the pro-filmic event , that of the spectator viewing the film , and that of the characters on screen looking at each other .
she [differentiated] three aspects to the gaze : that of the eye of the camera registering the pro-filmic event , that of the spectator viewing the film , and that of the characters on screen looking at each other .

Born in 1909 in New York City to parents who were members of the Ethical Society , he went to a school run by the Society where , under distinguished teachers , he ended up with little knowledge of even how to write correctly .
born in 1909 in new york city to parents who were members of the ethical society , he went to a school run by the society where , under [differentiated] teachers , he ended up with little knowledge of even how to write correctly .

In his person he matched his art perfectly : he was distinguished in appearance , erect in bearing and with a certain unselfconscious , slightly old-fashioned , courtesy .
in his person he matched his art perfectly : he was [differentiated] in appearance , erect in bearing and with a certain unselfconscious , slightly old-fashioned , courtesy .

The two men were born in the same region , the Transkei , but whereas Mr Mandela was a distinguished personage of royal blood , Mr Sisulu came from an impoverished peasant family and engaged in politics as a consequence of his exposure to the daily indignities of life for blacks through his work in a dairy , a bakery , in mines and factories .
the two men were born in the same region , the transkei , but whereas mr mandela was a [differentiated] personage of royal blood , mr sisulu came from an impoverished peasant family and engaged in politics as a consequence of his exposure to the daily indignities of life for blacks through his work in a dairy , a bakery , in mines and factories .

This argument derives from an idea with a distinguished academic pedigree .
this argument derives from an idea with a [differentiated] academic pedigree .

The House distinguished , in effect , three types of case .
the house [differentiated] , in effect , three types of case .

But , on the whole , most distinguished Western scientists , from Einstein downwards , were Disarmers not Deterrers .
but , on the whole , most [differentiated] western scientists , from einstein downwards , were disarmers not deterrers .

He had read an article on Mills and Boon books , which said that young girls liked the distinguished professional older man .
he had read an article on mills and boon books , which said that young girls liked the [differentiated] professional older man .

He did n't belong to any of them , but he knew the doormen would n't challenge a man with his distinguished appearance and well-tailored clothes .
he did n't belong to any of them , but he knew the doormen would n't challenge a man with his [differentiated] appearance and well-tailored clothes .

What distinguished Labour from the Conservatives was the prospect that an overall parliamentary majority would signify the end of capitalism and the beginning of socialism — even if the commitment to the gold standard , free trade and balanced budgets remained .
what [differentiated] labour from the conservatives was the prospect that an overall parliamentary majority would signify the end of capitalism and the beginning of socialism — even if the commitment to the gold standard , free trade and balanced budgets remained .

’ Mona , the distinguished elderly lady in the tea-gown with lace at the neck , had been listening with a disapproval balanced by her evident affection for both Charity and Peregrine .
’ mona , the [differentiated] elderly lady in the tea-gown with lace at the neck , had been listening with a disapproval balanced by her evident affection for both charity and peregrine .

The term ‘ secularisation ’ , as its distinguished chronicler has pointed out , was coming into use in the period 1865–70 .
the term ‘ secularisation ’ , as its [differentiated] chronicler has pointed out , was coming into use in the period 1865–70 .

Joins on silver or gold objects made with silver and gold solders can not usually be distinguished by radiography because they are approximately the same density as the metals they join , although they can sometimes be identified by colour difference or porosity when seen at high magnification .
joins on silver or gold objects made with silver and gold solders can not usually be [differentiated] by radiography because they are approximately the same density as the metals they join , although they can sometimes be identified by colour difference or porosity when seen at high magnification .

Petrographic methods have provided some indications because the grain-size of the white marble from some quarries is very distinctive , but not all quarries can be distinguished in this way .
petrographic methods have provided some indications because the grain-size of the white marble from some quarries is very distinctive , but not all quarries can be [differentiated] in this way .

Penteli was an important quarry near Athens in Greece and recent research has distinguished between the products of the upper and lower quarries .
penteli was an important quarry near athens in greece and recent research has [differentiated] between the products of the upper and lower quarries .

At sites where a number of periods of occupation overlie one another , the archaeologist has to identify and record very large numbers of what are referred to as contexts — divisions of the excavated material that can be distinguished in some way from their neighbours .
at sites where a number of periods of occupation overlie one another , the archaeologist has to identify and record very large numbers of what are referred to as contexts — divisions of the excavated material that can be [differentiated] in some way from their neighbours .

For example , different aspects of a picture , a coin and an Egyptian mummy would need to be emphasised if they are to be distinguished from other objects of the same sort .
for example , different aspects of a picture , a coin and an egyptian mummy would need to be emphasised if they are to be [differentiated] from other objects of the same sort .

This tradition that the redemption brought by Christ has abolished laws of purity that distinguished between clean and unclean animals , clean and unclean foods , clean and unclean people ( Jew and gentile ) and clean and unclean physical states ( women during menstruation ) restrained Christianity for several centuries from applying laws of impurity to women .
this tradition that the redemption brought by christ has abolished laws of purity that [differentiated] between clean and unclean animals , clean and unclean foods , clean and unclean people ( jew and gentile ) and clean and unclean physical states ( women during menstruation ) restrained christianity for several centuries from applying laws of impurity to women .

As to the persons , the High Priest is distinguished from the whole nation , and the rulers … from the mass of the common people … The sins of the High Priest and those of the whole nation are purged with an animal of the same value : in both cases it is directed that a male calf should be brought .
as to the persons , the high priest is [differentiated] from the whole nation , and the rulers … from the mass of the common people … the sins of the high priest and those of the whole nation are purged with an animal of the same value : in both cases it is directed that a male calf should be brought .

It 's rather distinguished , lots of the best people are .
it 's rather [differentiated] , lots of the best people are .

Lift pump types are distinguished by having the pump mechanisms on top of a fixed reservoir .
lift pump types are [differentiated] by having the pump mechanisms on top of a fixed reservoir .

Finally , the question of proof about soil erosion demands that natural and man-made or enhanced rates of soil loss can be distinguished .
finally , the question of proof about soil erosion demands that natural and man-made or enhanced rates of soil loss can be [differentiated] .

The last in a distinguished line of top class British sports photographers , Tim Clayton has reached new heights since living in Australia , gaining international recognition by winning the portfolio section of the International Olympic Committee 's Best of Sport Photographic Contest , open to professional sports photographers world-wide . David Rowley spoke with Clayton about his route to the top
the last in a [differentiated] line of top class british sports photographers , tim clayton has reached new heights since living in australia , gaining international recognition by winning the portfolio section of the international olympic committee 's best of sport photographic contest , open to professional sports photographers world-wide . david rowley spoke with clayton about his route to the top

He distinguished between ‘ l'aventure d'une écriture ’ and ‘ l'écriture d'une aventure ’ : this precluded the existence of a pre-verbal , pre-textual domain .
he [differentiated] between ‘ l'aventure d'une écriture ’ and ‘ l'écriture d'une aventure ’ : this precluded the existence of a pre-verbal , pre-textual domain .

Janet Willcock called for the unity of all radical opinion in Derry ; Eamonn McCann said that Terence O'Neill could not be distinguished from Lord Brookeborough and that reference to liberal unionism was double talk .
janet willcock called for the unity of all radical opinion in derry ; eamonn mccann said that terence o'neill could not be [differentiated] from lord brookeborough and that reference to liberal unionism was double talk .

Little is said about how this process works apart from the suggestion that a number of presentations of a given object or event may be needed if invariant aspects are to be distinguished from incidental features that may vary from one occasion to another .
little is said about how this process works apart from the suggestion that a number of presentations of a given object or event may be needed if invariant aspects are to be [differentiated] from incidental features that may vary from one occasion to another .

Others have distinguished the classical emphasis on duty and virtue from the liberal emphasis on rights and freedoms ( e.g .
others have [differentiated] the classical emphasis on duty and virtue from the liberal emphasis on rights and freedoms ( e.g .

Ender , 33 , is unlikely now to produce the kind of speed that helped her break no fewer than 27 world records during her distinguished career .
ender , 33 , is unlikely now to produce the kind of speed that helped her break no fewer than 27 world records during her [differentiated] career .

The dealer , Robert Barrett , paid £1,400 for the paintings and heirlooms handed over by Miss Audrey Prinsep , a member of a distinguished family that has produced a number of eminent painters .
the dealer , robert barrett , paid £1,400 for the paintings and heirlooms handed over by miss audrey prinsep , a member of a [differentiated] family that has produced a number of eminent painters .

It becomes a bonfire in autumn , but strangely does not burn so brightly as the green-leafed type distinguished as viridis .
it becomes a bonfire in autumn , but strangely does not burn so brightly as the green-leafed type [differentiated] as viridis .

Its vacillations of mood , from white-hot passion concealed behind a frosty stare to an almost insouciant dance-like gaiety , are beautifully captured in a generally distinguished performance by the Danish Radio orchestra under Leif Segerstam .
its vacillations of mood , from white-hot passion concealed behind a frosty stare to an almost insouciant dance-like gaiety , are beautifully captured in a generally [differentiated] performance by the danish radio orchestra under leif segerstam .

But it has distinguished alumni : Billy Crystal , who talked between the Oscars , and Oscar contenders Bette Midler and Nick Nolte among them .
but it has [differentiated] alumni : billy crystal , who talked between the oscars , and oscar contenders bette midler and nick nolte among them .

‘ It places me alongside such distinguished past captains like Sir Monty Finniston , Sir Campbell Adamson and Sir Matthew Goodwin' , she said .
‘ it places me alongside such [differentiated] past captains like sir monty finniston , sir campbell adamson and sir matthew goodwin' , she said .

However , at Canto 106/753–54 ( there is a brief allusion at 104/745 to the mosaics at Monreale ) , we do at last find a Sicilian allusion in the context of writing that we can recognize as distinguished :
however , at canto 106/753–54 ( there is a brief allusion at 104/745 to the mosaics at monreale ) , we do at last find a sicilian allusion in the context of writing that we can recognize as [differentiated] :

It is an idea — the idea that the practice of our art should ideally be an avocation rather than a vocation — which has a distinguished and ancient lineage , to be traced back through the English bourgeois idea of ‘ the gentleman ’ to the Italian aristocratic idea of ‘ the courtier ’ .
it is an idea — the idea that the practice of our art should ideally be an avocation rather than a vocation — which has a [differentiated] and ancient lineage , to be traced back through the english bourgeois idea of ‘ the gentleman ’ to the italian aristocratic idea of ‘ the courtier ’ .

For Tate 's very distinguished criticism , then and afterwards , was always more concerned with the socio-cultural conditions for poetry than with poetry itself .
for tate 's very [differentiated] criticism , then and afterwards , was always more concerned with the socio-cultural conditions for poetry than with poetry itself .

Commonsense , not without distinguished endorsement from past centuries , thinks as Hart Crane did that it is not true at all ; that on the contrary there are occasions too trivial , too lacking in dignity or resonance , to deserve the ceremoniousness that , as Tomlinson perceived , verse-writing always brings with it .
commonsense , not without [differentiated] endorsement from past centuries , thinks as hart crane did that it is not true at all ; that on the contrary there are occasions too trivial , too lacking in dignity or resonance , to deserve the ceremoniousness that , as tomlinson perceived , verse-writing always brings with it .

For the next 12 years , Field relentlessly pursued his project , winning support of distinguished scientists and electrical engineers such as John Brett , Charles Bright and William Thomson ( later the first Lord Kelvin of Largs ) .
for the next 12 years , field relentlessly pursued his project , winning support of [differentiated] scientists and electrical engineers such as john brett , charles bright and william thomson ( later the first lord kelvin of largs ) .

Howell was unusual not only in combining attachment to a small college with a distinguished scholarly career , but also in his success in continuing that career even while president of the college .
howell was unusual not only in combining attachment to a small college with a [differentiated] scholarly career , but also in his success in continuing that career even while president of the college .

He was vital to much of the department 's internationally distinguished research in comparative endocrinology , assaying minuscule levels of hormones in experimental animals by physico-chemical techniques .
he was vital to much of the department 's internationally [differentiated] research in comparative endocrinology , assaying minuscule levels of hormones in experimental animals by physico-chemical techniques .

’ This hortatory and vaguely uplifting conclusion is out of key with the body of Megill 's book , which is distinguished by the penetrating quality of its readings , and which , among much else , offers a very persuasive presentation of Derrida as joker .
’ this hortatory and vaguely uplifting conclusion is out of key with the body of megill 's book , which is [differentiated] by the penetrating quality of its readings , and which , among much else , offers a very persuasive presentation of derrida as joker .

Noverre distinguished his dancers by their particular physiques and personalities , whereas Weaver had judged them by their ability to act .
noverre [differentiated] his dancers by their particular physiques and personalities , whereas weaver had judged them by their ability to act .

The panel of 175 distinguished authors , scholars , broadcasters and public figures regards correct usage as no longer worth fighting for and trivial , according to a poll of its views to be published on January 8 .
the panel of 175 [differentiated] authors , scholars , broadcasters and public figures regards correct usage as no longer worth fighting for and trivial , according to a poll of its views to be published on january 8 .

Should the prosecution now try them for the distinguished Great Mail Robbery or for murder ?
should the prosecution now try them for the [differentiated] great mail robbery or for murder ?

On the first evening the singers are always very nervous at having to perform before such a distinguished audience .
on the first evening the singers are always very nervous at having to perform before such a [differentiated] audience .

Distinguished artists Benjamin Luxon ( baritone ) , Linda Finnie ( mezzo soprano ) , Robert Cohen ( cello ) and Sir Charles Groves ( conductor ) are generously giving their services free , and the programme with its maritime theme will include Elgar 's Sea Pictures , Stanford 's Songs of the Sea , Arne 's Rule Britannia and a unique performance of Lord Berner 's The Triumph of Neptune , from his famous ballet for the Diaghilev company .
[differentiated] artists benjamin luxon ( baritone ) , linda finnie ( mezzo soprano ) , robert cohen ( cello ) and sir charles groves ( conductor ) are generously giving their services free , and the programme with its maritime theme will include elgar 's sea pictures , stanford 's songs of the sea , arne 's rule britannia and a unique performance of lord berner 's the triumph of neptune , from his famous ballet for the diaghilev company .

The next day , 18 April , saw the arrival of the two Russian ships and their distinguished guests and , from a convenient vantage point , Crabb , ‘ Smith ’ and Davies watched the official ceremony .
the next day , 18 april , saw the arrival of the two russian ships and their [differentiated] guests and , from a convenient vantage point , crabb , ‘ smith ’ and davies watched the official ceremony .

He represented her as having been extremely swarthy , and quite emaciated , with a long crane-neck , and a short body , much resembling , in shape , a bass-viol . However , the talents of her mind amply compensated for the defects of her person ; and if , with so few advantages , she was capable of writing with so much credit to herself , there can be no doubt but , if her career had been prolonged , she would have greatly distinguished herself in the annals of female literature [
he represented her as having been extremely swarthy , and quite emaciated , with a long crane-neck , and a short body , much resembling , in shape , a bass-viol . however , the talents of her mind amply compensated for the defects of her person ; and if , with so few advantages , she was capable of writing with so much credit to herself , there can be no doubt but , if her career had been prolonged , she would have greatly [differentiated] herself in the annals of female literature [

The ‘ Persons of Rank and of distinguished Taste and Judgement ’ who took an interest in Leapor 's writing and promoted the subscription , were most likely members of the Blencowe family .
the ‘ persons of rank and of [differentiated] taste and judgement ’ who took an interest in leapor 's writing and promoted the subscription , were most likely members of the blencowe family .

Some of her Papers , a little time before her Death were communicated to several Persons of Rank and of distinguished Taste and Judgement , who were pleased to express a great Satisfaction in the View they had of promoting a Subscription …
some of her papers , a little time before her death were communicated to several persons of rank and of [differentiated] taste and judgement , who were pleased to express a great satisfaction in the view they had of promoting a subscription …

On the appointed day Modigliani appeared looking confident and distinguished in his cords and red scarf ; he ordered a good bottle of wine and began to rhapsodize about Gaby 's beauty and charm .
on the appointed day modigliani appeared looking confident and [differentiated] in his cords and red scarf ; he ordered a good bottle of wine and began to rhapsodize about gaby 's beauty and charm .

Max Jacob was homosexual , trying desperately to look distinguished in his top hat , evening dress , spats and monocle , whilst Modi 's affairs with women were known all over the quarter .
max jacob was homosexual , trying desperately to look [differentiated] in his top hat , evening dress , spats and monocle , whilst modi 's affairs with women were known all over the quarter .

Now when she saw him drinking , wild-eyed and aggressive , in her inner eye she kept the vision of the distinguished and striking man she knew him to be .
now when she saw him drinking , wild-eyed and aggressive , in her inner eye she kept the vision of the [differentiated] and striking man she knew him to be .

She drew Modigliani reading by lamplight in Nice , absorbed and distinguished with an air of apartness .
she drew modigliani reading by lamplight in nice , absorbed and [differentiated] with an air of apartness .

The groups were selected in such a way that each should contain a fairly equal proportion of aristocrats , diplomats , artists , men of letters and distinguished academics .
the groups were selected in such a way that each should contain a fairly equal proportion of aristocrats , diplomats , artists , men of letters and [differentiated] academics .

The marking should give credit for children 's grasp of meaning and allow ‘ positive ’ errors to be distinguished from ‘ negative ’ .
the marking should give credit for children 's grasp of meaning and allow ‘ positive ’ errors to be [differentiated] from ‘ negative ’ .

If the truth were known , Sir Henry had never wanted to be a country gentleman , which must have seemed very small beer after such a distinguished and varied military career .
if the truth were known , sir henry had never wanted to be a country gentleman , which must have seemed very small beer after such a [differentiated] and varied military career .

Humphrey says ‘ in the seventies , at least , factors which distinguished auto workers from other sections of the working class enabled them to adopt a vanguard role ’ ( Humphrey 1982 : 231 ) .
humphrey says ‘ in the seventies , at least , factors which [differentiated] auto workers from other sections of the working class enabled them to adopt a vanguard role ’ ( humphrey 1982 : 231 ) .

Then coming towards us appeared His Excellency , President Camille Chamoun … His graying hair and tanned complexion accentuated the distinguished bearing of his tall , erect frame .
then coming towards us appeared his excellency , president camille chamoun … his graying hair and tanned complexion accentuated the [differentiated] bearing of his tall , erect frame .

She put her name down to speak in the great debate about the state of the English Faculty that was held in the University Senate ; and in the Cambridge University Reporter for the 18th February , 1981 , occupying a column and a half of small print , sandwiched between contributions from two of the University 's most distinguished professors , you may find Robyn 's impassioned plea for a radical theorization of the syllabus .
she put her name down to speak in the great debate about the state of the english faculty that was held in the university senate ; and in the cambridge university reporter for the 18th february , 1981 , occupying a column and a half of small print , sandwiched between contributions from two of the university 's most [differentiated] professors , you may find robyn 's impassioned plea for a radical theorization of the syllabus .

Two cases of consent can be distinguished .
two cases of consent can be [differentiated] .

The domain guarded by the Three Men is , however , unworthy of such distinguished surveillance .
the domain guarded by the three men is , however , unworthy of such [differentiated] surveillance .

In concentrating on these issues , we are reminded of the comments made by a distinguished Scottish judge in 1954 .
in concentrating on these issues , we are reminded of the comments made by a [differentiated] scottish judge in 1954 .

It is to be noted that this proposition appears to have been doubted by the Court of Appeal subsequently in Francome v. Mirror Group Newspapers Ltd , where Sir Robert 's remarks were distinguished as relating to a case involving the detection of crime .
it is to be noted that this proposition appears to have been doubted by the court of appeal subsequently in francome v. mirror group newspapers ltd , where sir robert 's remarks were [differentiated] as relating to a case involving the detection of crime .

It was also on a bigger scale and , for the first time , he was to collaborate with a distinguished painter for the designs .
it was also on a bigger scale and , for the first time , he was to collaborate with a [differentiated] painter for the designs .

In order to make sure that the grafted tissue really induced a new embryo in the host , it was necessary to have markers that would enable graft and host cells to be distinguished .
in order to make sure that the grafted tissue really induced a new embryo in the host , it was necessary to have markers that would enable graft and host cells to be [differentiated] .

However , in 1985 , a fortuitous observation made in the Harvard laboratory of the distinguished geneticist and Nobel Laureate , Phil Leder , seemed to offer a way of identifying one of the genes .
however , in 1985 , a fortuitous observation made in the harvard laboratory of the [differentiated] geneticist and nobel laureate , phil leder , seemed to offer a way of identifying one of the genes .

The ‘ Beautiful Damsel ’ ( Agrion virgo ) favours clear , gravel-bottomed streams , while the ‘ Banded Damsel ’ ( Agrion splendens ) , distinguished from the former by the blue-black bar on the male 's wing , is abundant on muddy-bottomed , less acid waters .
the ‘ beautiful damsel ’ ( agrion virgo ) favours clear , gravel-bottomed streams , while the ‘ banded damsel ’ ( agrion splendens ) , [differentiated] from the former by the blue-black bar on the male 's wing , is abundant on muddy-bottomed , less acid waters .

Before the war grammar schools were distinguished by their academic curriculum , by the existence of sixth forms , from which there could be progress to university , and by the academic qualifications of the teachers ; and so , after 1944 , it was taken for granted that the grammar school ideal must be preserved in its familiar form .
before the war grammar schools were [differentiated] by their academic curriculum , by the existence of sixth forms , from which there could be progress to university , and by the academic qualifications of the teachers ; and so , after 1944 , it was taken for granted that the grammar school ideal must be preserved in its familiar form .

He had no right to wear the tie but he felt that it was rather distinguished and so far no one had caught him out .
he had no right to wear the tie but he felt that it was rather [differentiated] and so far no one had caught him out .

By this time Hardy was in his seventies , a distinguished and much honoured man of letters , who despite living quietly at Dorchester was nevertheless very much part of the contemporary literary establishment .
by this time hardy was in his seventies , a [differentiated] and much honoured man of letters , who despite living quietly at dorchester was nevertheless very much part of the contemporary literary establishment .

Poems of the Past and the Present ( 1901 , dated 1902 ) was more warmly received , partly because some of the Boer War poems — distinguished in one commentator 's eyes for dwelling ‘ not on the glory , but on the piteousness of the struggle ’ — were already familiar through the newspapers .
poems of the past and the present ( 1901 , dated 1902 ) was more warmly received , partly because some of the boer war poems — [differentiated] in one commentator 's eyes for dwelling ‘ not on the glory , but on the piteousness of the struggle ’ — were already familiar through the newspapers .

Safety and lethargy are two words barely acknowledged by the distinguished traveller , Wilfred Thesiger .
safety and lethargy are two words barely acknowledged by the [differentiated] traveller , wilfred thesiger .

Distinguished guests fared only a little better ‘ … a pleasant fiction and cheerful jest of the captain 's … a profoundly preposterous box ’ was how Charles Dickens described his cabin on board the Britannia in which he crossed the Atlantic on his trip to America in 1842 .
[differentiated] guests fared only a little better ‘ … a pleasant fiction and cheerful jest of the captain 's … a profoundly preposterous box ’ was how charles dickens described his cabin on board the britannia in which he crossed the atlantic on his trip to america in 1842 .

Cosmological recurrence involving the complete destruction of the universe and its exact re-creation , as believed in by the Stoic philosophers , must be distinguished from historical recurrence involving only the repetition of the general pattern of events , as believed in by the historian Polybius , for example .
cosmological recurrence involving the complete destruction of the universe and its exact re-creation , as believed in by the stoic philosophers , must be [differentiated] from historical recurrence involving only the repetition of the general pattern of events , as believed in by the historian polybius , for example .

— were distinguished .
— were [differentiated] .

Although law reform was at hand , the government found it politic in 1977 to set up a Home Office Committee on Obscenity , Indecency , Violence and Film Censorship under the Chairmanship of the Cambridge Professor of Philosophy , Bernard Williams . This distinguished Committee conducted the widest-ranging review of the subject ever undertaken in Britain , and among its conclusions published in November 1979 were two far-reaching proposals :
although law reform was at hand , the government found it politic in 1977 to set up a home office committee on obscenity , indecency , violence and film censorship under the chairmanship of the cambridge professor of philosophy , bernard williams . this [differentiated] committee conducted the widest-ranging review of the subject ever undertaken in britain , and among its conclusions published in november 1979 were two far-reaching proposals :

Perhaps the most distinguished is Welsh House — now Church 's China , rebuilt in 1975 in the original 16th Century form .
perhaps the most [differentiated] is welsh house — now church 's china , rebuilt in 1975 in the original 16th century form .

The ‘ baddies ’ are firmly distinguished from the ‘ goodies ’ .
the ‘ baddies ’ are firmly [differentiated] from the ‘ goodies ’ .

First he distinguished the extroverted person from the introverted one — attitude types , as he called them .
first he [differentiated] the extroverted person from the introverted one — attitude types , as he called them .

Secondly , he distinguished between four different ‘ function types ’ , based on the way people perceive and judge the world .
secondly , he [differentiated] between four different ‘ function types ’ , based on the way people perceive and judge the world .

In December 1697 a civil list of £700,000 a year was established , which , for the first time , distinguished between money provided for defence purposes and that for the other expenses of government .
in december 1697 a civil list of £700,000 a year was established , which , for the first time , [differentiated] between money provided for defence purposes and that for the other expenses of government .

At 55 he could claim a distinguished record of philanthropic and public service which included setting up the Royal Army Education Corps .
at 55 he could claim a [differentiated] record of philanthropic and public service which included setting up the royal army education corps .

Their younger brother , Geoffrey , also distinguished himself , rising to the rank of top sergeant and commanding a tank .
their younger brother , geoffrey , also [differentiated] himself , rising to the rank of top sergeant and commanding a tank .

The Campaign for Resource is championed by a team of distinguished patrons , drawn from all aspects of political , industrial and public life .
the campaign for resource is championed by a team of [differentiated] patrons , drawn from all aspects of political , industrial and public life .

Other unique material in the Southern Collection includes the unpublished manuscript notebooks of the distinguished theatre historian , William John Lawrence , who was born in Dublin in 1862 , and of whom it was once said that to whatever aspect of theatre history the student may turn , Lawrence will have been there before him .
other unique material in the southern collection includes the unpublished manuscript notebooks of the [differentiated] theatre historian , william john lawrence , who was born in dublin in 1862 , and of whom it was once said that to whatever aspect of theatre history the student may turn , lawrence will have been there before him .

In November , Raymond Warren , Professor of Music in the University , will find himself , or rather one of his works , in distinguished company .
in november , raymond warren , professor of music in the university , will find himself , or rather one of his works , in [differentiated] company .

Most of them were never very funny themselves , although there were distinguished exceptions such as Alan Coren and Keith Waterhouse .
most of them were never very funny themselves , although there were [differentiated] exceptions such as alan coren and keith waterhouse .

Late in the eighteenth century a distinguished West of England breeder called James White Parsons experimented to create a new breed by crossing his Devons with French and Indian cattle of unspecified breed .
late in the eighteenth century a [differentiated] west of england breeder called james white parsons experimented to create a new breed by crossing his devons with french and indian cattle of unspecified breed .

This French breed , which produces high-fat milk , was probably not distinguished from other breeds of northwest France until the nineteenth century , including the Contentin type ( later absorbed by the Normandy breed ) , which probably also came to the islands , and the now-extinct brindled Isigny draught breed of Normandy , which was also a famous butter-maker but much larger than the Léon and with horns which curved forward and inward rather than outward and backward .
this french breed , which produces high-fat milk , was probably not [differentiated] from other breeds of northwest france until the nineteenth century , including the contentin type ( later absorbed by the normandy breed ) , which probably also came to the islands , and the now-extinct brindled isigny draught breed of normandy , which was also a famous butter-maker but much larger than the léon and with horns which curved forward and inward rather than outward and backward .

The 1834 breed standards set by the Royal Jersey Agricultural Society and drawn up by distinguished island breeders showed parti-coloured engravings of the breed but made no reference to the colour of the coat as no importance was attached to such a superficial factor ; however , the light-coloured muzzle ring was specified , and a deep orange colour within the ears , while the skin was of a ‘ good ’ colour .
the 1834 breed standards set by the royal jersey agricultural society and drawn up by [differentiated] island breeders showed parti-coloured engravings of the breed but made no reference to the colour of the coat as no importance was attached to such a superficial factor ; however , the light-coloured muzzle ring was specified , and a deep orange colour within the ears , while the skin was of a ‘ good ’ colour .

The Léon type was first formally distinguished from other Breton cattle in 1859 and it resisted the ubiquitous crossing to the Durham Shorthorn .
the léon type was first formally [differentiated] from other breton cattle in 1859 and it resisted the ubiquitous crossing to the durham shorthorn .

Bishop Sir Jonathon Trelawney was born in 1650 of an old and distinguished Cornish family .
bishop sir jonathon trelawney was born in 1650 of an old and [differentiated] cornish family .

Joseph Thomas , engineer , was born in Roche and came to Looe to retire after a distinguished career .
joseph thomas , engineer , was born in roche and came to looe to retire after a [differentiated] career .

When Beveridge addressed the different primary causes of need he distinguished what he saw as the ‘ problem ’ of age from the needs created by disability : the former being concerned with retirement from work as a result of age and the latter concerning the inability of a person of working age to work as a result of illness or accident .
when beveridge addressed the different primary causes of need he [differentiated] what he saw as the ‘ problem ’ of age from the needs created by disability : the former being concerned with retirement from work as a result of age and the latter concerning the inability of a person of working age to work as a result of illness or accident .

Older people are not an homogeneous group distinguished by frailty , lack of sense and dependency .
older people are not an homogeneous group [differentiated] by frailty , lack of sense and dependency .

Intriguingly , the Falklands made Mrs Thatcher turn to a pair of old statesmen for assistance : Lord Franks , probably the most distinguished Ambassador to Washington since 1945 , to sort out the origins of the affair once the war was over ; and Harold Macmillan , now the Earl of Stockton , at the outset . Lord Stockton has revealed , in a television interview with Ludovic Kennedy , the substance of his conversation with Mrs Thatcher in Downing Street in the fraught days immediately following the seizure of the islands :
intriguingly , the falklands made mrs thatcher turn to a pair of old statesmen for assistance : lord franks , probably the most [differentiated] ambassador to washington since 1945 , to sort out the origins of the affair once the war was over ; and harold macmillan , now the earl of stockton , at the outset . lord stockton has revealed , in a television interview with ludovic kennedy , the substance of his conversation with mrs thatcher in downing street in the fraught days immediately following the seizure of the islands :

The 1924 Championship finally established Chapman as one of the most famous figures in football . He was featured in the Examiner 's series of ‘ Impertinent portraits ’ of distinguished local citizens and hailed , like Napoleon , as the ‘ organizer of victory ’ :
the 1924 championship finally established chapman as one of the most famous figures in football . he was featured in the examiner 's series of ‘ impertinent portraits ’ of [differentiated] local citizens and hailed , like napoleon , as the ‘ organizer of victory ’ :

The Hillingdon report on public library effectiveness distinguished between users ' expressed needs , and their unexpressed or unactivated needs .
the hillingdon report on public library effectiveness [differentiated] between users ' expressed needs , and their unexpressed or unactivated needs .

The report distinguished between two levels of service .
the report [differentiated] between two levels of service .

They could still be distinguished internally by their thinly-upholstered wooden seats upstairs .
they could still be [differentiated] internally by their thinly-upholstered wooden seats upstairs .

husband of the proprietress of the New York boarding-house where Martin Chuzzlewit stays on his arrival in the city , a man of Pennsylvanian origin ‘ distinguished by a very large skull , and a great mass of yellow forehead … He was a great politician ; and the one whole of his creed , in reference to all public obligations involving the good faith and integrity of his country , was , to ‘ run a moist pen slick through everything and start fresh .
husband of the proprietress of the new york boarding-house where martin chuzzlewit stays on his arrival in the city , a man of pennsylvanian origin ‘ [differentiated] by a very large skull , and a great mass of yellow forehead … he was a great politician ; and the one whole of his creed , in reference to all public obligations involving the good faith and integrity of his country , was , to ‘ run a moist pen slick through everything and start fresh .

In plainer words he had a most distinguished genius for swindling .
in plainer words he had a most [differentiated] genius for swindling .

There he ‘ distinguished himself for Hebrew & Mathematics ’ , and might eventually have obtained a fellowship had he still been single .
there he ‘ [differentiated] himself for hebrew & mathematics ’ , and might eventually have obtained a fellowship had he still been single .

He breakfasted at Taunton with Joshua Toulmin , the town 's kindly and distinguished Unitarian minister , then continued west through Neroche Forest towards Horton Cross and Chard .
he breakfasted at taunton with joshua toulmin , the town 's kindly and [differentiated] unitarian minister , then continued west through neroche forest towards horton cross and chard .

One hundred years ago this month a distinguished group of chemists met in Geneva to resolve a crisis that had been developing in organic chemistry .
one hundred years ago this month a [differentiated] group of chemists met in geneva to resolve a crisis that had been developing in organic chemistry .

Nothing , in fact , could surpass the splendour those magnificent crowns of green , metal-sparkling crystals , which Mr Nicholson has contributed to the Exhibition ; they certainly represent the finest products of this new industry which have as yet been seen , and are at the same time significant symbols of the success which has rewarded the exertions of this distinguished manufacturer .
nothing , in fact , could surpass the splendour those magnificent crowns of green , metal-sparkling crystals , which mr nicholson has contributed to the exhibition ; they certainly represent the finest products of this new industry which have as yet been seen , and are at the same time significant symbols of the success which has rewarded the exertions of this [differentiated] manufacturer .

These cases became a cause célèbre , involving many distinguished witnesses and many resources .
these cases became a cause célèbre , involving many [differentiated] witnesses and many resources .

In addition to mitochondria , platelet cytoplasm contains numerous granules and dense bodies which have been distinguished by density , ultrastructural studies and biochemical content .
in addition to mitochondria , platelet cytoplasm contains numerous granules and dense bodies which have been [differentiated] by density , ultrastructural studies and biochemical content .

The Dowsing Fault-Zone can still be distinguished as a separate structural zone which has seen Tertiary re-activation , as shown in Profile 1 .
the dowsing fault-zone can still be [differentiated] as a separate structural zone which has seen tertiary re-activation , as shown in profile 1 .

13 and 15 where the overlying acoustically ‘ dead ’ character of the Barren Measures can be distinguished from the subcropping high-frequency reflections of the ‘ Grey ’ Coal Measures .
13 and 15 where the overlying acoustically ‘ dead ’ character of the barren measures can be [differentiated] from the subcropping high-frequency reflections of the ‘ grey ’ coal measures .

Therefore , improvements in efficiency need to be distinguished from cost-cutting measures , where no consideration is given to the reduction in the effectiveness of the programme when the resource commitment is reduced .
therefore , improvements in efficiency need to be [differentiated] from cost-cutting measures , where no consideration is given to the reduction in the effectiveness of the programme when the resource commitment is reduced .

The little evidence there is suggests a view which is anyway plausible , that the consuls dealt with cases involving the distinguished ( clarissimae personae ) and large sums , although no limit is known .
the little evidence there is suggests a view which is anyway plausible , that the consuls dealt with cases involving the [differentiated] ( clarissimae personae ) and large sums , although no limit is known .

In insolvency of the estate or trustee , various positions can be distinguished .
in insolvency of the estate or trustee , various positions can be [differentiated] .

His name in those far-off days had not been Fedorov ; he had been the youngest son of a noble family , with high hopes of a distinguished military career .
his name in those far-off days had not been fedorov ; he had been the youngest son of a noble family , with high hopes of a [differentiated] military career .

Distinguished people make a practice of visiting the opera , and pull rank so as to meet the artistes , especially attractive females .
[differentiated] people make a practice of visiting the opera , and pull rank so as to meet the artistes , especially attractive females .

‘ Distinguished people , ’ repeated Karelius . ‘ Anyone particularly in mind ? ’
‘ [differentiated] people , ’ repeated karelius . ‘ anyone particularly in mind ? ’

Mr. Sutton was a nice old gentleman — looked distinguished with his white hair and small white beard , a stickler for accuracy and forever telling me that my father had been one of his pupils .
mr. sutton was a nice old gentleman — looked [differentiated] with his white hair and small white beard , a stickler for accuracy and forever telling me that my father had been one of his pupils .

In all these cases , the bone accumulations resulting from burial , pitfalls , burrow deaths and hibernation/aestivation deaths are distinguished by their limitation to one or a few species but with all parts of the skeleton represented unbroken and well preserved .
in all these cases , the bone accumulations resulting from burial , pitfalls , burrow deaths and hibernation/aestivation deaths are [differentiated] by their limitation to one or a few species but with all parts of the skeleton represented unbroken and well preserved .

The kestrel and tawny owl assemblages are distinguished in these analyses as being the most divergent .
the kestrel and tawny owl assemblages are [differentiated] in these analyses as being the most divergent .

Here long vehicles which have already been in traffic , as distinguished from new coaches , are mainly dealt with .
here long vehicles which have already been in traffic , as [differentiated] from new coaches , are mainly dealt with .

The third coequal member of this trinity , but distinguished from its fellows by the brownness of its interior colour scheme , relieved the strain of five journeys a week by doing two or three itself , in both directions .
the third coequal member of this trinity , but [differentiated] from its fellows by the brownness of its interior colour scheme , relieved the strain of five journeys a week by doing two or three itself , in both directions .

Big John McCormick had had a distinguished career in Scotland , where he had been on the verge of international honours while playing with now defunct Third Lanark and at Aberdeen , but it was , amazingly , as a makeweight that he came south to Crystal Palace .
big john mccormick had had a [differentiated] career in scotland , where he had been on the verge of international honours while playing with now defunct third lanark and at aberdeen , but it was , amazingly , as a makeweight that he came south to crystal palace .

Yet there is here in the English highland zone an ancient Brigantian unity , later distinguished by the northern capital of the Roman Empire at York , concreted by the establishment of the boundary of Mercia-Northumbria and the specifically Norse occupation .
yet there is here in the english highland zone an ancient brigantian unity , later [differentiated] by the northern capital of the roman empire at york , concreted by the establishment of the boundary of mercia-northumbria and the specifically norse occupation .

As for the second , it has long been recognised that successful institutions are distinguished by clear aims .
as for the second , it has long been recognised that successful institutions are [differentiated] by clear aims .

Adjudication would be undertaken by a panel of distinguished doctors and psychiatrists and , to the delight of the press , he went on to say that the finals would be screened worldwide .
adjudication would be undertaken by a panel of [differentiated] doctors and psychiatrists and , to the delight of the press , he went on to say that the finals would be screened worldwide .

If Basic Instinct is trash than it is trash of a distinguished standard .
if basic instinct is trash than it is trash of a [differentiated] standard .

Our judges were four distinguished scientists : Professor Martin Rees , director of the Institute of Astronomy , Cambridge ; Dr Alan Gauld of the Department of Psychology of the University of Nottingham ; Professor Steven Rose of the School of Biological Sciences at the Open University ; and Dr Peter Davies of the Department of Zoology , University of Nottingham .
our judges were four [differentiated] scientists : professor martin rees , director of the institute of astronomy , cambridge ; dr alan gauld of the department of psychology of the university of nottingham ; professor steven rose of the school of biological sciences at the open university ; and dr peter davies of the department of zoology , university of nottingham .

But two distinguished comparative anatomists with a long-time interest in amphisbaenians , Professor Angus d'Alberi BelIairs of St Mary 's Hospital Medical School in London and Dr Karl Gans of the University of Michigan , decided to take a closer look .
but two [differentiated] comparative anatomists with a long-time interest in amphisbaenians , professor angus d'alberi beliairs of st mary 's hospital medical school in london and dr karl gans of the university of michigan , decided to take a closer look .

Bernard Diamond , a distinguished lawyer-psychiatrist at the University of California , seriously questions the feasibility of these ‘ safeguards ’ in practice .
bernard diamond , a [differentiated] lawyer-psychiatrist at the university of california , seriously questions the feasibility of these ‘ safeguards ’ in practice .

One interesting possibility is to extend , when possible , the convention that vowel sound can be distinguished by the presence or absence of a following ‘ e ’ .
one interesting possibility is to extend , when possible , the convention that vowel sound can be [differentiated] by the presence or absence of a following ‘ e ’ .

He is a distinguished astrophysicist with a lifelong interest in space .
he is a [differentiated] astrophysicist with a lifelong interest in space .

The conventional wisdom on isotopes of the same element is that they can a distinguished only in two ways : by the different masses of the nuclei , and by subtle differences in the way they absorb and emit light of specific wavelengths .
the conventional wisdom on isotopes of the same element is that they can a [differentiated] only in two ways : by the different masses of the nuclei , and by subtle differences in the way they absorb and emit light of specific wavelengths .

As one of Bonn 's most distinguished physicists , Professor Wolfgang Paul put it , ‘ Now it 's so well-organised bad things can not happen , maybe good things can not either .
as one of bonn 's most [differentiated] physicists , professor wolfgang paul put it , ‘ now it 's so well-organised bad things can not happen , maybe good things can not either .

The new Institute for Advanced Study in Berlin is a haven where distinguished scholars in all disciplines can work undisturbed and make cross-disciplinary contacts .
the new institute for advanced study in berlin is a haven where [differentiated] scholars in all disciplines can work undisturbed and make cross-disciplinary contacts .

This and other recommendations have been made by a four-member panel of distinguished heart experts , forced a year ago by the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute to investigate the episode .
this and other recommendations have been made by a four-member panel of [differentiated] heart experts , forced a year ago by the national heart lung and blood institute to investigate the episode .

It could hardly be distinguished from ‘ good Pyrmont , or rather seltzer water ’ .
it could hardly be [differentiated] from ‘ good pyrmont , or rather seltzer water ’ .

Manchester is also distinguished by the abundance of wetland species .
manchester is also [differentiated] by the abundance of wetland species .

He matured into a distinguished mathematician who enriched many branches of the science before he died at the age of only 44 from a ruptured appendix .
he matured into a [differentiated] mathematician who enriched many branches of the science before he died at the age of only 44 from a ruptured appendix .

Although practical experience was not required , Balliol decided to build its own laboratory , and asked Smith to run it , sending him off to various distinguished chemists to obtain an appropriate training .
although practical experience was not required , balliol decided to build its own laboratory , and asked smith to run it , sending him off to various [differentiated] chemists to obtain an appropriate training .

His funeral cortege was a quarter of a mile long , and the procession included not only members of Oxford University and distinguished public figures , but also representatives of the underprivileged , whose cause he had championed most vigorously .
his funeral cortege was a quarter of a mile long , and the procession included not only members of oxford university and [differentiated] public figures , but also representatives of the underprivileged , whose cause he had championed most vigorously .

Although it goes against the grain to say this , the exercise is valuable , if indeed it has the effect of providing an accurate version of a distinguished person 's world view .
although it goes against the grain to say this , the exercise is valuable , if indeed it has the effect of providing an accurate version of a [differentiated] person 's world view .

In any case , Rutter 's ridicule seems a grotesquely inappropriate response to our constructive and it now seems , prescient , suggestion made some six years before he first presented his own distinguished views on the subject of lead pollution .
in any case , rutter 's ridicule seems a grotesquely inappropriate response to our constructive and it now seems , prescient , suggestion made some six years before he first presented his own [differentiated] views on the subject of lead pollution .

They are distinguished by various combinations of attributes — occupation , money , manners , education , power , jobs , standard of living , possession of material items .
they are [differentiated] by various combinations of attributes — occupation , money , manners , education , power , jobs , standard of living , possession of material items .

Bernard Fergusson was descended from one of Ayrshire 's oldest and most distinguished families which has produced many eminent men .
bernard fergusson was descended from one of ayrshire 's oldest and most [differentiated] families which has produced many eminent men .

Cnut and Edward the Confessor had competent groups of secular clerks permanently in attendance : the chaplains of Edward formed a large , distinguished and cosmopolitan group .
cnut and edward the confessor had competent groups of secular clerks permanently in attendance : the chaplains of edward formed a large , [differentiated] and cosmopolitan group .

Distinguished examples would include Nicholas Tucker , whose The child and the book ( 1981 ) is both theoretically sound and practically convincing , and the books of the New-Zealander , Dorothy Butler , Babies need books ( 1980 ) and Five to eight ( 1986 ) .
[differentiated] examples would include nicholas tucker , whose the child and the book ( 1981 ) is both theoretically sound and practically convincing , and the books of the new-zealander , dorothy butler , babies need books ( 1980 ) and five to eight ( 1986 ) .

In contrast , a distinguished American book illustrator , Uri Shulevitz , gives considerable attention to readability in his study Writing with pictures ( 1985 ) .
in contrast , a [differentiated] american book illustrator , uri shulevitz , gives considerable attention to readability in his study writing with pictures ( 1985 ) .

It may be distinguished from this kind of guidance from another American source : ‘ Separate any group of offending youths , dealing with them on a one-to-one … basis ’ ( Grotophorst , 1979 , pp.349–50 ) .
it may be [differentiated] from this kind of guidance from another american source : ‘ separate any group of offending youths , dealing with them on a one-to-one … basis ’ ( grotophorst , 1979 , pp.349–50 ) .

The term ‘ special children ’ immediately brings to mind certain groups of children : those with limited or no sight who can be provided with materials in an appropriate form — books in large print , books to be read with trained finger-tips , books to be heard ; those with hearing impairment who can fully utilize print and picture materials but who may not be given access to music ( the value of such access is demonstrated by the career of the distinguished percussionist Evelyn Glennie ) .
the term ‘ special children ’ immediately brings to mind certain groups of children : those with limited or no sight who can be provided with materials in an appropriate form — books in large print , books to be read with trained finger-tips , books to be heard ; those with hearing impairment who can fully utilize print and picture materials but who may not be given access to music ( the value of such access is demonstrated by the career of the [differentiated] percussionist evelyn glennie ) .

His scheme attracted the support of many distinguished figures including Isambard Kingdom Brunel and Robert Stephenson .
his scheme attracted the support of many [differentiated] figures including isambard kingdom brunel and robert stephenson .

As far as the constant and variable capital is concerned the values which are replaced — — are clearly distinguished from the increments and , and these latter represent additional values and use-values .
as far as the constant and variable capital is concerned the values which are replaced — — are clearly [differentiated] from the increments and , and these latter represent additional values and use-values .

Sweezy resolved this problem by the introduction of further algebraic notations which distinguished between unproductive consumption of the level pertaining to the previous production period and that which is additional , new , unproductive consumption .
sweezy resolved this problem by the introduction of further algebraic notations which [differentiated] between unproductive consumption of the level pertaining to the previous production period and that which is additional , new , unproductive consumption .

As we have seen previously , Bukharin distinguished between arithmetical sums and what he called ‘ real aggregates ’ , or perhaps what we might call totalities .
as we have seen previously , bukharin [differentiated] between arithmetical sums and what he called ‘ real aggregates ’ , or perhaps what we might call totalities .

Within the confines of capitalism three fundamental models of these relations can be distinguished : the first is that of the most backward semi-feudal agricultural economy with its pauper peasants , rack-rents , ruthless exploitation of the peasantry and the weak capacity of the home market .
within the confines of capitalism three fundamental models of these relations can be [differentiated] : the first is that of the most backward semi-feudal agricultural economy with its pauper peasants , rack-rents , ruthless exploitation of the peasantry and the weak capacity of the home market .

One of our most distinguished lepidopterists , she reflects with pleasure that the butterfly has been ‘ in many lands at different times … a symbol of the soul ’ .
one of our most [differentiated] lepidopterists , she reflects with pleasure that the butterfly has been ‘ in many lands at different times … a symbol of the soul ’ .

In Borodin 's Overture to Prince Igor the orchestra established themselves convincingly with secure intonation and ensemble and some distinguished solo wind playing .
in borodin 's overture to prince igor the orchestra established themselves convincingly with secure intonation and ensemble and some [differentiated] solo wind playing .

At this time , the earl , must have been nearing the end of his distinguished career .
at this time , the earl , must have been nearing the end of his [differentiated] career .

Building on investigations by Reginald Allender Smith , who had detected what he felt were underground streams crossing beneath standing stones , Guy Underwood distinguished three types of dowsable line in the landscape : ‘ water-lines ’ , ‘ track-lines ’ and ‘ aquastats ’ .
building on investigations by reginald allender smith , who had detected what he felt were underground streams crossing beneath standing stones , guy underwood [differentiated] three types of dowsable line in the landscape : ‘ water-lines ’ , ‘ track-lines ’ and ‘ aquastats ’ .

Which role , with respect to the composer , does Alfred Brendell fulfil ? Julian Haylock talks to the distinguished pianist .
which role , with respect to the composer , does alfred brendell fulfil ? julian haylock talks to the [differentiated] pianist .

The performances too are most distinguished .
the performances too are most [differentiated] .

With distinguished complete sets of these pieces from Daniel Barenboim and Livia Rev , this new recording from Chandos is up against tough competition .
with [differentiated] complete sets of these pieces from daniel barenboim and livia rev , this new recording from chandos is up against tough competition .

Unlike some of his most distinguished contemporaries , the conductor Wilhelm Furtwängler is reputed to have found the whole process of recording totally congenial , offering the possibility to refine interpretations in a manner which was not always possible in the white-heat surroundings of the concert hall .
unlike some of his most [differentiated] contemporaries , the conductor wilhelm furtwängler is reputed to have found the whole process of recording totally congenial , offering the possibility to refine interpretations in a manner which was not always possible in the white-heat surroundings of the concert hall .

Covalent graphite compounds ( eg graphite fluoride and graphite oxide ) should be distinguished from graphite intercalation compounds in which layers of the intercalated substance are inserted between planar carbon sheets of the graphite structure with concomitant charge transfer .
covalent graphite compounds ( eg graphite fluoride and graphite oxide ) should be [differentiated] from graphite intercalation compounds in which layers of the intercalated substance are inserted between planar carbon sheets of the graphite structure with concomitant charge transfer .

What distinguished Alexander Ferguson from the rest of his fellow men was his exceptional ability as a swimmer .
what [differentiated] alexander ferguson from the rest of his fellow men was his exceptional ability as a swimmer .

Accordingly , such events have brought many internationally acclaimed and distinguished artists to the province to perform and to demonstrate their art through masterclasses .
accordingly , such events have brought many internationally acclaimed and [differentiated] artists to the province to perform and to demonstrate their art through masterclasses .

Types of learning are distinguished , and are arranged in an hierarchical way so that earlier types are necessary conditions for later types of learning .
types of learning are [differentiated] , and are arranged in an hierarchical way so that earlier types are necessary conditions for later types of learning .

Accordingly , such events have brought many internationally acclaimed and distinguished artists to the province to perform and to demonstrate their art through master classes .
accordingly , such events have brought many internationally acclaimed and [differentiated] artists to the province to perform and to demonstrate their art through master classes .

Distinguished visiting tutors give tutorials and masterclasses , and there is a busy lunchtime and evening concert programme with opportunities for solo and group performance .
[differentiated] visiting tutors give tutorials and masterclasses , and there is a busy lunchtime and evening concert programme with opportunities for solo and group performance .

She inaugurated the practice outfit that distinguished them in press photos — black pants , white blouse , ankle socks and the black bow tie that they were so nervous of mislaying .
she inaugurated the practice outfit that [differentiated] them in press photos — black pants , white blouse , ankle socks and the black bow tie that they were so nervous of mislaying .

Yates , of Liverpool , and therefore at leisure to pursue his own employment of measuring and planning estates … His terms of land survey and planning are : Estate measuring and mapping 1/ per square acre , measuring land for the content only , six pence per statute acre ; for finishing any old plan of estate in the new method , six pence per statute acre , and six pence for every mile the estate lies distant from Manchester ( as it is necessary to inspect every field , as plowed , pasture , and meadow are differently distinguished , as likewise the fences , whether hedges , walls , cops , dykes , or pales , as likewise hilly ground , etc .
yates , of liverpool , and therefore at leisure to pursue his own employment of measuring and planning estates … his terms of land survey and planning are : estate measuring and mapping 1/ per square acre , measuring land for the content only , six pence per statute acre ; for finishing any old plan of estate in the new method , six pence per statute acre , and six pence for every mile the estate lies distant from manchester ( as it is necessary to inspect every field , as plowed , pasture , and meadow are differently [differentiated] , as likewise the fences , whether hedges , walls , cops , dykes , or pales , as likewise hilly ground , etc .

Many factors are at work : physique , training , careful preparation months before in the Vuelta d'Espana or the Giro d'Italia ( rarely both ) , self-knowledge , confidence , the constant assistance of domestiques and then more distinguished teammates .
many factors are at work : physique , training , careful preparation months before in the vuelta d'espana or the giro d'italia ( rarely both ) , self-knowledge , confidence , the constant assistance of domestiques and then more [differentiated] teammates .

Also , the salesmen distinguished between those on their rounds who should not be fiddled ( such as disabled people , ex-salesmen ) and those who qualified as ‘ fair game ’ .
also , the salesmen [differentiated] between those on their rounds who should not be fiddled ( such as disabled people , ex-salesmen ) and those who qualified as ‘ fair game ’ .

From time to time persons distinguished in the fields of making war , healing , diplomacy , or mere grace in the sight of kings , have been granted augmentations to their armorial bearings ; and the discovery of , and comment on , these can — where they are relevant — make a small but useful contribution to the rounding out of a local history .
from time to time persons [differentiated] in the fields of making war , healing , diplomacy , or mere grace in the sight of kings , have been granted augmentations to their armorial bearings ; and the discovery of , and comment on , these can — where they are relevant — make a small but useful contribution to the rounding out of a local history .

The personal papers of a number of distinguished sailors are held , and there are thousands of historic photographs .
the personal papers of a number of [differentiated] sailors are held , and there are thousands of historic photographs .

On occasion , distinguished local people such as Lord Brooks were landlords , at other times the owners were quite remote and took little interest in their holdings .
on occasion , [differentiated] local people such as lord brooks were landlords , at other times the owners were quite remote and took little interest in their holdings .

He was a burly man of average height , white-haired and distinguished looking .
he was a burly man of average height , white-haired and [differentiated] looking .

By making comparisons with this base , quantitative estimates of the causal effect of one variable on another can be made , and positive and negative relationships between nominal level variables can be distinguished , as we shall see shortly .
by making comparisons with this base , quantitative estimates of the causal effect of one variable on another can be made , and positive and negative relationships between nominal level variables can be [differentiated] , as we shall see shortly .

‘ At Genoa , the blessed Catherine , widow , distinguished by her contempt of the world and love of God — it was now , on this canonization day , two hundred and sixteen years since Catherine Fiesca Adorna , that keen and ardent spirit , had flown to God her love . ’
‘ at genoa , the blessed catherine , widow , [differentiated] by her contempt of the world and love of god — it was now , on this canonization day , two hundred and sixteen years since catherine fiesca adorna , that keen and ardent spirit , had flown to god her love . ’

Hammond , who had been in the Foreign Office since 1824 after a distinguished academic career at Oxford , was considered to be ‘ sharp and a glutton at work ’ , and emerges as a powerful figure who over nearly twenty years as the permanent head of the Office brought nearly every aspect of its work under his personal control .
hammond , who had been in the foreign office since 1824 after a [differentiated] academic career at oxford , was considered to be ‘ sharp and a glutton at work ’ , and emerges as a powerful figure who over nearly twenty years as the permanent head of the office brought nearly every aspect of its work under his personal control .

It perhaps is typical of his approach that he held lavish dinner-parties at his home for the Ecclesiological Society , to which distinguished architects were invited .
it perhaps is typical of his approach that he held lavish dinner-parties at his home for the ecclesiological society , to which [differentiated] architects were invited .

It stated that Scott , who ‘ has fairly earned the most distinguished place in the late competition ’ , should receive the commission , or the fourteen office prize-winners should compete against themselves .
it stated that scott , who ‘ has fairly earned the most [differentiated] place in the late competition ’ , should receive the commission , or the fourteen office prize-winners should compete against themselves .

If the House reversed the Government 's decision to employ Scott , it would be a great injury ‘ to a most distinguished man ’ and a ridiculous situation would arise , with the India Office being built in one style , paid out of Indian funds , and the Foreign Office being built in another style .
if the house reversed the government 's decision to employ scott , it would be a great injury ‘ to a most [differentiated] man ’ and a ridiculous situation would arise , with the india office being built in one style , paid out of indian funds , and the foreign office being built in another style .

Scott , it declared , ‘ wants a tight rein , and we hope to see it in Lord Palmerston 's hand ’ , but he should resign rather than undertake work in any other than that in which he has distinguished himself .
scott , it declared , ‘ wants a tight rein , and we hope to see it in lord palmerston 's hand ’ , but he should resign rather than undertake work in any other than that in which he has [differentiated] himself .

Organically grown produce is packaged so that it can be identified and so that it may be distinguished from other produce .
organically grown produce is packaged so that it can be identified and so that it may be [differentiated] from other produce .

In four classrooms , distinguished by an activity-center curriculum offering opportunities for individual choice , small-group work , and literacy experiences responsive to children ’ s interests , boys reported strong liking for school .
in four classrooms , [differentiated] by an activity-center curriculum offering opportunities for individual choice , small-group work , and literacy experiences responsive to children ’ s interests , boys reported strong liking for school .

Chicano and Chicana artists turned to symbols that portrayed the traditions of Chicanos , traditions that distinguished them from mainstream American culture .
chicano and chicana artists turned to symbols that portrayed the traditions of chicanos , traditions that [differentiated] them from mainstream american culture .

Reasoning like Orestes Brownson or Frances Lieber , Justice Harlan distinguished clearly between the nation and the federal or national government .
reasoning like orestes brownson or frances lieber , justice harlan [differentiated] clearly between the nation and the federal or national government .

As the distinguished German constitutional law scholar and philosopher of the Weimar period Gerhard Leibholz pointed out , the Western theory of equality has united two distinct strains of thought.16 The first is the Aristotelian principle , which grounds the virtue of equal treatment in the affective bonds of friendship or , by extrapolation , in the ties of nationhood .
as the [differentiated] german constitutional law scholar and philosopher of the weimar period gerhard leibholz pointed out , the western theory of equality has united two distinct strains of thought.16 the first is the aristotelian principle , which grounds the virtue of equal treatment in the affective bonds of friendship or , by extrapolation , in the ties of nationhood .

Regions of the universe must be distinguished ( by what or whom ? )
regions of the universe must be [differentiated] ( by what or whom ? )

The fakes are best distinguished from the genuine articles by how low a price you can get .
the fakes are best [differentiated] from the genuine articles by how low a price you can get .

A block east is the distinguished Museo Arqueológico ( c/ Serrano , 13 ) .
a block east is the [differentiated] museo arqueológico ( c/ serrano , 13 ) .

Dalemain Country House This distinguished house is remarkable for its longevity and conglomeration of architectural styles .
dalemain country house this [differentiated] house is remarkable for its longevity and conglomeration of architectural styles .

The heart of the city is Konak Meydanı , a busy pedestrian square distinguished by two famous monuments .
the heart of the city is konak meydanı , a busy pedestrian square [differentiated] by two famous monuments .

In recent years a gleaming new high-rise zona turista has sprung up to confront the old-world hotels and distinguished quintas ( rural estates ) of Madeira ’ s more peaceful past .
in recent years a gleaming new high-rise zona turista has sprung up to confront the old-world hotels and [differentiated] quintas ( rural estates ) of madeira ’ s more peaceful past .

There are thousands of Inari shrines throughout Japan , distinguished by a pair of foxes standing guard .
there are thousands of inari shrines throughout japan , [differentiated] by a pair of foxes standing guard .

This most faithful lieutenant of the Tokugawa clan distinguished himself by planting the cedar forest around the shoguns ’ mausoleums at Nikko .
this most faithful lieutenant of the tokugawa clan [differentiated] himself by planting the cedar forest around the shoguns ’ mausoleums at nikko .

The grapes that qualify as Chianti Classico , distinguished by a coveted black rooster label , grow in the region between Florence and Siena , most of them along the ancient Via Chiantigiana , which is route S222 .
the grapes that qualify as chianti classico , [differentiated] by a coveted black rooster label , grow in the region between florence and siena , most of them along the ancient via chiantigiana , which is route s222 .

Crafts : The most distinguished place for modern Irish crafts and jewelry is DesignYard on Essex Street in Temple Bar — everything here is of high quality .
crafts : the most [differentiated] place for modern irish crafts and jewelry is designyard on essex street in temple bar — everything here is of high quality .

King Manuel I donated the statue of the Virgin ( over the altar ) and the distinguished church portal .
king manuel i donated the statue of the virgin ( over the altar ) and the [differentiated] church portal .

Distinguished from others by the harmonious simplicity of its rib-vaulted nave , St. Francis of Assisi is the oldest church still standing in Velha Goa , perhaps dating as far back as 1521 .
[differentiated] from others by the harmonious simplicity of its rib-vaulted nave , st. francis of assisi is the oldest church still standing in velha goa , perhaps dating as far back as 1521 .

Modern Times As mainland Portugal lurched into a political and economic crisis that would bring down the country ’ s republican government , many miles away Madeira was busy looking after distinguished visitors and its developing tourist trade .
modern times as mainland portugal lurched into a political and economic crisis that would bring down the country ’ s republican government , many miles away madeira was busy looking after [differentiated] visitors and its developing tourist trade .

Down the coast is the attractive beach at Cala Presili and , inland , S ’ Albufera , a wetlands nature reserve distinguished by a freshwater lake , migrant birds , and sand dunes .
down the coast is the attractive beach at cala presili and , inland , s ’ albufera , a wetlands nature reserve [differentiated] by a freshwater lake , migrant birds , and sand dunes .

These migrants , who later settled throughout the Japanese archipelago , were the ancestors of the present-day Ainu , whose Caucasoid facial and body hair distinguished them from subsequent immigrants from China , Manchuria , Korea , and perhaps the Malay Peninsula .
these migrants , who later settled throughout the japanese archipelago , were the ancestors of the present-day ainu , whose caucasoid facial and body hair [differentiated] them from subsequent immigrants from china , manchuria , korea , and perhaps the malay peninsula .

Although there are no reliable accounts of this period , third-century Chinese documents speak of a Japanese priestess-queen , Himiko , ruling over a land of law-abiding people who enjoyed alcohol and were divided into classes distinguished by tattoo marks .
although there are no reliable accounts of this period , third-century chinese documents speak of a japanese priestess-queen , himiko , ruling over a land of law-abiding people who enjoyed alcohol and were divided into classes [differentiated] by tattoo marks .

It chronicles the story of some of the distinguished Protestants influential in the history of this predominantly Catholic country .
it chronicles the story of some of the [differentiated] protestants influential in the history of this predominantly catholic country .

Many shops are housed in distinguished buildings in the heart of the old town .
many shops are housed in [differentiated] buildings in the heart of the old town .

With more careful Allied planning a year later , Canadians played a distinguished role in the Sicily landings and Italy campaign , as well as the D-Day invasion of Normandy in 1944 .
with more careful allied planning a year later , canadians played a [differentiated] role in the sicily landings and italy campaign , as well as the d-day invasion of normandy in 1944 .

Nanjing ’ s distinguished history as a political and cultural center accounts for its considerable local pride .
nanjing ’ s [differentiated] history as a political and cultural center accounts for its considerable local pride .

Nearby , at Hanseatenweg 10 , the Akademie der Künste ( Arts Academy ) , distinguished by the splendid Henry Moore sculpture outside , holds concerts , plays , and exhibitions of avant-garde art .
nearby , at hanseatenweg 10 , the akademie der künste ( arts academy ) , [differentiated] by the splendid henry moore sculpture outside , holds concerts , plays , and exhibitions of avant-garde art .

The Maison Papineau ( Number 440 ) , distinguished by its double row of gabled garrets in the roof , dates back to 1785 .
the maison papineau ( number 440 ) , [differentiated] by its double row of gabled garrets in the roof , dates back to 1785 .

Distinguished three-story , late 18th-century houses line the square , and orange trees soften the edges , adding color and scent .
[differentiated] three-story , late 18th-century houses line the square , and orange trees soften the edges , adding color and scent .

A Renaissance portal , a distinguished later addition , opens onto spacious courtyards where horseshoe arches , Arabic inscriptions , and distinctive tile ornaments indicate the Moorish origins of this grand building .
a renaissance portal , a [differentiated] later addition , opens onto spacious courtyards where horseshoe arches , arabic inscriptions , and distinctive tile ornaments indicate the moorish origins of this grand building .

In addition to the expected numerous churches , palaces , and mansions , look especially for the Andalucían Flamenco Center in the distinguished Pemartín Palace and the striking Clock Museum in its own delightful gardens .
in addition to the expected numerous churches , palaces , and mansions , look especially for the andalucían flamenco center in the [differentiated] pemartín palace and the striking clock museum in its own delightful gardens .

The Ida Mountains ( also known as the Psilorítis range ) dominate central Crete , rising steeply from the coastal plain and crowned by Mount Ida itself , measuring a distinguished 2,456 m ( 8,058 ft ) .
the ida mountains ( also known as the psilorítis range ) dominate central crete , rising steeply from the coastal plain and crowned by mount ida itself , measuring a [differentiated] 2,456 m ( 8,058 ft ) .

PP & E included in weapons systems are distinguished from general property , plant , and equipment held by defense agencies and defense support agencies in that they are intended to be used directly by the armed forces to carry out combat missions , when necessary , and to train in peacetime .
pp & e included in weapons systems are [differentiated] from general property , plant , and equipment held by defense agencies and defense support agencies in that they are intended to be used directly by the armed forces to carry out combat missions , when necessary , and to train in peacetime .

RESPONSIBILITY SEGMENT - A significant organizational , operational , functional , or process component which has the following characteristics : ( a ) its manager reports to the entity 's top management ; ( b ) it is responsible for carrying out a mission , performing a line of activities or services , or producing one or a group of products ; and ( c ) for financial reporting and cost management purposes , its resources and results of operations can be clearly distinguished , physically and operationally , from those of other segments of the entity .
responsibility segment - a significant organizational , operational , functional , or process component which has the following characteristics : ( a ) its manager reports to the entity 's top management ; ( b ) it is responsible for carrying out a mission , performing a line of activities or services , or producing one or a group of products ; and ( c ) for financial reporting and cost management purposes , its resources and results of operations can be clearly [differentiated] , physically and operationally , from those of other segments of the entity .

Problems are distinguished from failures of code , which represent defects discovered during operation .
problems are [differentiated] from failures of code , which represent defects discovered during operation .

In this example , three levels of priority are distinguished for reported problems .
in this example , three levels of priority are [differentiated] for reported problems .

The case study method is further distinguished by the researcher 's self-conscious effort to understand what the observed events mean to the participants .
the case study method is further [differentiated] by the researcher 's self-conscious effort to understand what the observed events mean to the participants .

Professor Cleveland 's distinguished career includes experience working with refugee issues , human rights , and legal services .
professor cleveland 's [differentiated] career includes experience working with refugee issues , human rights , and legal services .

I take heart from a friend , a very distinguished scientist , who states that the price for having spent a lifetime in cutting-edge research is that 99 % of his ( and other scientists ' ) research is wrong—perhaps not completely wrong , but certainly wrong in the details .
i take heart from a friend , a very [differentiated] scientist , who states that the price for having spent a lifetime in cutting-edge research is that 99 % of his ( and other scientists ' ) research is wrong—perhaps not completely wrong , but certainly wrong in the details .

In the case of ambiguities , relevant findings have to be distinguished from other findings—a process referred to as disambiguation .
in the case of ambiguities , relevant findings have to be [differentiated] from other findings—a process referred to as disambiguation .

Two prominent theories—sympathetic resonance , proposed by Hermann Helmholtz ( 1885 ) , and travelling waves , proposed by Georg von Békésy ( 1960 ) —need to be distinguished ( Figure 1 ) .
two prominent theories—sympathetic resonance , proposed by hermann helmholtz ( 1885 ) , and travelling waves , proposed by georg von békésy ( 1960 ) —need to be [differentiated] ( figure 1 ) .

Furthermore , we compared the lung lymphocyte CCR5 and CXCR3 profiles among the eight participants with emphysema alone ( lung volume reduction surgery for emphysema ; non-cancer ) and ten participants with emphysema and accompanying cancer ( lung resection for treatment of small peripheral cancer ) , and found that these two groups can not be distinguished based on these indices ( Figure 1D ; data not shown ) .
furthermore , we compared the lung lymphocyte ccr5 and cxcr3 profiles among the eight participants with emphysema alone ( lung volume reduction surgery for emphysema ; non-cancer ) and ten participants with emphysema and accompanying cancer ( lung resection for treatment of small peripheral cancer ) , and found that these two groups can not be [differentiated] based on these indices ( figure 1d ; data not shown ) .

Based upon histochemical staining ( Engel 1962 ) , muscle fibers are now commonly distinguished as slow-twitch ( ST ) , which stain dark or red , and fast-twitch ( FT ) , which stain light or pale .
based upon histochemical staining ( engel 1962 ) , muscle fibers are now commonly [differentiated] as slow-twitch ( st ) , which stain dark or red , and fast-twitch ( ft ) , which stain light or pale .

Taste is the sense by which the chemical qualities of food in the mouth are distinguished by the brain , based on information provided by the taste buds .
taste is the sense by which the chemical qualities of food in the mouth are [differentiated] by the brain , based on information provided by the taste buds .

Each essay is followed by a short commentary by another distinguished author .
each essay is followed by a short commentary by another [differentiated] author .

Introduction In 1962 , Norman Stoll , the distinguished Rockefeller Institute scientist who helped to establish human parasitology research in North America , described the unique health impact of hookworm as follows [ 1 ] : As it was when I first saw it , so it is now , one of the most evil of infections .
introduction in 1962 , norman stoll , the [differentiated] rockefeller institute scientist who helped to establish human parasitology research in north america , described the unique health impact of hookworm as follows [ 1 ] : as it was when i first saw it , so it is now , one of the most evil of infections .

Visit status distinguished first-time visits from return visits to a practice .
visit status [differentiated] first-time visits from return visits to a practice .

Held on a single day in the basement auditorium of the Berkeley Art Museum at the University of California at Berkeley , it brought together a typically motley collection of intellectuals who would willingly give over a sunny Saturday to an opportunity to learn from a panel of distinguished speakers .
held on a single day in the basement auditorium of the berkeley art museum at the university of california at berkeley , it brought together a typically motley collection of intellectuals who would willingly give over a sunny saturday to an opportunity to learn from a panel of [differentiated] speakers .

In 1990 the Program established the Elton T. Ridley Distinguished Service Award .
in 1990 the program established the elton t. ridley [differentiated] service award .

Let me share with you some recent exciting achievements at SPEA : -A 25 % increase in credit hours for fall , 1992 ; -The new Nonprofit Management Concentration in the MPA program , a joint venture with the IU Center on Philanthropy ; -The new Masters in Planning degree ; -The new Center for Urban Policy and the Environment funded by a $ 8.6 million grant from Lilly Endowment Inc. We look toward a bright and distinguished future .
let me share with you some recent exciting achievements at spea : -a 25 % increase in credit hours for fall , 1992 ; -the new nonprofit management concentration in the mpa program , a joint venture with the iu center on philanthropy ; -the new masters in planning degree ; -the new center for urban policy and the environment funded by a $ 8.6 million grant from lilly endowment inc. we look toward a bright and [differentiated] future .

November 19 , 1990 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name : The law school 's 5,539 alumni form a distinguished group .
november 19 , 1990 name address city , st zip dear name : the law school 's 5,539 alumni form a [differentiated] group .

State appropriations alone are not sufficient to fund all of our faculty research , library acquisitions and services , professional skills programs such as Moot Court and our Civil Practice and Criminal Defense Clinics , or lecture programs such as the Distinguished Jurist in Residence .
state appropriations alone are not sufficient to fund all of our faculty research , library acquisitions and services , professional skills programs such as moot court and our civil practice and criminal defense clinics , or lecture programs such as the [differentiated] jurist in residence .

June 30 , 1992 Name Address City , ST Zip Dear Name : The law school 's 5,900 alumni are a distinguished group .
june 30 , 1992 name address city , st zip dear name : the law school 's 5,900 alumni are a [differentiated] group .

We look toward a bright and even more distinguished future .
we look toward a bright and even more [differentiated] future .

The campaign will support scholarships and distinguished professorships ... new and creative research ... special assistance to minorities ... new and renovated laboratories ... increased library acquisitions ... state-of-the-art telecommunications ... and more .
the campaign will support scholarships and [differentiated] professorships ... new and creative research ... special assistance to minorities ... new and renovated laboratories ... increased library acquisitions ... state-of-the-art telecommunications ... and more .

SPEA has an impressive and dedicated faculty that includes inspiring teachers and distinguished scholars who are contributing to the solutions of some of our most difficult public policy and public management problems , including those concerning health , the environment , and criminal justice ; it is attracting a diverse , capable group of students ; and its graduates are making contributions in a wide range of challenging positions in the public , private , and non-profit sectors .
spea has an impressive and dedicated faculty that includes inspiring teachers and [differentiated] scholars who are contributing to the solutions of some of our most difficult public policy and public management problems , including those concerning health , the environment , and criminal justice ; it is attracting a diverse , capable group of students ; and its graduates are making contributions in a wide range of challenging positions in the public , private , and non-profit sectors .

Last year , the Trustees of the Indiana Dental Association approved a resolution to raise funds to build the endowment to $ 1 million , to fund a distinguished chair at IUSD .
last year , the trustees of the indiana dental association approved a resolution to raise funds to build the endowment to $ 1 million , to fund a [differentiated] chair at iusd .

The Indiana Dental Association Distinguished Chair will represent the first state dental association in the country to complete such a commitment to its dental school .
the indiana dental association [differentiated] chair will represent the first state dental association in the country to complete such a commitment to its dental school .

Specifically , you will be joining a group of distinguished foundation executives , business leaders , scholars , development professionals and volunteers in the nonprofit sector ... people such as Charles A. Johnson , Vice President for Development of the Lilly Endowment , Hank Rosso , Founding Director of The Fund Raising School , Patricia Lewis , President of the National Society of Fund Raising Executives , and Milt Murray , an extraordinary fund raiser upon whom both The Center and NSFRE have bestowed their highest awards .
specifically , you will be joining a group of [differentiated] foundation executives , business leaders , scholars , development professionals and volunteers in the nonprofit sector ... people such as charles a. johnson , vice president for development of the lilly endowment , hank rosso , founding director of the fund raising school , patricia lewis , president of the national society of fund raising executives , and milt murray , an extraordinary fund raiser upon whom both the center and nsfre have bestowed their highest awards .

What 's more , over 200 professors , lecturers , and other distinguished scholars from around the world participate in Center-sponsored courses , conferences , symposia and research programs designed to enrich our understanding of the vitality of our philanthropic tradition .
what 's more , over 200 professors , lecturers , and other [differentiated] scholars from around the world participate in center-sponsored courses , conferences , symposia and research programs designed to enrich our understanding of the vitality of our philanthropic tradition .

Later in the program , Thomson looks directly at McLaughlin and says , `` Anybody with a temper [ like McCain 's ] should n't have a distinguished position anyhow , '' to which the host gives a knowing smile .
later in the program , thomson looks directly at mclaughlin and says , `` anybody with a temper [ like mccain 's ] should n't have a [differentiated] position anyhow , '' to which the host gives a knowing smile .

Why do n't our distinguished orators turn up as usualto make their speeches , say what they have to say ?
why do n't our [differentiated] orators turn up as usualto make their speeches , say what they have to say ?

Citing `` an informed source '' throughout , the WP lead says that Republican investigator David Schippers ' new impeachment counts against President Clinton will involve accusations of witness tampering , obstruction of justice , and making false statements under oath ( as distinguished from more serious and difficult-to-prove perjury charges ) .
citing `` an informed source '' throughout , the wp lead says that republican investigator david schippers ' new impeachment counts against president clinton will involve accusations of witness tampering , obstruction of justice , and making false statements under oath ( as [differentiated] from more serious and difficult-to-prove perjury charges ) .

Anyway , more fundamental than political correctness is surely the fact that the West has not exactly distinguished itself in this last century of the millennium .
anyway , more fundamental than political correctness is surely the fact that the west has not exactly [differentiated] itself in this last century of the millennium .

I do think it stinks that newspapers own teams that their sports pages have to `` cover , '' or that even the most distinguished papers hold conferences , seminars , and festivals that then tend to get `` covered '' more than events sponsored by others .
i do think it stinks that newspapers own teams that their sports pages have to `` cover , '' or that even the most [differentiated] papers hold conferences , seminars , and festivals that then tend to get `` covered '' more than events sponsored by others .

None of the movie 's distinguished crime honchos -- William Devane , James Coburn , Kris Kristofferson -- can understand why he 's risking his and others ' lives in pursuit of such a paltry sum .
none of the movie 's [differentiated] crime honchos -- william devane , james coburn , kris kristofferson -- can understand why he 's risking his and others ' lives in pursuit of such a paltry sum .

Your theory that Eleanor 's do-goodism is distinguished from Hillary 's by its `` reactive '' nature does n't quite work for me .
your theory that eleanor 's do-goodism is [differentiated] from hillary 's by its `` reactive '' nature does n't quite work for me .

He grew up in a wine drinking area ( Württemberg ) , and he did a stint as a house tutor at Frankfurt 's most distinguished wine merchant .
he grew up in a wine drinking area ( württemberg ) , and he did a stint as a house tutor at frankfurt 's most [differentiated] wine merchant .

I am talking to a distinguished professor of public policy about a foundation grant .
i am talking to a [differentiated] professor of public policy about a foundation grant .

Rorty , who comes from a distinguished family of progressives and anti-communist left intellectuals , ought to know better .
rorty , who comes from a [differentiated] family of progressives and anti-communist left intellectuals , ought to know better .

It was precisely to give witnesses and defendants a way out of the perjury trap that theologians distinguished between a lie and a misleading or equivocal statement .
it was precisely to give witnesses and defendants a way out of the perjury trap that theologians [differentiated] between a lie and a misleading or equivocal statement .

While some pundits lumped Bauer with the winners , others offered him the next best position -- '' leading the rest of the pack '' -- or at least distinguished him from the `` losers . ''
while some pundits lumped bauer with the winners , others offered him the next best position -- '' leading the rest of the pack '' -- or at least [differentiated] him from the `` losers . ''

Even amid this week 's staggering hyperbole , Brinkley 's emotional profligacy has distinguished him .
even amid this week 's staggering hyperbole , brinkley 's emotional profligacy has [differentiated] him .

The elder Bush enlisted in the Navy in 1942 , became the service 's youngest fighter pilot , flew 58 missions in the South Pacific , was shot down over enemy waters , and won the Distinguished Flying Cross .
the elder bush enlisted in the navy in 1942 , became the service 's youngest fighter pilot , flew 58 missions in the south pacific , was shot down over enemy waters , and won the [differentiated] flying cross .

Maybe that is why there have been so few distinguished French economists .
maybe that is why there have been so few [differentiated] french economists .

I do n't think so , unless the person was exceptionally rich or distinguished and so transcended national boundaries .
i do n't think so , unless the person was exceptionally rich or [differentiated] and so transcended national boundaries .

Some very distinguished historians have experimented with doing so in recent years , some with great success .
some very [differentiated] historians have experimented with doing so in recent years , some with great success .

Hatch takes every opportunity to praise his rivals , yielding time to his distinguished colleagues as if they were all in the Senate .
hatch takes every opportunity to praise his rivals , yielding time to his [differentiated] colleagues as if they were all in the senate .

More distinguished authors contribute longer reviews about weightier books .
more [differentiated] authors contribute longer reviews about weightier books .

Perhaps the most admirable is Simon Rattle , who took the insignificant Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and , over a period of 16 years , developed it into a distinguished ensemble .
perhaps the most admirable is simon rattle , who took the insignificant birmingham symphony orchestra and , over a period of 16 years , developed it into a [differentiated] ensemble .

He looks absurdly distinguished -- though his magnificent white mane is starting to thin .
he looks absurdly [differentiated] -- though his magnificent white mane is starting to thin .

They are our equivalent of the Supreme Court and are made up of the country 's most distinguished judges .
they are our equivalent of the supreme court and are made up of the country 's most [differentiated] judges .

As distinguished from medicines that relieve pain or cure illness , many drugs in this category have failed to meet financial expectations .
as [differentiated] from medicines that relieve pain or cure illness , many drugs in this category have failed to meet financial expectations .

In a recent New York Times op-ed essay titled `` No Time for Partisans '' ( not available in the Times Web site free space , unfortunately ) four distinguished Washington figures call for `` responsible leaders on both sides '' to make a deal .
in a recent new york times op-ed essay titled `` no time for partisans '' ( not available in the times web site free space , unfortunately ) four [differentiated] washington figures call for `` responsible leaders on both sides '' to make a deal .

Lord Justice Peter Gibson ruled that these words could never convey that defamatory meaning : `` I could have wished Miss Norman had told the hoary old joke contained in the subject of this libel action as it would have shown that , in addition to possessing the remarkable vocal and dramatic talents which have made her world-famous as a distinguished opera singer , she had an engaging sense of humour .
lord justice peter gibson ruled that these words could never convey that defamatory meaning : `` i could have wished miss norman had told the hoary old joke contained in the subject of this libel action as it would have shown that , in addition to possessing the remarkable vocal and dramatic talents which have made her world-famous as a [differentiated] opera singer , she had an engaging sense of humour .

Rap returns us to the same sprawling prolixity as 1890s ballads -- and 12-verse story songs , whether they 're lilting waltzes or numbingly hard-core , are rarely distinguished as music .
rap returns us to the same sprawling prolixity as 1890s ballads -- and 12-verse story songs , whether they 're lilting waltzes or numbingly hard-core , are rarely [differentiated] as music .

John McCain 's father and grandfather , John Sidney McCain Jr. and Sr. , were distinguished naval officers who rose to become four-star admirals .
john mccain 's father and grandfather , john sidney mccain jr. and sr. , were [differentiated] naval officers who rose to become four-star admirals .

Karmazin 's relentless focus on shareholder value and his essential frugality as an executive have long distinguished him from the media moguls -- like Redstone -- who spent much of the '80s and early '90s borrowing huge sums of money to make questionable acquisitions and engage in hostile takeover battles .
karmazin 's relentless focus on shareholder value and his essential frugality as an executive have long [differentiated] him from the media moguls -- like redstone -- who spent much of the '80s and early '90s borrowing huge sums of money to make questionable acquisitions and engage in hostile takeover battles .

On Sunday a distinguished visitor lambasted a gathering : `` Please join the modern world .
on sunday a [differentiated] visitor lambasted a gathering : `` please join the modern world .

It has come out that Hackworth himself was claiming two military decorations he was n't entitled to claim : a Ranger Tab ( indicating membership in a commando-style Ranger infantry unit ) and a second Distinguished Flying Cross .
it has come out that hackworth himself was claiming two military decorations he was n't entitled to claim : a ranger tab ( indicating membership in a commando-style ranger infantry unit ) and a second [differentiated] flying cross .

Do we really need the distinguished Wall Street Journal editorial page to tell us to hope for the best ?
do we really need the [differentiated] wall street journal editorial page to tell us to hope for the best ?

None of these do it , in the considered opinion of our distinguished panel of judges .
none of these do it , in the considered opinion of our [differentiated] panel of judges .

Ian Paisley , because both are `` distinguished members of the international loony tendency . ''
ian paisley , because both are `` [differentiated] members of the international loony tendency . ''

A man I know , a distinguished professor of philosophy at a distinguished university , has just had his short , light-brown hair dyed platinum blond .
a man i know , a [differentiated] professor of philosophy at a [differentiated] university , has just had his short , light-brown hair dyed platinum blond .

Nothing distresses Johnson , a distinguished journalist , more than the behavior of the liberal American news media , which are described as having abused enormous power in recent years .
nothing distresses johnson , a [differentiated] journalist , more than the behavior of the liberal american news media , which are described as having abused enormous power in recent years .

He bit the head off a streetcar conductor who once charged him two fares thinking the distinguished gentleman was paying for his traveling partner as well .
he bit the head off a streetcar conductor who once charged him two fares thinking the [differentiated] gentleman was paying for his traveling partner as well .

Nash is among the latest in a long and distinguished line of mathematicians -- stretching back to that morbid paranoiac , Isaac Newton -- who have been certifiably insane during parts of their lives .
nash is among the latest in a long and [differentiated] line of mathematicians -- stretching back to that morbid paranoiac , isaac newton -- who have been certifiably insane during parts of their lives .

The magazine was and is serious and fresh and distinguished .
the magazine was and is serious and fresh and [differentiated] .

Lukacs , a distinguished historian of modern Europe , has reflected perceptively in previous books on the Nazi leader 's hypnotic allure .
lukacs , a [differentiated] historian of modern europe , has reflected perceptively in previous books on the nazi leader 's hypnotic allure .

The poetry that he imagines being murmured on the dump -- '' aptest eve , '' `` invisible priest , '' `` stanza my stone '' -- is not in itself distinguished ; by intention , it 's a bit ridiculous .
the poetry that he imagines being murmured on the dump -- '' aptest eve , '' `` invisible priest , '' `` stanza my stone '' -- is not in itself [differentiated] ; by intention , it 's a bit ridiculous .

When the university proposed a temporary solution -- hiring UCLA 's Saul Friedlander , a distinguished elder statesman in the field -- Lipper said no .
when the university proposed a temporary solution -- hiring ucla 's saul friedlander , a [differentiated] elder statesman in the field -- lipper said no .

The plaintiffs claim Penrose 's design is distinguished by its aperiodicity ( the pattern almost but never quite repeats itself ) and its five-fold symmetry ( a trait that at the time was thought not to exist in nature but has since been identified in certain crystal formations ) .
the plaintiffs claim penrose 's design is [differentiated] by its aperiodicity ( the pattern almost but never quite repeats itself ) and its five-fold symmetry ( a trait that at the time was thought not to exist in nature but has since been identified in certain crystal formations ) .

Helprin has an even worse track record than the president when it comes to stretching the truth so fine it ca n't be distinguished from a lie .
helprin has an even worse track record than the president when it comes to stretching the truth so fine it ca n't be [differentiated] from a lie .

Even their lesser films , according to auterist critics , could be distinguished from mere studio hackwork by the reiteration of a unique cinematic vocabulary and by an implicit but unmistakable sense of solitary genius in conflict with bureaucratic philistinism .
even their lesser films , according to auterist critics , could be [differentiated] from mere studio hackwork by the reiteration of a unique cinematic vocabulary and by an implicit but unmistakable sense of solitary genius in conflict with bureaucratic philistinism .

Discussing the ruling on television over the weekend , Klein repeatedly distinguished Microsoft 's `` predatory '' practices from its `` innovations , '' which he praised .
discussing the ruling on television over the weekend , klein repeatedly [differentiated] microsoft 's `` predatory '' practices from its `` innovations , '' which he praised .

This week 's Bill-Bashing from Michael Kelly in his Post column includes the following table of organization for the Clinton White House : There 's `` Robert Bennett , the president 's sexual misconduct mouthpiece , which is a distinguished position .
this week 's bill-bashing from michael kelly in his post column includes the following table of organization for the clinton white house : there 's `` robert bennett , the president 's sexual misconduct mouthpiece , which is a [differentiated] position .

It is distinguished from David Kendall , his personal-finance corruption mouthpiece ; from Lanny Davis , his campaign-finance corruption mouthpiece ; from James Kennedy , his White House general scandal mouthpiece ; from James Carville , his 'independent ' general scandal mouthpiece ; and from Michael McCurry , his do n't ask , do n't tell mouthpiece . ''
it is [differentiated] from david kendall , his personal-finance corruption mouthpiece ; from lanny davis , his campaign-finance corruption mouthpiece ; from james kennedy , his white house general scandal mouthpiece ; from james carville , his 'independent ' general scandal mouthpiece ; and from michael mccurry , his do n't ask , do n't tell mouthpiece . ''

Brady 's studio assistants used vises and braces to keep their subjects still , columns and drapes to make them look distinguished , light and shade to give them depth and stature .
brady 's studio assistants used vises and braces to keep their subjects still , columns and drapes to make them look [differentiated] , light and shade to give them depth and stature .

For instance , when , at the beginning of the film , Harrer and an expedition party leave Austria for the as-yet unscaled Himalayan mountain Nanga Parbat , a journalist calls Harrer `` a distinguished member of the National Socialist Party . ''
for instance , when , at the beginning of the film , harrer and an expedition party leave austria for the as-yet unscaled himalayan mountain nanga parbat , a journalist calls harrer `` a [differentiated] member of the national socialist party . ''

In a park in Vienna , he tried to explain it to a `` distinguished international trade theorist '' from Norway , who was baffled .
in a park in vienna , he tried to explain it to a `` [differentiated] international trade theorist '' from norway , who was baffled .

Where Archers suggests the light-footed world of dreams , the grotesque mask situated among the Ideal Heads in the first room -- its headdress borrowed , it seems , from the Statue of Liberty -- evokes an earthbound world where the human and animal realms are not easily distinguished .
where archers suggests the light-footed world of dreams , the grotesque mask situated among the ideal heads in the first room -- its headdress borrowed , it seems , from the statue of liberty -- evokes an earthbound world where the human and animal realms are not easily [differentiated] .

NEH-supported exhibitions were distinguished by their elaborate wall panels -- educational maps , photomurals , stenciled treatises -- which competed with the objects themselves for space and attention .
neh-supported exhibitions were [differentiated] by their elaborate wall panels -- educational maps , photomurals , stenciled treatises -- which competed with the objects themselves for space and attention .

Of course , not every member of a distinguished family is equally appealing .
of course , not every member of a [differentiated] family is equally appealing .

The most distinguished Irish historian alive , Foster floods his Yeats with historical detail .
the most [differentiated] irish historian alive , foster floods his yeats with historical detail .

Höch and her then lover Raoul Hausmann formed one branch of the Berlin Dada group , which came to appear the more aesthetic one , as distinguished from the more political wing represented by John Heartfield and George Grosz .
höch and her then lover raoul hausmann formed one branch of the berlin dada group , which came to appear the more aesthetic one , as [differentiated] from the more political wing represented by john heartfield and george grosz .

Almost without exception , when corporations have tried to reinvent themselves as more sophisticated and complex entities , they have chosen names distinguished only by their obliqueness and lack of intuitive appeal .
almost without exception , when corporations have tried to reinvent themselves as more sophisticated and complex entities , they have chosen names [differentiated] only by their obliqueness and lack of intuitive appeal .

Richard Posner is a far more distinguished jurist than Thomas Penfield Jackson , who chose him last week to mediate -- or attempt to mediate -- a settlement in the Microsoft case .
richard posner is a far more [differentiated] jurist than thomas penfield jackson , who chose him last week to mediate -- or attempt to mediate -- a settlement in the microsoft case .

In the past year , Science and Nature , the two most distinguished scientific journals , have published three major papers suggesting that the causative agents of these diseases are not prions , and that Prusiner 's 15 years of prion research is simply wrong .
in the past year , science and nature , the two most [differentiated] scientific journals , have published three major papers suggesting that the causative agents of these diseases are not prions , and that prusiner 's 15 years of prion research is simply wrong .

Who among us did n't chuckle when he introduced the prime minister of Pakistan to the Senate as `` the distinguished prime minister of India '' ?
who among us did n't chuckle when he introduced the prime minister of pakistan to the senate as `` the [differentiated] prime minister of india '' ?

B. Yihoshua , a distinguished Israeli author and sometime political commentator , wrote Monday in the Israeli daily Yediot Aharanot .
b. yihoshua , a [differentiated] israeli author and sometime political commentator , wrote monday in the israeli daily yediot aharanot .

On Broadway , where distinguished American writers complain that it 's nearly impossible to get their plays produced , the British dramatist David Hare has opened no fewer than four in the past 12 months .
on broadway , where [differentiated] american writers complain that it 's nearly impossible to get their plays produced , the british dramatist david hare has opened no fewer than four in the past 12 months .

Although highly unlikely , it 's possible , we suppose , that all these distinguished publications repeatedly misheard the same individual in the same way , although he has no speech impediment that we know of .
although highly unlikely , it 's possible , we suppose , that all these [differentiated] publications repeatedly misheard the same individual in the same way , although he has no speech impediment that we know of .

This is the Torch , remember -- who , in just a couple of months , has distinguished himself as the member of the upper chamber most in love with the sound of his own voice .
this is the torch , remember -- who , in just a couple of months , has [differentiated] himself as the member of the upper chamber most in love with the sound of his own voice .

Sadly , this is not the great Stravinksy-Diaghilev collaboration , but a less distinguished ballet choreographed by Jesse Helms .
sadly , this is not the great stravinksy-diaghilev collaboration , but a less [differentiated] ballet choreographed by jesse helms .

As percussive storm clouds gather , distinguished artists like Ron Silver and Whoopi Goldberg swoosh in to defend the agency .
as percussive storm clouds gather , [differentiated] artists like ron silver and whoopi goldberg swoosh in to defend the agency .

If I want to spend my salary on an ad saying that Alfonse D'Amato is a distinguished statesman and a much underrated thinker , I 'm free to do so .
if i want to spend my salary on an ad saying that alfonse d'amato is a [differentiated] statesman and a much underrated thinker , i 'm free to do so .

Its hallways are cluttered with endowed chairs , visiting fellows , and distinguished scholars .
its hallways are cluttered with endowed chairs , visiting fellows , and [differentiated] scholars .

The author is Alexander Chancellor , a distinguished columnist for the Guardian of London and former editor of the Spectator .
the author is alexander chancellor , a [differentiated] columnist for the guardian of london and former editor of the spectator .

The Washington Post , while recalling the drug-induced premature deaths of fellow former Saturday Night Live stars John Belushi and Chris Farley , distinguished Hartman as well-liked and emotionally stable .
the washington post , while recalling the drug-induced premature deaths of fellow former saturday night live stars john belushi and chris farley , [differentiated] hartman as well-liked and emotionally stable .

Some years ago I shouldered the rewarding ( and not very exacting ) task of editing some articles by Bernard Lewis , distinguished scholar of the Arab world .
some years ago i shouldered the rewarding ( and not very exacting ) task of editing some articles by bernard lewis , [differentiated] scholar of the arab world .

Gilmore , a brilliant tenor saxophonist who influenced Coltrane and played with both Blakey and Miles Davis , gave up what was bound to be a distinguished solo career to play with Sun Ra for four decades .
gilmore , a brilliant tenor saxophonist who influenced coltrane and played with both blakey and miles davis , gave up what was bound to be a [differentiated] solo career to play with sun ra for four decades .

The idea that value may decrease as a result of the very efforts made to increase it is an essential part of human experience , and it will ensure value-subtraction -- in its value-added sense -- a long and distinguished career .
the idea that value may decrease as a result of the very efforts made to increase it is an essential part of human experience , and it will ensure value-subtraction -- in its value-added sense -- a long and [differentiated] career .

He did provide a blurb , as did seven other distinguished academics , including the Holocaust experts Raul Hilberg and Christopher Browning , the French Jewish intellectual Pierre Vidal-Naquet , and the eminent Marxist historian Eric Hobsbawm .
he did provide a blurb , as did seven other [differentiated] academics , including the holocaust experts raul hilberg and christopher browning , the french jewish intellectual pierre vidal-naquet , and the eminent marxist historian eric hobsbawm .

As a tribute to Mr. Eiger 's achievement , and to the distinguished reportage today ranked -- by Dorothy Rabinowitz and several other New York University judges -- as the 100 best works of 20 th century journalism , Chatterbox offers the following anagrams for `` Harvest of Shame , '' CBS 's justly celebrated 1960 documentary on migrant workers ( anagrams courtesy of Anagram Genius ) :
as a tribute to mr. eiger 's achievement , and to the [differentiated] reportage today ranked -- by dorothy rabinowitz and several other new york university judges -- as the 100 best works of 20 th century journalism , chatterbox offers the following anagrams for `` harvest of shame , '' cbs 's justly celebrated 1960 documentary on migrant workers ( anagrams courtesy of anagram genius ) :

In 1994 , a distinguished journal called Statistical Science published their paper .
in 1994 , a [differentiated] journal called statistical science published their paper .

That threat arises from the blurring of lines between the kind of pro-business regimes ( with all the attendant corruption ) that characterize the rest of Asia and the pro-market regime that has distinguished Hong Kong until now .
that threat arises from the blurring of lines between the kind of pro-business regimes ( with all the attendant corruption ) that characterize the rest of asia and the pro-market regime that has [differentiated] hong kong until now .

The Times calls this `` a rather delicate move for Amazon , which has distinguished itself with its thoughtful editorial voice . ''
the times calls this `` a rather delicate move for amazon , which has [differentiated] itself with its thoughtful editorial voice . ''

The Leslies were more fortunate , for their sex was distinguished by the spelling .
the leslies were more fortunate , for their sex was [differentiated] by the spelling .

Whether this widely popular use has anything to do with any close association with the General Robert E. , the distinguished Virginian family , or even the foundress of the Shakers , is perhaps unlikely ; it is just a very nice name .
whether this widely popular use has anything to do with any close association with the general robert e. , the [differentiated] virginian family , or even the foundress of the shakers , is perhaps unlikely ; it is just a very nice name .

An idiom , a combination of two or more words the meaning of which is different from the literal meaning of the sum of its components ( like kick the bucket , red herring ) , is distinguished from the concept of idiom , which refers to the natural order and combination of words by a native speaker .
an idiom , a combination of two or more words the meaning of which is different from the literal meaning of the sum of its components ( like kick the bucket , red herring ) , is [differentiated] from the concept of idiom , which refers to the natural order and combination of words by a native speaker .

Each crime has its own particular name , so the inmate in for screwing burglary and the one in for hoisting shoplifting , can be distinguished from the blagger robber .
each crime has its own particular name , so the inmate in for screwing burglary and the one in for hoisting shoplifting , can be [differentiated] from the blagger robber .

Canadian English accents , which in Britain can not normally be distinguished from American , share the same generally favourable evaluation ... .
canadian english accents , which in britain can not normally be [differentiated] from american , share the same generally favourable evaluation ... .

While toilet and lavatory have discarded their original meanings , terms such as bog retained their original meanings ( a marshy place ) as well as being understood in Britain as a slang synonym for a toilet ; it achieved an entry in Hotten 's dictionary as early as 1864 as a privy as distinguished from a water-closet .
while toilet and lavatory have discarded their original meanings , terms such as bog retained their original meanings ( a marshy place ) as well as being understood in britain as a slang synonym for a toilet ; it achieved an entry in hotten 's dictionary as early as 1864 as a privy as [differentiated] from a water-closet .

What distinguished Tyndale 's work from earlier English efforts was that he translated the New Testament straight from its native Greek and his Pentateuch from Hebrew , without the distorting filter of Jerome 's Latin .
what [differentiated] tyndale 's work from earlier english efforts was that he translated the new testament straight from its native greek and his pentateuch from hebrew , without the distorting filter of jerome 's latin .

A flame is not distinguished by its being ill-considered : a flame is usually insulting or provocative ( in the sense of causing irritation ) ; it can also be simply persisting incessantly and rabidly on a topic others find uninteresting ( or past the point of interest ) .
a flame is not [differentiated] by its being ill-considered : a flame is usually insulting or provocative ( in the sense of causing irritation ) ; it can also be simply persisting incessantly and rabidly on a topic others find uninteresting ( or past the point of interest ) .

Weapons like the boomerang , the hielamon ( a wooden shield ) , the nulla nulla ( a club ) , the waddy ( ditto ) , and the woomera ( a spear-thrower ) , were identifiable to the earliest settlers as were also gin woman , myall , which distinguished a wild Aborigine from his civilised or tame brother , gibber a stone , and gunyah a dwelling .
weapons like the boomerang , the hielamon ( a wooden shield ) , the nulla nulla ( a club ) , the waddy ( ditto ) , and the woomera ( a spear-thrower ) , were identifiable to the earliest settlers as were also gin woman , myall , which [differentiated] a wild aborigine from his civilised or tame brother , gibber a stone , and gunyah a dwelling .

There can be no confuting the fact that the grammar of modern English—that is , the English in use for the past two centuries—differs little from that of earlier stages of the language : after all , languages are sorted and distinguished by linguists on the basis of their grammars , not their lexicons .
there can be no confuting the fact that the grammar of modern english—that is , the english in use for the past two centuries—differs little from that of earlier stages of the language : after all , languages are sorted and [differentiated] by linguists on the basis of their grammars , not their lexicons .

I knew a man named Sue , a distinguished attorney in my home town , but he spelled it Sioux , in the city of Sioux Falls , South Dakota .
i knew a man named sue , a [differentiated] attorney in my home town , but he spelled it sioux , in the city of sioux falls , south dakota .

In 1878 the Swiss chemist Marignac further isolated ytterbium , and in 1879 the Swedish chemist Cleve distinguished holmium ( named for Stockholm ) and thulium ( from Thule , the farthest land known to the Greeks ) .
in 1878 the swiss chemist marignac further isolated ytterbium , and in 1879 the swedish chemist cleve [differentiated] holmium ( named for stockholm ) and thulium ( from thule , the farthest land known to the greeks ) .

Then there is this passage in Troilus and Cressida ( i.3.343 ) that has been distinguished by being placed just before the index to the eleventh edition of Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations ( New York , W.F .
then there is this passage in troilus and cressida ( i.3.343 ) that has been [differentiated] by being placed just before the index to the eleventh edition of bartlett 's familiar quotations ( new york , w.f .

The opening chapters address such questions as whether meaning can exist in a text itself or is more the result of a negotiation between reader and text ; whether male writing can be distinguished from female writing in terms of formal linguistic constituents ; and how gender interacts with reader positioning , that is , the ways a text addresses and identifies its reader .
the opening chapters address such questions as whether meaning can exist in a text itself or is more the result of a negotiation between reader and text ; whether male writing can be [differentiated] from female writing in terms of formal linguistic constituents ; and how gender interacts with reader positioning , that is , the ways a text addresses and identifies its reader .

Refinements of both activities have been made over the years , as body-surfing [ 1956 ] is distinguished from board-surfing ( or board-riding ) , though the latter use of board , first recorded by Captain Cook in 1779 , can not really be claimed as Australian .
refinements of both activities have been made over the years , as body-surfing [ 1956 ] is [differentiated] from board-surfing ( or board-riding ) , though the latter use of board , first recorded by captain cook in 1779 , can not really be claimed as australian .

In June 1960 my father went down to Houston to have his aortic aneurysm repaired by the distinguished Dr. Michael DeBakey .
in june 1960 my father went down to houston to have his aortic aneurysm repaired by the [differentiated] dr. michael debakey .

On balance Wiltshire 's book is sound and sensible , a distinguished contribution not only to Johnsonia but to the wider field of eighteenth-century studies .
on balance wiltshire 's book is sound and sensible , a [differentiated] contribution not only to johnsonia but to the wider field of eighteenth-century studies .

Prof. Allen Walker Read , whose distinguished career now spans seven decades , contributed solid yet always thoroughly enjoyable papers , and in addition has given us the handy phrase “ place-name cover ” to describe how place names indeed blanket the country with richness , color , and texture .
prof. allen walker read , whose [differentiated] career now spans seven decades , contributed solid yet always thoroughly enjoyable papers , and in addition has given us the handy phrase “ place-name cover ” to describe how place names indeed blanket the country with richness , color , and texture .

Adrienne Lehrer 's “ Wine Vocabularly and Wine Description ” [ XVIII , 3 ] reminded me of a bogus word used by the distinguished British oenophile N. Kenne Grant , Chevalier et Baron du Vin .
adrienne lehrer 's “ wine vocabularly and wine description ” [ xviii , 3 ] reminded me of a bogus word used by the [differentiated] british oenophile n. kenne grant , chevalier et baron du vin .

Sociologists , military analysts , computer mavens , other distinguished guests : At this point in our annual meeting , we pay tribute to some verbal form that spreads confusion wherever it appears .
sociologists , military analysts , computer mavens , other [differentiated] guests : at this point in our annual meeting , we pay tribute to some verbal form that spreads confusion wherever it appears .

I wonder , though , why the Baughan ( and Vaughan ) entries do not mention that bach was an epithet that distinguished a son and father , a kind of Welsh equivalent of junior .
i wonder , though , why the baughan ( and vaughan ) entries do not mention that bach was an epithet that [differentiated] a son and father , a kind of welsh equivalent of junior .

It is always an acquired condition , and as such is to be distinguished from amentia , which is either a congenital state or one closely connected with that period .
it is always an acquired condition , and as such is to be [differentiated] from amentia , which is either a congenital state or one closely connected with that period .

Arnold Toynbee , distinguished philosopher of history , in his old age wrote about his having learned about the difference between the American language and my native Unitedkingdomese .
arnold toynbee , [differentiated] philosopher of history , in his old age wrote about his having learned about the difference between the american language and my native unitedkingdomese .

The good Dr. Spooner , a kind man with white hair and cherubic face , served New College for a half century as distinguished scholar and able administrator .
the good dr. spooner , a kind man with white hair and cherubic face , served new college for a half century as [differentiated] scholar and able administrator .

Pretty Rachael Garley ( not “ Miss , ” “ Ms. , ” or “ Mrs. , ” mind you ) , whose name does not ring the bells in my head that are ( w ) rung by names like Marilyn Monroe , Margaret Thatcher , and Marie , Queen of Rumania , is identified as “ the ” model , as if she were being distinguished from the Rachael Garley who succeeded Sir Randolph Quirk as president of the British Academy and that other Rachael Garley whom we all know to be the ( not “ a ” ) power behind Boris Yeltsin or Saddam Husein .
pretty rachael garley ( not “ miss , ” “ ms. , ” or “ mrs. , ” mind you ) , whose name does not ring the bells in my head that are ( w ) rung by names like marilyn monroe , margaret thatcher , and marie , queen of rumania , is identified as “ the ” model , as if she were being [differentiated] from the rachael garley who succeeded sir randolph quirk as president of the british academy and that other rachael garley whom we all know to be the ( not “ a ” ) power behind boris yeltsin or saddam husein .

Perhaps she is identified as “ the ” model just to remind us that she is an outstandingly unique and famous model , to be distinguished from what might otherwise be characterized as “ a ” model , which would make her just another one of the pack .
perhaps she is identified as “ the ” model just to remind us that she is an outstandingly unique and famous model , to be [differentiated] from what might otherwise be characterized as “ a ” model , which would make her just another one of the pack .

The apposition is to be distinguished from the adjectival modifier such as Barney 's Good food in a Country Atmosphere , which serves to describe more precisely the type of establishment the motorist is approaching .
the apposition is to be [differentiated] from the adjectival modifier such as barney 's good food in a country atmosphere , which serves to describe more precisely the type of establishment the motorist is approaching .

The loneliness and the heather-cloaked undulations of the vast deer forests of northern Scotland ( forests distinguished by a complete absence of trees ) are indeed evocative of the sea .
the loneliness and the heather-cloaked undulations of the vast deer forests of northern scotland ( forests [differentiated] by a complete absence of trees ) are indeed evocative of the sea .

